title|content
Apple confirms iCloud image scanning system only scans child abuse images|Apple is revealed in the FAQ or FAQ on Apple's website. The iCloud image scanning system only detects child abuse images and will not accept any requests from Apple government agencies. A child abuse photo scanning system was launched on Thursday, local time in the U.S. It scans images uploaded to iCloud to scan for any images that are considered child abuse. However, the image scanning system has been heavily criticized due to the potential to be extended to violate user privacy and the likelihood that the tool will be requested by authoritarian governments. Apple has confirmed that its pre-iCloud image scanning system will reject requests from the government requesting information, stating that it will only be used to scan child abuse. To keep the user's privacy policy intact, even if Apple insists so. But in many of the previous incidents, more people have noted apples. This is especially true if Apple is willing to remove the application at the request of the Chinese government and agrees to tighten its privacy policy in order to trade in China conveniently.
Chinese authorities have filed a lawsuit against Tencent for violating the Youth Protection Act on the WeChat app.|Chinese prosecutors indict Tencent Beijing prosecutors have sued Chinese tech giant Tencent, alleging that youth mode within the WeChat app violated the child protection law in the case. It did not go into detail about how the WeChat app's youth mode violated Chinese law, it did not, according to Reuters. Tencent lawsuit filed against Tencent The owner of the WeChat application came after major newspapers in China referred to online games as electronic drugs and opiumYouth mode. In the WeChat application, once activated, access to games and certain functionalities, such as payment services and searching for friends in the neighborhood, has recently been seen to be very tight for tech companies. From giants like Alibaba to Tencent, there has also been a lot of criticism of online gaming, forcing Tencent to scale its popular online gaming service to just an hour a day.
Apple to launch child scanning system on iPhone and iCloud|Apple is preparing to launch a new feature to be used in the U.S. for the first time, Apple's device image scanning system and iCloud, with the aim of finding child pornography, the Financial Times reported. It's not. According to the Financial Times, the neuralMatch system was tested using over 200,000 images from the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children to compare them into a database. A computer science scholar at Johns Hopkins University noted that the tool may be useful in finding child pornography on mobile. BUT IF THIS TOOL GOES INTO THE HANDS OF AN AUTHORITARIAN GOVERNMENT, WHAT WILL IT BE? neuralMatch will be part of the iOS 15 operating system, where Apple will release a new version of the operating system, along with the release of the iPhone 13 this September.
Amazon users revealed that a salesperson sent an email asking them to delete negative reviews and offered to double their money.|Amazon customers have revealed that they have found a trick by a seller begging them to remove negative reviews and offering products or money in exchange for deleting reviews. Amazon sellers have been tracking customer reviews, especially when customers review them negatively. The report revealed that a customer on Amazon had purchased a cooking oil spray in March, which she saw with a relatively good review score of 4.5 stars, but when she got the product, it was a different product than the one ordered, so the customer wrote a negative review a week later. At the end of the email, it also says that if the customer doesn't reply, they'll be fine. The store will assume that the customer has not seen the email and will ask to be contacted again. When a customer requests a full refund, while continuing to receive negative reviews, they are stored in Amazon's system. The store offered double the amount. There was also a similar case of a male customer who bought a finger splint and he was not satisfied with the product. Therefore, negative reviews are given to the product. however The retailer contacted them and offered $40. In Amazon's rules of use, it is clearly stated that sellers are prohibited from contacting customers outside the platform. Is the issue about to become a big amazon problem?Source: WSJSPONSORED
Huawei launches new digital power business to drive digital economy in Thailand|Huawei confident in Thailand's digital potential Announced investments in technology and labor, along with new digital power business, said Abel Deng, Chief Executive Officer of Huawei. Meet the press II confirms that For Huawei, Thailand is a country where Huawei has a strong desire to support its business. The plan covers three areas: the fight against the spread of COVID-19, Cultivating digital capabilities and supporting SMEs and startups, Deng said that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the company has been working on a number of initiatives. For the past two years, Huawei has announced a partnership with Siriraj Hospital to introduce 5G technology, which will range from medical supplies delivery vehicles, digital medical services through the use of artificial intelligence to analyze diseases and X-rays. In the past, Huawei has invested about 475 million baht. For developing 5G in various businesses to upgrade startups and SMEs at the same time. Huawei has also invested in enhancing digital skills for its workforce by opening the Huawei ASEAN Academy to promote the development of Thailand's digital capabilities. Both in SMEs and startups. Mr. Deng said that in 2021, Huawei has established a business called Digital Power in Thailand. The digital power business is a separate business from the parent company Huawei by inventing a technology called X-in-1 ePowertrain that will increase the energy efficiency of electric vehicles. RESULTING IN A TOTAL OF 1,000 INDIRECT JOBS.
Microsoft Thailand Believe in digital skills as a way out of the crisis in the COVID-19 situation|Microsoft Thailand Aiming to take Thai society into digital life. Aim to enhance digital skills Digital skills of Thai people through the COVID-19 crisis. President Microsoft Thailand After working with Microsoft for 4 years, the following year will be the year that Microsoft calls the Year of Empowerment. Mr. Thanawat explained that one of the things Microsoft wants to push the most is the creation of new skills, especially digital skills. From teachers, students The digital content that Microsoft brings to the fore will include Microsoft Azure, cloud services, Azure Data & AI. Data and artificial intelligence and PowerBI, for example. Microsoft estimates that having digital skills can help drive the country's digital economy. Especially if Thai people have digital skills, it will become a new talent creation until a high level of competition occurs. As a result, companies in Thailand are strong, including Thailand. In the startup segment From businesses of all sizes to government sectors If you have an understanding of digital transformation, you will have the opportunity to understand your customers, see new customer groups, and increase international digital standards. Microsoft also announced that its Microsoft Teams and Microsoft 365 services have passed the meeting control system's information security standards. The Electronic Transactions Development Agency (EPA) last year made online meetings, either general meetings or secret meetings, to meet security standards, with both services growing by thousands of percent. Microsoft also launched Cloud for Sustainability, a cloud solutions group for enterprises with data tracking tools. Measurement and summary report on environmental impact. Microsoft has set four goals: 1. Towards carbon negative status (eliminates more carbon pollution than the amount emitted to the outside) By 2030, 2. Toward Water Positive status by 2030, 3. Towards Zero Waste by 2030, and 4. Planetary Computer system with cloud that collects environmental data from around the world, allowing environmental conservation researchers to find answers to the world's problems.
Samsung launches Galaxy Buds 2 support for active noise cancellation|Samsung ended Galaxy Unpacked 2021 with the delivery of headphones from the Galaxy Buds 2 series, joining forces with Samsung's own mobile phones at Galaxy Unpacked 2021. The new headphones come in four colors: olive green, lavender purple, white and black. Up to 20 hours of usage per charge (including case) for Galaxy Buds 2 is priced at US$150. It will be released on August 27th.
Samsung unveils new foldable mobile Galaxy Z Flip3, highlighting its easy and convenient portability.|Galaxy Z Flip3 is a secondary smartphone to Samsung's Z series, with the Galaxy Z Flip3's home screen set at 6.7 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2640 pixels. The 120Hz refresh rate is supported, but when folded, the screen is only 1.9 inches small, and the screen resolution is 260 x 512 pixels. The Galaxy Z Flip3 is available in five colours: Phantom Black, Green Lavender, Cream, White, Pink and Grey.
T-Mobile investigates 100 million customer data slipping into hacker hands|T-Mobile, a major telecommunications network operator Admittedly, a lot of customer data fell into the hands of real hackers, vice news agency. T-Mobile, a global telecommunications network operator, has announced that it will be launching a new telecommunications network. An internal investigation is underway after the personal information of more than 100 million users slipped into the hands of hackers. After the investigation, T-Mobile admitted that the leaked information was real. It issued a statement saying they were aware of the problem and were conducting an internal investigation to investigate the forums where T-Mobile's leaked information was being sold. However, T-Mobile did not explain how the data came out of the hands of the hackers, but it is believed to have come from a leak in the T-Mobile server in an underground forum that traded data from T-Mobile. For sub-data such as 30 million social security card numbers and driver's licenses, while other data will be sold gradually back in 2018, T-Mobile was targeted by hackers, with the personal data of about 2 million customers hacked. In addition, in 2019, some of T-Mobile's prepaid customers were hacked, which T-Mobile confirmed was a small number of affected people and did not affect sensitive information.
Google keeps up with the trend, produces foldable Pixel Phone Available before the end of 2021|Google, the developer of the Pixel family, is reportedly preparing plans to release a foldable Pixel Phone, internally with a passport codename, later this year at the Galaxy Unpacked 2021 Samsung event. The launch of foldable smartphones like the Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Flip3 has been a huge buzz, and there is a chance that we will see new models. According to @cstark27, who works as a developer, he noticed the source code on Android 12 and found that a device used the code name Passport. Google's Pixel Fold development trend has been around since 2019, and over the past two years, rumors about this mobile legend have been circulating in the media. Launched a foldable mobile phone at an affordable price. The earliest pixel fold could be later this year in the Pixel Fold specs section. The Pixel Fold will have a 7.6-inch screen size and support 120Hz refresh rate technology, but it's unclear whether the Pixel Fold will be available alongside Google Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, according to Rick Osterloh, Google's senior vice president of devices and services. In early 2021, Google has made it clear that after this, Google will focus more on the hardware business and is trying to win as much market share in the mobile business from Samsung and Apple as possible. Source: TNWSPONSORED
Twitter prepares to redesign The user later complained of headaches and eye discomfort.|Last week, Twitter announced a redesign of the page, adjusting the color in the High-Contrast section, reducing Twitter's long-standing use of the signature blue, the buttons turning to more black, and changing the font to Chirp shortly after. Especially the problem of eye strain. Headaches after using Twitter for about a period of time. Users of the Windows operating system Twitter site also encountered a chipp font flaw after collecting enough feedback from users. Twitter tweeted that high-contrast colors will be modified to improve user comfort and will also address the chirp font problem on Windows operating systems.
Tinder opens an ID card authentication channel|Tinder dating app has announced that it has opened an authentication channel with an ID card or a government-issued card. It hopes to help build a safe community for Rory users. Kosol Head of Trust & Safety Product at Tinder "Identity verification with ID cards is very complicated and detailed. That's why Tinder uses a testing and learning approach along with development, and the main thing Tinder wants users to do is confidence and security. It is expected to be available in the next quarter of 2021 by identity verification. Local regulations To determine how this feature works, Tinder's authentication system is initially open for voluntary verification, unless in some countries where immediate verification is mandatory, it is previously on a case-by-case basis. In 2019, Tinder launched ID card verification in Japan and became the world's standard practice.
YouTube has suspended all accounts believed to belong to the Taliban.|Alphabet YouTube's parent company unveils its approach It confirmed that it would suspend all accounts believed to be owned or operated by the Taliban after the U.S. military. It began withdrawing forces from Afghanistan last month until the Taliban successfully seized the Afghan capital Kabul. Facebook was the first company to insist on banning Taliban-supporting content from its platform. However, YouTube has confirmed that they have suspended Taliban-related accounts in the past. It goes on to explain that they will follow the government's recommendations under the Foreign Terrorist Organizations regulations. The U.S. State Department has not yet identified the Taliban as one of the terrorist groups on the Twitter platform. It is a platform used by Taliban spokesmen to communicate to hundreds of thousands of followers. There's no direction yet, but there's a lot of surveillance for content that might violate Twitter's terms.Source: Business InsiderSPONSORED
Facebook announces ban on Taliban-related content|Facebook is the world's largest social media provider. It confirmed that content supporting the Taliban would be banned from the platform of leading tech companies like Facebook. Face another challenge When they have to manage content that is associated with the Taliban, Facebook. Facebook has now banned the content of the Taliban, including those of its supporters, from appearing on the platform because the Taliban is a terrorist organization, while Facebook has set up a team with expertise in Afghanistan, both in terms of language and local context, to investigate and remove content that may be linked to the Taliban. It emphasized that the announced policy will apply across all Facebook platforms. However, the Taliban have used WhatsApp as their primary communication tool, which has led to a lot of scrutiny on the platform. Looking at how to deal with Taliban-related content Source: BBC
Google Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro don't include chargers, following in the footsteps of Apple and Samsung.|Google has announced that the Pixel 5A will be the last smartphone to include a charging dock. Following in the footsteps of giants Apple and Samsung, Google became the latest smartphone manufacturer to decide no longer include a box charger, with the Pixel 5A becoming the last smartphone under the Pixel 5A brand. Google argues similarly to Apple and Samsung that most people already have a charging dock for the UBC-C, which wouldn't need to be given to customers anymore. As a result, the transportation process can transport more smartphones, reducing energy consumption indirectly when this issue comes out, of course, it is not surprising that consumers still see that they still have to buy products at the same price. But something is missing in the box, and this is going to be an issue for a long time.
Ubisoft Singapore is under investigation after being accused of sexual harassment and bullying in the workplace.|Ubisoft is headquartered in Singapore. It is being investigated because it has been reported that there are sexual harassment and bullying issues within the workplace. A French game developer studio, which has studios in many countries, and one of them also has a studio in Singapore. At this time, Ubisoft Singapore is under heavy scrutiny as the company is accused of misconduct, including sexual harassment and workplace bullying, according to The Straits Times. Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices, a party in charge of fair employment, is now under investigation. The latter received complaints of toxic working environments. The company's toxic products are based on discussions with past and present employees. More than 20 people were found in addition to poor working environments. Some female employees were deliberately touched. When reporting the matter to human resources department The result was a months-long investigation process with few penalties. Growth in the workplace is also very low, since within the organization there is a so-called French ceiling. As a result, local employees cannot be promoted to higher positions and this has become a racial inequality issue, The Straits Times reports. He said the issue is a big one and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including disqualification from applying for a work permit for foreigners for Ubisoft in Singapore. Is a game developer studio Skull & Bones and is involved in the development of Assassin's Creed Valhalla game. One of Ubisoft's most important game series, Source: The Verge, The Straits TimesSPONSORED
TSMC overtakes Tencent as Asia's most valuable company|The world's largest chipset-maker, TSMC from Taiwan, has become asia's most valuable company. After Tencent was heavily cracked down in China, Taiwanese chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) was arrested. Overtaking Tencent The internet company from China has already made this chipset maker the most valuable company in Asia, which is why TSMC has become the most valuable company in Asia. This is due to Tencent. It has been heavily cracked down on by Beijing, with media attributed to Beijing for its alleged addiction to children's games as an electronic drug. TSMC is valued at about $538 billion, followed by Tencent at $536 billion and Alibaba at $472 billion. As a result, TSMC gained momentum from here, which led them to become the most valuable company. TSMC has responded to the shortage of chipsets by investing an additional $100 billion over the next three years to increase production capacity to meet the demands of all industries.
Google folds plans to produce Pixel 6 in Vietnam due to COVID-19 return to Chinese factory|Production of Google's Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro smartphones is expected to return to China due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Vietnam, although the launch of Google's Google Pixel 6 and Google Pixel 6 Pro is unclear at what time of Q4 of 2021. As a result, production was delayed, Nikkei reported. Asia says covid-19 outbreak in Asia As a result, Google's plans to have the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro to be produced in Vietnam have to be folded and then turned back to China again. Instead of Vietnam because of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the transportation of resources and manufacturing workers is heavily controlled along the borders of China and Vietnam to prevent the spread of the virus. Production in Vietnam at this time also has an incomplete supply chain problem. There are problems with engineering reasons and training new local workers, which takes time and experience, so mobile phones still have to be manufactured in Shenzhen, China. In fact, it wasn't just Google that was affected by the need to relocate its manufacturing base from China to Vietnam. Apple and Amazon were also affected. Apple had previously wanted to produce AirPods, MacBooks and iPads in Vietnam, but eventually had to continue to produce them in China, said Annabelle Hsu, an analyst at IDC Market Research Company (IDC). It will only be a temporary event. When the situation in Vietnam improves Companies like Apple and Google will also move production back to Vietnam based on previous demand. Because the U.S. and China still have a trade war issue with each other, source: Nikkei AsiaSPONSORED
It's time to rebrand OnlyFans, canceling adult-only secret content. Starting this October|Specialised websites like OnlyFans are reshaping their approach. Focus more on mainstream content Content related to sexual behavior will be banned because of investor pressure. Effective this OctoberOnlyFans Popular websites are for members, which are adult-only. Announcing that it will explicitly suspend sexually active content The change in OnlyFans' approach comes as they have been pressured by financial institutions and payment service providers due to concerns over OnlyFans' exclusive content. Financial payment companies such as Visa and Mastercard have suspended payment systems against websites that contain pornographic content online. So it wouldn't be a surprise if both companies would suspend payments on the OnlyFans platform. Not only financial institutions and payment service providers are concerned about OnlyFans' content, but even investors who have the opportunity to invest on the platform are unsure, anxious, or afraid to invest money in OnlyFans, forcing OnlyFans to indirectly modify its service content to ensure the sustainability of the company. In addition, OnlyFans has just released OFTV, which has no adult content on the platform at all. A start-up company headquartered in London, England. They currently have around 130 million active users. Although OnlyFans has previously insisted that they are a platform for creating common content such as cooking lessons, yoga classes, the most popular content is adult content source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Tesla unveils prototype robot "Tesla Bot" to help with repetitive, boring tasks Instead of humans|At AI Day hosted by Tesla, the company's co-founder, Elon Musk. Tesla Bot launches humanoid robot with mission to rescue humans from repetitive tasks Tesla co-founder Elon Musk Inc., which acts as a technoking in the Tesla empire. Tesla Bot, a 5-foot-8-inch robot, was unveiled at Tesla's AI Day. Tesla Bot is under development and it is expected that next year will see the next prototype. The idea is to develop to help human beings, especially in repetitive and monotonous tasks, which are not just in the field of labor. Tesla Bot can also help with small tasks. From grocery shopping to daily tasks, Tesla Bot's other specifications include a robot's weight, which is 125 pounds (about 56 kilograms), can be deadlifted, 150 pounds (about 68 kilograms), has a movement speed of 5 mph, and has a display on the robot's face at the end of the launch. Elon Musk invited engineers to develop the Tesla Bot on its website, tesla.com/AI Of course, the Tesla Bot robot is not a new innovation in the tech world. Toyota and GM also have their own robots.
Home Sweet Home Survive game downloads surpassed 1.5 lakh views, more than 3 times the target.|Ikdrasil Group, the developer of Home Sweet Home Survive, revealed that the game downloaded better than expected at 1.5 lakh. Close beta is set to open this October. Chief Executive Officer, Ixdrasil Group Public Company Limited Home Sweet Home Survive, a survival game, was released in March. at the moment The game has been downloaded more than 150,000 times. In the pre-release period, the game was targeted at only 50 thousand times, Mr. Thanat said, adding that the game has become three times more popular than expected due to the COVID-19 situation. Nowadays, the main players of Home Sweet Home Survive game will come from three countries: Thailand, the United States, and China. It will be a huge opportunity for the game to grow far. As a result, Ixdrasil Group has now developed software to accommodate the growing number of potential players. The software is expected to be completed with the reopening of Close Beta by October.
Apple tested Touch ID for iPhone 13 but isn't ready to launch this year.|Mark German reports that Apple has tested Touch ID on its new iPhone 13 handset, but it's too early to implement it as one of the features for this year's flagship mobile launch, Bloomberg Newsletter column, with Mark German owning the column. Report interesting information about the test by putting Touch ID under the screen of the iPhone 13, which was previously rumored by Mark German. But it's too early for the iPhone 13, and German believes that Apple is more focused on putting Face ID under the display. As evidenced by the launch of the Galaxy Z Fold3 two weeks ago, German further commented that in the future, Apple may choose to split iPhone models from Face ID and Touch ID as well. Following the first possibility, the high-end iPhone comes with Face ID under the display. The default version will be a Notch Face ID, while the second possibility, the high-end Face ID will be under the screen like the first possibility, but the initial iPhone model will switch to Touch ID under the screen, without Face ID instead for iPhone 13 data, which is expected to be released in September. There are many things that followers already know, including slicing the notch smaller than the previous model, supporting a 120Hz refresh rate, having a 1TB capacity model for the first time, an improved camera sensor, an A15 Bionic processor, and the last iPhone mini model, etc. Source: Power On by Mark GurmanSPONSOREDSPONSORED
Xiaomi hints at new product launch on September 15|Xiaomi, a major smartphone manufacturer from China. Preparing for a new product launch event September 15th is coming up in the coming days, and it seems to be a busy month among tech followers, as the chances of Apple relaunching the iPhone 13 in September are high. At the same time, Xiaomi recently announced plans to launch a new product as well. On September 15, Xiaomi will launch a new product launch, and live streaming channels can watch the launch of Xiaomi's new products on all social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, starting live at 7 p.m. LOCAL TIME, according to GSMArena. There is a possibility of a smart TV, a foldable smartphone, or perhaps a new smartphone from the Xiaomi Mi 11T series.
Joe Biden Call Apple, Microsoft and Amazon CEOs to discuss cybersecurity issues at the White House|The tech giant's CEO received an invitation from President Joe Biden for a consultation on cybersecurity. That's one of the key policies the White House at this time, bloomberg news agency reports. Tim Cook, Satya Nadella, Andy Jassy received an invitation from Joe Biden. The U.S. president has been consulting on cybersecurity since the covid-19 pandemic. Cyberattacks are rampant. The meeting will be held at the White House, with Tim Cook from Apple, Satya Nadella from Microsoft and Andy Jassy from Apple. Amazon's new CEO The invitation from the White House has been accepted. The talks are expected to take place on Wednesday afternoon, local time in the United States. Pichai, CEO of Alphabet and Google, also received invitations from the White House, as well as IBM executives, Southern. The invitation will see that the White House has invited not only technology companies, but also financial institutions and companies specializing in natural gas. The reason for this is because the Joe Biden administration has prioritized both cybersecurity and infrastructure needed for the population, which the Biden administration believes will help transform the U.S., giving the population easy access to these basic structures and providing an opportunity to create over a million jobs in the country.Source: BloombergSPONSORED
Google Meet adds an echo notification system during a meeting|Google Meet, Google's meeting tool, adds features that are likely to appeal to workers in the work-from-home era by issuing notification tools when they find echoes during work from home meetings. On Google's side, Google Meet is the main tool, according to Google's official blog, Helping users prevent echo in Google Meet. This tool is a tool that detects echoes. (Echo)Google Explain that Google normally has echo control tools, but sometimes it doesn't have complete control. As a result, in each meeting, echoes are still heard, so Google has developed an echo detection tool. It appears as a red dot (pictured) on three dots with notifications and steps to manage echoes and no longer annoys attendees.Sponsored The newest Google Meet capability will be introduced for Google Workspace, G Suite Basic and G Suite Business customers, which are now gradually updated to Google customers.
Google has updated its rating and review system, depending on the country and Android mobile it uses.|Google, the developer of the Android operating system, has changed its review rating system on the Play Store to suit and benefit both developers and Google users. Revealed on the official Android Developers Blog about the rating and review system on the Play Store, which was originally used by android smartphone users, regardless of the brand manufacturer. Download the built-in app When you want to rate an app or make any comments, the Play Store's system displays all of them. It is not separated by device or country registered with Google, however. Google thinks that such a rating and review system is unlikely to be accurate. Therefore, the system has been reconfigured to benefit both users and developers. Ratings and reviews are displayed based on each Android device, as well as the registration of that device in which country the reason for this change is. Sometimes high-end Android smartphones can use certain features, but if it's an Android model with a lower price level, it may not work with that feature, or in some countries there are different application requirements, and in the case of apps for tablets, there will be a different experience with the smartphone version of the app. Recently launched smartphones such as Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Flip3, some applications have not been able to develop features to fully support these two smartphones. As a result, users may be dissatisfied until they rate the app with negative ratings and reviews. Google will begin updating its rating and review system in this format in November 2021, and in early 2022, devices such as tablets, foldable smartphones, wearables, and Chromebooks will only see ratings for the devices used. Google will notify all developers of the change directly source: Google BlogSPONSORED
Airbnb pledges free housing for 20,000 Afghan refugees|Airbnb, a room service provider Airbnb CEO and co-founder Brian Chesky said the company will launch a special program to help Afghan refugees fleeing Taliban occupation. Airbnb will be responsible for all costs, the airbnb co-founder said, adding that in the past, the company has been close to and has worked with many non-profit organizations. Chesky did not detail how long afghan refugees would stay at home in Airbnb's custody and how long the company would provide support in recent days. Many Afghans are trying to leave the country, with Afghans arriving at Kabul's airport in the hope of leaving the country and being secured by the U.S. government or its allies.
Xiaomi cancels brand name "Mi" in all product ranges, from smartphones, smart homes and lifestyles.|Xiaomi, a major manufacturer of technology equipment from China. Decided to rebrand, focus more on the company name by cutting the brand name. "Mi" leaves all product groups to be released in the future, reports XDA-Developers, a community of developers. It reveals no less interesting information: the decision to cancel the brand name. Xiaomi's Mi is away from the products that will be released later, including smartphones, smart homes, and other lifestyle products. Many people may feel a little strange. In the past, Xiaomi used the brand name. Mi has been in the market for many years together, so what about smartphones that are going to be launched soon? Xiaomi Mi Mix 4 will also be officially called Xiaomi Mix 4. There will be no impact on the previous product. But in the future, the products that will follow will no longer have the name Mi. The main reason why Xiaomi decided to adopt the brand name Mi leaves all its products, and it is possible that Xiaomi wants to turn the company's name into a brand. Represent the Company Increase brand recognition in international markets outside of China It is unlikely to be affected much. Xiaomi's name is now well known in Asia, the United States, and Europe, while xiaomi's child brands Poco and Redmi will continue to use their original names. Unchanged at this time Source: XDA-Developers, 9to5GoogleSPONSORED
OnlyFans back to Lam Cancel plans to ban adult content|OnlyFans U-turn platform OnlyFans is expected to reach an agreement with payment system providers. Last week, OnlyFans announced that the platform needed to ban sexual content due to the uneasiness of payment providers, including Tim Stokly. The CEO of OnlyFans has attacked financial institutions for putting pressure on them and will introduce a new policy on October 1, but plans to ban adult content have been folded. OnlyFans' Twitter account thanked everyone who had voiced their voices. The platform has the support plan needed to support the community of creators, while suspending the previously announced policy that will be implemented on October 1. A platform valued at more than $1 billion, it is a unicorn that has grown during the COVID-19 pandemic. OnlyFans charges a relatively low fee of only 20 percent, with the remaining 80 percent going to creators source: The GuardianSPONSORD.
Google invests $10 billion to strengthen cyber security|Alphabet and Google CEOs pledge Google to invest big money to strengthen cyber security Increase training because cyber issues are Joe Biden's core policy. U.S. President Current Sundar Pichai, CEO of Alphabet and Google, as well as CEO of a leading U.S. technology company. Reveal the company's aftermath. After meeting with President Joe Biden at the White House, Google announced that it would invest $10 billion over the next five years to strengthen and enhance cybersecurity, as well as leading companies in the tech world such as Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and others. They think that software development nowadays uses a lot of open source software, which is present in both international infrastructure and security systems. Google believes it should increase security in the open source segment, which is why it has invested $10 billion to help fix open-source software vulnerabilities. so Google's approach will help hundreds of thousands of Americans train to educate. Understanding privacy and data security In addition, Google will increase its efforts by encouraging government organizations. Develop cybersecurity systems to keep up with the times and use zero-trust computing, that is, a system that will not immediately trust any person or device. Authentication is required to determine how much access to the system is required. Source: 9to5GoogleSPONSORED
Facebook considers setting up a special committee dedicated to overseeing elections.|Facebook, the brother of social media Seeking advice from academics and experts for advice on how to handle future elections since the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Facebook has been hit hard by the platform's misrepresentation of advertising and posts originating from Russia. Leading up to the 2020 elections, Facebook has imposed a ban on ad purchases in the pre-election period, followed by a post-election shutdown. The issue of elections, advertising on Facebook platforms will also become a topic of discussion again, the New York Times reported. Facebook said it had contacted academics and election experts to set up an election oversight committee, but details so far have been unclear. But there is a possibility that the committee that Facebook has set up is Facebook has been attacked by all political factions, including the use of advertising and election misinformation, in preparation for the next election. They see Facebook as biased against conservatives and are trying to suppress their voices on the above issues. informed source Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Facebook, said: I don't want to make any decisions about political content. Assigning an expert to consider might be a better option if an election advisory committee is set up to deal with future elections. The committee is expected to be similar to the Oversight Board, which oversees Facebook content and has considered banning former President Donald Trump's account in the wake of the riot in the U.S. Capitol. As of January 6, 2021, however, The difference between the Election Advisory Board and the Oversight Board is that the latter will act defensively, will consider the matter in question and submit it for decision. The first committee focused on proactive, the New York Times. The report goes on to say that next year 2022 will be an election year in countries such as Hungary, Germany, Brazil and the Philippines, where election authorities are expected to closely monitor the movement of information on Facebook.
Netflix enters a new era Two new games from the hit series Stranger Things were released.|Come on as promised. Netflix has taken the popular series Stranger Things and developed it into two games at once. Just a game from this hit series. It is also restricted to Poland as far back as July. Netflix The popular streaming platform has announced that it will be heading into the gaming industry. No additional charges will be charged at this time. Netflix games have already been released as Stranger Things 1984 and Stranger Things 3, which are based on one of Netflix's most popular series, The Stranger Things. Then sign in to play the game. As for the game itself, as Netflix has previously stated, there will be no ads or sales of any items for Stranger Things 1984 and Stranger Things 3, expected to be available on iOS in the coming months. As a freshman game studio, it may not seem like much. But if you're a fan of The Stranger Things series, it's a game that's quite interesting. OTHER GAMES IN NETFLIX'S HANDS ARE EXPECTED TO FOLLOW IN THE COMING MONTHS.SPONSORED SOURCE: TNW
Twitter releases ticketed spaces feature limited to iOS users|Twitter has announced the release of Ticketed Spaces, a ticketing system for listening to spaces, but now only available for iOS, @TwitterSpaces account revealed on Twitter. Twitter's live broadcast service, Spaces, has announced the sale of Ticketed Spaces tickets for the host's exclusive content. Ticketed Spaces host the owner must have at least 1,000 followers. The Ticketed Spaces feature is now limited to iOS users. The Android operating system has to wait in terms of revenue share. Twitter has previously announced that it will deduct 3 percent of creator revenue from Ticketed Spaces, but this feature is used on iOS, which means Twitter will have to pay a 30 percent fee to the platform owner (i.e. Apple). Whenever a spaces host has a total revenue of more than $50 billion, Twitter's revenue share increases from 3 percent to 20 percentSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
Apple retreats Allow app developers to create payment gateways outside the App Store|Giants like Apple made a big decision by opening up the door for application developers. Without the need for a single app store, the legal battle between Apple and Epic Games has become part of Apple's hardening. Apple has always insisted that all apps in the App Store must be paid under the App Store's system. Apple's payment system is also considered expensive, with up to 30 percent of the fee deducted from the issue, leading to many disputes with well-known application developers, such as Spotify and Netflix. Apple, which has always been tough on the issue, has decided to take a step back, allowing app developers to send emails to users to suggest payment methods other than the App Store's payment system. From Apple's retreat this time. They have set up a special fund, a $100 million fund, that will pay application developers who have a lawsuit against Apple. Starting at only $250-30,000 is not enough, application developers will get more flexibility in pricing. Apple will expand its pricing options to 100-500 options. One of the developers who filed a lawsuit against Apple said the change was a game changer, allowing developers to benefit from the change.
analyst Predicted iPhone 13 supports satellite communications Use your phone even without a 4G signal|Ming-Chi Kuo, renowned analyst The iPhone 13, the latest smartphone to be launched this month, will have technology that helps with satellite communications when it comes to analysts with Apple's insider data. Ming-Chi Kuo's name will be the first name mentioned by the report released to investors. He estimates that the iPhone 13, which is expected to be the name of Apple's next smartphone, will have a mode called low-earth-orbit (LEO) satellite connection mode. The iPhone 13 uses the Qualcomm X60 chip as a modem to support satellite communications, of course, text messaging or satellite calls. It's not a free-to-use capability, which is similar to enabling roaming for travel abroad. But in the details of the satellites that are expected to be used. It's unclear which company will use the satellite, and the cost for this capability hasn't come out yet, interestingly, talk of satellite communication technology didn't happen, according to Ming-Chi Kuo. But back in 2019, Bloomberg news agency had previously reported that Apple was thinking of applying this technology to the iPhone for the iPhone 13.
China puts new regulations in place Allow youth to play online games 3 hours a week|Beijing announced a policy of organizing the gaming industry, with children under the age of 18 being restricted to three hours of gaming per week, CNBC reported. The announcement from the Chinese government said: We want young people to be healthy both physically and mentally. Chinese youth under the age of 18 are allowed to play online games for as many as 3 hours a week and only between 8 p.m. and 21 a.m. on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and special holidays. All online game providers must work with the Chinese government. It is connected to a system called Anti-Addiction, which is transcribed in Thai as anti-addiction, and all players must register with their real name and previously issued identification documents issued by government agencies. The Chinese government already has a way to regulate youth online gaming. But that approach doesn't seem to be very satisfactory to Beijing. Chinese youth can play online games for 90 minutes a day, but the latest change is a big change in the gaming industry in China. The Chinese government's change to the rules is likely to affect Apple and the App Store, as Apple also has a gaming service called Apple Arcade, which is a reserved gaming channel and doesn't have an in-game advertising system.
iPhone 13 satellite communication technology may only be available in an emergency.|Ming-Chi Kuo explained to investors a new feature that could appear in the iPhone 13, with the feature being low-earth-orbit (LEO) satellite connection mode, bloomberg news agency reported. The statement said the feature that would allow the iPhone to connect to a satellite could only be used in an emergency. The data will be sent to satellites in case the area does not have a mobile signal. Messages sent are text restricted, and text balloons from the usual green or blue in SMS and iMessage turn gray at the same time. The emergency message sent out was Even if the recipient is set to Do not disturb mode, this message will still appear on the iPhone to ensure that this necessary emergency message is actually delivered to the recipient. Whether it's a car accident, a boat, an airplane, or a fire. The system will ask the user if they need a rescue team, etc. at the same time. When using emergency services, this feature can send medical information, also known as medical ID, and its location at that time to alert the person identified by the user in the emergency contacts list up to this time. Bloomberg believes that satellite connection mode to iPhone is unlikely to be ready for iPhone 13, but it is likely to be seen on iPhone 14 or iPhone 15.
IDC estimates global smartphone shipments increased by 7.4 percent, iOS doubles as Android|IDC analyzes global smartphone shipments It is likely to grow by as much as 7.4 percent in 2019, with emerging markets being a key factor. Market Research Company Assess the situation of the smartphone business world in 2021 in an interesting way. In terms of growth, IDC believes that smartphones under iOS will grow twice as much as Android operating systems, with iOS growing by 13.8 percent and Android at 6.2 percent. Which IDC 5G smartphones are projected to grow by 123 percent, twice as much as in 2020, and IDC also predicts that 5G smartphones will account for 54 percent of smartphone shipments by the end of 2022.
South Korea passes law banning Google and Apple from monopolizing payment channels|South Korea's parliament has given the green light to a bill banning app store operators, whether from Google or Apple. The issue of monopoly on payment channels within the App Store or Play Store, the application hub platform of Apple and Google, has come under heavy criticism, as both Google and Apple have demanded up to 30 percent of the bills, leading to lawsuits by prosecutors in more than 37 U.S. states, including the latest move by U.S. senators who view Apple and Google as "unacceptable." South Korea's parliament recently approved a bill banning major app store providers, both from Google and Apple. The bill was voted on by 180 of the 188 people who joined the amendment to the Telecommunications Business Act, nicknamed Anti-Google law, after it passed Parliament. On the Google side. They seem to be embracing it, pondering how to comply with this law, along with efforts to maintain the quality of the platform, which is expected to see changes in the coming weeks, in contrast to Apple, which sees this legislation as having a negative impact. In particular, the user's confidence in the platform. This led to a decline in the number of developers who signed up with Apple of 4.82 lakh and an overall revenue of 8.55 million won last week. Google, meanwhile, was revealed in a lawsuit filed between Epic Games and Google, which said Google had $112 billion in revenue from its own Play Store, with gross profit of $8.5 billion and operating profit of $7 billion.
Apple Watch Series 7 faces production problems due to design complexity|Apple Watch Series 7, scheduled to launch in 2021, appears to have experienced production difficulties as a result of changing designs. This complicated it and eventually affected the production, bloomberg news agency. Apple's new smart watch this year, also known as Apple Watch Series 7, is experiencing production difficulties, which could delay product launches and releases, the report said. This is in line with previous rumors that the Apple Watch Series 7 will have larger screen sizes, 41mm and 45mm, and flatter sides. And some parts of production need to be paused in order for suppliers to resolve this issue. Before starting to operate the machine into mass production. This isn't the first time Apple has experienced production problems, as the launch of the Apple Watch in 2015 has already happened, and with Apple not officially announcing the Apple Watch Series 7, Apple has been able to solve a variety of gameplay, including smaller shipments or postponing releases from the original plan. Apple S6 for health features believes that the Apple Watch Series 7 will not change much. This includes monitoring blood pressure, blood sugar and alcohol levels. It is likely to be seen in Apple Watch Series 8 in 2022.Source: BloombergSPONSORED
Xiaomi enters smart electric car business Xiaomi EV Inc. launched with registered capital of RMB 10 billion.|China's smartphone giant Xiaomi takes it a step further. Announcement of entry into electric vehicle business Preparing to push the automotive side full-fledged Xiao Mi Xiaomi EV Inc. announced via official web blog for the opening of a new business unit, named Xiaomi EV Inc., with a registered capital of 10 billion yuan, although Xiaomi EV Inc. has just launched as Xiaomi's newest business unit. But at this time, they already have more than 300 employees and are still trying to find new employees to realize their dream of smart electric vehicle business. Xiaomi's CEO and co-founder said that before launching Xiaomi into the electric vehicle business, he had been in the electric vehicle business. They have already prepared for the acquisition of Autonomous Technologies Deepmotion for US$77 million in a partnership with automaker Xiaomi. Indicate that some discussions have already been held. But it hasn't decided which automaker to work with for Xiaomi. This time it is the second largest smartphone selling company in the world. Second only to SamsungSPONSORED Source: Xiaomi
Microsoft sifted through the invitation to launch Surface and Windows 11 on September 22.|Microsoft announced on its official website that it will be launching a new Surface and Windows 11 operating system. Microsoft hasn't revealed much. In addition to the hashtag #MicrosoftEvent, which begins on September 22 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, coinciding with Thailand around 4:00 p.m., although the invitation does not write much description, the image on the invitation is clear that it is likely to be a new product. Of course, there are a lot of products in Microsoft's Surface range. In addition, in #MicrosoftEvent we should see another mention of the Windows 11 operating system from MicrosoftSPONSORED.
Facebook tests political news feed cuts Plans to expand testing to Costa Rica, Sweden, Spain and Ireland|Facebook has begun its previous operation to reduce its political news feed, which has been successful and is preparing to expand its testing to four other countries in February. Facebook's next goal is to put the same strategy to the test in four other countries  Costa Rica, Sweden, Spain and Ireland  after depriving the importance of political content. The next thing Facebook will start focusing on will be commentary, such as responding to the results of a survey on why Facebook is doing. This is because social media platforms like Facebook have become a hotbed of political clashes over the years, and Facebook expects that reducing the importance of political feeds will help reduce the controversy. Last week, news broke that Facebook was considering forming a committee specializing in elections and politics to be proactive in the next election in the United States.
Apple eases 30 percent fee on Netflix and Spotify after pressure|Apple Inc. has agreed to reduce the strictness of app stores, allowing entertainment companies like Spotify and Netflix to step down. Create payment gateways beyond Apple's to customers, tech giant Apple. Apple has agreed to allow payments by other means. In addition to the previously enforced payment through the app store platform, which will take effect globally next year, this policy change This means that next year, famous applications such as Netflix and Spotify can avoid being forced to pay a 30 percent fee, which is the rule of the app store. This has happened for a number of reasons, including the Japan Fair Trade Commission (JFTC) ending its investigation into app store issues, followed by the passage of anti-Google law in South Korea, as well as the movement of U.S. senators who viewed Apple and Google. Monopolizing the technology market Source: BloombergSPONSORED
Ireland fined WhatsApp 225m The latter violated EU data protection.|Facebook's subsidiary, WhatsApp, has been fined by an Irish authority. WhatsApp has confirmed it will appeal to the Data Privacy Watchdog in Ireland. The Data Protection Commission (DPC) decided to impose a fine of up to 225 million for violating WhatsApp policy on data protection policy. Failing to inform users that the personal data of WhatsApp users will be shared with the Facebook platform, the parent company of WhatsApp, is a violation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). WhatsApp has confirmed that it will appeal. Especially when it comes to unreasonable fines. The 225 million fine is the highest ever imposed, and WhatsApp disagrees with WhatsApp, a cross-platform messaging service founded in 2009. Facebook has acquired the WhatsApp business for $193 billion, with its main user base in Latin America, India, Europe and Africa.
Germany Preparing to push the European Union to rule iOS and Android mobile manufacturers 7-year after-sales service|Government of the Federal Republic of Germany Negotiations are underway with the European Union or the EU. While the EU offers only 5 years, long-term support is one of the problems for the smartphone business, especially android smartphones, which are always under pressure for delayed software updates and lack of consistency. However, a report by the Heise online website revealed that the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany will enter into negotiations with the European Union to increase the period of after-sales care for at least 7 years from the launch of that smartphone model, rather than the EU offered for 2 years. The EU's approach will come into force in 2023 and has been designed to reduce the environmental impact of smartphone manufacturing and ensure that all manufactured smartphones benefit consumers in the long run.Source: YahooSPONSORED
Apple employees launch #AppleToo campaign against harassment and discrimination in the organization|Apple employees launch #AppleToo campaign to raise their voices and share inequality and harassment within Apple employees' organizations. They are gathering to fight discrimination, racism and sexism. Apple said it had failed to address the issue, a group of Apple employees said. Apple has launched a campaign called #AppleToo, which brings together the experiences of Apple employees, past and present. To tell you about what you've been through. It is hoped that this establishment will help workers in the technology industry to take more care of the company. The initiative to set up the AppleToo campaign was launched last Monday by a group of employees, who did not disclose which department they were in or which office they worked in, saying they had been discriminated against and sexually harassed at work. Apple has banned employees from setting up communication rooms on the Slack app, claiming they don't meet Slack's terms of service. He said a large number of people affected by the above issues had sent their cases. Earlier in 2018, Google faced issues of sexual harassment, sexual harassment, racism, and even the end of the story, leading to the formation of Google's internal unions. In January 2021, Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Average views on TikTok have already surpassed YouTube in the UK and US.|The TikTok application is still hot. Later, the company analyzed the application data. "TikTok's average views have surpassed YouTube for many years, and we can say that YouTube is the godfather of video platforms. This has led to more people turning their attention to TikTok, the latest report of App Annie, an application analytics company and application industry. At this time, the average usage per user of the TikTok application has already surpassed YouTube. In contrast to TikTok, which used to have the most views at just 700 million, or at some point, it was around 1 billion. In addition, the number of users reported by App Annie is specific to Android users, not counting iOS users for TikTok, which is considered the most downloaded application in 2020, according to App Annie. Whether it's the domestic market or the international market, ByteDance can take over its grandeur.
Jeff Bezos invests in Altos Labs, an anti-aging medicine startup|Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon, has stepped down. Decide to invest in startups Altos LabsThe MIT tech review report revealed that Jeff Bezos has invested in startup Altos Labs. It aims to find out how to slow down aging, however, Bezos Expeditions, the company that oversees the investment side of the former Amazon CEO. It did not confirm or deny the news of Altos Labs' funding of technology related to anti-aging medicine. Bezos didn't just happen. As far back as 2018, Bezos had previously invested in Unity Biotechnology, a startup company founded in early 2021. Altos Labs will focus on creating a technology called reprogramming by adding proteins to cells to help cells regenerate and guide them back to their next age. There are several headquarters projects, including in California. The United States, United Kingdom and Japan for Jeff Bezos officially stepped down as Amazon CEO in July. It aims to do charitable work, acquire new knowledge, and space work Source: Business InsiderSPONSORED
Ford Motor leverages Apple Car executives to enhance technology capabilities|Ford Motor has signed a former Apple special projects executive, creating opportunities for customers and investors to see that Ford will have the technology potential to compete with rivals like Tesla. (Tesla) previously. People who are interested in technology are probably familiar with Doug's name. Doug Field, Apple's engineer and executive of a special project, is said to be developing an Apple Car. Motor moving to Ford Motor Doug Way Field will take over as Ford's head of advanced technology and systems. The field will be based on Jim Farley, President and CEO of Ford. The design and development of Ford's vehicles and lincoln's subsidiaries, as well as the development of navigation systems, driving assistance technology and vehicle cybersecurity, is highly likely that the acquisition of a former special project executive from Apple's bosom is an attempt by Ford to show customers and investors that Ford still has good potential. There is future technology for competing against formidable competitors like Tesla. As well as new competitors that may arise in the future for Doug. Field wasn't a far-fetched Ford guy because of his early career. Ford was his first job, working as an engineer from 1987 to 1993, then moving on to work as senior vice president of engineering at Tesla. Before joining Apple later, source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Facebook and Ray-Ban join forces to host smart glasses launch on September 9|Facebook and Ray-Ban have joined forces to shake up the wearable device industry and are preparing to host the launch of their first smart glasses on September 9. Join forces with Rayban, the world's leading eyewear manufacturer However, this project has been postponed from its original schedule due to the COVID-19 pandemic. But the wait for the smart glasses to be unveiled by the collaboration of Facebook and Rayban. It's over. When rayban's official website posted an image believed to be a shadow of smart glasses, it stated the date of 9 months 9 2021SPONSORED around the same time, Mark Zuckerberg. The co-founder and CEO of Facebook posted a video on his Facebook page showing him doing water activities and the appearance of a first-person camera angle. Facebook's devices seem to have been developed to focus on outdoor activities, extreme sports, and climate change. And to pave the way for the Metaverse, Facebook's new approach. In addition to being a social media platform, Source: The Verge
Twitter tests full-screen presentation of large images Start testing in iOS as the first platform|Twitter is once again active on their platform. This time, follow the user's request by displaying the image in full screen. Twitter Support @TwitterSupport posted a short 23-second video, marking Twitter's new test on the iOS operating system, showing images, files, GIFs and videos in full screen. In addition to highlighting text from tweets, which are traditional uses of Twitter, Twitter has tested the display format of images before in March, but updated in September. Twitter is still unhappy with the way images are displayed, so they've made adjustments to the way they appear now, and full-screen display of photos or videos has always been a trend. For twitter photo and video display testing, the test will be conducted among Twitter users on iOS first, after which it will be an opportunity for Android users.
Xiaomi launches Redmi 10, a smartphone for beginners, on sale starting at 4,999 baht|Xiaomi officially announced the Redmi 10, which is a smartphone that targets beginners but focuses on strong specs, going on sale today, September 9, 2021 for 4,999 baht. 8MP Ultra Wide Camera The 2-megapixel macro camera and 2-megapixel depth-of-field camera with a Redmi 10 screen size come at 6.5-inch FHD+, supporting a 120Hz refresh rate. It also includes Reading Mode 3.0 for 5,000 mAh battery eye care, 18W fast charging, and 22.5W battery charging. Available in 2 models, 4GB+64GB for 4,999 THB and 6GB+128GB for 5,999 THB.
Samsung does not renew galaxy note trademark, chances see Galaxy Note 22 fade|In 2021, Samsung announced that the new Galaxy Note will not be released. Due to a shortage of chipsets, the series may no longer be seen in 2022, as Samsung is reportedly not renewing its Ice universe trademark. Users on Twitter account @UniverseIce tweeted a picture of the trademark renewal, with the galaxy S, Galaxy Z being renewed, Samsung's two high-end smartphone series, followed by the minor series Galaxy M and Galaxy A. On the trademark renewal list Therefore, there is a chance and possibility that next year 2022 may no longer see the Galaxy Note 22 smartphone, with the permanent cessation of production of this series of smartphones. From the present Samsung has already used the S Pen as an accessory to other smartphones, as evidenced by the launch of the Galaxy S21 and Galaxy Z Fold3. Most smartphones have the same large screen size. As a result, the differences that existed between the Galaxy S and Galaxy Note are no longer the same.SPONSORED, however, so far there has been no explanation from Samsung about this point, but that has left fans of the Galaxy Note series feeling a little lost. If Samsung decides to stop developing the Galaxy Note.
Chinese Government Call Tencent and NetEase to take note of measures to organize online gaming.|Chinese Government Call two of the country's biggest online gaming providers, Tencent. Tencent and NetEase met to acknowledge the measures that the state has just enacted, as it is known at this time. Chinese Government It is in the midst of a major house cleaning, with many businesses affected. Cram School From medical to real estate, to actors and culture from abroad, one of the hardest hit industries is the gaming industry. The Chinese government has adjusted the gaming time policy for young people under the age of 18 to play online games for only 3 hours a week and only between 8 p.m. and 21 a.m. on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and special holidays. Call game providers like Tencent and Net-East. Meet to inform the service provider that the game provider must take measures to prevent young people from entering the game beyond the specified time. This is a way to protect the physical and mental health of young people, of course, in this respect, if lax gaming providers fail to comply with the policies of the Chinese government, there is a chance of severe punishment. In addition, companies in the field of technology must help each other against monopolies and must focus on driving innovation in addition to the online gaming business. Chinese authorities are putting in place new measures to regulate ride-hailing services. It was later found that some of the behaviors that Chinese authorities considered illegal, from vehicles and drivers, to handling customer information, source: ReutersSPONSORED
Sony buys Firesprite, a Liverpool-based gaming studio, to bolster its PlayStation lineup.|Sony has pulled the studio behind The Playroom into PlayStation Studios as a base for developing games for PlayStation. Firesprite has developed The Playroom for PlayStation 4 before, and has also developed games for the PlayStation VR platform. Creativity and ambition, and the playstation's hardware power can be used to develop the game. There hasn't been any announcements from Sony and PlayStation lately, so it's safe to say that Sony is constantly shopping for game studios. Before grabbing Firesprite, they had just signed a contract to buy Returnal game developer Housemarque Studios, followed by Nixxes Software, a studio that had previously deposited marvel's Avengers and Tomb Raider into PlayStation Studios.
Facebook announces "Ray-Ban Stories" smart glasses priced at 9,800 baht|Facebook and Rayban announced the launch of smart glasses, which come with the ability to take photos and videos. Of course, these smart glasses will be an important part of the company in the future. Facebook's smart glasses development project, which has spent many years molding the project, has been working on the project. Facebook's smart glasses are a joint development with Ray-Ban, the world's most famous eyewear manufacturer, which is a joint development between Facebook and Ray-Ban Stories. Whether it's about taking photos, taking videos, with microphones and speakers to listen to podcasts. Sponsored in terms of functionality, Ray-Ban Stories can be paired with the Facebook View application to share views, stories and memories with friends in the social world, as well as to all Facebook applications, as well as competitors such as TikTok, Snapchat and Twitter. Facebook is also keeping this in mind. If a user takes a photo or video through the glasses, an LED signal will be displayed to alert those around them, Facebook's intention to develop smart glasses has never been kept secret. The Ray-Ban Stories eyewear is priced at US$299, equivalent to approximately THB 9,800, and will be available through Rayban's online stores and some stores in the US, Australia, Canada, Ireland, Italy and the UK. There are around 20 different eyeglass shapes to choose from, in rayban's signature Wayfarer/Wayfarer Large, Round and Meteor styles. To be honest, it looks no different from Snapchat's glasses Spectacles, which were previously released in 2016.
Leica launches limited number of 250 Leica Q2 "007 Edition" worldwide|Leica is a well-known German camera brand. Join forces with the 007 code spy to celebrate a new adventure with the Leica Q2 "007 Edition" camera. Get the 25th James Bond movie series in No Time To DieLeica Q2 "007 Edition". The "007 Edition" is a full-frame compact camera with a Leica Summilux 28 mm f/1.7 ASPH. lens. In addition, the front cover of the camera's lens has included a gun barrel scene, which is a must-have feature in every James Bond installment, to add a James Bond 007 look to the camera. No Time To Die will be Daniel Craig's last James Bond appearance, the longest in James Bond's history of 15 years. One of the best James Bond movies of all time, Skyfall and Spectre for the Leica Q2 "007 Edition" is a special edition camera, with only 250 cameras worldwide, priced at 270,300 baht.
Xiaomi Thailand Hold up the strategy. AIoT smartphone hopes to maintain the number one smartphone brand in Thailand.|Siao Mi Xiaomi Thailand (Xiaomi) revealed that this year has exceeded expectations, confident that it is on the right track, believes AIoT devices have the opportunity to grow again because it is linked to the human life of Jonathan Kang, manager of Siaomi. Thailand Although 2021 is not over yet, it has been a successful year in many areas, especially in innovation, which has been recognized by MIT Technology Review as one of China's top 50 smartest companies. Thailand In 2021, Siaomi has introduced a large number of IT equipment into Thailand. The core of Siaomi is the smartphone business and AIoT business, with 90 percent being smartphones and 10 percent being AIoT. According to Canalys, global smartphone deliveries have risen to 2nd place with a market share of 16.7 percent, second only to Samsung. At this time, Siaomi is ranked number one in Thailand for smartphone sales in Thailand during 2021. It targets all markets including entry, mid-range and high-end smartphones, with segments at 65 percent for beginners, 25 percent for intermediate and high-end smartphones. This figure is in line with the Thai marketSPONSORED, while AIoT business is another successful business where Siaomi products are successful, led by Mi Air Purifier, followed by Wearable Device. Marketed under the Brand Mi Band and finally a smart TV. Jonathan Kang believes that the growth of AIoT devices is still likely to grow because it is a business with its own potential. It is connected to human daily life. The company aims to import more AIoT products for sale in Thailand. There is an IoT device. Approximately 374.5 million Mi Smart Home App connections
Google releases pixel 6's first teaser for first release October 19|Google is launching its first smartphone Pixel 6 on October 19. At the same time. Google uploaded an image with the caption Certified Pixel Lovers #Pixel6 #TeamPixel, which is an image of the Pixel 6 body and Material You interface.  Interestingly, it is noted that the Pixel 6 watch widget is talking about Tuesday the 19th, and when we open the calendar, it is found that the month with Tuesday falls on the 19th, there is only one month, that is, October, so there is a possibility that the Pixel 6 will be released next month.
China's Robotics National Agenda Continuing the Great Power Made in China|China's robotics industry is growing so much that it is about to occupy almost half of the world's market share. In the midst of the COVID-19 crisis, data from robotics research group revealed at the World Robot Conference 2021 predicts that China will be able to market 45% of the world's robot demand this year, more than in 2019. The increase follows Beijing's announcement that it wants the world to know about China's national agenda. Made in China 2025 strategic plan SPONSORED If you go back to the statistics of 2019. According to a news agency that reports on the movement in the robotics and automation news industry, china is the 1st largest producer of robots in the world or 140,500 units out of 381,000 units, japan is 2nd with 49,900 units, followed by the United States at 33,300 units and Thailand is 13th with 2,900 units. Chinese tech giants are not stopping, such as startups such as Padu Technology, which launched robots to help dispense medicines and food to reduce human contact. In Wuhan, Tencent Group developed a system to track infected people to prevent outbreaks, for example.
Epic Games filed an appeal after losing a lawsuit accusing Apple of monopolizing services on the App Store.|Epic Games, a well-known gaming studio and platform, filed an appeal in a lawsuit accusing Apple of monopolizing app store services after the first episode of Epic Games fell apart on Friday evening, local time. The court ruled that Apple would win a lawsuit filed by Epic Games alleging that Apple had a monopoly on app store services and that Apple would have to return the developer account to Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers. Apple ruled that it was not necessary to return the developer account to Epic Games, which Epic Games would benefit from in the first lawsuit. However, Epic Games sees the victory as a win-win, and therefore filed an appeal in apple's app store service monopoly case. But so far, it hasn't been determined what issues Epic Games will appeal, so the chances of gamers playing Fortnite on iOS are unlikely to happen anytime soon.
Chinese Government Prepare to issue mandatory measures to separate the lending business from the Alipay application.|Chinese tech giant Alibaba I'm in a bad situation again. When the Chinese government The idea is to separate the lending business from the AlipayAlipay application, which is considered one of the super apps that offers a full range of services, from payment of goods, money transfer systems to credit systems. The start of a major technology reorganization measure, which has been ongoing in the last 1-2 months, is affecting Alipay. Beijing's demand is to separate credit services and other financial services such as Jiebei and Huabei into separate platforms. Make Alibaba All user data must be sent back to the credit score reassessment company. The news caused Alibaba's shares in Hong Kong to fall by about 5 percent. He has criticized regulators, including the Basel Rules, which regulate commercial banks around the world like the Association of the Elderly, which has caused outrage among adults in the Chinese government, including Xi Jinping. The president of China was very much then in April. Alibaba fined an all-time high of $2.8 billion for its monopoly business Source: BBCSPONSORED
Apple Event Introduces Channels to Win iPhone 13 Launch|With about 13 hours left to go, Apple's biggest annual event will begin, highlighted by the launch of the iPhone 13 and Apple Watch Series 7 last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Apple has moved the Apple Event, the iPhone 12 launch event, from September to October 2020. Apple will broadcast live from Apple Park, the main live broadcast channel on Apple's official website Apple.com, Apple's official YouTube channel, and the Apple TV app. Thais will be able to watch apple events on September 15 at 00:00, while on Twitter we can also receive notifications from Apple. And if we tweet with the hashtag #AppleEvent, there will be an apple symbol in that tweet. Apple also has a few tricks for people who use iPhones or Mac computers when we use the voice command Hey siri, followed by "How do I watch the Apple event". Launch of iPhone 13 can be tried by SPONSORED
Xiaomi announces entry into the smart glasses world|Xiaomi unveiled its first smart glasses concept with a microLED display that supports photography-video and translation shortly after the launch of Ray-Ban Stories, a collaboration between Facebook and Ray-Ban. China's tech giants are Siaomi. Not indifferent. Having successfully launched the concept of developing his own smart glasses, Siaomi said that smart glasses are devices for the future. Supporting both outgoing and receiving calls, real-time text translation, navigation maps, and photography, the 5-megapixel smart glasses come with a 0.13-inch microLED display located on the side of the glasses lens. In addition, the inside of the glasses has a small chip of only 2.4mm x 2.02mm to take care of the operation of this glasses. The Smart Glasses design is designed to be in the style of normal glasses and weighs only 51 grams. As well as supporting voice commands via XiaoAI Assistant, it is undeniable that this smart glasses of Siao Mi seem to have interesting capabilities, but it is still just a concept. Because when the actual time comes, the demonstrable abilities may not be able to do or may be better than when they were just a concept.Source: XiaomiSPONSORED
Apple unveils new iPad mini 6 8.3-inch screen size and Apple Pencil support|The second product, unveiled at the Apple Event in September, is the new iPad mini 6. It also raises a selling point in terms of portability. Apple revealed that this iPad mini will have a CPU that is 40 percent faster than its predecessor, while the graphics chip is 80 percent stronger. In addition, the iPad mini has switched to a USB-C port with the same 12-megapixel front and rear cameras for the iPad mini's initial price of $499. Book now and Apple will start delivering products next week.
Apple introduces the new iPad 2021 entry, debuting at Apple Event California streaming|Apple unveils Apple Event "California streaming" with iPad for beginners, the iPad in the low-cost iPad 2021 segment for beginners. Apple's Cpu, GPU, Neural Engine is 20 percent faster than the previous one, and compared to android tablets, Apple's tablet is six times faster with a 10.2-inch display and True Tone for automatic color temperature adjustment.
Apple unveils Apple Watch Series 7 with larger size and increased screen durability|The arrival of the Apple Watch Series 7, if counted in terms of design, is a fairly big change, as the watch is about 20 percent larger than the Apple Watch Series 6, allowing Apple Watch Series 7 to print commands from the screen. Respond in case of unforeseen circumstances such as screen accidents hitting rubble or mortar according to IP6X standards, including WR50 water resistance. The case is designed with high-quality aluminium material. Apple Watch Series 7 will remain a strong partnership with Nike and Herms, starting at $399 and available at the end of the year.
Launched iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini, adjusted camera positioning and reduced notch size.|iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini officially launched The noticeable point is a smaller notch. Although Westerners believe that the number 13 is an unfortunate number, Apple has not been interested. The size of the iPhone 13 mini is 5.4 inches, and the iPhone 13 has risen to 6.1 inches on the notch, which is something that has plagued many Apple fans. Apple has added a so-called ceramic shield coating for durability, the processing chips of the iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini will be the A15 Bionic chip, which has the same number of 6 cores as the iPhone 12, but the performance is 50 percent faster and graphics processing is 30 percent better when it comes to the camera. It places two cameras in an overlapping position, measuring 12 megapixels, and adds Cinematic Mode, which can adjust focus on subjects. Under artificial intelligence learning, batteries will grow in size, as the iPhone 12 mini is hit hard by the fact that the battery is not enough to last in a day. As a result of the arrival of the iPhone 13 mini and iPhone 13, Apple reiterates that it can last for a full day.SPONSORED for iPhone 13 mini starts at USD 699 and USD 799. Many people would like to own iPhone 13 Pro Max and iPhone 13 Pro on AIS 5G network, the fastest, most comprehensive wave throughout Thailand. Book in advance from 1 Oct 21 at AIS website.
iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max unveiled, ending Apple Event "California streaming"|Apple officially announced the iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max, high-end smartphones. iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max came with faster A15 Bionic chips, especially in the graphics chip section. Apple's first iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max to adopt a 120Hz refresh rate feature after years of waiting. The iPhone 13 Pro has a 6.1-inch screen and the iPhone 13 Pro Max at 6.7 inches. At the same time, the performance of videography is something that Apple is trying to sell this very hard for, with the performance that the cameras from iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max are good enough to shoot movies. Just like the iPhone 13 mini and iPhone 13, Apple emphasizes that it lasts a full day and the battery lasts a little longer than the iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max. iPhone 13 Pro starts at $999 and iPhone 13 Pro Max is a little more expensive at $1,099. Pre-orders open this Friday with delivery on September 24th and are available in 4 colors: graphite black, gold, silver and blue.
Apple to release iOS 15, iPadOS 15 and watchOS 8 operating system updates on September 20|Shortly after the Apple Event ended, Apple announced the schedule for iOS 15, iPadOS 15, and watchOS 8 operating system updates. On September 20th, an interesting change in iOS 15 is from Focus Mode with Do Not Disturb to notifications to avoid distraction when working, sleeping or exercising. Users preparing to purchase any iPhone 13 model The default operating system will be factory iOS 15, as well as iPad 10.2 (2021), iPad mini (2021), which will come with iPadOS 15, and Apple Watch Series 7 will be watchOS 8SPONSORED.
Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11T launch "Cinemagic" elevates pro photography to smartphones|Xiaomi unveiled its new smartphones, the Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11T, as one of the high-end smartphones. In the mid-twenty thousands. Focus on pro-level photography Held a press conference to unveil the new product in virtual format, launching two smartphones in the high-end segment, the Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11T. The Xiaomi 11T Pro uses the Snapdragon 888 qualcomm processor, but the 11T will be the Dimensity 1200-Ultra media tech label. 120 f/2.2 wide angle and 5-megapixel telescope f/2.4 When it comes to photography, it must be said that Xia Mi Focusing heavily on both stills and movies, Siao Mi introduced a photography system called Cinemagic. The Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11T are equipped with time freeze, night time-lapse, magic zoom, and Audio Zoom functions to capture as much detail as possible in the sound as much as possible, as well as improving the details of night photography. On the launch stage, Siaomi claimed to be able to charge the battery from 0 percent to 100 percent in 17 minutes, for the battery to come to 5,000 mAh, for the Xiaomi 11T Pro price starts at 649 euros, for the 8GB+128GB model it costs around 26,000 baht, and the Xiaomi 11T is slightly lower at 499 euros, hitting about 20 thousand baht. In addition, Siao Mi guarantees that both 11T Pro and 11T will be updated to the new Android operating system for 3 years and a security patch for another 4 years.
Tim Cook and Elon Musk are regarded as one of the world's 100 most influential figures.|Apple's Tim Cook and Tesla's Elon Musk are ranked among the world's 100 most influential people, along with politicians, artists and athletes. In 2021, people from the tech world can still be considered influential people in the world. Led by Apple CEO Tim Cook, Tesla co-founder Elon Musk, Nvidia co-founder and CEO Jensen Huang, and Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin. Tim Cook is also a key figure in Apple's 1,000 percent jump over the past 10 years, as is Elon Musk, who is a great example of a person who has solved some of the world's most challenging problems. Vitalic Bujerin is considered to be a pioneer of cryptocurrencies, enhancing the potential of the Internet more than ever before, and making the most of blockchain.
Discord Chat Platform The company has a company value of $15 billion. After receiving a new round of fundraising|Discord Discord is a well-known chat platform for gamers. The new round of funding has returned $500 million, bringing the company's total value to $150 billion, bloomberg news agency reported. Discord revealed. The developer of the popular chat platform Inc. held a new round of fundraising with a whopping $500 million with the deal, bringing Discord's value to $150 billion before Discord launched a new round of funding. Discord is a chat platform that Microsoft was interested in and had previously offered $120 billion to join the Xbox platform, but it was rejected at the end of this round of funding talks. Discord Funded by dragoneer investment group, Baillie Gifford & Co., Coatue Management, Fidelity Management & Research Co., and Franklin Templeton, after making this massive investment, which amounted to $500 million, Jason Citron, co-founder and CEO of Discord. It said it would invest this money in creating new features and tools for users for Discord, a chat platform built to make it easy for gamers to have conversations. Founded in 2015, headquartered in San Francisco, it has more than 150 million monthly active users, covering chat, voicemail and video services.
OPPO cuts workforce by 20 percent after merger with OnePlus|OPPO is another major smartphone manufacturer from China. Reduce the number of employees by about 20 percent, which affects the software and device oppo teams. One of the world's leading smartphone manufacturers from China. The company recently merged OnePlus into OPPO, but the OnePlus team continues to be given the freedom to continue working on the merger between OnePlus and OPPO. This led to Oppo's decision to cut its workforce by 20 percent from the above points. The teams affected by the staff cuts include the software team, which develops the ColorOS interface, to the Internet of Things (IoT) team. In the joint venture between OPPO and OnePlus. As a result, the two brands share resources to reduce operating costs, but this merger creates a job overlap. Positions in research and developers (R&D) and overseas sales teams are not affected by this internal update for OPPO as a company from China. Headquartered in Shenzhen, BBK Electronics is the parent company of BBK Electronics, which in addition to Oppo, BBK Electronics is the parent company of Vivo and Realme. Source: BloombergSPONSORED
South Korean authorities fined Google $177 million The base dominates the market.|South Korea's regulator Trade Commission (KFTC) fined Google $177 million after exercising dominance over Android operating system The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) has revealed that the agency has exercised its existing powers. Google fined $177 million After the U.S. tech giant restricted competition in the smartphone market by banning local South Korean companies like Samsung and LG from customizing the Android operating system, the Android operating system customization was known as Android Forks, i.e., a modification of the Android operating system by smartphone manufacturers to give them their own original interface and functionality. Earlier in August, the South Korean government passed a law allowing application developers to make their own payment gateways. As a result, giants like Google and Apple, which own the Play Store and App Store platforms, will immediately lose the opportunity to earn 30 percent of the commissions they once earned.
Douyin TikTok application in China Time limits for children under 14 years of age are issued.|Douyin announces new guidelines that users under the age of 14 can only use for 40 minutes a day. Douyin announced a time limit for youth under the age of 14, allowing 40 minutes of use per day. The details of the use also state that young people under the age of 14 can use Douyin between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. and cannot use it outside of the specified hours. The application must be registered with a real name. Douyin's parent company hopes parents will help manage youth enrollment. The Chinese government has already knocked out youth gaming time. Children under the age of 18 are limited to 3 hours of gaming per week and can only play between 8pm and 21 pm on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and special holidays. Beijing said the announced policy was "unconstitutional". Focus on youth health To keep young people healthy both physically and mentally.Source: The VergeSPONSORED
Apple aims to launch new AirPods and iPad Pro next year|The prospect of seeing headphone products like AirPods and iPad Pro this year seems desperate, but next year the new horizon is still possible, alongside the VR and AR lineup, one of the future technologies of Mark German's Power On column. Bloomberg News Correspondent Mark German also said that next year, those who are looking forward to the newly designed MacBook Air group to Mac Pro with M Series chips are likely to see quite a bit, and the health chip update for Apple Watch Series 8 after the launch of Apple Watch Series 7 will not change much from the old model. In addition to the design side, only in the new AirPods section. It is unlikely that there will be an active noise cancellation (ANC) feature, as it will be reserved for Apple's high-end headphones such as AirPods Pro and AirPods Max. Only the stems are smaller than the source: Power on by Mark GurmanSPONSORED
IDC estimates semiconductor growth of 17.3 percent this year|IDC publishes new report This year, 2021, the semiconductor market will be expanded. It is likely to grow by about 17.3 percent and will begin to reach equilibrium by the middle of next year. Market research firm releases new report Assess the growth prospects of the semiconductor business. In 2021, the semiconductor market will grow by 17.3 percent over the previous year, which is 10.8 percent growth today. Many industries have a demand for semiconductors. From smartphones, computers, servers, smart homes, IoT games to automotive IDC. Assessing the situation, the shortage of chipsets is beginning to unravel in a better direction. This is expected to be seen in the fourth quarter of 2021 due to heavy production acceleration in recent times. When will supply and demand be balanced? IDC believes that this is likely to happen in mid-2022, but with the acceleration of production during this period, in 2023 there will likely be problems with semiconductor volumes exceeding market demand for revenue growth. IDC 5G chips saw revenue increase of 128 percent, followed by gaming consoles by 34 percent, smartphone chips by 28.5 percent, X86 server chips by 24.6 percent and automotive chips by 22.8 percent.
OnePlus CEO confirms next year's flagship smartphone uses new operating system Developed in conjunction with OPPO|The CEO of OnePlus revealed that next year will see a full-fledged collaboration between OnePlus and OPPO by combining ColorOS and OxygenOS software into one in the OnePlus 10. It won't be very clear in 2021, according to Pete Lau, CEO and co-founder of OnePlus. The campaign talks about the collaboration between OPPO and OnePlus, as well as the strategic approach of Pete Lau. The OnePlus Nord 2, launched in late July, is the first smartphone to run OxygenOS under the ColorOS interface, but the software resulting from the full combination of OxygenOS and ColorOS will take place in 2022, and the first smartphone to be given the opportunity will be the flagship smartphone. OnePlus 10 after the merger between Oppo and OnePlus Pete Lau has reportedly cut staff in software developers and device teams by about 20 percent, which Pete Lau admits is a potential outcome of a merger because there may be some overlapping parts of the work. In the second half of the year, as it always has been, it's possible that One Plus Want to throw all your energy into the flagship OnePlus 10 next year?Source: OnePlus, 9to5GoogleSPONSORED
Ming-Chi Kuo analyzes Apple, adds finger scans under 2023 display and foldable iPhone launches 2024|Celebrity analysts are evaluating future products that will take place in 2023, but the key takeaway will be in 2024, which could be Apple's first time to launch an Apple foldable iPhone. The launch of the iPhone 13 was a small change from the iPhone 12, but significant changes may begin after this. A prominent analyst at TF Securities revealed that the iPhone 15, which will be launched in the next two years, will be launched in the next two years. Apple is expected to introduce an under-screen fingerprint scanner for the first time. The iPhone 15 will remain notch-free in 2024, the year when it is likely to see the iPhone foldable for the first time and become the most important selling point of the iPhone that year.
SoftBank invests $680 million in Sorare, an NFT fantasy football gaming platform|Fantasy gaming platform Sorare has raised a new round of $680 million from Softbank, including famous footballers such as Gerard Pique and Rio Ferdinand. A lot of people are talking about NFT because it's innovative, which is famous for its blockchain era and other forms of asset ownership. NFTs have attracted a lot of attention, especially in 2020 and across to 2021, when the most attention-grabbing NFT assets were NFTs, collectibles and sports Read more: New toys NBA Top Shot touches the psychological value Given the popularity of NFTs, softbank is a giant company from Japan. Sorare decided to invest in NFTs by investing US$680 million to raise funds for Sorare, a fantasy football game platform in the form of NFTSorare, a fantasy football game based on the principles of NFTs. According to nonfungible.com, Sorare is the NFT sports platform with the most turnover in the system, with plans to open its headquarters in the United States. Sorare's fundraising campaign also includes former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand and Gerard Pique. Key defenders from Barcelona and Spain, along with Antoine Griezmann and Cesar Azpilicueta, have also invested in the fundraising for Sorare, a start-up. Headquartered in Paris, France, it was founded in 2018 with a total value of US$4.3 billion.
Oversight Board asks Facebook for an explanation on VIP issues, exempts, not content moderation.|The Oversight Board, a semi-independent body responsible for reviewing Facebook's policies, needs more information. After the news that Facebook closed one eye to VIPs. No need to go through the content moderation process last week. Wall News Agency Street Journal opens up interesting news stories. Facebook said it allowed celebrities. Politicians, public figures have been refrained from being scrutinized for posts or can skip through Facebook's moderation system called XCheck (or cross-check) after acknowledging the issue, prompting Facebook's Policy Oversight Board, also known as The Oversight Board, to start working immediately. Supervisory Board The XCheck program is a special rule set by Facebook to investigate posts that may be considered offensive to facebook users' communities from celebrity accounts. According to the Street Journal, the XCheck program has been delayed or not performing well enough, allowing celebrities and VIPs to break through the XCheck program without any consequences.
Lithuania's Ministry of Defense recommends avoiding Chinese smartphones The latter was found to have the ability to censor.|Ministry of Defense of Lithuania Revealed that smartphones from China Words are censored, especially those that are sensitive to China, Lithuania's Ministry of Defense, which is located in Europe. Issue consumer advisories to Lithuania Avoid using smartphones from China, as Defense has found censorship of phrases sensitive to the Chinese government, particularly in reports by Lithuanian cyber agencies. According to xiaomi, the flagship smartphone detects words that the Chinese government is sensitive to, such as "free tibet", "long live Taiwan independence" and "democracy movement". Lithuanian Minister of Defense China has asked Lithuania to call its ambassador to China in Beijing and China to return to China, the capital of Lithuania, to China. Allowed Taiwan to open representative offices in Lithuania. Under the name of the Taiwan Representative Office, this issue is Siaomi. A representative of Huawei, another Chinese smartphone manufacturer, told Lithuanian media that Huawei's smartphones do not send user data to third parties.
Microsoft announces Surface Duo 2 supports a larger 90Hz refresh rate than its predecessor.|Microsoft unveiled its new smartphone, the Surface Duo 2, slightly larger than its predecessor, marking another attempt by Microsoft in the smartphone business. It has a 5.8-inch screen size with a screen resolution of 1344 x 1892 pixels, which is larger than the previous Surface Duo with a screen size of 5.6 inches. Microsoft's stylus is called Surface Slim Pen 2, allowing for free note-taking and drawing. The tip of the stylus is pointed so that it mimics pen writing on paper as much as possible. Surface Duo 2 has three rear cameras: a 12-megapixel Wide camera; 16MP Ultra Wide Camera and 12MP Telephoto CameraSPONSOREDSurface Duo 2 Running under Android 11 operating system on the Surface Duo 2 processor side, using the Snapdragon 888 Qualcomm processor, 8GB of RAM available, 128GB of ROM and 256GB of 5G connectivity.
Microsoft introduces new product, Surface Pro 8, 13-inch screen size, 120Hz refresh rate |Microsoft Surface Pro 8 launches Intel powered device with versatility including 120Hz refresh rate and Surface Slim Pen 2 Surface Pro 8 comes with a 13-inch pixelSense screen size, and supports Dolby Vision and Adaptive Color Technology. The bezel has been reduced to a smaller size to allow for full screen space. Surface Pro 8 features a 11th-generation Intel Core i5 Quad-core processor and is available in the Core i7 model, with ram options ranging from 8GB up to 32GB. Shipping starts October 5 at a price of $1099.99.
Surface Laptop Studio, a high-end notebook from Microsoft launched.|Microsoft unveiled Surface Laptop Studio, a hybrid device that combines both notebooks and PCs, making it Microsoft's high-end device. Touchscreen support, 120Hz refresh rate with Dolby Vision technology, Surface Laptop Studio's body with hinges for switching modes of use as appropriate. Microsoft says surface laptop studio will have three different behaviors: laptop, stage, and studio. Surface Laptop Studio uses the 11th generation Intel Quad-core chipset, available in Core i5 and Core i7 models, with options available in RAM from 16GB and 32GB and up to 2TB of memory. Releasing October 8
Facebook nominates Andrew Bosworth as new CTO, aiming to lay the groundwork for Metaverse|Facebook lays the foundation for becoming a company that goes beyond social media. Andrew Bosworth Promotion Announcement The head of hardware takes over as Facebook's new CTO. Social media providers Mike Schroepfer has announced his retirement as CTO - Chief Technology Officer, effective 2022. Facebook's head of hardware, who is currently in charge of the Oculus and Consumer Devices project despite becoming a CTO, will continue to be in charge of hardware previously overseen by Andrew Bosworth. From hardware jobs that Facebook calls Facebook Reality Labs to engineering. Artificial Intelligence Facebook's next target It doesn't stop at being a social media company. Facebook's next goal is to develop Facebook into a hardware company that supports both augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) technologies to lay the foundation for becoming a metaverse company. The metaverse company that Facebook is trying to be is creating a virtual space. Where users can go into life. Interact with people in that virtual world at this time. Facebook's hardware devices that have come out to the public include Oculus, Portal, Ray-Ban Stories smart glasses, and at this time, Facebook is focusing on developing AR glasses and smart watches sponsored for Mike Schreipfer, who has been in the CTO since 2013.
Xiaomi rejects Lithuanian Ministry of Defense report Insist there is no censorship of sentences sensitive to the Chinese government.|Xiaomi Corp. (Xiaomi Corp.) launches counterattack There is no censorship of sentences or phrases, as recommended by the Lithuanian Ministry of Defense. Quit using Siaomi smartphones to other Chinese brands yesterday. Lithuania's Ministry of Defense advises the public that the flagship smartphone, the Mi 10T, contains censorship of words or sentences that are sensitive to the Chinese government. This code sensor is embedded in the operating system. Although the sensor system is not allowed in European countries, it can be turned on remotely at any time, a spokesman for Siaomi said on Wednesday local time that no communications were censored by users. The policy of Xia Mi will never be, never Restrict consumer behavior such as search, website browsing, and other applications, the National Cyber Center reports. It was revealed that Siaomi's smartphone had sent encrypted user usage data to a server in Singapore. Siaomi denied and insisted that the company had always complied with EU regulations for the sentences that Lithuanian authorities said were censored by Siao Mi, including Free Tibet, Long live Taiwan independence and democracy movement. Allowed Taiwan to open representative offices in Lithuania. Under the name of Taiwan Representative Office Source: ReutersSPONSORED
Personal information in Thailand is constantly leaking, being sold on the web contraband.|The Comparitech website reveals shocking information. After finding that more than 106 million databases of foreigners who have visited Thailand in the last 10 years were published on the Internet on September 20, a report by the website Comparitech revealed that the database of foreigners who have entered Thailand in the last 10 years. A total of 106 million entries were published online from the incident, cybersecurity researcher Bob Diachenko searched the database and found his name appearing in the database. It's not. Diashenko has informed the Thai authorities. however The curious point is how long this set of data has been leaked, but there is a possibility that hackers will be able to use it. This unsecured database can be accessed in a matter of hours on the Immigration Bureau. A Facebook post on the issue said that the current investigation revealed that no information had been leaked from the STAM. Anyhow. We would like to assure the public and those who are coming to Thailand that the Thai immigration system still has a secure information system. Please note that the There are measures to detect, tighten and crack down on various types of offenses, as well as to investigate Thais and foreigners who behave inappropriately. Illegal acts Pose a danger to the peace and safety of people's lives and property. The 15 million customers, who the hackers claimed to be shopee.co.th customers, were published on the Raidforums webboard on September 21, 2021. A user named torrom0s announces that this set of information includes emails, names, addresses, addresses, and addresses. It also posts examples of hacked data to show examples of Thai Rath Online. I inquired to Shopee. An e-commerce platform that claims to have leaked data. Explain that, from the audit. The information referred to in the post is irrelevant to shopee's database system. Shopee Confirm that protecting the privacy of users is an important policy of Shopee. The database was sold. It has a lot of personal information, and it could be the third and fourth time in the last 30 days at the beginning of September. Cp Freshmart claimed that 5.9 lakh CP Freshmart customer data had been leaked. The leaked data includes first name, last name, telephone number, email address, but no credit card or financial information. Identification number, date of birth, hospital name Since entering 2021, there have been several reports of data leaks in Thailand, such as January. Jasmine International, the parent company of 3BB and Mono Group, reportedly leaked more than 8 million customer data from 3BB and mono TV channels. In June, it was discovered that it had access to URLs that revealed the information of foreigners who had registered for vaccinations by the Thai government. It is unclear if there is any other information, and the website was recently closed in early September. Some of Bangkok Airways' customer information has reportedly been leaked to the public. After being attacked with ransomware, the published personal information contains name, address, etc. Passport information, telephone numbers, emails, travel information, including some credit card information and in-flight meal details for government measures relating to this. Currently, the Cabinet resolution postpones the implementation of the Personal Data Protection Act until June 2022, which is a second postponement of enforcement, and then references: Comparitech, RaidForums, Blognone [1], [2], [3], [4]SPONSORED
The European Union proposes to use USB-C as a central standard for all types of electronic devices.|All smartphone manufacturers sell their own smartphones in Europe. It is being forced by new EU rules to achieve the same standard of charging cables. The European Union (EU) is preparing to propose measures to force all smartphone manufacturers to be released in Europe. USB-C ports must be used on all types of electronic devices in this issue. Smartphone manufacturers such as Samsung, as well as Android smartphone manufacturers from China, may not be affected as many brands have already started using USB-C. Apple's smartphones continue to use Lightning, USB 2.0 ports, not even new smartphones like the iPhone 13. On newer Apple devices For example, the 6th generation iPad mini or MacBook Air both use USB-C ports for charging if the EU rules propose to use USB-C as the central standard. The electronic devices that will be affected will include smartphones, tablets, cameras, headphones, pocket-sized speakers, to portable game consoles in smartwatches and fitness band devices. Due to the size and operating conditions, it is not suitable for USB-C. This offer also includes setting a central standard for fast charging. So that all devices can charge quickly. The EU's goal of putting pressure on smartphone and electronics manufacturers to use USB-C as a central standard is to reduce e-waste at the EU's point. Because since 2009, more than 30 charging cables have been created, and nowadays most of the ports used are USB-C, Lightning and USB micro-B.
Xiaomi unveils new tablet Xiaomi Pad 5, catching people working in the Work from Home era and studying online|In addition to smartphones, Xiaomi announced the release of Xiaomi Pad 5 tablets. You can also use the Xiaomi Pad 5 as an entertainment device. Running under the Snapdragon 860 Qualcomm chip on an 11-inch WQHD+ display with a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision, TrueDisplay and built-in low blue light mode that doesn't cause eye strain for long periods of time, Xiaomi Pad 5 Featuring an 8-megapixel front camera and a 13 MP rear camera, the 8720mAh high-performance battery supports 22.5W fast charging. Available in two colors: Cosmic Gray and White Pearl, there are two models available in Thailand: 6GB+256GB: 12,990 THB and 6GB+128GB: 10,990 THBSPONSORED.
Xiaomi announces the sale of Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11T, starting at 16,990 baht and 13,990 baht.|Xiaomi announced the release of two new smartphones from the Xiaomi 11T series, the Xiaomi 11T Pro and Xiaomi 11TXiaomi 11T Pro. Presented under the concept of "Cinemagic", it is a smartphone that focuses on pro photography, and the Xiaomi 11T Pro will be the high-end model of the series. Use Qualcomm processing chips The Snapdragon 888 has 3 rear cameras. The main camera, a 108-megapixel wide lens, an 8-megapixel 120-degree ultra-wide lens, a 5-megapixel telemacro lens with One-Click AI Cinema mode, 8K, HDR+ and Audio Zoom recordings for fully captured audio recording.sponsored Xiaomi 11T Pro's screen is an FHD+ AMOLED with a 6.67-inch screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, and TrueColorXiaomi 11T Pro technology comes with a 5000 mAh battery, supporting the latest charging technology such as the 120W Xiaomi HyperChargeXiaomi 11T Pro. There are 3 rear cameras. The main camera, a 108-megapixel wide lens, an 8-megapixel 120-degree ultra-wide lens, a 5-megapixel tele-macro lens, a One-Click AI Cinema mode and Audio ZoomXiaomi 11T with a 6.67-inch screen, an AMOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate on the MediaTek Dimensity 1200 processor, and a large 5000mAh battery with a 67WXiaomi 11T turbocharge, available in three colors: Meteorite Gray, Moonlight White and Celestial Blue, officially released on October 9. Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE with Qualcomm Snapdragon 778G chipset, 5G Dual Sim support, 4,250 mAh battery and 33WXiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE fast charging system available from October 2, 2021.
Microsoft Thailand Surface Go 3 price starts at 14,999 baht, recycled mouse 780 baht|Microsoft Thailand Surface Go 3 comes with a 10.5-inch screen, a PixelSense touchscreen weighing 544 grams, a 1080p camera and DolbySurface Go 3 audio support. Microsoft believes that it will be able to capture the group of customers who are working people, as well as entertainment devices that can be carried anywhere. In addition, Microsoft has announced the release of Microsoft Ocean Plastic Mouse, a green mouse, made from recycled materials through a collaboration with SABIC (Saudi Basic Industry Corporation). Available for 780 THB
Apple insists on continuing to ban Fortnite accounts in the App Store indefinitely.|Apple has asked for a further ban on Fortnite accounts in its app store until the court proceedings end. The owner of the App Store, the application hub of the iOS operating system and Mac computers, has confirmed that the name Fortnite, developed by Epic Games, will continue to be blacklisted. After an earlier California court ruling, Apple and Epic Games have filed a lawsuit against Apple and Epic Games over the case that Epic Games has put a channel to buy products within Fortnite with its own payment system, superimposed on Apple's app store platform, which does not allow developers to create external payment channels, but only through Apple. The dispute was considered in September, although some of the areas that Epic Games won was that Epic was able to create its own payment gateway. For example, the court agreed with Apple to ban the resumption of Fortnite games on the app store, until Epic failed to show the court that Apple had a monopoly on the app store from the above points, allowing Apple to continue banning Fortnite from appearing on the app store. There's been a lot of direction, including by shutting down the payment system within Fortnite to allow the game to return to the app store. Sweetney Instead, Apple has banned Fortnite until the lawsuit is over, making it possible that Fortnite is likely to be banned from the app store for at least five years.
HMD Global Nokia G50 launches, nokia's first 5G smartphone in Thailand, priced at 8,590 baht|HMD Global Nokia brand copyright owner Nokia G50 comes with a Snapdragon 480 5G chipset with a 6.82-inch screen size with a resolution of 720 x 1560 pixels. The operating system is updated to a new version for 2 years and guarantees monthly security updates for at least 3 years. There are three Nokia G50 cameras: a 48-megapixel f/1.8 wide camera, a 5-megapixel ultra-wide camera, and a 2-megapixel depth camera. 8MP front camera WIDE-LENS SUPPORTED MEMORY COMES WITH 6GB OF RAM AND MACHINE MEMORY. The 128GB battery comes with 5,000 mAh and supports 18W fast charging, with Nokia advertising that the battery lasts for 2 days, has a USB Type-C 2.0 port in the design of polycarbonate appliances to withstand scratches, and also comes with a standard 3.5mm headphone jack for the Nokia G50, which will be officially released on October 5. Priced at 8,590 baht, it is available in one color: Ocean Blue.
Facebook temporarily folds Instagram Kids plan After encountering resistance|Facebook has suspended plans to develop Instagram Kids due to heavy criticism that it could affect the mental health of Facebook, the owner of the Instagram platform, has stopped the Instagram Kids program, an Instagram app for young people aged 10-12. After experiencing heavy resistance, particularly mental health issues in adolescents, the Instagram Kids project is now in a state of discontinuation to address parents' concerns. Because social media apps, especially apps like Instagram, can cause teenagers to worry about themselves, such as body shape or self-esteem, Instagram team leader Adam Mosseri has defended the idea of developing Instagram Kids. And today's kids are online at an early age. In the end, Instagram had to step back. Facebook is looking to develop the company in new ways, especially entering the metaverse or virtual digital world. This money is distributed to organizations and educational institutions.Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
TikTok announces more than 1 billion monthly active users worldwide.|TikTok's most popular application today announces good news, with 1 billion monthly active users. Of course, it has to be an application like Facebook. The figures were in June. Facebook recorded 2.9 billion monthly active users, up 7 percent from the previous year, while TikTok's growth was extraordinary, with 689 million monthly active users in 2020. TikTok's latest figures have reached 1 billion monthly active users. TikTok has become the most popular social media app since the covid-19 pandemic, with TikTok being an application that has successfully hit the markets of major countries of the world and many continents, including the United States, Brazil, Southeast Asia and Europe. Last month, TikTok's parent company ByteDance acquired hardware company Pico to create an opportunity to bring itself to VR platform.
Kaspersky gamer alarm finds new Trojan BloodyStealer staring at game account thieves on Steam, GOG and Epic|Kaspersky researchers have revealed that the research team has found a new Trojan called BloodyStealer. The malware was discovered in March and was posted for sale on dark web forums. The value of the malware toolkit is $40 or $10 a month, Kasperski's research team said. In fact, the targets of hackers, he said. Not just a gamer's account, but stealing accounts for resale on the dark web is a huge market with a lot of interest from customers on the web. In order not to target gamers or other accounts of these hackers and malware, first buy keys from authorized retailers, secondly, install two-factor authentication or double login. Don't just click, try calling or chatting on other platforms first for BloodyStealer's target audience to be gamers living in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific Source: Kotaku, KasperskySPONSORED
"Irene Irene" is a virtual influencer for anyone in the Metaverse.|Ai Irene is a sleek, intriguing, self-confident virtual influencer. It's being watched on Oct. 1. Ai Irene became known late last week through a press release and on SIA Bangkok's website, where she hasn't revealed much about herself. It is the first virtual influencer agency in Thailand. This business is providing virtual influencers. Embrace the concept of a new world called the Metaverse, which connects the virtual world with technology and everything created online. Ip Irene is a virtual influencer who has been created to have a metaverse human story, such as stating that he was born on Sunday, October 1, 2000, and has blood type AB. It was found that the SIA Bangkok website has just registered a domain name. On September 20, 2021, expired September 20, 2022, there is an Instagram account in both the company name SIA Bangkok with thousands of followers and ai_ailynn has more than 2 thousand followers. Because, incidentally, there are letters in the initials as well. Just switch positions. And coincidentally, October 1 is also the 31st anniversary of the 32nd anniversary of AIS launching mobile phones. And the world of the Metaverse is a target for the world's leading companies. They want to invade to create new opportunities in the business to the fullest.
Amazon Astro launches, a home assistant robot with two-wheel drive safety monitoring system|Amazon unveiled its first home assistant robot, Amazon Astro, which carries a wide range of capabilities, has a display screen, and can move around the house with two large wheels. The head of the robot has a large screen with an animation system, allowing the robot to blink interestingly. Amazon's robot has a periscope camera, which is placed at the top of the screen. It's not. The periscope is very useful for the owner to view objects that are higher, such as if they want to check if the gas stove is completely closed or if the forgotten key is on the table. The screen area, which is the robot's head, can also be used as a screen for video calls, according to Amazon Astro's specsheet. Amazon Astro is ready to comply with user orders immediately for Amazon Astro's release price of $1,499.99, but if invited by Amazon, it can be purchased for a special price of $999.99 with a free Ring Protect Pro for another 6 months.
YouTube bans videos with anti-vaccine content|YouTube has decided to remove all videos containing anti-vaccine content or misinformation about vaccines from its platform. As of Wednesday, U.S. local time. Streaming platforms like YouTube will ban videos that contain misinformation about vaccines. Or the vaccines that are available at this time. Last year, YouTube removed 1.3 lakh videos of Matt Halprin. Head of YouTube Trust and Security Misinformation about vaccines on the platform is a global problem, he said. In every culture, while the content of the video is about vaccine policy. Failure of vaccine development programs YouTube has confirmed that these content will be allowed to appear on YouTube platforms as long as there is no widely misleading content. YouTube has implemented measures to reduce the visibility of videos and channels, but without much success, leading to the eventual implementation of the ban.
SeaX Ventures invests 1.5 billion baht Increase investment in Deep Tech to speed up corporate transformation in Thailand|SeaX Ventures, a Thai national fund SeaX Ventures will focus on early-stage and growth-stage startups with deep technology in six areas: Blockchain, Foodtech, Biotech & Life Science, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, and IoT & Hardware, which are likely to grow exponentially in the future in ASEAN and Silicon Valley. Pajariyanon, Managing Partner of SeaX Ventures, said Deep Technology is a game changer that will enable businesses to increase revenue. Through joint ventures for organizations that invest in SeaX Ventures, it is considered a one-shot shot. The second is the opportunity to generate a return on investment and the third is the opportunity to create a new business with startups with Deep Technology and synergy that matches the business of the organization. 2. Strategic Collaboration Beyond Investment: Focus on investing in startups with technology that Thai organizations can collaborate and develop business and innovation together. 3. Exponential Returns on Investment: Opportunities to get a satisfactory return on investment Mr. Supachai said that over the past 3 years, SeaX Ventures has invested in more than 10 startups and plans to invest in 30 more companies, with SeaX Ventures' stake in 70 percent of U.S. startups, ASEAN startups and others. Become a cryptocurrency unicorn startup sponsored from the success of the first fund. At present, SeaX Ventures has invested more than 1.5 billion baht (as of August 31, 2021), and this year, SeaX Ventures has launched a new fund and received positive feedback from business owners and senior executives, as well as many companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand, such as institutional investors from leading organizations such as:
Activision Blizzard established a $18 million fund to compensate those who have been discriminated against in the organization.|Activision Blizzard, a leading gaming company, has announced the creation of a $18 million fund to compensate individuals who have previously been harassed and discriminated against. In order to alleviate the situation, Activision Blizzard has entered into an agreement with the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) to set up a fund worth $18 million to provide compensation to those who have been harassed or discriminated against in recent times, to subsidize women's charities in the gaming industry. Bobby Kotick, CEO of Activision Blizzard, insists that the organization will not have the space to tolerate discrimination, harassment or unequal treatment in any form, and thanked employees for showing courage in sharing their poor experiences.
Germany Cyber Agency Carry out a Xiaomi smartphone check|Germany's cyber surveillance agency A technical inspection of Xiaomi's smartphone brand from China is underway, germany's federal ministry of internal affairs. The cyber surveillance agency, he said. Decided to carry out an inspection of smartphones manufactured by Siaomi. However, until now, it has not been revealed what german authorities are investigating. The German government has also been concerned about technology coming from China. In particular, in terms of security, both in the case of 5G networks and devices, which are what governments in many countries are worried about being spied on after the news broke, Xiao Mi refused to provide any information. More this time, Xiao Mi is a smartphone manufacturer from China. It is gaining a lot of popularity in Europe, with the second quarter of 2021 seeing that Siaomi As many as 12.7 million smartphones were shipped at the same time, with Huawei's Chinese-based smartphone giant Huawei being sanctioned by the U.S. government, and its brand and greatness gradually declined until it was finally overtaken by Xiaomi last week. Lithuanian Cyber Authority Reuters has issued an advisory urging people to stop using or seek to get rid of smartphones from China because of the censorship of words or phrases that the Chinese government is particularly sensitive to, such as Free Tibet, Long live Taiwan independence or democracy movement.
United Kingdom Use DeepMind to improve short-term weather forecast accuracy.|Met Office, UK Meteorological Agency Announcing a partnership with renowned artificial intelligence company DeepMind to enhance the short-term weather forecasting sector, the event must be called the UK Connection. When the UK Meteorological Office (UK) collaborates with DeepMind, an artificial intelligence company that previously deposited masterpieces like AlphaGo and is one of Google's subsidiaries, in a partnership between DeepMind and the UK's Meteorological Department, it will improve the accuracy of short-term weather forecasts. Make predictions of storms or heavy rains. More precision This allows the public to prepare as best as possible. Because of the situation of rain, it affects many people, including people who organize outdoor events. Road traffic Air Traffic In this collaboration, DeepMind will analyze what will happen in the next two hours. How much rainfall is there, with time, location, and severity of the rain? Shakir Mohamed, a senior researcher at DeepMind, admits that the technical development of artificial intelligence is different from the previous game development because the development of weather forecasting will analyze the patterns of rain that will occur in contrast to the development of games such as Alphago or Alpha Star (AI for StarCraft). This is the point. Researchers argue that it promotes human work rather than replacing it as a concern. It has a powerful powerhouse that will help weather forecasters spend less time working. Searching for data from the original takes a very long time. It has been shortened to take less time. To increase opportunities to help people with weather issues Source: Financial Times
Samsung considers canceling galaxy S21 FE launch due to chipset shortage|Samsung, a leading smartphone manufacturer from South Korea, is likely to cancel the launch of its minor smartphone, the Galaxy S21 FE, due to a global shortage of chipsets around October. Samsung is reportedly preparing for the launch of the Galaxy S21 FE. Although the situation of the Galaxy S21 FE is not clear whether it will continue to launch or whether it will be cancelled, because so far Samsung has not expanded on this, the Galaxy S21 FE is a minor version of the Galaxy S21 main model launched in early 2021. Samsung's other customer base is the only reason to believe that the Galaxy S21 FE will be discontinued is due to a shortage of chipsets, which occur in all industries that require chipsets. This includes the gaming console, automobile, and computer industries. If Samsung were to cancel the launch of the Galaxy S21 FE, it wouldn't be surprising, because in early 2021, Samsung announced the cancellation of the Galaxy Note 21. In early September, news broke that Samsung had not renewed its Galaxy Note trademark, making the chances of seeing the Galaxy Note 22 next year fade.
iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro pre-release 8 October|Apple has already opened bookings for its new smartphone, the iPhone 13, on October 1, before going on sale on October 8. Apple https://www.apple.com/th/'s official website is also available for booking in terms of price, iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro are divided into 2 models each, for a total of 4 models. 256GB 29,900 Baht and 512GB 37,900 Baht iPhone 13 256GB 33,900 Baht and 512GB 41,900 THBSPONSORED13 Pro 128GB 38,900 Baht 256GB 42,900 Baht  512GB 50,900 Baht and 1TB 58,900 Baht iPhone 13 Pro Max 128GB capacity, 42,900 baht, 256GB, 46,900 baht, 512GB, 54,900 baht and 1TB 62,900 baht. Ordering iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro on Apple's website comes with a 0 percent interest system for 10 months, depending on the promotion of the credit card held. SPONSORED
Launch of Fairphone 4, a smartphone that loves the world Continuing to be a social technology company|Dutch smartphone maker Fairphone has launched a new smartphone, the Fairphone 4, which guarantees a two-year update to the new Android operating system and a five-year security software update, although the smartphone market for Apple, Samsung and smartphone makers from China holds the majority of the world's customer base. Fairphone has one of the companies known as social technology company, Fairphone. Workers involved in all sectors of Fairphone must not violate human rights principles. The working space must have a good environment, minimal pollution, and most importantly, the material must be easy to recycle. Fairphone will guarantee software updates for up to 5 years, while the Android operating system on Fairphone will update two interesting versions of the operating system, namely, the assembly materials, only one screwdriver can be used to disassemble the parts, allowing the owner to repair them themselves. The 6.3-inch IPS LCD screen with 1080 x 2340 pixels is compatible with dual SIM compatibility, splash and dust resistant to IP54, Qualcomm Snapdragon 750G 5G chipset, so it supports 5G wireless connectivity. Looking for this smartphone is not difficult for the price of the Fairphone 4, starting at 579 euros or about 23,000 baht, released on October 25.
Former President Trump Ask the court for the status of your Twitter account to be returned.|Former U.S. President Donald Trump has appealed to court asking Twitter to reinstate his account. After being banned in a parliamentary riot. In early January 2021, Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States, filed a lawsuit in Florida asking the court to enforce Twitter. Social media providers, platforms Trump used regularly from before he became president to his presidency in the United States. The nature of former President Trump's tweets on many occasions was colourful, but on many occasions it was full of racism and provocations during the riots at the U.S. Capitol. In early January Social media providers, platforms Donald Trump's lawyers filed a petition in the U.S. District Court in Miami on Friday asking the court to order Twitter to end the ban on Trump's account in July. He has 89 million followers.Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Apple Watch Series 7 opens October 8.|Apple has announced the launch of the Apple Watch Series 7 on Friday, October 8, at 7 p.m. PDT. Apple Watch Series 7 is now open for pre-orders. On October 8th from 7:00pm BST, Apple Watch Series 7 Apple Watch Series 7 is the most durable watch Apple has ever produced, waterproof at WR50 and dustproof according to IP6XApple Watch Series 7.
Facebook crashes 6 hours ago due to router configuration error Confirm not compromised by hackers|Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook and VR services like Oculus all experienced technical outages around 10pm before returning to normal six hours later than 5pm on October 4. Facebook has crashed and the world cannot attend the event. The reason for the crash in all facebook service networks was due to a faulty router configuration. As a result, services sourced from Facebook include Instagram, Whatsapp, Oculus and Facebook. Mike Schroepfer, chief technology officer, revealed on his official Twitter account @schrep around 5:46 a.m. local time on October 5 that Facebook's services had returned to online. But it may take some time to get back to 100 percent perfection. From small or large to families or users who rely on Facebook connections. It's only been 5 days, but it seems that Facebook is facing quite a bit of problems, both due to the fact that all of Facebook's network is offline, there is also the issue of facebook employees unfolding that the company is focused on profit, but neglects to crack down on fake news and hateful contentSPONSORED Source: BBC
Microsoft releases official Windows 11 download|The Windows 11 operating system was released on October 5th, according to Microsoft, which was previously available to users of the Windows 10 operating system. For data security, before updating to the Windows 11 operating system, users should back up the document files. In addition to Windows 11, there will be a Start Menu button moving to the center of the screen, a new menu design, Microsoft Store system, widgets, as well as the integration of Microsoft Teams into Windows 11. All users, even if they are not good at using technology, can still use it without any problems Read more: Need to return words Open the reason Windows 11 must come because Windows 10 is obsolete.
Mark Zuckerberg denies allegations Facebook cares more about profits than user safety.|Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has opened up about his Facebook post. It denies all allegations made by Frances. Haugen has become a tough and terrible October for Facebook, no less. Frances Haugen, a former Facebook employee, revealed that Facebook is a company that lies to everyone because it is a company that doesn't care about the world's biggest problems. Facebook chose to focus more on profit, followed by facebook and its affiliated services crashing for more than 6 hours. Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and co-founder, first opened up via his Facebook page. He said: "Frances Haugen's point. That accusation is untrue in Mark Zuckerberg's stance. He didn't refer to Frances Haugen's name, but indirectly implied that what she said was unreasonable, especially the claim that Facebook deliberately pushed hateful content for profit. Why is Facebook hiring so many people to fight harmful content, not even accusing Facebook of deliberately introducing hateful content on its platform? Of course, people who advertise with Facebook don't want their ads to be next to harmful or angry content, which is absolutely irrational. "Of everything that has been hit, it's been published. Mark Zuckerberg has spent time focusing on questions about Facebook's work. Specifically, the question of mental health from using an online platform like Instagram, Mark Zuckerberg pondered this hard. He wanted to create a safe and good space for all of Mark Zuckerberg's youth status after Frances Haugen testified before the U.S. Senate subcommittee.
"Sethapong" suggests balancing satellite business for the best interest of the country.|"Satellite orbit" is not the sovereignty of any country. Suggested the liberalization of competition for satellite business with appropriateness and balance for the best interest of the country on October 5, 2021. List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party As a former Vice Chairman of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) and former Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission (NBTC), he wrote an article about the issuance of business licenses to Thaicom Co., Ltd. in 2012. Article II, which Thailand signed with the treaty on January 27, 1967, states that in deep space, including the moon, stars, all objects in space, the universe is in deep space. It is not under sovereignty or possession by any one country. This includes the orbit of the Earth's orbital satellites/orbits of the Earth's equators, which are more than 350,000 kilometers above the Earth's equator. In other words, the satellite orbit is at 120 or 78.5 degrees East, which Thailand is permitted to use based on tea's consensus." Col. Sethapong identified Col. Sethapong. It further stated that the use of orbital satellites is therefore subject to mutual agreement on the basis of "first come first serve". The government agency that acts as the ITU Admin for Thailand, namely the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), before becoming the current Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES), will enter the filing process with several steps and must coordinate frequencycy. When to send a new satellite up with All operations, including launching satellites into orbit, must be completed within 7 years from the start of the process. When the Filing process is complete, you can click Ok "However, this does not mean that the orbital rights are owned, owned, or blocked from use by other Member States, so if other Member States wish to conduct space activities at that orbit and do not affect the rights of members with space objects in the same orbit, they can do so." Dr. Sethapong He said the auction of Thailand's previous satellites was a satellite orbit owned by Thailand that was allocated by the ITU. Explain that, in accordance with the principles of the Mutual Space Use Treaty, It does not give a country sovereignty over satellite orbit. Therefore, satellite orbit is not under the possession of Thailand or the Thai government. The principle is as follows: Thailand or The Thai Government Satellite orbits cannot be auctioned to raise revenue for the state. Therefore, the auction in satellite business in 1991 was an auction to allow the winner to receive monopoly protection for 8 years (Sep 34 - Sep 42) and a license to operate communication satellites for 30 years (Sep 34 - Sep 21). The winner of the auction must: Make a proposal for revenue sharing to provide a minimum income guarantee to the state in the amount of 1,415 million baht. Throughout the life of the concession, the state uses satellite circuits in the C-Band 1 transponder band throughout the life of the concession contract without compensation. The package consists of the status of the orbital access rights that are both in the process of being completed and in progress. to put the satellite into orbit at the specified time." Dr. Sethapong Identify the view that Thailand is suitable for satellite auctions because it will bring the greatest benefits to the country. Dr. Sethapong It said it was important to understand the country's interests in the context of the current liberalization of telecommunications. It is different from the interests of the country. Under exclusive state monopoly, which focuses primarily on the benefits to the state. Therefore, the country's interests in telecommunications today must balance both the interests of the state. Benefits of the telecommunications industry and the benefits of consumers Auctions in Satellite Business Month Sep 1991 may have an impact on the benefits of the industry and the interests of consumers. This is because the minimum pricing in the auction focuses on generating the highest revenue for the government, but is not in line with industry conditions, as it will hinder the satellite from being put into orbit within the ITU's specified timeframe. The right to consider moving to other countries and if Thailand wants to re-apply for this orbital right. "In the context of Thailand's current telecommunications business, under the liberalization of appropriate and balanced competition, it will be vital for the benefit of consumers. Reducing restrictions on entry into competitive markets is essential, so the operation to acquire orbital licenses should be liberalized to any operator. There is no limit to the number of market players, other than filing rights pending in the transition from monopoly to liberalization. If entrepreneurs consider that other orbits are suitable for their own business operations, they can start filing with the "First Come, First Serve" principle in line with the ITU's method of operation, which will benefit the country." Dr. Sethapong SPECIFY.SPONSORED
Apple makes short film, shares memories of Steve Jobs on 10th anniversary of death|Apple made a short film after the 10th anniversary of the passing of Apple CEO and co-founder Steve McCarthy. Steve Jobs, with a statement from the Jobs family as fast as a lie, has now passed away 10 years ago on the death of Steve Jobs. Under the celebrating film, current CEO Tim Cook, who succeeds Steve Jobs, posted a message on his personal Twitter account with the message: "People with passion can change the world for the better." SJ. Hard to believe it's been 10 years. Celebrating you today and always. Steve Jobs can't believe that 10 years ago, remember you today and forever for the short film Celebrating Steve. Apple.com Read more: Tim Cook's success is a memorial to Steve Jobs.
Google announces pixel 6 launch event on October 19|Google has already tapped the launch dates of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, choosing October 19, to unveil its newest flagship smartphone. For Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, after a long wait, the launch of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro will remain online as before. The event will begin on October 19 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time. At midnight on October 20, the highlight of the launch of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro was that Google first developed its own chipset called Tensor, which Google guarantees to be fast, powerful, intelligent and secure.
Facebook writes a blog explaining why the platform crashed for 6 hours.|Facebook has revealed via its official web blog about the platform crash. The facebook crash was a highly talked-about issue, with facebook yesterday clarifying that the cause of the platform crash was caused by a faulty router configuration that led to the crash of Facebook's data network until October 5, local time in the United States. Facebook Engineer's official web blog explains more about the cause of the platform crash that occurred on October 4. The blog's vice president of engineering, whose blog author wrote more details about the October 4 outage, explained that the beginning of the crash was caused by Facebook's engineers. Facebook has designed a system to monitor the use of commands to prevent errors, but this monitoring tool has a bug and therefore cannot stop the operation of the command. Backbone is the backbone of Facebook's network to connect all computers, which includes tens of thousands of miles of fiber optics, and facebook's entire data center. Continue to write: Failure. Every mistake that makes a mistake will be an important opportunity for us to learn and improve. The engineer's job is to make sure that this doesn't happen easily.
Instagram rebrands IGTV under its new name Instagram Video|Instagram, a popular social media platform, has been rebranded in the IGTV section under the new name Instagram Video. Adam Mosseri, Head of Instagram's Products Department Facebook's subsidiary has revealed new ways of its Instagram platform, its goal after this is to become a more video-focused platform. The video content section on Instagram will be rebranded as Instagram Video to highlight the video platform, the main reason for the rebranding. The rebranding of Instagram Video will not involve Reels, a short video feature that Facebook developed to compete directly with TikTok.
Twitch admits to being hacked, with up to 125GB of sensitive data leaked to the public.|Twitch, a streaming platform for famous gamers A subsidiary under Amazon was experiencing sensitive data leaking to the public on Wednesday, U.S. local time. The tweet confirmed that the company is facing a large amount of sensitive data leaks. This includes the source code of the tweet and the history of payments to streamers who have partnered with the tweet over a period of several years. It has been estimated that the hacked data is likely to have a combined file size of up to 125GB, which is a big deal, and Twitter is investigating the origin of the Hank Schless issue. Senior Manager at Lookout, a cybersecurity company Provides information that in hacking companies, hackers often use phishing methods to trick data or access rights before removing sensitive information from the system in the user section with a tweet account. It is necessary to install two-factor authentication to ensure that if an account is at risk of being hacked, it must at least pass SMS authentication or through an authentication application: The GuardianSPONSORED
Telegram has increased by 70 million users during Facebook and Whatsapp crashes.|The popular chat app Telegram suddenly gained 70 million users without realizing it. After Facebook and Whatsapp crashed, the service was not telegram. According to Facebook, Network faults have caused services under Facebook's supervision, from Facebook, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp to Instagram. But Facebook's problems created a very good opportunity for Telegram. Another popular chat application. With as many as 70 million tech refugees from this incident, Telegram is a chat application that has always insisted on prioritizing the privacy and security of its users. Telegram's co-founder Pavel Durov is not the first time telegram has been involved. There are a lot of immigrants. Users of WhatsApp are concerned about Facebook's new privacy policy. As a result, Telegram had 25 million more active users during that time before the creation of the Telegram platform. However, VKontakte became the main platform used by Russian government protesters as a platform for communication, leading to the intervention of Mail.ru companies close to the Russian government and eventually the purchase of the social media business VK. They believe that major platforms like Twitter and Facebook are censoring their opinions, as well as pro-democracy activist groups in countries such as Belarus, Hong Kong, Iran and Thailand.
Facebook plans to test new Take a break feature warns teens to avoid harmful content|Facebook's top executives have revealed new measures that Facebook will adopt after this, particularly to warn of content that is harmful to teenagers. Nick Clegg, Facebook's vice president of global affairs; Instagram is planning to introduce new measures to warn teens against harmful content and alert users to take a break, known as Take a break, from Clegg's platform. The notification system, he said, is based on the fact that teenage users are viewing harmful content over and over again. Facebook's system reminds them to watch other content. Facebook has not yet clarified when it will start testing on the Instagram app, saying only that he is open to the idea of giving regulators access to Facebook's algorithms used to amplify content display, but Clegg did not provide an answer to the question of whether Facebook's algorithms have resulted in an invasion of the U.S. Capitol. On January 6 or not last week, Facebook became a major social issue in the U.S., particularly when former employees came forward to claim that Facebook was profiting by ignoring its crackdown on fake news, hate content, and Instagram was one of the reasons for the teen's self-insecurities, followed by questions from Democratic senators. Questioning whether regulations should be added to regulate tech companies, especially those like Facebook.Source: Reuters, The VergeSPONSORED
Xiaomi Redmi 9c 2021 available in Thailand priced at 4,499 baht|Xiaomi announces the release of the new Xiaomi Redmi 9c beginner smartphone for 2021, priced at 4,499 baht in Thailand. The 5-megapixel Redmi 9c comes with a 6.53-inch dot drop display and built-in low blue light mode, helping to relieve eye strain from using the smartphone's chip processor from MediaTek Helio G35, a model tuned to please gamers. Xiaomi Redmi 9c is available in 4GB+ ROM128GB RAM available in 3 colors: Midnight Gray, Sunrise Orange and Twilight Blue.
Frances Haugen Accept the invitation of the Oversight Board, Facebook's independent board.|Frances Haugen, Facebook's disclosure of key information on the issue of neglect of user safety and choosing to focus solely on profit, will speak to Facebook's independent Oversight Board to provide more information on the official website of the Oversight Board, Facebook's independent committee, which examines policies aimed directly at giving power to Facebook. He said the supervisory board will meet with Frances. Haugen will soon be in talks between the Oversight Board and Frances Haugen. The main topic of discussion is expected to be the greater transparency and accountability of Frances's personal Facebook and Twitter. Haugen @FrancesHaugen similarly revealed that she had accepted an invitation from Facebook's independent committee. Before reiterating that Facebook has repeatedly lied to the independent board and that she is looking forward to revealing the truth to the SPONSORED Frances board. Haugen is a former product manager at Facebook. She has worked for a number of big companies in the tech world, including Google and Pinterest, and her goal is to help the company fight the spread of misinformation on its platform. Although Facebook already has the tools for the Oversight Board, it began to take a role in looking at Facebook's policies in December 2020. The board is made up of independent members from around the world, and its decisions are binding on all Facebook policies. Declined to provide further information on this issue Source: Oversight Board, CBS News
Pixel 6 guarantees 5 years of security software with Magic Eraser feature to remove people from images.|Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro launch dates are approaching. Google Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, Google's smartphones, are set to launch on October 19. A report by the 9to5Google website reveals that the Pixel 6 will come with a featured feature, called the Magic Eraser. When a user takes a photo and accidentally takes it with someone we don't know. This tool can be used to remove unwanted people from images. With just a few taps of commands at the same time, pixel 6 and pixel 6 pro are very likely to be guaranteed to release security patches to users for at least five years from the first day of release, meaning that the Pixel 6 will be maintained by Google until 2026. It has a 12-megapixel ultra-wide lens. If it's the Pixel 6 Pro, it has a 48-megapixel telephoto lens. In addition, The Verge report revealed new data that Google will do something similar to Apple One by combining services such as YouTube Premium, Google One, Play Pass and Google Fi into a monthly service called Pixel Pass.
Head of UK Cyber Unit Russia reveals ransomware attack stronghold|UK Head of Cyber Identify ransomware attacks as Linda's deadliest threat. Cameron The head of the National Cyber Security Centre said ransomware is the most serious threat facing the UK. And countries close to the cybersecurity center's issues are in line with microsoft's report released on its official weblog on October 7. Most of the cyberattacks came from Russia, it said. Followed by North Korea, Iran and China. The number of attacks coming from South Korea, Turkey and Vietnam has increased significantly. Microsoft's report, covering July of 2020 to June 2021, typically infiltrates the organizations that are their targets. Once the information is accessed, the hacker will specify the amount of money that is needed and may threaten the victim that the hacked information will be released on the dark web. However, in many cases, even after the ransom is paid, the hackers do not fulfill their promises for a group of hackers who are famous for using ransom software to attack companies. At this time, the name of REvil group is considered the most famous, it is believed that this group of hackers lives in Russia Read more: Why ransomware outbreak is heavy, can you trust hackers? If you agree to pay the ransom, ask for the return of the information source: The Guardian, MicrosoftSPONSORED
Instagram tests notification system on application In case of service downtime|Instagram, Facebook's photo and video sharing platform, solves games in case the platform's system crashes. With an application notification dating back to October 4, 2021, it was an incident in which all of Facebook's affiliated services, including Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and virtual reality services such as Oculus, went down and became unavailable. Instagram, one of Facebook's most popular platforms Instagram is currently testing a notification system on the Instagram application to alert the server status in the event of a technical glitch and the service at the same time. If everything is in a state back to normal. Instagram will fire notifications into the system in this test application. Testing is still limited to the United States and will be extended globally in the future. When everything is ready, it activates this notification system as soon as it comes: InstagramSPONSORED
Twitter adds Remove a followers feature, a new way to block soft followers|Twitter has added a new feature for users on its Twitter website, Remove a follower. The user does not have to block the user. In the process of removing followers, go to profile and click on Followers, select the three dots menu followed by removing this followers. But users don't see tweets from people we soft block. The Remove a followers feature is what Twitter believes users should have more control over their platform experience. To reduce harassment issues for this feature. Twitter is now available to users around the world, including in Thailand. This feature is only available on Twitter. On the application, the source is not supported: The VergeSPONSORED
Apple cuts iPhone 13 capacity by 10 million units The reason is because of a shortage of chips.|Anyone who is waiting for the iPhone 13 in the lot after this may experience delays due to Apple's plans to reduce its production capacity. This was due to a shortage of chipsets, bloomberg news agency reported. He said that the world is still experiencing a shortage of chipsets. As a result, mass production of smartphones and high-tech devices has failed to keep up with consumer demand. Apple is ordering a production cut of up to 10 million units, lowering its iPhone 13 shipping target this year. Texas Instruments is the company that produces the screens, while Broadcomm produces wireless network chips. The products that caused delivery delays were those in the iPad and Mac segments, but now the problem has hit the iPhone 13, Apple's main treasure trove, and the Apple Watch Series 7, which has little capacity.
Facebook has issued a policy to limit private conversations in hopes of reducing document leaks.|Facebook is preparing to introduce a new policy for employees by offering private discussions to reduce the likelihood of leaked documents, which has become a problem that the media calls Facebook Files. The Wall Street Journal has called this issue Facebook Files. Facebook has proposed that employees talk in a private manner. There are restrictions on how many people can access discussion topics on each issue, but it's unclear what conditions or measures will be put in place to reduce the chances of leaking documents. Commenting on The Times, he said there are support staff on Facebook's new policy. Some people disagree because they feel that there is a lack of transparency and collaboration. There may also be issues that if an employee is dissatisfied with something, the document can be disclosed externally, Facebook spokesman Andy Stone said. Due to leaked documents, Facebook's teamwork has become more difficult. As a result, Facebook employees working on sensitive issues. There is a risk of being misleading. When the matter reached the ears of outsiders for the movement surrounding Facebook after this, Frances Haugen met with Facebook's oversight board, which Frances Haugen tweeted on her personal Twitter account that she was looking forward to talking to the board. To provide information on what Facebook has lied and deceived in front of the committee Source: New York TimesSPONSORED
Microsoft shuts down LinkedIn service in China For reasons of Beijing's austerity.|Microsoft has already decided to shut down its own job search service LinkedIn in China, citing the chinese government's tightening of the high-tech job search service LinkedIn, which provides services around the world to China. It has been decided to discontinue service in the Land of the Dragon. by Microsoft As the owner of the platform admits, it is because of the challenging practical environment. Senior Vice President of Engineering, Microsoft "The closure of LinkedIn in China is true, but Microsoft will replace it with a new service after this. It is the only recruitment service. There are no social media related features known as InJobs. The Chinese government has set a deadline for Microsoft to make changes to LinkedIn's service structure as it tightens internet content, particularly for companies from overseas. There is a lot of tightening in tech companies because the Chinese government sees them as monopolizing trade and collecting huge amounts of user data. As a result, the Chinese government is becoming particularly sensitive, with the view that these high-tech companies LinkedIn first launched its services in China in 2014, and it is one of the few Western services that have survived the ban by Beijing. All social media services from Facebook and Twitter have been banned for more than 10 years. It's no different than Google that withdrew its anchor from China in 2010.
Behind EA Sports' FIFA renaming because royalties are up to $1 billion|EA Sports, the developer of fifa's football game, which is currently releasing a new fifa 22 game, has been reportedly preparing to change the game's name as FIFA charges up to $1 billion in royalties, the New York Times reported. Fifa, as the owner of the rights to the fifa game name developed in partnership with EA Sports, has faltered as FIFA has submitted a new contract offer to EA Sports. The proposal states that FIFA wants $1 billion for the renewal of the license within a four-year contract period, in line with FIFA's World Cup cycle. This makes negotiations difficult. Besides the money that cannot be agreed upon. In terms of the needs of EA and FIFA, there is also an irrational part of the negotiations: the EA sports side. There is a desire to expand by integrating FIFA game franchises into new services by adding football highlights or creating digital products like NFTs. Esports football games should be in the nature of games alone. Talks between FIFA and EA will resume before the end of 2021, but if FIFA and EA negotiations fail to reach an agreement, they will be able to reach an agreement. EA has already prepared a way to escape by copyrighting the name that will be used as the name of the game in the future in some regions, and the name that appears on the media page is EA Sports F.C. If the negotiations between FIFA and EA come out in a negative direction. At present, EA holds more than 300 major licenses for the development of football games, including those licensed by UEFA (UEFA), Champions League, FIFPro, an international professional footballers' union.
HTC launches Vive Flow, a VR headset device with compact and lightweight features|HTC announces new VR headset device called Vive Flow for US$499 Highlighting its compact size and light weight, the launch of HTC Vive Flow marks a new approach to HTC. The main focus is on meditation and brain training, especially Vive Flow. 3.2K resolution (1,600 x 1,600 pixels per side) The 2.1-inch screen has a maximum refresh rate of 75Hz with a 3D surround view of 100 degrees, RAM and ROM supplied at 4GB+64GB respectively. The unit also weighs just 189 grams for easy portability, and when used, it doesn't feel too heavy on the head.sponsored other elements of Vive Flow have Active Cooling to help cool during use, as well as connectivity to Android P smartphones and above at this time. Vive Flow is now available for pre-order at US$499, equivalent to approximately THB 17,000, starting in November Source: HTC ViveSPONSORED
TSMC builds new chip factory in Japan Chip shortages are estimated to last until 2022.|TSMC, a major semiconductor manufacturer Announced plans to build a chipset factory in Japan The chip shortage will continue until 2022. One of its key customers is Apple, which announced the establishment of a chipset plant in Japan and is ready to go on production in late 2024. It will focus on the production of old technology chipsets, which are currently in short supply, such as in-car control systems, airbags, seat belts and energy management chips in iPhones. In addition, TSMC believes that the construction of a new factory will help prevent a shortage of chipsets that may occur in the future, while the shortage of chipsets TSMC estimates that the demand for chipsets will remain high in 2022 before the situation begins to improve in 2023.
WSJ reveals Facebook manages hate speech by just 5 percent.|The Wall Street Journal said Facebook's artificial intelligence system is only 5 percent capable of handling verbal abuse, but Facebook is in fact capable of handling up to 50 percent. Street Journal publishes new article By grabbing Facebook once again. The main theme of the article is to question the effectiveness of artificial intelligence that Facebook has developed that ultimately handles hate speech very little. This is compared to the documents that Frances Haugen, a former product manager who brought the matter out. It found that Facebook's artificial intelligence can handle only 3-5 percent of hateful content, and even worse, if it is violent content, it can do worse. It caught just 0.6 percent of the wall. The Street Journal went on to report that, in fact, Facebook's artificial intelligence Racist content cannot be consistently identified. There is also the problem of not being able to distinguish content such as cockfights and car accidents. Facebook, led by Guy Rosen Facebook's vice president of ethics wrote a blog titled "Hate Speech Prevalence Has Dropped by Almost 50% on Facebook". The Street Journal claims that Facebook has actually reduced the display of hateful information on its platform by nearly 50 percent in the last three quarters. He said that the leaked documents were an attempt to convince the public that Facebook's artificial intelligence was effective in handling verbal abuse, and stressed that Facebook does not want to see hate messages on the platform, including users and customers who advertise, and that Facebook is transparent about removing those content.
Apple unveils HomePod mini and AirPods 3 at Apple Event Unleashed|Apple has unveiled its 3rd generation AirPods alongside the new coloured HomePod mini, and Apple Event Unleashed has been unveiled as expected. When it comes to design, it seems that Apple is trying to design it to suit all wearers. Strong plastics are used for durability. In addition, the stems are smaller in size than AirPods (3rd generation). According to IPX4, the battery lasts for 6 hours continuously, but if you count the case to 30 hoursSPONSORED in terms of capabilities, Apple has added something called Adaptive EQ, which will help adjust the sound to suit the ears of each user. To achieve full sound quality at once. The AirPods Gen 3 will be available for pre-order today and will begin delivery next week at 6,790 baht. Blue and yellow for miniature assistants Entertain in the bedroom office Living room or restaurantHomePod mini It is available for $99 for $3,400 and is available in November for international use. Thailand has no release date.
Apple unveils MacBook Pro 14 and MacBook Pro 16 with M1 Pro and M1 Max powerhouse chipsets|Finally, it's the time for the Apple Event Unleashed hero: the launch of the MacBook Pro, which will come with two models, MacBook Pro 14 and MacBook Pro 16, starting with the MacBook Pro 14, which will have a screen size of 14.2 inches with a resolution of 3024 x 1964 pixels. ProMotion technology supports a 120Hz refresh rate display, but the front camera area of the unit has a notch, but it is exchanged for a thinner bezel with a thickness of 3.5 mm on the keyboard. Apple has replaced the physical keyboard with the touch bar, and the design of the MacBook Pro 14 body has focused heavily on a number of ports, from Thunderbolt, SD Card, headphone jack, HDMI and MagSafe 3. With a screen size of 16.2 inches with a resolution of 3456 x 2234 pixelsSPONSORED, the connectivity ports of the MacBook Pro 16 are similar to those of the MacBook Pro 14, with HDMI, Bolt, SD Card ports, 3.5mm headphone jacks, and MagSafe 3. The difference between these two models lies in the capacity of the SSD, which is divided into 512GB and 1TB respectively. For models with the M1 Max chip, the price jumped to 124,900. Apple has launched two models, the M1 Pro and M1 Max, each of which is compatible for applications requiring high computing power. Supports up to 32GB of RAM, supports two external monitors, and plays up to 20 streams of 4K ProRes video, while the M1 Max chipset is even stronger, with bandwidth traffic of 400GB/s. Supports up to 64GB of RAM followed by support for 4 external monitors and up to 7 streams of 8K ProRes video.
Telegram has over 1 billion downloads on the Play Store.|Telegram, the famous chat app, has become one of the most downloaded applications worldwide on the Play Store, having previously downloaded more than 1 billion times. Applications with over 1 billion downloads Most of the services come from Facebook, whether it's Instagram, Messenger, or even WhatsApp, but now there is another competitor that has stepped in, which is Telegram. In the event that all of Facebook's services went down and became unavailable on October 4, a technological evacuation occurred, and Telegram was the destination for internet users. Telegram is an application that can be installed on multiple devices, in contrast to WhatsApp, which allows only one device to be installed. This makes telegram use seem to be a more attractive solution. Telegram is also an application with endless development of features. Almost every month, there are always new toys for users to try out. That doesn't mean that there are 1 billion users of the Telegram app every day. Telegram has around 550 million monthly active users. The number of downloads of 1 billion is a huge number, and it is a number that is not easy for any application to do. Source: 9to5googleSPONSORED
Apple announces the release of its innovative "screen wipes" at a price of 700 baht.|In addition to the release of MacBook Pro 14 and MacBook Pro 16 to AirPods 3, last night Apple is releasing a new product, the Polishing Cloth, at an extraordinary price of $19 after the launch of the Apple Event Unleashed. This time, it's a product that many people don't expect: the launch of Polishing Cloth, a polished cloth for wiping computer screens to the iPhone 13 Apple screen. Interestingly, this polished fabric is made of soft materials that will not cause marks or abrasion, and will safely and efficiently clean the screens of all Apple products. on the website for ordering this product. Apple has included a few jokes, stating that the polishing cloth is compatible with many of Apple's products. Polishing Cloth is considered quite high, with Apple setting the selling price at 19 US dollars, equivalent to about 700 baht.
Google launches new flagship Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, featuring eco-friendly design and camera features|At the Pixel Fall Launch hosted by Google They have already launched new flagship smartphones, the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro. Focusing on strong specs, green materials and a five-year support guarantee, Google hasn't made much of a hint about their flagship smartphone for 2021. Google tried to say that the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro were a major change for them in the smartphone business. In terms of processing performance, Tensor is up to 80 percent better than the Pixel 5, the Pixel 6 comes with a 6.4-inch screen size, FHD+ resolution, supports a 90Hz refresh rate, but the Pixel 6 Pro has a 6.7-inch screen size, QHD+ resolution, and supports a refresh of 120HzSPONSORED on the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro cameras. Google claims that the new camera sensor captures up to 150 percent more light than the Pixel 5. Photography is also sharp. No blurring This is because Google has a so-called Face Unblur, which records a large number of images with each shutter release. To get the sharpest image The Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro have the same ultra-wide lens at 12 megapixels, but the difference between these two models is that the Pixel 6 Pro adds a tele camera, which has a resolution of 48 megapixels, and the front-facing camera, where the Pixel 6 has an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The field of view is 84 degrees wide, but the Pixel 6 Pro will be an 11-megapixel camera. At a wider angle of 94 degrees in terms of design, the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro are waterproof and dustproof according to IP68 standards. In order not to annoy the owner of the device when seeing his mobile phone scratched by various situations, the last is a matter of guaranteeing a safety patch. In summary, the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro will get a new version of Android until 2025, android 16, and update the security software until 2026. Before delivery begins on October 28, the pixel 6 starts at US$599 and the Pixel 6 Pro is a little more expensive at US$899.
Facebook plans a major rebranding, aiming to become a Metaverse company.|The source revealed Facebook. Facebook's rebranding is believed to take place over the next week, changing the company's name to signify being a metaverse company and demonstrating ambition. At Facebook's annual conference called Connect conference, which will take place on October 28, it is possible that the company is under Facebook's supervision. Facebook, with more than 10,000 employees, is working to develop AR devices to bring the company into reality in the metaverse world. In support of the creation of the metaverse in Europe, including previous changes in technology executives, Andrew Bosworth was appointed chief technology officer (CTO) alongside the head of AR and VR development. It's not uncommon, as we've seen in the past when Google established Alphabet as a holding company. Take care of subsidiaries like Google. This is what Google is about to say that Google is no longer just a search engine, a Facebook spokesperson said. Refusing to provide information on this subject, read more about the metaverse: Source Metaverse 101 Why IT giants are so alert to metaverse Where did China go, amid a heavy chase for high-tech companies Source: The Verge, BBCSPONSORED
OPPO aims to develop its own chipset for its flagship smartphone.|OPPO is a major smartphone manufacturer from China. Continue to produce its own chipsets to feed the flagship smartphones. Reduce reliance on foreign semiconductor manufacturers The world's 4th smartphone manufacturer There are plans to develop its own chipsets, as hardware manufacturers have recently begun developing their own chipsets. As can be seen from the movements of Apple and Google. Samsung has been producing its own chipsets for years, which is why Oppo became interested in developing its own chipsets. This is due to the Chinese government's approach. It is the policy of companies in China to reduce their dependence on foreign countries as much as possible. It is possible that OPPO will start developing its own chipsets as early as 2023 or later in 2024. Oppo Representative NikkeiSPONSORED declined to comment on the matter, saying only that the company's main approach is to create the best products for consumers sourced: NikkeiSPONSORED
Samsung sends Galaxy Z Flip3 Bespoke Edition, customizing the color of the unit to your liking.|Samsung unveiled a new smartphone from Galaxy Unpacked Part 2, the Galaxy Z Flip3 Bespoke Edition. Samsung will unveil the Galaxy Z Flip3 last August, but the colors of Phantom Black, Green, Lavender purple, cream, white, pink and grey may not be very pleasing to customers, leading to the launch of the new Galaxy Z Flip3 Bespoke Edition. As well as modifying the color of the upper and lower housing, the cost will vary depending on the user's customs. Starting in November, the main purpose of developing the Galaxy Z Flip3 Bespoke Edition is to enable the technology to reflect the identity and personality of each user. Because technological devices such as smartphones are something that stays with users all the time, believing in the day. Therefore, galaxy z flip3 bespoke edition and in the future it will have the opportunity to appear to other devices as well. Samsung is expected to pilot services in South Korea, the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Canada and Australia. Bespoke for Galaxy Watch4 as well.SPONSORED
PayPal negotiates to buy Pinterest for $39 billion|PayPal (PayPal) is in talks to find a possibility to acquire Pinterest. PayPal sees the benefits of this acquisition as benefiting from online shopping. Negotiations are underway to look for opportunities to acquire Pinterest. The value that PayPal handed over to Pinterest amounted to $39 billion, a company that was on the stock market following the news of the acquisition. Currently, Pinterest is a social media service provider for sharing photos, before expanding its services to image search and e-commerce with more than 478 million regular users each month.
Former President Trump Launched its own social media called Truth Social.|Former President Donald Trump has been banned from major platforms like Facebook and Twitter. Launched its own platform called Truth Social after previously saying that it would develop its own social media platform. Former President Donald Trump has finally launched his own social media platform called Truth Social. It is an application in the iOS operating system, the interesting point is a screenshot of the Truth Social application, it can be seen that the interface of the application is similar to Twitter. Jack Beard users on the screenshot were also deliberately referring to Jack Dorsey, Twitter's current CEO. Former President Trump has been banned from Facebook and Twitter, a social media platform used by Trump to communicate with his supporters, and to report stories. The movement can be viewed through a web blog called From the Desk of Donald J TrumpSource: The Guardian
Intel CEO believes chipset shortages will last until at least 2023.|The shortage of chipsets is likely to continue to be a problem for many parties to be affected for many years to come. Intel's CEO estimates that in 2023, the shortage of chipsets will continue to be a major problem. Intel CEO Gelzinger Intel's Q3 earnings statement said the chip shortage will be a long-lasting problem and that the world will face it in an interview with CNBC. He admits that it is a dire situation for the company now, but we will gradually make it better, although the supply-demand problem will remain a problem until at least 2023, despite Intel's pessimistic view of the chipset shortage. But Intel's competitors, AMD, led by CEO Lisa Su, estimate that the chipset shortage is likely to improve in 2022 as production capacity increases and the problem is gradually subsided. Intel This year, Intel has invested more than $20 billion, including investments in semiconductor manufacturing facilities in Arizona.
Twitter has enabled Twitter Spaces to the general public.|Twitter users, whether iOS or Android, can now create Twitter Spaces, previously limited to having 600 followers, now unconditional after testing the service since November 2020. Creating a room for Twitter Spaces is limited to having 600 or more followers. This restriction was eventually lifted. On the official Twitter Spaces or @TwitterSpaces Twitter account tweeted about the arrival of Twitter Spaces, where regular users can now set up a room, which will support both iOS and Android operating systems, after Twitter Spaces has been available for some time, Twitter has gradually released updates on capabilities such as co-host features, ticketing spaces, and a program fund that will support creators like the Spark Program.
Gartner unveils NFT, Physics-Informed AI and Digital Humans, technologies to watch for 2021|Gartner reveals NFT, Physics-Informed AI and Digital Humans as one of the technologies to watch in 2021 Brian Burke, Vice President of Research at Gartner, assesses NFT, Physics-Informed AI and Digital Humans as one of the emerging technologies of 2021. Leading auction company Christie's has launched an auction of two masterpieces. The auction is open to cryptocurrency and also offers digitally created artworks using non-fungible token (NFT) technology. NFT technology is considered a unique blockchain-based digital asset linked to real-world assets such as digital art, digital music, as well as tangible assets converted into token coins such as homes or cars. NFTs use public blockchain that cannot be modified or modified. NFT is now one of the emerging technologies added to Gartner's emerging technology development cycle in 2021, demonstrating that there are 25 cutting-edge technologies that will have a major impact on business and society over the next two to ten years. With organizations focused on digital transformation, you need to accelerate your transformation and overcome these trending technologies. In 2021, it was selected considering the potential to benefit change and its broader impact. Under 3 cores Engineering trust IT team as a leader in digital business transformation They must design and develop the core of their business to be confident. These practices build a flexible core and business foundation for IT to continue delivering business value. It's a great place Public safety organizations will have a way of collecting databases, sensors, videos, and have their own communication systems to build an emergency command center. There are more diverse applications such as wildfire management. Natural disasters And especially in response to the pandemic, the main challenge of this technology is the cooperation between relevant agencies. All data (e.g., basic data, IoT radio, bulk alerts, license plate readers, and geolocation tracking) usually belongs to a particular agency. However, the real-time incident command center that is this service can also be improved and developed to respond to emergencies. "Engineering reliability" includes Sovereign Cloud, Homomorphic Encryption, and Data Fabric. IT and CIO leaders must focus on new initiatives to drive growth for the organization, balancing technological risks with business risks, and ensuring that the growth goals of the organization remain feasible and will be achieved as planned. Digital humans, which represent people digitally, provide opportunities for licensed individuals and open up new ways to earn money. They can be avatars. This type of interaction is powered by AI technology, with humanoid behaviors developed from technologies including UI, CGI conversations, and automated real-time 3D animation. Covid-19 has pushed the potential of technology and opened up contactless experiences. To combat social isolation and care for the elderly. Digital humans have appeared in documentary films. Exhibit at conferences and act as a brand influencer. In addition to underdeveloped technologies, there are social barriers and ethical concerns that hold back and challenge digital humans, but the potential for impact and business differentiation is driving some organizations to pursue this technology. The key is that we must be aware of disruptions and adopt technology to customize and deal with anything that may cause turbulence. For example, Physics-Informed AI (PIAI) technology is AI that can be used to create physical and scientific models. PIAI has received special attention as an increasingly effective option for modeling in complex systems such as climate and environmental issues, which are difficult to model when considering the details. COVID-19 But PIAI creates a contextual presentation model and applies conditions to help the system work more flexibly. This enables developers to create adaptive systems. It is also possible to create a robust and customizable business simulation system. Emerging technologies in this theme include Composable Applications, Composable Networks, and Influence EngineeringSPONSOREDSPONSOREDSPONSORED.
Mark Zuckerberg admits TikTok is a tough competitor, rethinking his strategy Catch more teens|In announcing Facebook's Q3 2021 results, key head coach Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged that the company is taking a new approach to attracting young people back to Facebook. Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Facebook The company said it is taking a new approach to target young customers between the ages of 18 and 29, seeing it as a target group that will be customers of Facebook's co-founder. It further revealed that retargeting is more focused on adolescent users. It's not just a matter of words, it's something Facebook is going to do, and I believe it's probably the right approach. Admittedly, facebook's transformation will take years. As for the immediate changes, now there will be only Instagram, another service from Facebook, with Instagram focusing more on video content, as well as features like Reels. Over the past two years, TikTok has become a platform where many teenagers live, and eventually the world's largest social media companies have had to have the kind of short video features that TikTok has done for most of its earnings statements. Mark Zuckerberg himself admits that TikTok is one of the strongest competitors he has ever faced, according to a Piper Sandler survey. More than 81 percent use Instagram, 77 percent of teenagers use snapchat. Snapchat followed by 73 percent to TikTok and Facebook. That's as low as 27 percent, according to Frances. Haugen, a former product manager at Facebook, once told his former company that Instagram is a platform that damages teenagers' mental health and that Facebook is not very interested in solving problems.
Facebook is ready to spend at least $10 billion, carpeting the Metaverse.|Facebook plans to invest at least $10 billion into Facebook Reality Labs to create the metaverse At Facebook's Q3 2021 earnings statement, it became a compelling event for Facebook. Facebook has revealed that they are ready to invest at least $10 billion this year to Facebook Reality Labs, a key division that will create the metaverse. Facebook believes that AR and VR technologies will be the backbone of the online world in the next generation. The possible names up to this time are Meta and Horizon Inc. Source: The VergeSPONSORED
Unveils iPod prototype almost as large as a MacBook|One of the innovations that changed the world of technology, it must be said that one of them was the iPod. It was almost as big as the MacBook when Steve Jobs became the CEO of Apple, one of the legendary innovations that people in the world have embraced, in addition to the iPhone, it must have the name of the iPod. The prototype of the iPod is as big as a MacBook, and the developers of the Panic application have revealed an interesting image: the prototype of the original iPod. Compared to the prototype version of the iPod, it was found that the most commonly used iPod models Apple is a brand that is interested in design, especially Steve Jobs, who is very passionate about the beauty of the iPod.
TikTok testified to the U.S. senator that there was no information handed over to the Chinese government.|TikTok's top executives were the first to provide information to U.S. senators on key algorithmic issues, which could negatively affect teenagers, as well as cybersecurity threats to Michael. Beckerman TikTok's head of policy in the Americas was the first tech executive to appear before Congress, with a number of issues that U.S. senators want answers from TikTok Marsha Blackburn. Senior Senator from Tennessee It is doubtful whether TikTok has collected user information such as voice, address, personal information of users, and whether the Chinese government has the opportunity to access such information. Beckerman reiterated that U.S. TikTok usage data is stored in the U.S., but the backup is stored in Singapore, while John Thun, another Republican, asked about the algorithm. and present the video to users on this issue. Beckerman said TikTok is willing to have its policies reviewed by an independent board of experts in recent times. The U.S. government, led by former President Donald Trump, has attempted to ban TikTok while forcing TikTok to sell off its U.S.-related business. For security reasons, when transitioning into the era of President Joe Biden. Trump's order has been revoked, but there are still regular measures to analyze applications coming from abroad.Source: ReutersSPONSORED
Niantic, creator of Pokemon Go, launches new game Pikmin Bloom|Niantic's new game, the creator of the top-notch Pokemon Go, is called Pikmin Bloom after a while. Niantic, the creator of Pokemon Go, is now officially available for download on iOS and Android smartphones in Singapore and Australia. Pikmin Bloom is a game that is not much different from Pokemon Go. In other words, it's a game where players have to travel to places in the real world. With every step of the way, the flower character gradually grows, just like hatching eggs in Pokemon Go, with a feeding system. It provides information about the places we walked through that day, as well as a video display system at the end of each day's journey. Pikmin Bloom has added AR Mode to show the little flowers you raise in the game to be displayed in the real world via the .SPONSORED application.
Sony unveils Xperia Pro-I, a 1-inch camera sensor that offers a wide range of stills and videos|Sony has once again made a splash with the introduction of the new Xperia Pro-I smartphone, focusing heavily on cameras, stills and videos. Announced the launch of a new smartphone, the Xperia Pro-I. In addition to the 1-inch camera sensor, the Xperia Pro-I features three cameras: a 12-megapixel wide camera, a 12-megapixel f/2.4 telephoto camera, a 12-megapixel f/2.2 ultra-wide camera, and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. f/2.0 In regards to the camera, Sony adds that this smartphone has a large sensor, high sensitivity, which makes it possible to shoot in low-light conditions with less noise. The Xperia Pro-I supports water and dust resistance according to IP65/68 standards, and the display is Corning Gorilla Glass Victus, which is said to be very scratchy. It uses a Snapdragon 888 5G processor that is strong enough to process high-resolution images and videos from the unit, with a battery of 4,500 mAh, supporting fast charging from 0 percent to 50 percent in 30 minutes, 6.5 inches, 1644 x 3840 pixels. OLED display supports 1 billion colors Running under Android 11, Sony set the Xperia Pro-I body to $1,800, equivalent to about 60,000 Baht.
Microsoft catches eye on Russian hacker Nobelium After an attempt to attack cloud services|Microsoft has revealed that Russian hackers continue to try to attack tech companies, particularly Microsoft cloud services. Nobelium has been monitoring the behavior of hackers known as Nobelium since last May, the Nobelium attacks have used methods to make themselves look credible as technology partners. To snatch the victim's cloud data from Microsoft's observations. Then, by alerting cloud subscribers and customers early, Nobelium's plans were not very successful. Microsoft has released figures on Nobelium attacks in the past, with hackers carrying out an estimated 22,868 targeted attacks, but only one digit in the past. U.S. and Russian governments There is a lot of tension. The focus was on ransomware attacks late last year. The U.S. government pointed out that Russian SVR intelligence had invaded U.S. intelligence agencies. Multiple locations Security organizations, meanwhile, say most of these hackers have strongholds in Russia. Joe Biden's administration has been trying to urge Russian leader Vladimir Putin. SERIOUS ABOUT CRACKING DOWN ON THESE HACKERS, BUT IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE VERY EFFECTIVE.Source: APSPONSORED
Central (CRG) clarifies after cyber attack Confirm all vulnerabilities have been closed.|Central Restaurant Group (CRG) issued a letter acknowledging cyberattacks by hackers. After learning of the matter, the vulnerability was closed and immediately investigated. Restaurant Group revealed through the company's official announcement. Of the incidents where hackers attacked Central's information systems. Central Restaurant Group confirmed that access to the hacker's attacks has been closed, with the names, addresses, phone numbers, date of birth and email addresses of some of its customers and some of its affiliates hacked into sensitive information about purchases. Credit card information and financial transactions are still in a secure state.
5 Chinese students sue Apple for not including iPhone 12 charger Chinese netizens go viral nationwide|Five Chinese students filed a lawsuit against Apple for not including a charger inside the iPhone 12's product box last May, which went viral on Chinese social media. The Times said in May that five Chinese students filed a complaint with the People's Court in Dongcheng District in Beijing. They want Apple to include a charger in the device and to be responsible for a service charge of 100 yuan, as well as all litigation costs, after the issue is recognized by the people of China. As a result, internet citizens in China are very interested in the case. Some of them think that not including the charger is no different from being a defective product, but some argue that Apple has already informed in advance that the product will not include a charger. The story has been read more than 340 million times on Weibo, a Chinese version of Twitter, and Apple's legal representative clarified that the charger is not in a sales contract between Apple and its customers. He also said that Apple decided not to include the charger because it was concerned about protecting the environment and reducing the use of plastic packaging. Lawyers in China told the Global Times that if a smartphone doesn't have a charger, it won't work normally. So, then, this is a violation of the previous service contract. In China, there used to be a comparable case: an incident in which a student from a Chinese university filed a lawsuit against Shanghai Disney Resort because the resort prohibited outside food from entering the park. After all, in this case, Disney Resort had to pay compensation of 50 yuan. Apple fined $2 million for not including iPhone 12 charger.Source: Global TimesSPONSORED
TSC Space Exploration Project Aiming to orbit the moon within 7 years|"Anek". TSC Big Space Exploration Project Aiming to orbit the moon in the next 7 years Thailand is believed to be the fifth country in Asia to produce a spacecraft to the moon. Identify several new startups to produce spacecraft parts, driving an economy worth up to 100 trillion baht. The best parallel walk on October 28, 2021 Dr. Sarun Posayajinda Director, National Astronomical Research Institute The Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation (MOE) mentioned the TSC project or Thai Space Consortium under the "12-month 12-good project with Minister Enok". At one point, the TSC project was Thailand's largest space exploration project, orbiting the moon in the next seven years. This makes the United States a permanent leader in science and technology. Even computers have evolved. Today, we're getting closer to space. We take advantage of space. In the old days, it took a long time to know foreign news. Later, other benefits were used, such as using GPS from satellites. Space is also the future of humanity, exploring planets elsewhere, not confined to one planet. Many years ago, Elonmustt frequently said that humans colonized Mars, whose resources were very close to Earth. This has been asked a lot. He thinks there must be a group of humans who have to travel elsewhere, and the use of Mars still has a lot that we can't imagine, Dr. Sarun continued, "For the TSC project, the first satellite we are designing. Imaging equipment is installed. These devices, when attached to our existing satellites, can be used to quickly identify cultivation and troubleshoot problems. It can classify, analyze, solve plant problems. In addition, we will know the resources under the earth. We can develop satellites that use radar and operate in remote interference mode. We have a team of advanced engineering capabilities, and in 10 years we make satellites that will have enormous spatial management capabilities SPONSORED"Going to the moon is not going for prestige, on the moon there can be enormous resources. If we could send a spacecraft into orbit around the moon, we would be able to do it. We will have a lot of information. If Thailand were to start a space program in addition to sending satellites orbiting the Earth, it would not be able to do so. The first point is the Moon, because technology is not easy, we have to learn various techniques to control and know the location of the satellite craft, and the next target is Mars. These projects are not throwing budgets into space, but we are throwing budgets into people to increase the talent and potential of Thai people. Dr. Sarun said that the policy of Mr. Enok Laothamthat The Minister is focused on transforming Thailand into an innovative country. It is envisaged that this project will make Thailand soar to the top. Thailand aims to become the fifth country in Asia to produce a spacecraft and orbit the moon. It's about exploring the moon. What does Thailand do? A team of hundreds of engineers developed their potential. University apprentices gain experience and develop together. Scientists will get the benefits of the data obtained from the survey. Today, we have a control station and receive thaisot (Sriracha), Thaicom satellite, and THEOS, a remote sensing satellite to explore Thailand's natural resources. At the same time, there is also the NACSAT satellite of King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok, the first BCCSAT-1 satellite of Thai children from Bangkok Christian School. We have agencies, but we still lack the watershed: designing and building these devices will lead to the emergence of many types of startups in Thailand. In order to produce various parts to build a spacecraft. This makes it possible to create a lot of business value for startups in Thailand. If we build our economy in this space industry, we will be able to develop people in the best possible way. Therefore, we need a space program to develop the country's potential, which also brings great value," Dr. Sarun said.
Huawei sends Nova 9, MateBook 14s, Watch GT3 and Vision S to Thailand at the end of the year|Huawei, a major technology company from China Led by Huawei Nova 9, Huawei MateBook 14s, Huawei Watch GT3 to Huawei Vision TVs, Kevin He, Chief Operating Officer of Huawei Consumer Business Group, revealed that Huawei now has at least 730 million users worldwide. By the end of 2021, Huawei has four new products ready for release, led by Huawei Nova 9, Huawei MateBook 14s, Huawei Watch GT3 and Huawei Vision SSPONSORED. It also has important features that can be removed from high-end smartphones, but priced at no more than 20 thousand baht. The main ultra vision camera has a resolution of 50 megapixels. It uses a RYYB sensor, which can extract more light than other smartphones. The unit is capable of shooting well in low light conditions, and there are not many noises in photography. Huawei has inserted software that helps adjust brightness and reduce image distortion. Supports 4K video shooting with 32-megapixel front-facing cameraHuawei Nova 9 With a 6.57-inch screen, 3D Curved with 1 billion colors and a 120Hz refresh rate, huawei Nova 9's pricing has yet to be revealed. The highlight of Huawei MateBook 14s is that it is a notebook that supports touchscreen on the screen. The screen resolution is 2.5K with a display of 1 billion colors. Supports 90Hz refresh rate with 3:2Huawei MateBook 14s screen ratio, operates under Intel 11th Gen processor and Iris Xe video card. The local operating system is Windows 10 that can be updated to Windows 11. Available in two colors, Spruce Green and Space Gray, it starts at 40,990 BAHT. Blood Oxygen Saturation Huawei Watch GT3 It is a workout-oriented watch with AI Running Coach features and more than 100 workout patterns. It supports 5 satellites: GPS, Beidou, GLONASS, GALILEO and QZSS. Running under the HarmonyOSHuawei Vision S operating system, the TV comes with a 13 MP magnetic camera that can rotate 180 degrees, supports video calls via the Huawei MeeTimeHuawei Vision S feature, 4K screens are available in 55 inches and 65 inches, support for high refresh rates of 120Hz, eye protection with blue light reduction and screen flicker, and 4 10W speakers focused on watching streaming content.
Unveiling the first images of smart watches under the Brand Meta watch that future competitors of the Apple Watch|Bloomberg unveiled the first image of a smart watch from Facebook, which has now been rebranded as Meta. Facebook's smart watch face, which was previously reported to be in development, was revealed by Bloomberg. It is rounded. The case has a front camera to act as a video call, and the bottom of the watch has a control panel on the right side at the same time. The development of Facebook's smart watch, or meta today. They want to beat Apple. Facebook's smart watch is one of facebook's envisioned devices to be one of the devices connected to the metaverse world. It's no different from ray-ban smart glasses, storiesSPONSORED, according to The Verge website last June. The watch's specifications have been identified as having a 1080p screen resolution, LTE connectivity and likely health sensors, and an application developed by Facebook packed into the watch. to discontinuation and release. If a smart watch product seems unlikely to succeed for the smart watch market at this time, Apple's Apple Watch is one of the market leaders. There are also brands like Garmin, and the most notable of these is the collaboration between Google and Samsung to shape the smart watch ecosystem with Android Wear.
Facebook rebranded the company, renamed it "Meta," reflecting a new image that goes beyond social media.|Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has announced a major event at Facebook Connect, revealing the company's new name, Meta, in preparation for the era of the Metaverse at the annual Facebook Connect seminar, which explains the situation of augmented reality and virtual reality technology. In the new name, Facebook CEO Metamark Zuckerberg. Admittedly, Facebook's name doesn't cover what they're doing now and in the future, because what Facebook is going to aim for after this is becoming a metaverse company. The name of the social media account under the meta brand has now begun to appear, such as Twitter account @meta, website meta.com and fan page as Meta. In the past, Facebook has regularly talked about the metaverse in public. To create a recognition of the company's new approach, on December 1st. The symbol used in the stock exchange, which Facebook used to use the name FB, will be changed to MVRS for other services in the Facebook group, such as Instagram, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger.
brand Oculus Quest, a Facebook VR device, renamed Meta Quest|In addition to changing the company's name from Facebook to Meta, the main product that will connect to the metaverse, Oculus Quest, has changed its name to Meta Quest. Facebook's technology team leader, also known as Meta. Andrew Bosworth (Boz) stated that the rebranding will include products in the Oculus group, with the Oculus Quest device coming under the new name Meta Quest, as well as the Oculus App app being rebranded to the Meta Quest App, while Facebook Portal will be changed to Meta Portal. WE WANT OUR CUSTOMERS TO CLEARLY UNDERSTAND THAT ALL THESE DEVICES ARE FROM META COMPANIES AND WILL BE A STEPPING STONE TO THE VISION OF BECOMING A METAVERSESPONSORED. Admitting that everyone who worked with Oculus felt attached to the Oculus name, this rebranding was a very difficult decision, but he believed that Oculus' original vision would remain in the new meta name and would continue to drive VR technology. And the department directly overseen by Andrew Bosworth, Facebook Reality Labs, which is responsible for research and development of AR and VR technologies, is left with just a short name, Reality Labs. He said the company is in the process of developing a Meta Quest login channel without the need for a Facebook account. Everything is expected to be ready next year Source: Andrew Bosworth (Boz)
Facebook renamed Dr. Meen analyzes the name, sum, answer. Finance Profits  |Recently, I would say that the news that is as popular as the opening of the country is the change of the name of the global social media company that is ranked in the top 3 in the world. Like Facebook, it's a great opportunity. Dr. Meen, Professor Attapol, will analyze this social media holistically, namely both the name Facebook, both old and new, the name Meta, both the owner's name, what star it fell into. The company has gone a long way, including a new logo. Mark Zuckerberg, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Facebook and born May 14, 1984- Mark's birthday is considered a birthday of success because it is a young Taurus or Taurus boy who is very patient, patient and overcomes all obstacles for a great goal. Mars, fire element, makes it very good to work or business abroad- Zuckerberg combines ok, sun influence, fire element, suitable for setting up own company. You don't have to be a subordinate. - If you analyze the 4 universal elements, you can see that it is a fire element in both the first and last names, this is not contradictory and causes great confidence, confidence and creativity. The old name is Facebook, which sums up Saturn. And it's the feng shui of the 8th century. 10 years and 10 years from now because of agility and adaptability. The new name is Meta, the sum is Mercury, it is a financial star and a negotiating star, agile like a water element, can go everywhere, is friendly with the same thing, is communication, but meets the needs of money more than before, should be much more profitable. Another interesting term is that the Earth Metaverse also forms the number of Saturn. It can be seen that even after the name change from Facebook to Meta, the international numerology for business is considered better and not worse because it is still considered a friendly pair between the original star Saturn that is suitable for the Internet, but the new sum of Meta is Mercury. In terms of the business logo, the same color is blue, it is Venus that focuses on customer care, but has a gimmick, it is adjusted to Infinity with a more stable base, like an eye and a device for wearing on the head, emphasizing VR, future vision, and the eternal meaning of the Infinity mark. Change your business logo or company name to get rich Contact Professor Attapol Noiwong (Dr. Meen Ti ten) Lecturer on Business Logo and Fengshui Branding Line : @mastermeen (with @ prefix) IG : MasterMeenforYou0899994554
iFixit resections innovative Polishing Cloth screen wipes from Apple|One of Apple's most acclaimed products of 2021 is the Polishing Cloth, which sold for $19 before being disclosed by iFixit. At one point, the product was in short supply. iFixit, an e-commerce website that is famous for dismembering electronic products and scoring the difficulty of repairing that device, has made a preliminary resection of the polishing cloth. The size of the Polishing Cloth is 6.3 inches, similar to the iPad Smart Cover, which has a microfiber layer inside. If you feel that this screen wipe is too expensive, try tearing it out, which will find that it is two pieces of cloth attached to each other with glue, so you can get 2 screen wipes for only $9.5 each.SPONSORED, then iFixit cuts off some of the screen wipes and looks at them with a microscope. Polishing Cloth screen towel on iFixit asks for 0 points for repair out of 10 because it cannot be repaired. After being cut apart with scissors, it will take another 2-3 months to make a request for a replacement.
Huawei MateBook 14s Touchscreen Support Notebook Review 90Hz Refresh Rate Intel Core i5 Specifications|Huawei is trying to expand its products beyond smartphones, so huawei brand products are constantly coming out, including watches, televisions, true wireless headphones, and notebooks by the end of 2021. One of them is Huawei MateBook 14s, a computer from the MateBook series. It is not a product for official release. It is also a test machine from Huawei. When it's actually due for release The keyboard is in Thai and English. This is an interesting alternative to the composite materials, Huawei chose aluminum. There is a polish around the machine. It is fairly rounded. THE POINT THAT WORKS WELL IS THE SCREEN AREA OF THE NOTEBOOK, BECAUSE IT HAS A VERY NARROW BEZEL OF ONLY 4.4MM, GIVING ROOM FOR ALMOST THE FULL DISPLAY SIZE OF THE ACTUAL SCREEN, THAT IS, 14.2 INCHES. No creaking sound. The weight of the 1.43 kilograms is not super light, but it is not very heavy. It's not a bad idea. The typing time is good enough to bounce against the fingers. Although dragging your finger on the touchpad is not very fluid, it is considered that the touchpad can be used instead of using a mouse. The main point of the touchpad on the device is probably the clicks on the mechanics of the touchpad, it is a little too loud, and the top of the keyboard has a fingerprint scanner button. Huawei MateBook 14s includes two USB-C ports. It is compatible with hdmi port and standard 3.5mm headphone jack, which is located on the left-hand side of the unit. On the right side of the unit, there is only a USB3.2SPONSOREDHuawei MateBook 14s slot with a screen size of 14.2 inches, a 3:2 resho suitable for viewing general content, and as mentioned above, the Huawei MateBook 14s touchscreen comes at 2.5K or 2520 x 1680 pixels. With the FN+R keyboard shortcut, the refresh rate is reduced to 60Hz, and the 1.07 billion colors can be displayed. The notebook is equipped with Huawei AppGallery application to run Android applications on the device. It is part of Huawei's efforts to homogenize computers, notebooks, tablets and smartphones. The device has 4 speakers divided into 2 low-volume speakers with 15Hz frequencies and 2 high-pitched speakers, which focuses on conveying treble and increasing the details of the sound. If you use a 90Hz refresh rate, the battery will last for approximately 7-8 hours, then it will be necessary to call for an adapter to renew the battery. If the battery is fully charged, it can be 100 percent charged for about an hour. The keyboard typing experience of the Huawei MateBook 14s is ok, although it doesn't impress the touchpad part very much. Gamers should be pleased enough. For those who are working in the line of work, it is a solution Because the efficiency of work is organized is nimble, overhauled to work outside the home (if necessary) can be done Because the machine does not have a weight that cannot be carried In case of wanting to take a notebook to watch video content and other entertainment Is a good answer Especially sports broadcasts that release high FPS streams will find fluidity Making watching sports much more fun for the starting price may be a little higher at 40,990 baht.
Frances Haugen Calls for Mark Zuckerberg to resign from Facebook CEO|Frances Haugen, a former Facebook employee, has come out to expose facebook's backstory. Calls for Mark Zuckerberg to resign from CEO and allow people interested in online safety to pick up the sticks, rather than creating a metaverse, said Frances Haugen, facebook's former product manager. Facebook last month called on Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg to resign as CEO of the company. Speaking at a web summit held in Lisbon, Portugal, Haugen said facebook business would improve. When they have leaders who are more interested in online security than they are today, while her views on rebranding from Facebook to the Meta are preparing for the metaverse, they're looking forward to it. She believes Facebook should be more expeditious in addressing current issues instead of investing in the metaverse, according to a document Frances Haugen released to Congress showing that what Facebook needs to do is build a basic security system. The examples in the documents that Haugen presented would include Instagram, which has created mental health problems for teenagers, failures to deal with fake news, especially from 2016 onwards, hate speeches, and the January 2021 Washington riots. We're working on $5 billion for safety and security throughout 2021, which is even more than any other tech company. A spokesperson for Meta added that security, as Frances Haugen mentioned, is something that can be done at the same time. In other words, Facebook can continue to build the metaverse and, on the other hand, create online security at the same time.
TikTok's parent company ByteDance announces cancellation of 996 work culture|ByteDance, the parent company of TikTok, the world's greatest application, issued an order requiring employees to stop working by 7 p.m., marking the official cancellation of the 996 culture. In China, especially for tech companies, there is a work culture called 996, which works from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m., six days a week. But president Xi Jinping's policy calls for an end to the 996 work culture led to the gradual abolition of this type of work by technology companies in China. The byte dance pattern. Employees will start working from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m., working five days Monday through Friday. The company must obtain permission at least one day in advance. In the new work policy at byte dance. Employees can work overtime for up to 3 hours of the working day and 8 hours of holidays, where they are paid up to three times the hours they work overtime.
Facebook failed to give Verified badge to Elon Musk's fake fan page|Facebook, the world's largest social media platform Make a big mistake by giving a blue check mark or Verified mark to a fan page disguised as Elon. Musk was an incredible mistake by Facebook. When they gave Elon Musk's fans a blue check mark that confirmed that this was a real public account to Elon Musk's fan page, it was only because Elon Musk had long since retired from Facebook. At the same time, the fan page still has only 1.53 lakh followers, which is very small. Compared to Elon Musk's worldwide fame, especially on Twitter, which has 61.9 million followers. The fan page didn't start with Elon Musk's fake fan page status, but has been changing its name continuously since 2019. It is interesting to see why Facebook gives the page a blue check mark status, because in fact, it is not easy to get the Verified mark because it has to be submitted along with various identification documents. If you look at the movements on the page, there are almost no posts on the page, while the URL of the fan page, which is called https://www.facebook.com/ElonMuskoffic, is likely to be detected as fake. It doesn't seem to be official in the slightest, which raises doubts about how Facebook missed it. Elon Musk's fake fan page is also considered a scam, as one status (which has been deleted) says that if anyone reads this status, transfer $1,000 to his account with bitcoin. Musk says this. It is either because Facebook removed the fan page from the system or shut down the page by the owner of the fan page disguised as Elon Musk.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella believes the metaverse must combine the real and virtual worlds.|Satya Microsoft CEO Nadella gives his perspective on the metaverse, which is trending at the moment, believing it must be outside-in, and Inside outAdi Ignatius, editor-in-chief of Harvard Business Review (HBR), in a video call interview with Satya. Microsoft CEO Nadella was quoted on The New World of Work, but during the interview, the topic of the Metaverse was quoted to Satya. Microsoft CEO Nadella has responded to this question: The metaverse is a world that must bring the outside-in and the inside out. But it is also a world that must take reality from the real world to the computer with satya. Nadella gives the example of Microsoft's enterprise metaverse. He talked about a meeting via the Microsoft Teams application, a meeting that incorporates elements of reality into the digital world. Within Microsoft Teams, there is a system that can separate segments of all attendees. Whether it's someone in a meeting room or someone who meets remotely, Microsoft Team provides space for each attendee with an identifying system that distinguishes each participant's face. What is the name of the fusion of physical or physical forms into digital, of course, technology has reduced remoteness. Easier interactions But technology can't replace physical interactions. On the Microsoft product side, there's HoloLens, a technology that can enter the metaverse, and looks similar to a sci-fi movie like Ready Player One, something Microsoft has been having for a while. As CEO of Microsoft.SPONSORED Source: HBR, Windows Central
Facebook to shut down Face Recognition and remove more than 1 billion facial templates from the system|Facebook has decided to respond to privacy concerns arising from photos and videos. With the shutdown of facial recognition, which will take place within the next few weeks, Facebook will be able to do so. Famous social media providers Facebook will officially shut down its platform in the coming weeks, with more than 1 billion facial recognition templates removed by Jerome Pecenti. Facebook's vice president of artificial intelligence, now known as Meta, said the technology was intended to be developed for people with visual impairments and blindness, with the goal of closing the gap between fraud and impersonation. however This technology has caused concern in recent times, meta or Facebook. It is under political pressure, particularly the use of software that automatically identifies individuals through photos or videos at the same time. Facebook has agreed to pay $650 million to settle a lawsuit in the United States, in which the victims of the lawsuit allege that Facebook created an unauthorized facial recognition system, as well as a lawsuit filed with competition regulators in the United States. He added that the decision was to abolish the entire facial recognition system. Whether it's Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, any platform with billions of users, the closure of this feature by Meta is an attempt to increase user confidence in protecting their privacy. The rebranding from Facebook to meta paves the way for the era of the metaverse, and Pesenti insists facebook will work closely with regulators and legal experts.
Microsoft Teams sends 3D avatars to the metaverse|Microsoft hasn't given up on Facebook to move into the Metaverse by sending a 3D avatar, strengthening meeting applications like Microsoft Teams at the Ignite conference. Don't fall for it. Introducing a new toy, 3D Avatar, a 3D avatar. For use in meetings through the Microsoft Teams application, this 3D avatar of Microsoft is officially called Mesh for Teams to power the Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality experience. From smartphones, VR kits, HoloLens or not. It seems that the direction of development of the metaverse world is focused on meetings, with efforts to make the meetings fun through three-dimensional avatars. In an interview with Harvard Business Review magazine, Satya said that Microsoft has already had so-called metaverses, including Microsoft Teams systems and HoloLensSPONSORED devices. Microsoft intends to turn famous games like Minecraft, Halo, and Flight Sim into full 3D, especially games like Flight Sim. It does not specify the exact timing of pushing the metaverse into the gaming world under the Brand. Microsoft Xbox Source: TechCrunch
Nike comes quietly, but ready to enter the metaverse. After filing 7 trademarks|Nike, a well-known equipment manufacturer, has filed seven trademark applications, allowing future Nike clothing and sneakers to appear in the metaverse space since Facebook announced a rebranding to the metaverse in preparation for entering the metaverse. When Facebook started kicking its doors, many companies bounced back on the trend, including Microsoft and, most recently, Nike, according to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. It said Nike had filed the documents on October 27. Two pieces, the tagline "Just Do It", the Swoosh symbol, the SNKRS logo followed by the Jumpman symbol and the brand. Michael Jordan's Air Jordan, with Nike's intention to bring its own brand of sneakers and Nike apparel. In a virtual format during the intervening period. Nike Nike is looking for employees to act as virtual designers to design sneakers in the virtual world of the metaverse, under the Digital Product Creation division, a team that focuses on digital and virtual services under the Nike brand. But there is a strong possibility that Nike will also experiment with NFT products over the years. Nike is constantly trying to connect its brand with the digital world, such as the Travis Scott concert in Fortnite. NIKE HAS NEITHER RESPONDED NOR DECLINED TO DISCUSS THE ISSUE OF ENTERING THE METAVERSE IN THE NEAR FUTURE.SPONSORED Source: CNBC
Huawei sends nova 9 to market in Thailand Price 16,990 Baht|Huawei unveils its new smartphone of the year, the Huawei nova 9, available in two colors, black and blue. It has a main camera, a 50-megapixel wide camera. 4 lenses followed by an 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera 2-megapixel depth camera and 2-megapixel macro camera The front camera is a 32-megapixel wide camera. Confirm that it can shoot well at night. The 6.57-inch screen close-up is 6.57-inch in 4K resolution, the OLED display, the screen refresh rate is 120Hz, and the display of up to 1.07 billion colors. Tablets, laptops, smartwatches Huawei smart screens, speakers and glasses, etc. Huawei nova 9 Available in Thailand in 2 colors, Black and Starry Blue, it is available for 16,990 THB.
United States blacklists NSO Group spyware companies|United States The decision was made to ban Israeli security firm NSO Group because it affected the security and core policies of the NSO Group. Israeli cybersecurity company It became the latest company to be blacklisted in President Joe Biden's era. Biden's decision to ban the NSO Group under Joe Biden's administration was because the company from Israel was contrary to U.S. foreign policy and security interests. We have heard of NSO Group once because their software, called Pegasus, was spyware, with attempts to hack data from mobile phones belonging to journalists, human rights activists, and lawyers around the world. The non-profit media organization said the pegasus software, when installed on the victim's mobile phone, secretly retrieved messages, photos, emails, call logs and microphone calls. Macron's mobile phone, which was used in 2017, could also be the target of Pegasus spyware as a result of the NSO Group's blacklisting, meaning that U.S.-listed companies cannot trade with blacklisted companies unless specifically authorized by the U.S. Department of Commerce. NSO Group and another Israeli company called Candiru have developed and supplied spyware to foreign governments to target government officials, journalists, businessmen, activists, academics and diplomatic officials. It has nothing to do with tracking anyone other than terrorists.
Launch of realme GT NEO 2, a mid-range smartphone with 5G support, refresh rate 120Hz, available for sale at 13,990 baht|The realme GT NEO 2 has been announced in Thailand as a mid-range smartphone. It will be available in Thailand on November 11 at a price of THB 13,990. The smartphone manufacturer under its parent company, OPPO, has announced the release of a new smartphone. Known as realme GT NEO 2, the realme GT NEO 2 specs feature a Snapdragon 870 5G chipset with a CPU clock speed of 3.2 GHz. The unit has a cooling system according to the technology that realme called Stainless Steel Vapour Cooling Plus, the unit has a large screen size according to the popular 6.62 inches, screen resolution 1080 x 2400, it is an AMOLED display, supports a refresh rate of 120Hz, brightness up to 1,300 nitsrealme GT NEO 2. The 64-megapixel main camera is a wide camera, an 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera, and a 2-megapixel macro camera. The front camera is a 16-megapixel wide-angle camera for realme photography, showing the selling point of photography called Street Photography and Night Photography with Super NightscapeSPONSORED mode, Android 11 operating system covered by realme UI 2.0, battery supplied to 5,000 mAh, support for SuperDart 65W fast charging system, for realme GT NEO 2, available for 13,990 baht, available in two colors, NEO Blue and NEO Green, available on November 11, 2021.
Amazfit unveils new smart watches GTR 3 Pro, GTR 3 and GTS 3|Amazfit wearable brand Sending new smart watches to the Thai market There are 3 models: GTR 3 Pro, GTR 3 and GTS 3. The 4 in 1 health system is a quick measurement of all 4 aspects of health with a single command: heart rate, blood oxygen, stress level and respiratory rate, which takes 45 seconds to process, followed by a 24-hour health management system to determine if the heartbeat is higher or lower than normal, as well as heart rate monitoring to optimize physical activity. How deep is sleep? BREATHING DURING SLEEP, AS WELL AS NAPPING, CAN HELP DETECT IT. After recording the menstrual period, it is possible to predict the time and duration of menstruation for the price of GTR 3 Pro at 7,390 Baht, GTR 3. And the GTS 3 at 5,290 baht, all three models go on sale November 6.
Apple cuts iPad capacity by 50 percent, feeds all power to iPhone 13|Apple needs to reduce iPad production by as much as 50 percent in order to increase production of iPhone 13, Apple's key product, Nikkei Asia news agency has revealed that Apple has reduced production of iPads by up to 50 percent. This is due to a shortage of chipsets. The demand for devices like the iPad is still strong, as many of the world's population is having distance learning. In the first nine months of 2021, Apple shipped more than 40.3 million iPads. According to technology analysts at Counterpoint Research, it is common for Apple to prioritize the iPhone 13 higher than the iPad because the iPad has been the product that Apple has dominated since its first day of release. If they are smartphone users, they also have other options, which may not be the iPhone 13. There are a large number of strong manufacturers. Consumers can overlook the iPhone 13 to buy other Android models, something Apple doesn't want. Therefore, all power must be invested in production. iPhone 13.Source: NikkeiSPONSORED
"Economist" points to adapting to 5G, suggests the state unlocks new business - drives E.C.|"Seth Phong" He pointed out that all sectors must adapt and change their role in dealing with 5G technology, the government must unlock new businesses easily to drive the economy. Giving opportunities for young people to build business through Start Up as the basis of Thailand's future on November 4, 2021 Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party As Vice Chairman of the Communications Commission Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (KMTH DES) Speaking at the Redefine Businesses with 5G Forum 2021 under the theme "Driving 5G in Thailand sustainably", He said that driving 5G in Thailand to have a sustainable impact must be looked at in many dimensions. We need to understand 5G first. Better communication is no longer important because communication systems have changed their perspective. Enter the world of analytics As the analysis becomes more complicated Being smarter will lead to rapid change. For example, in organizations, people's work. 5G isn't just about adding 1G from 4G, as 5G has made billions of sensor changes around the world connected. Artificial intelligence (AI) will help analyze more and more predictions of the future. THEREFORE, 5G IS NOT THE SAME AS 3G OR 4G SPONSORED, PROF. SETTHAPONG SAID THAT FOR THE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE OF 5G, TELECOM OPERATORS ARE NOT ONLY THOSE WHO HAVE BUILT COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR THE PEOPLE, BUT HAVE CHANGED THEIR ROLES. If it is to drive effectively and in relation to the development of that country. Service providers must be consultants, have automated corporate links to organizations, and provide transition advice to organizations in both the public and private sectors. Equipment manufacturers also have to change their roles to help service providers. Modern equipment and technology can be equipped with the world of the future, and the workplace will change. Therefore, all of this needs to be discussed and mentored by both the public and private sectors to be able to digitize effectively and successfully. The NBTC and the Ministry of Digital Affairs must try not to impose too many mandatory rules that make it impossible to drive technology. This is extremely important, governance must be conducive to the development of the country. Develop the economic system, allowing both business and government systems to be harmonized. Move forward effectively. He said that 5G relies on a cloud system, and Thailand is fortunate that our location is suitable and conducive to development, so the EEC must be effectively driven by the ministry and have appropriate support from relevant agencies. Therefore, the public and private sectors must work together to create a source of experts to make the ecosystem consistent and usable effectively, which can help develop new economies for the country. Therefore, the government must ensure that these children and young people can easily and efficiently build businesses through start-up, 5G and support funding. If the public sector cannot unlock the private sector to integrate or make investments easily, or there are too many obstacles that cannot be lowered, it will not succeed in driving sustainable 5G in Thailand. I hope that all of you in the near future will come together in the form of councils or organizations. To help each other figure out how we can move forward." Dr. Sethapong said.
5G coffee robot barista shows drip serving soft taste (clip)|A coffee robot barista that many people are familiar with. Most of them are stationed with high-pressure machines, but the latest launch in Thailand is a drip coffee robot barista that uses two arms fluently. There is a calm, yet precise rhythm to pour hot water through roasted coffee step by step, take a look at her rhythm, starting with her left arm reaching to press the ground coffee and pouring it into a container, which is already waiting, and the right arm picks up the kettle at 94-96 degrees Celsius. Slowly pour around the waiting coffee, drip until the water has depleted, then pour again with the same angle of inclination until the last step, pour the coffee grounds and wash it neatly for no more than 5 minutes, ready to serve to feel the soft taste of the coffee. President True Lifestyle Retail Co., Ltd. and Beckhouse Co., Ltd. revealed the origin of the new employee, a robot barista who was stationed at the restaurant. True Coffee Flagship Store Center Point Siam Square Since before COVID-19, but just launched. Built and developed by a San Francisco robotics company engineer. With an estimated capital of nearly 3 million baht, this barista robot is called Fluffy Cotton, the craft of dripping coffee equivalent to that of a human barista. Because you can move your two arms fluently. In the past, most of them used a one-arm mechanism because they were controlled by 5G technology, including IoT Mug, or smart coffee cups that are easily temperature controlled through the Ember app.
Meta plans to open retail stores, pushing access to the Metaverse world.|Meta or Facebook originally had a project to open an offline retail store. Just a week before the rebranding, Facebook, now known as Meta, has internal discussions about the opportunity to open a retail store for the first time. Meta's retail stores don't have a definitive launch date yet, but it's a meta ambition. They haven't had their own retail store, while Apple has an Apple Store, which has become a landmark for travelers traveling abroad, as well as Google, which recently opened a Google Store in Chelsea. In New York City, the news of Facebook's store opening came a week before the rebranding from Facebook to Meta. however This project can be cancelled at any time if Meta sees that this plan is unlikely to go well if Meta actually chooses to open a store. They have targeted the Berlingame area in California, possibly the Facebook Store, or perhaps a new, rebranded meta store. Meta's hardware portfolio is on the rise, from Oculus Quest's rebranding to Meta Quest, followed by Portal, a video calling device with the new name Meta Portal, to Ray-Ban Stories. Famous eyewear manufacturer Source: NYTimesSPONSORED
Airbus collaborates to study SAF fuel consumption with single-aisle passenger aircraft|Airbus Dassalt Aviation ONERA French Transport and Safran The Office National d'Etudes et de Recherches Arospatiales (ONERA), the French Ministry of Transport and Safran have jointly launched a study on the flight of single-aisle aircraft. When using non-mixed Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) for the first time during test flight over Toulouse region. On October 28, 2021, the Airbus A319Neo test aircraft equipped with one CFM LEAP-1A engine flew with 100% SAF fuel. The HEFA process is made from paraffin hydrocarbons without aromatics and sulfur. In addition, this 100% SAF fuel will be used to analyze the compatibility and operability of Safran Helicopter Engines' Arrano engines when applied to Airbus. The H160 helicopter, which is expected to start in 2022, is joined by Airbus in conjunction with DLR, responsible for characterizing and analyzing fuel impacts. 100% SAF on ground and air emissions Safran will conduct ground testing of LEAP engines using 100% SAF fuel at its Villaroche plant later this year to complete the analysis for ONERA, which will support Airbus and Safran to analyze fuel compatibility with aircraft systems and will be responsible for preparing, analyzing and interpreting fuel impact test results. 100% SAF emissions and formation of contrails or contrails Dassault Aviation is involved in the study of material and equipment compatibility, as well as helping to determine the biocontamination susceptibility response of 100% SAF fuels. Dshebbari French Minister of Transport The ultimate aim of this study is to encourage fuel consumption. The industry's broader 100% SAF type as well as 100% SAF fuel certification is applicable to single-aisle commercial aircraft as well as next-generation business jets.
Security software company McAfee sells its business to investors for $14 billion.|A group of investors has already decided to buy the famous cybersecurity business McAfee. The turnover reached $140 billion, according to the official website of McAfee, a well-known cybersecurity software maker. The company has confirmed the sale of its business to a group of investors, including Advent, Permira, Crosspoint Capital, CPP Investments, GIC and ADIA. Bloomberg News McAfee was a software company that became very popular in the 90s and early 2000s, founded by John McAfee in 1987, but its founder left the company in 1994. Meanwhile, the company switched hands to Intel before selling off its entire business in 2021.
Niantic, creator of Pokemon Go, released "Lightship", a metaverse world building simulation platform.|Niantic, the company behind the success of Pokemon Go, today announced the launch of a new platform. It is an application that simulates the creation of the metaverse, which is a trend that is being talked about a lot at this time. Niantic CEO John Hanke says it's all about building the metaverse. At this point, Developers can continue to think about what they want to put into the real world in the past. Following Facebook's rebranding to Meta, which has caused the whole world to be interested in the so-called metaverse, developers who want to use Lightship can access the toolkit for free, but for a small fee for developers who want to use the Multiplayer feature.
European Police Agency Report on the arrest of 5 hackers involved in REvil malware|Five hackers involved in the REvil malware, which was used to ransom organisations to cause massive damage, have been arrested, with the European Police Agency (Europol) revealing on Monday local time that they were able to arrest suspects believed to be hackers involved in the Sodinokibi/REvil malware. Known by the name Operation GoldDust (Operation GoldDust), the first two suspects were arrested in Romania. Another suspect was arrested in Kuwait. The GoldDust operation, an international partnership that runs in a network of 17 countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Australia and Germany, was created to manipulate GandCrab as a ransom software before later developing into REvil for the arrested hackers. It has caused up to 500 million euros in damage to companies that have been victims of ransom software.
Clubhouse releases Replays feature, turning live recording rooms into podcasts|Clubhouse has released a previously presented feature called Replays, which will allow those who are not up to date with live recordings of rooms to listen backwards, as well as upload audio files to podcast providers. It's a clubhouse feature. Whether it's iOS or Android, listeners can listen to live broadcasts of missed sessions at the same time. The owner of the room can save the chat message in the form of a file, and then edit the file. Before uploading to podcast providers like Podbean or Anchor, or even putting audio files on platforms like YouTube or TikTok, clubhouse assessed that having features like Replays would make the Clubhouse app more interesting. It is not possible to listen backwards unless the room owner has other listening channels such as YouTube. In addition, the Replays feature may help to get more users because they can listen back, especially interesting content. In addition to the featured features such as Replays, the app has added a button that allows the listener to jump from one speaker to another. Like Twitter Spaces, this section can be used to link the room's sponsors, or interesting links, to polls or polls.
Tim Cook reveals Apple is interested in cryptocurrencies|Apple CEO Tim Cook insists Apple is studying cryptocurrency, but it's not what Apple is most interested in at this time in an interview at the NYT Dealbook Conference. The Apple CEO admitted that Apple was actually interested in cryptocurrencies, but did not provide further details on how they were interested. The answer to this question Tim Cook chose to answer broadly, not in detail, that Apple was looking for some kind of interest in cryptocurrencies, which at this time would not be appropriate for Apple to invest in cryptocurrencies. Especially in the corner of investors who buy Apple stocks. Apple is one of the few big companies that hasn't talked about cryptocurrencies in public once, even though Apple hasn't talked about cryptocurrencies like many companies, but that doesn't mean Apple isn't interested. At this time, however, Apple has no point in talking about cryptocurrencies in recent times. Payment Service Providers For example, PayPal, Venmo, Square, which are all competitors of Apple, have all moved toward cryptocurrencies. Tim Cook also revealed for the first time that he also invests in cryptocurrencies. The reason for investing in cryptocurrencies is because they want their portfolios to diversify and diversify risks. In fact, he has been interested in cryptocurrencies for some time, including NFTs, but he thinks it will take some time for NFTs to come out in the form of products that interest a wider audience.
Facebook does not allow targeting based on political beliefs. Religion and sexual orientation|Facebook unveils new policy that won't allow buyers to advertise This policy will be implemented in January next year meta or Facebook. Meta for Business has a focus on blocking people who buy ads with Facebook. Do not target by selecting sensitive topics based on the interests of gram mudd users. Vice President of Product Marketing and Advertising Explain that the topic is sensitive from Facebook's point of view. It includes political attitudes, religious beliefs, to sexual orientation, etc. Accept that this change is not easy and will affect many organizations or business sectors. It's not. Facebook decided this policy based on concerns that the information could be misused, however, there are some cases that can be used in a positive way, such as Facebook users who are interested in diabetes. There is a growing awareness of the mental health of users. After Facebook was hit hard by the attack. According to Frances Haugen, Instagram is a platform that causes a lot of mental health problems among adolescents, but the most serious issue was the 2016 U.S. presidential election, which led to the spread of fake news, which forced Facebook to dismantle its political advertising system since 2018. Just go to Settings and Privacy > Settings > Ads > Ad Settings > Categories that reach you > Interest categories. It will officially take effect on January 19, 2022, covering Facebook, Messenger and Instagram.
Xiaomi joins hands with Swarovski to deliver Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE Mint Green for 13,990 baht|Xiaomi and Swarovsky join forces Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE special smartphone delivered at a selling price of 13,990 baht. The Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE x Swarovsky comes with a 6.55-inch screen, an AMOLED display that supports 1 billion colors, and a Dolby Vision system. Qualcomm Snapdragon 778G 5G processor supports 5G wireless connectivity, battery comes in at 4,250 mAh, 33W fast charging is available in 8GB+256GB capacity.Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE special edition Mint green is 13,990 baht.SPONSORED
Microsoft launches Surface Laptop SE targeting Chromebooks|Microsoft sends new Surface Laptop SE products as a low-cost product portfolio Focus on student groups Microsoft has launched a new product, a low-cost computer in the Surface Laptop SE model, priced at US$249.99. Surface Laptop SE also has another goal: to challenge Chromebooks, computers running Chrome OS from Google. The 16:9 resho and plastic chip composites use Intel Celeron N4020 and N4120 chips, 4GB and 8GB of RAM, 64GB and 128GB of memory, a 1-megapixel front-facing camera with a factory Windows 11 operating system, Microsoft 365 for Education, up to 16 hours of storage, and a usb-c, USB-A, Barrel type DC port, and one 3.5mm headphone jack. Microsoft has spent 18 months talking to school IT administrators about computer flaws for education, and repairs are one of the major problems, with Microsoft selling devices and parts to Microsoft-authorized stores. This allows the school to order parts directly. Reduce the waiting time for repairs that can take weeks for surface laptop SE to go on sale in early 2022 at a starting price of $249.99.
"Sethapong" suggests Thailand to develop "Data Center" to collect data systematically - appropriately.|"Seth Phong" Global point developing data center to collect data systematically Thailand recommends optimizing infrastructure because it requires a lot of energy to feed the server. Believe must be prepared - hope for the benefit of the country's development on November 10, 2021 Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List MP for Bhumjaithai Party and vice chairman of the Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society Commission (KMDES) said today that technology has gone a long way. Incredibly fast changes Many countries are trying to prepare for the advantage of creating data centers, coupled with the leap in 5G technology. Some organizations have had to adapt a lot and need to use more AI systems to meet the needs of their customers. Building an infrastructure to store and use data is important, but many organizations are still unable to adapt. Therefore, organizations must adapt rapidly to keep up with today's world and must focus on their expertise clearly. Use costs efficiently By using various technologies to reduce costs cost-effectively. To be able to put knowledge to good use in our organization and country. He said that data center is a place to store data by computer system through server deposit, including telecommunication system. A variety of services are available, such as co-location and web server services. Data management services and other IT services are allocated by each operator. Nowadays, data center services are becoming more and more widely known. Start looking for ways to help make their business more secure and secure. Every business operator should use the Data Center service, especially in the case of large businesses, because every company has important confidential files as well as data that must be stored for years or forever. If you have a professional data center to take care of, you will be able to live peacefully every day. Don't worry about the security of the company's precious assets, which are the data itself. The world is trying to optimize data storage efficiency, including contracting to help preserve data for companies. Today, technology has evolved by leaps and bounds. We should also plan and develop infrastructure in the country to keep pace with the world. We will have the opportunity to trade and technology to benefit the country's development to keep pace with the world. The stability of the data center is therefore something that must be properly designed and constructed. First of all, it is important to understand that what is in the data center are host computers, large processing machines, data loggers, network equipment, cable networks, and communication devices. There are 4 aspects: space, electrical system, air conditioning system and network system, which require a lot of energy. If anywhere has all these things, it will have an advantage. So if we want to build a data center, we need to be prepared for these things." Dr. Sethapong said.
Twitter has set up a new team to develop crypto.|Twitter has announced the establishment of a crypto team, which follows the policies and interests of Jack Dorsey, CEO and co-founder who has long been interested in cryptocurrencies. If one day Twitter, a well-known social media platform, joins the cryptocurrency trend, twitter CEO Jack Dorsey's Twitter account also made it clear that #bitcoin showed a lot of interest in the subject even on Wednesday morning local time in the United States. Twitter has announced the formation of a team called the Crypto Team, which will seriously study cryptocurrency payments and apply them to Twitter's future products, including Ticketed Spaces, a product that Twitter aims to generate revenue next. Once again, Twitter wants to expand its platform beyond social media companies, including experimenting with building its own platform on blockchain, in addition to relying on server providers such as Amazon Web Services or AWS. With Twitter adopting this kind of blockchain-based system, will there be any problems with content moderation? Especially content that comes from extremist political parties, Twitter is not the only platform that comes out to pay attention to cryptocurrencies. previously Discord (Discord), the chat platform for gamers It is developing crypto, as well as Reddit, the world's most famous webboard provider. Source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
South Korea aims to make Seoul the world's first metaverse city|South Korea announces plans to build Metaverse Seoul platform by placing Seoul as the world's first future city Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has announced plans to build Metaverse Seoul, a platform of the future. Stay tuned. Government of Seoul It has ambitions to make Seoul the first metaverse city. It will then expand to other cities in South Korea at the same time, increasing its global competitiveness. As part of seoul vision 2030 under the concept of "future emotional city", seoul's metaverse program will be piloted later this year, with facilities and services such as virtual seoul offices, fintech labs, major attractions such as namdaemun market, Gwanghwamun square, and toksu palace, among others. South Korea's metaverse plans are not very detailed yet. Both devices that will be accessed in the metaverse world, especially virtual reality devices, are still expensive. There is a price range of 300-600 US dollars.
U.S. teenage girl escapes detention with TikTok-learned hand signals|A 16-year-old girl whose family reported her disappearance, but eventually survived. She learned from using the TikTok app that the missing 16-year-old teenager was rescued safely. It was later revealed that the hand signal was a hand signal that the victim learned while using TikTok, a popular application of teenagers of this era. He explained that he saw a young teenager having a distressed attitude in a car driven by an old man. The call for help was invented by the Women's Foundation of Canada in collaboration with Juniper Park in 2020 to allow victims of violence to quietly display a call for help. Before it was revealed that the detainee was a 61-year-old man and charged with retaliatory detention, a video that taught the use of the Help symbol was now on the Canadian Women's Foundation's YouTube channel. It has been viewed a lot of times, with 2.4 million views, and the foundation is very pleased that this symbol has gone viral on the TikTok application, as well as being a symbol that actually helps those in need.
Disney recently announced a request to create the Metaverse.|Disney+, a one-stop entertainment service provider Bob Chapek revealed during Disney's shareholders' meeting that Disney is preparing to enter the metaverse in the near future. Chapek told investors that Disney's entry into the metaverse was a "huge blow". Disney, under the leadership of Walt Disney and Roy Disney, has created something new and innovative for the world, the Steamboat Willie animation, which was the world's first animation to incorporate sound effects into a movie. What's interesting is the story of how Disney connects the real world and the digital world, while continuing to look at what Disney's metaverse will look like. Streaming services like Disney+ can be upgraded to 3D content. Since the announcement of the rebranding from Facebook to Meta, many leading companies have announced themselves ready to enter the metaverse all over the page, including Microsoft, Pokemon Go, Nike, and most recently, Disney, which does not include gaming companies that have already entered the mini-metaverse in advance, such as Fortnite and Roblox.
President Biden signs legislation restricting Huawei and ZTE licenses in the United States|Joe Biden The U.S. president signed a new law that discourages Chinese tech companies Huawei and ZTE, from seeing it as a security threat. Known as the Secure Equipment Act, the law is the latest attempt by the United States. against the crackdown on telecommunications and technology companies originating from China; With a unanimous vote of 420-4, the U.S. sees Telecommunications and technology companies from China as a security threat. When that happens, the U.S. has to restrict access to a license to sign the law, which was signed before President Joe Biden met with President Xi Jinping. The virtual summit will take place on Monday. The Secure Equipment Act requires the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or the U.S. telecommunications regulatory authority. No review or approval required. This means that devices from the Huawei and ZTE brands cannot be used on U.S. networks. It declined to provide further information on the subject Source: ReutersSPONSORED
Instagram tests Take a Break capability to alert when it's been in the social world for too long.|Instagram has announced that it has begun testing a new capability called Take a Break. When using social media for a while, at the appointed time, Adam Mosseri The head of Meta's Instagram team revealed that the company has already started testing the Take a Break feature, which reminds users to stop browsing the social world. From 10 minutes, 20 minutes, to 30 minutes, the take a break feature is one of the measures to reduce the problem that Meta or Facebook has been constantly attacking, especially regarding mental health problems that cause adolescents to become insecure about themselves. Facebook hopes this approach will be one of the ways to improve the young people's experience on the platform. On iOS and Android, there's already a tool called screen time controls, which has to see how the feature will actually change.
FBI gets hit with a mustache jerk After being hacked Tens of thousands of spam emails|The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation website, better known as the FBI, is vulnerable. Give hackers a chance to try their hand at server hacking. A report by Spamhaus Project, an international nonprofit organization that monitors spam and cyber threats in email systems, found that FBI email servers were accessed by hackers when hackers successfully hacked into FBI email servers. Hackers have sent tens of thousands of fake emails. The text of the email was not an attempt to deceive or steal the recipient's information, but the real target of the hacker was the possibility of hacking the system to disrupt the cybersecurity of the U.S. government agency on the recipient of fake emails sent by hackers at that time. When checking the appearance of the email, it was found that it was actually from the FBI's servers, causing quite a bit of chaos. Although this hack is not intended to seriously attack cyber security systems, it could happen again in the future, and it could be more serious this time. Russian hackers, in particular, have had the opportunity to play the U.S. government's cybersecurity system. Many times while the FBI Uncover the source of this vulnerability. According to the lawmakers, the faulty settings of the Law Enforcement Enterprise Portal (LEEP), a system used to communicate with law enforcement agencies, where hackers gain access to the server are only responsible for pushing emails of the LEEP system. It does not have access to any important information at the same time. The FBI confirmed that it will continue to monitor the situation closely and if any abnormalities are found, they can report it to www.ic3.gov and www.cisa.gov in early November. President Joe Biden has ordered government agencies to collect information about cybersecurity. It focuses on monitoring the system and closing vulnerabilities. But the FBI's email server hacked reflects that Joe Biden's policies have not been successful.
Iceland Launched the "Icelandverse" travel campaign on the hot tide of the Metaverse.|Iceland finds a cosplay-like face as Mark Zuckerberg promotes the country's tourism. The announcement of Facebook's rebranding to meta has also led the world's leading companies such as Microsoft, Nike and Disney to announce their entry into the metaverse across the page. Not only that, it's become a joke for internet users to pick up as a meme, but there's nothing more interesting than Iceland. That has taken the metaverse as a parody, which has become a campaign to support the country's tourism. A YouTube channel called Inspired by Iceland uploaded a 2.23-minute video clip with the short but thematic name Introducing the Icelandverse. In the video, there is a man who calls himself Zach. Zack Mossbergsson, who works as Chief Visionary Officer, explains how to revolutionize his connection to the world in a non-eccentric way. Mosbergson takes viewers on a journey through iceland's beautiful snow-capped scenery. It stretches as far as the eye can see, while experiencing the incredible nature of the landscape, especially the amazing Northern Lights, and is something to experience for yourself. Mosbergson Who cosplays as Mark. Zuckerberg teased the VR glasses, which are also funny to wear if you cut the story of being a parody of the metaverse, a technology that Meta or Facebook originally intended to reach. Those who have watched the clip believe that many people would like to travel to Iceland.
Huawei looks for new allies, hoping to help break the impasse imposed by U.S. sanctions|Huawei is a manufacturer of famous smartphone brands from China. Prepare to find a way out of U.S. sanctions by looking for new allies. As you know, Huawei smartphones have been sanctioned by the United States, making it currently impossible for Huawei smartphones to use important Google services until the release of its own products in the United States, which is a huge market. It is seeking partners to grant Huawei smartphone design rights to third-party companies to give Huawei access to manufacturing parts and access to U.S. technology, according to Bloomberg. Huawei initially held talks with TD Tech, a brand that partially uses Huawei's designs but sells under its own brand, or even Xnova, a smartphone dealer. Huawei's Nova online channel may also take the opportunity to talk and produce smartphones under its own brand. Since the U.S. government's sanctions, Huawei's market share has gradually declined, and Huawei's smartphones lack the hallmarks of Google's services. Having to start a new one from its own store that can't use the Android play store, there are also issues with chipsets that Huawei previously couldn't access. Huawei sold its own sub-brand Honor to a Shenzhen-based conglomerate a year ago. Honor has normal access to U.S. technologies. Making a partnership and then giving design rights can also be a good choice in Huawei's corner.
Nokia launches Nokia C20 to enter the entry-level smartphone market, available for 3,290 baht|HMD Global delivers new smartphones Under the Nokia brand Nokia C20 in Thailand, which is a group of beginner smartphones. Priced at THB 3,290, Nokia C20 is a popular 6.5-inch large-screen smartphone with HD+ resolution, IPS LCD screen, Unisoc SC9863A processor, 1.6GHz oct-core clock speed. It has a single 5-megapixel main camera, as well as a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. Thailand has only one model: 2GB RAM and machine memory. 32GB battery supplied at 3,000 mAh interchangeable The Nokia C20 is available for 3,290 baht and is available in two colors: Sand Brown, Gold and Dark Blue.SPONSORED.
Sainsbury's UK supermarket partnered with Amazon to use cashier-free payment system|Sainsbury's best-known supermarket has announced a partnership with Amazon to introduce a cashier-free payment system outside the US for the first time in 2018. Sainsbury's has partnered with Amazon to implement just walk out, a cashier-free payment, outside the U.S. for the first time at this time. Sainsbury's system is still in the testing phase, being tested at the Holborn branch in London, and during the testing period, only Sainsbury's employees will test the system and are expected to be available on November 29. Smartshop Pick & Go is the same technology amazon uses in the U.S. Behind the scenes of Amazon's cashierless stores begins with the installation of ultra-weight-sensitive cameras and shelves. To detect which items are off the shelves other than Sainsbury's stores in the UK. There are more similar stores, such as Tesco, which has a store called GetGo, which just opened last month. In partnership with technology company Trigo Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Gen Z teens look at wired headphones cooler than wireless headphones|Gen Z people change their view of using new headphones After people use true wireless headphones, it gives the impression that wireless headphones are no longer cool. Although the iPhone 7 is not the first smartphone without a headphone jack, the arrival of the iPhone 7 in 2016 has become a trendsetter for almost every smartphone manufacturer in the world. Cut the 3.5mm headphone the machine, and then the world finally enters the era of true wireless headphones, which is typical of many humans. When people started using the same products, wearing similar clothes, they felt bored and wanted to change, eventually creating new fashions. The Street Journal reports that Gen Z teens are shaping the trend of wired headphones back in the trend. After wireless headphones began to take their place in earnest in 2016, according to the report, this is partly due to the advent of the TikTok application, as wired headphones seem to be suitable for making content on TikTok in terms of video recording. Easy to use And wired headphones are reminiscent of the early 2010s, when they were growing up. The Economy in the Age of COVID-19 As a result, every business is bad, and it affects human emotions and feelings. Therefore, there is a tendency for human beings to feel like thinking back to the past, which was the era before the social network world became as popular as it is today. It also helps Gen Z escape feelings of insecurity due to the pandemic. Gen Z feels that using wireless headphones is not cool and gives them the same image as a financial worker who often uses wireless headphones to talk about errands and work.
Microsoft joins forces with Greek government The Olympics are back in the form of AR technology.|AR technology brings the ancient ruins of Olympia back to life. With Augmented Reality technology, a new collaboration between Microsoft and the Government of Greece, the Government of Greece and Microsoft have joined hands to restore one of the sacred ancient ritual sites and the birthplace of today's Olympic Games, Olympia. Once again, this collaboration belongs to Microsoft and the Ministry of Culture of Greece. It aims to give Greek and foreign tourists the opportunity to discover the world's landmarks. And it's about bringing history back to life behind the return of Olympia. Two technologies were used: artificial intelligence and augmenting reality (AR), with artificial intelligence helping with mapping, and AR helping to restore a 2-thousand-year-old sanctuary to Kiriakos Mitsotakis. Greece's prime minister said the project has revived Greece's history, where technology has opened up different experiences, and the olympia restoration project from Greece's point of view is very important. In addition to the Olympia Stadium, there will be a restoration of the temples of Zeus and Hera. In a digital format as well. Antigone Microsoft's Papanico Lau He said the partnership is about passing on the Olympic fire from previous generations to the next generation. It is true that now we can experience what our ancestors created and lived and see how ancient Greece is. THE PROJECT HAS ALSO BEEN CRITICIZED FOR ITS AGGRESSION BY FOREIGN TECH GIANTS AGAINST GREECE.SPONSORED SOURCE: VOA NEWS
Apple launches Self Service Repair program, allowing customers to repair iPhone 13 on their own|Another interesting move by Apple has launched a program called Self Service Repair, where customers can purchase devices and parts as well as tools to repair the iPhone 13 and iPhone 12 by themselves, announced from Apple's official website. This is the first time Apple has allowed users to repair their devices on their own. In the early stages of the Self Service Repair program, there will be parts and tools to repair by yourself only for iPhone 12 and iPhone 13, and parts will include displays, batteries, and cameras. After that, Apple will continue to expand to other products and parts, such as Mac computers running the M1 chip. For general customers, it is better to rely on professionals. In addition, manual repairs from this program will not expire while the price for parts and tools has not yet been announced.
Instagram solves bot account problem Offer to use video selfies to verify identity.|Instagram, meta's social media application, is in the process of finding solutions to bot account issues. The choice may be to use selfies to verify the identity of the user as a real person, one of the main problems social media providers face in a similar way: bot account problems. This has been a long-standing problem that causes spam to annoy real users, as well as causing overcharging of likes or followers on @MattNavarra or Matt's Twitter. Navarra, social media consultant Post a picture on your personal Twitter account, which shows that it's the same meta or Facebook. The solution is to verify yourself with a selfie video. It's not. Navarra In the past year, there have been news that meta is developing a biometric system to verify identity, such as the reporting of XDA Developers, a developer's gathering site, which reported that meta had been tested but encountered technical problems. IT IS POSSIBLE THAT IN THE NEAR FUTURE, INSTAGRAM WILL INTRODUCE A VIDEO SELFIE AUTHENTICATION SYSTEM TO THE GENERAL USER. It states that the user's selfie video will be removed from the system within 30 days, with the selfie video being one of Instagram's review processes. If you find that any account has a lot of likes or follows multiple accounts in seconds, you'll need to contact us. The selfie video system checks if the account is real or not. Source: The Verge
Sony Thailand New PlayStation 5 presets Nov. 19 at 11 a.m.|Sony's latest hard-to-buy gaming console PlayStation 5 has announced a new pre-order tomorrow, November 19 at 11 a.m. Sony's fifth PlayStation 5 console, which was first released on November 12, 2020, is available only in certain countries. According to the Sony Store Thailand Facebook fan page, this booking will give gamers three options: buying a PlayStation 5 model with an Ultra HD Blu-ray disc reader paired with a DualSense wireless controller and TV XR-55X90J for $53,000. 490 baht second choice PlayStation 5 model with Ultra HD Blu-ray reader with DualSense wireless controller Total price 19,380 baht Last choice PlayStation 5 model with Ultra HD Blu-ray reader net price at 16,990 baht PlayStation 5 booking this round will take place on November 19, 2021, starting at 11:00 am via Sony Store Online. Consumers need to take the risk of buying more expensive products Source: Sony Store ThailandSPONSORED
Apple aims to enter the full driverless car market by 2025|Apple has previously expressed interest in breaking into the autonomous car market. But now the issue is back and Apple will be ready to enter new markets like cars by 2025. The driverless car project is known as Project Titan, and it is currently unknown whether apple's continuation of the autonomous car program will continue to operate with its original name. Much of the news that came out of the project was the arrival of various executives who took over, then soon resigned and were replaced by new executives, rather than information on where Project Titan had gone, according to Bloomberg News. Apple has now appointed Apple Watch software chief executive Kevin Lynch to take over the reins of autonomous vehicle development within four years. No throttle. Apple declined to comment on the news of the move to the driverless car project.Source: The Guardian, BloombergSPONSORED
DES discusses "Net2Home" project, pointing out the benefits of expanding access to UDD|DES discusses Net2Home project "Kalaya" pointing out the benefits of "creating jobs - generating income - reducing costs" for people "Economist" to suggest the Digital Commission to expand internet investment in Pracharat Marginal internet to reach the public on November 18, 2021 Miss KALAYA RUNGVIJITCHAI, SARABURI Pracharat Power Party As Chairman of the Communications Commission DES said last week that the commissioners' meeting was considering net2home social enterprises under the Thai Network Information Center Foundation. Install and manage the network by the community itself. The foundation only supports the cost of the initial equipment and the transfer of knowledge, making the sustainable approach through us implemented at Mae Kasa District, Tak Province since 2013 Originally, the service was limited to a few houses, but now it has expanded to cover nearly 400 houses, and the project has been expanded to other places such as Mae Ku, Tak, Chiang Dao, Chiang Mai, Bang Pla Ma, Suphan Buri, and most recently Rom Klao community. By adopting technology developed by InterLab that focuses on low cost, easy installation, maintenance. The quality is sufficient to be used in online teaching and learning due to the current situation of online classes. As a result, the demand for internet usage is increasing. Usually, most people in the community use mobile internet for their children to use for online classes. Therefore, the cost increases, but with this project, it helps to ease the burden of this very well. SponsoredMs. Kalaya said that this project is a good project that can be seen in practice for important reasons: 1. Create more jobs in the community, including technicians, installers, coordinators within the community. 2. People have a sense of network ownership because people in the community are involved in every step of network building and network management. There is no need to wait for service from service providers only according to the marginal net project or the public net. 3. With lower cost, it makes it more accessible to the public. In acceptable quality This has led to the reduction of the digital gap of people with significantly different income streams. Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan The List MP of the Bhumjaithai Party, as vice-chairman of the KMT, said that the project if the government or the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES) Have clear support or policy In bringing this home net project to the next level. From the Net Pracharat project or marginal internet. Make it consistent with the context of real internet usage. That facilitates easier access to the public. However, nowadays, through government programs, there are limitations and difficulties that need to be traveled to community internet centers or areas where cables are placed. In this regard, the Commissioner's view is that it is good to have cooperation with both entrepreneurs and the Foundation. In order to push for greater internet access, rather than seeing it as a competition for customers between each other, the issue will be discussed with relevant authorities. To draw conclusions in support of the realization of practicality soon.
Ed Sheeran prepares to hold concerts on Pokemon Go app |Niantic teamed up with celebrity artist Ed Sheeran. Create a buzz by preparing to hold a concert on the Pokemon Go app. When renowned artist and songwriter Ed Sheeran collaborated with Pokemon Go developer Niantic, Sheeran will play concerts within the popular game app. At this time, it is not clear what Ed Sheeran's concert will look like in Pokemon Go, but it is believed that Ed Sheeran's fans and Pokmon fans will want to see Ed Sheeran in the avatar. Also appears in this exclusive event. Ed Sheeran has never denied that he is a Pokemon fan because on his personal Instagram @teddysphotos he has posted pictures of Pokmon, such as himself with Snorlax dolls or cabikons. In terms of in-game concerts so far, 2021 is not uncommon. Over the past two years, artists have been consistently hosting concerts in the form of games. Ed Sheeran's concert on the Pokemon Go app will begin on November 22 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, around 2 a.m. on November 23 in Thailand, and the event will last until the end of November.  Source: The Verge
Nike partners with Roblox to create a metaverse world called Nikeland|Nike, which is serious about creating the metaverse, has announced a partnership with the popular game Roblox to create a virtual world called Nikeland. Read more: Nike has quietly arrived, but is ready to enter the metaverse. After filing seven trademarks, Nike's official website announced a partnership with Roblox, a game that was named as one of the games that helped create the mini metaverse. Nike also comes with exclusive costume items developed specifically for Roblox games, allowing players to dress up avatars of their choice, including clothes, pants and, of course, sneakers, which are costume items that people in the real world are crazy about. Nike's next plan is to excite Nikeland: if the real-life sports world is having a special event, it's going to happen. Whether it's the 2022 World Cup final or the Super Bowl final, Nikeland's world will melt the event into the Roblox virtual world. Before it was released in the basic real world, Nikeland was a service that was free to Roblox players. Before moving on to the next earning process, source: Nike
OPPO A95 smartphones under ten thousand Boost memory with up to 5GB of RAM expansion|OPPO has introduced a new smartphone to the Thai market, featuring the OPPO A95 under the glow design and ram expansion technology. The 5GBOPPO A95 is a 6.43-inch large-screen smartphone with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. The screen is AMOLED, the brightness is 430 nits, the screen area is frame-bound, and the screen is equipped with automatic eye care systemOPPO A95 comes with Android 11 operating system covered with ColorOS 11.1. No hardware delay Using the Qualcomm Snapdragon 662 chip and the Adreno 610 graphics chip, followed by another highlight of this story, ram expansion is an extra memory boost for extra fluidity. The OPPO A95 originally had 8GB of RAM, then added 5GB of this technology, for a maximum of 13GB. Anti-fingerprinting, durable to use and must feel good while in use for the OPPO A95, officially released on November 24. Priced at THB 9,499, it is available in two colors: Glowing Rainbow Silver and Glowing Starry Black.
Starbucks coffee shop uses Amazon Go's cashierless technology to debut at its first location in New York.|Starbucks A famous coffee shop that everyone knows well. Launch of a new cashier-free system using Amazon's Amazon Go technology, debuting at its first location on 59th Street, Starbucks and Amazon announcing a new partnership. Starbucks will deploy the technology used in the Amazon Go store to the Starbucks store on 59th Street in New York, between Central Park and Lexington. Lexington Avenues, a cashier-free coffee shop that is a joint venture between Starbucks and Amazon, will use the lengthy name Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go in 2021, before opening two more stores in New York in 2022. Start by ordering coffee through the Starbucks app on your smartphone, then go to the Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go branch on 59th Street and Lexington, pick up your ordered coffee, and walk out of the store. Focus on customers who want coffee or snacks and may not have enough time to respond to a barista or cashier. If you want to sit down and enjoy the taste of coffee inside the restaurant, you can do it. THE RESTAURANT ALSO PROVIDES SEATS AT THE STARBUCKS HIGH-TECH BRANCH. There will also be an Amazon Go service zone. The payment method, like other Amazon Go stores that opened earlier, is equipped with cameras and shelves that are particularly sensitive to weights to detect which items are out of the shelves. If any item is taken away, it will be placed in the application's cart. The in-app shopping cart will also disappear. The payment will be made via a credit card linked to the Amazon Go application for Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go stores opening today for the first day.
Meta postpones message encryption in Facebook and Instagram applications until 2023|Meta, the owner of Facebook and Instagram platforms, has delayed its plans to encrypt users' messages until 2023. It is expected to be taken seriously in 2023 from the original plan to be implemented in early 2022.Antigone Davis, head of meta security, has come forward to reveal the matter herself. We want users to use the most secure technology. For example, applications like Whatsapp, which has end-to-end encryption turned on, are what Facebook will continue to encrypt with the rest of the applications. What meta is doing in the moments after this Collecting insights from privacy and security experts to ensure that meta's approach has done the right thing, the delay is believed to have come from an organization that protects children's rights. There are concerns that encryption will contribute to child abuse because law enforcement and platform owners will not be able to access those messages. Only recipients and senders can see the current message, meta-affiliated applications. In 2020, it was reported that platforms from the technology industry THERE HAVE BEEN 21 MILLION CHILD ABUSE INCIDENTS ON THOSE PLATFORMS, AND MORE THAN 20 MILLION HAVE COME FROM PLATFORMS LIKE FACEBOOKSPONSORED DUE TO POSTPONED PLANS. It shows that launching end-to-end encryption for Facebook and Instagram isn't as easy as it sounds, but at least this feature is just delayed. It has not been cancelled, only to wait until 2023.
Apple puts employees back in the office In hybrid form Starting February 2022|Tim Cook disclosed in documents sent internally to employees. Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to all employees, with the text of the email mentioning his return to the office. After having to work from home since the covid-19 pandemic. Since then, returning to the office at Apple Park will be a hybrid work pilot, with employees having to work at the office for 1-2 days in February. Apple will increase the number of days employees can work remotely by four weeks a year. Apple is using a hybrid model to return to the office, as well as Google, but meta and Twitter. 100 percent open to remote workers Source: NBC News
ByteDance closes EdTech business unit in India|TikTok's parent company ByteDance is set to close its EdTech business unit in India. According to a bytedance source, Chinese tech companies have shut down their education technology (EdTech) operations in India, with Bytedance having previously disbanded its divisions and laid off workers in China's EdTech business due to President Xi Jinping's government. He said education businesses must be in a non-profit model previously. Bytedance, which will decide to close its EdTech business unit in India, has spent weeks talking within the management group. Employees within the Indian EdTech business, which has about 30 lives, may move to ByteDance's EdTech team in Europe instead of deciding to close their EdTech business in India. It is possible that the political situation between China and India is not very good. After the two countries had a confrontation along the border, where the conflict began with claims over territory on the border afterwards, the Indian government decided to ban applications originating from China. In addition, according to TechCrunch, employees of ByteDance in India have been ordered not to disclose the issue to the pressSource: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Apple sues NSO Group for spying on users|Apple has decided to file a lawsuit against Israeli company NSO Group, the developer of spyware called Pegasus. The NSO Group has recently been banned by President Joe Biden because its approach to the NSO Group is contrary to U.S. foreign policy and security interests. While the attack targeted a handful of users, it affected users on multiple platforms, including the Android operating system. It is intended to prohibit the NSO Group from using Apple products and services to damage any other person. The lawsuit also seeks remedies for NSO Group's violation of U.S. federal and state laws with Pegasus' spyware program. Political dissenters, academics, and government officials Even in the past, the NSO Group has tried to say that Pegasus is being used as a form of counterterrorism. Apple's senior vice president of software engineering said: It is the safest on the market, but private companies that develop spyware with state support are becoming more dangerous. Although cybersecurity threats affect only a handful of customers. But Apple is serious about this, and Apple will protect the privacy of its iOS operating system for the safety of apple users. Apple is in the process of alerting a number of users that Apple finds may be targeted, and if Apple detects an action that could be considered a state-sponsored spyware attack, it will continue to alert users in its statement. Revealed vulnerabilities at NSO Group Apple said it would donate $10 million to organizations conducting research and supporting cyber surveillance.
Popsicle Prith believes StartDee can continue to be strong even after the COVID-19 era.|StartDee, an Education Technology startup or EdTech, believes the online education market can continue. Even after the covid-19 pandemic, Mr. Prith Watcharasindu The Chief Executive Officer of Education Technology Co., Ltd. revealed that after StartDee, a startup that provides educational services in online channels, the company has been working on a number of initiatives. It has been open for a year and has received positive feedback with a total of 1.3 million downloads. That's up from mid-2021, which at that time had about 600,000 downloads. In the members section, tens of thousands of users have already reached the ranks. Read more: Opening up another world of "Popsicle Prith" CEO of StartDee Education is the foundation of the country's development. According to a survey conducted by Sea Group, online learning will continue to gain popularity. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic is over, more than 70 percent of respondents will continue to use online learning apps. Throughout COVID-19 Educational applications are second only to social media apps. Sea Group's data is in line with startdee's survey, where learners will continue to use online supplementary learning. After COVID-19 The end of the main reason is that StartDee has a wide range of subjects that can be learned anywhere and gives students more free time to go to other activities. When they arrived at the classroom, they discussed the material they had studied earlier. This educational model enables critical thinking, student interaction, and teamwork. Under the concept of One for All and All in One to meet the needs of all groups of learners in the One for All group, it can be divided into groups that want to review only the subjects that are doubtful or interested. While the group of students who want to study extra but are stuck with money, StartDee said it is now partnering with the Education Equality Fund. For free support for StartDee's tuition fees, the All in One content section caters to individual learners. Under the service called StartDee Class, there is content that is both video. The exercises are assigned, exams and academic performance analysis will be conducted at 60 schools in Rayong province, including English Academy by StartDee, an English language course. From the University of Cambridge Thai and foreign teachers are supervised in tandem. For students ages 7-18, StartDee currently has around ten thousand teaching clips. OVER 400,000 EXERCISES AND 2,000 SUMMARY SHEETS.SPONSORED
Vivo V23e 5G launched, 44MP selfie front camera and 50MP rear camera Price 12,999 Baht|Vivo launches new smartphone For the Thai market, the Vivo V23e 5G focuses on the camera, with a 44-megapixel front selfie camera and a 50-megapixel rear camera. At a price of 12,999 baht, Vivo ended 2021 with the launch of a new smartphone that pays special attention to cameras, the Vivo V23e 5G. The front camera has a resolution of 44 megapixels. Pampering selfies with AF The Eye Autofocus feature autofocuses on the eyes and supports taking selfies at night. With AI Extreme Night mode, there are three rear cameras: a 50-megapixel main camera; Wide camera, 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel macro camera Portrait is supported with Multi-Style Portrait mode, while video shooting features a split-screen dual-view function to record both the front and rear cameras at the same time, along with Steadiface Selfie Video, which locks the face for a steady and sharp image. For people who shoot VLOG, especially Vivo V23e 5G It has a screen size of 6.44 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. The 20:9 aspect ratio is android 11 and is covered by Funtouch 12, mediatek's chipset in the Dimensity 810 5G model, supports 69 percent fast charging in 30 minutes, and has a 4050 mAh battery for Vivo V23e 5G.
Samsung discontinues galaxy note 20 production process, no plans to launch new models in 2022|It looks like Samsung's Galaxy Note series smartphones are coming to an end. It was later reported that in 2022, Samsung has no plans to launch a smartphone in the series, with the galaxy note 20 being discontinued. South Korea's IT news agency reported that it is very likely that Samsung will not launch a new smartphone. Under the Galaxy Note series in 2022, which is in line with the news that Samsung Samsung's smartphone launch direction next year, especially in the flagship smartphone segment, will be the Galaxy S22 as the main spearhead, along with smartphones from the Galaxy Z series, which includes Galaxy Z Fold4 and Galaxy Z Flip4ET. Samsung has already announced that the Galaxy Note 21 will not be launched this year due to a chipset shortage. But those who follow the news in the technology industry all agree in the same direction that Samsung There is more thought of canceling galaxy note production. Smartphones in the main series, the Galaxy S, also have larger screen sizes. Samsung has seen the opportunities and possibilities of foldable smartphones that seem to be the future of smartphone manufacturing. In addition, smartphones in the Galaxy S21 Ultra and Galaxy Z Fold3 segments now support features like the S Pen, so the Galaxy Note series of smartphones is hardly left with the highlights of the previous one.
Sony and AMC capture the digital asset trend, develop NFT Spider-Man: No Way Home collectible cards|With the ongoing NFT trend, Sony and AMC cinemas are giving away special cards from the upcoming movie Spider-Man: No Way Home, which is limited to 86,000 copies, one of the world's most anticipated films, Spider-Man: No Way Home, which is scheduled to be released in Thailand on December 23. On the U.S. side. Sony and AMC cinemas have joined forces to create 86,000 copies of Spider-Man: No Way Home collectible cards in the form of NFTs.
Jack Dorsey opens up three questions about resigning as CEO of Twitter|Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey has resigned as Twitter's chief executive officer with immediate effect, with the chief operating officer parag Agrawal taking over the post. Although Jack Dorsey has resigned as Twitter CEO, he remains a director until next year. Around May, Jack Dorsey, 45, first served as Twitter CEO from 2006 to 2008 and returned as CEO in 2015. Therefore, it is the right time to decide to resign for the first 3 reasons. Parak Agrawal, who understands the company best, is behind the decisions made during the past crises to confidently become the CEO of the company and also identifies the talents of the new CEO, from creativity to humility character, etc. The company has a well-rounded, capable and committed team that can drive Twitter even better. "I believe with my heart", last October. Twitter reported Q3 2021 revenue of $1.28 billion, up 37 percent compared to the same period last year, but a loss of $537 million, while profit of $29 million last year due to litigation-related expenses. As for the number of Twitter users, Q3 increased by 5 million accounts, with approximately 211 million daily active accounts.
Get to know Parag Agrawal, Twitter's new CEO|Twitter has undergone a new change, with Parak Agrawal becoming CEO instead. He has been working for Twitter since 2011. Social media platform providers A new CEO has been launched, with Chief Technology Officer Parag Agrawal set to become the new CEO, replacing Jack. Jack Dorsey is one of the co-founders of Twitter. It must be said that the name Parak Agrawal may not be very familiar to people in the industry and outside the tech industry. In fact, Agrawal has worked for Twitter since 2011 as a software engineer before becoming CTO or Chief Technology Officer in 2017, one of Jack Dorsey's trusted workers, and has worked as a right-handed since Dorsey returned as Twitter CEO in 2015. During his time as CEO of the company. According to The Verge, Agrawal used to help solve password security problems and was one of the company's key engineers. Agrawal has also excelled in creating machine learning and artificial intelligence for Twitter, to being at the helm of a project called Bluesky, Twitter's attempt to create a decentralized social media. Reports related to Riniarson's crypto team will also be sent directly to Agrawal. Agrawal's most challenging task after this is to make Twitter grow more than it already is, especially as TikTok has grown significantly due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and this could include the various charges facing social media companies. That is, being a platform full of heterosexuality and making adolescent self-confidence disappear for Agrawal's age story. According to The Verge, Twitter's new CEO He is 37 years old at the time of the Wikipedia website. The exact age is not specified, but it does write that it is between 37 and 38 years old. A large number of Indian CEOs are used. These include Alphabet and Google, which have Sundar. Pichai has been at the helm of the big ship for years, as has Microsoft with Satya. Nadella In addition, IBM, Adobe and VMWare have Indian CEOs.Source: The Verge, The GuardianSPONSORED
FIFA is preparing to use AI to help referees look at issues that are particularly advanced. Start playing in the Arab Cup|FIFA (FIFA), the organization responsible for organizing football matches, including the World Cup. Prepare to adopt AI technology by looking at the problems ahead or offside of the players. In the Arab Cup and next year's World Cup, the issue of advancement is one of the big problems in football, because many times in the case of advance, there is a standard for determining which ball is advanced or not very accurate. FIFA Called semi-automatic offside technology, the technology uses cameras installed at various points, such as the roof of the field, and then sends images to the officer's room and processes them in real time. When it comes to advancing, technology is already helping to make judgments. Var technology, for example, is highly questioned, as VAR footage doesn't have a detailed image and a frame rate that's perfect enough to match the exact timing of the ball leaving the player's feet. The problem that follows is that during football league matches, referees on the pitch have to spend a lot of time seeing how the attacking player scores. Is there a real breakthrough? As a result, the continuity of the football game is frustrating, and it is frustrating for fans of both teams to come to terms with the team they are cheering for. To get a goal or concede a goal, Pierre-Luigi Collina. A former football referee who was once regarded as the world's best referee. It was revealed that VAR had a positive impact on the football world. The number of missed thoughts and moments has decreased, but it will have to evolve, and the advancement of semi-automatic advanced technology will be introduced in the Arab Cup, which runs from November 30 to December 18. This technology will be used at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
David Marcus, head of cryptocurrency, resigned from Meta effective at the end of the year.|David Marcus, who founded the cryptocurrency Meta as Libra, has resigned from the company, effective at the end of this year. As for the reason for his resignation, there is no definitive disclosure, David. David Marcus, facebook's current head of cryptocurrency, or meta. An official announcement was made Tuesday local time in the United States about his resignation, which will take effect at the end of this year. It comes after Meta attempted to push its own cryptocurrency, Libra, to send cryptocurrency through meta's platforms, but failed to launch it. It aims to launch in 2020, which is why the Libra project cannot be started. Although the project was later renamed Diem, the project did not see the light because regulators around the world and law enforcement officials were so focused on the launch of Facebook's digital currency that it eventually had to change from its original location to a digital wallet called Novi. Stephane Kasriel for Marcus had gone through major events before joining Meta, where he was president of PayPal (PayPal). He then joined Facebook as vice president of Facebook's services. He became head of the cryptocurrency business unit in 2016. 2018.Source: CNBCSPONSORED
UK Agencies Issued an order for Facebook to sell the Giphy website.|The Competition and Markets Authority has ordered Facebook to sell its gif file company Giphy as a separate company to stop Facebook's market dominance in its social media meta business. Forcing Meta to sell Giphy will help stop meta's power increase in social media businesses, competition agencies and markets. Giphy has been investigating meta's acquisition of Giphy since last year for $400 million, making it the largest provider of GIF images in the internet world, widely used on all platforms, including Twitter and snapchat. The acquisition raises concerns that it will monopolize competition and that allowing Meta to sell Giphy will promote competition and innovation in the field of digital advertising. That's the story. If no action is taken, it is worrying that Facebook will have even more marketing power in its social media business through access and control over Giphy's GIF files. Meta is in the process of deciding and considering all options, including appeals.
Apple notifies suppliers iPhone 13 demand drops|From the issue of chipset shortage As a result, Apple is struggling with declining demand for the iPhone 13, Bloomberg news agency reported. Demand for Apple's flagship smartphone iPhone 13 among consumers is declining as consumers decide not to wait for such a hard-to-buy device anymore. It is possible that consumers may choose to look for other brands at the same time. The emergence of Omicron strains of COVID Omicron has caused new concerns among consumers. The decision was made not to buy the iPhone 13 this year and instead chose to wait to buy the new iPhone 14 because the iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 have not changed much. Apple had already informed its suppliers ahead of the iPhone 13 release, which had set a target of 90 million units of its flagship smartphone sales throughout 2021. Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive officer, admitted that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected its production base, causing Apple to lose up to $6 billion in sales opportunities and is expected to continue to be affected this quarter. Declined to comment on Bloomberg's report Source: BloombergSPONSORED
The FTC blocked Nvidia's $40 billion deal to acquire Arm, citing the reason for the opportunity to discourage competitors.|The Federal Trade Commission said Thursday it was blocking Invidia's $40 billion acquisition of Invidia's Arm. However, the deal has raised concerns among many parties, particularly those who are already wondering whether Invidia will exclude its competitors from Arm technology because Arm supplies the technology architecture needed for semiconductor-related companies. It affects the smartphone industry, networking, and the automotive industry. The fact that Arm fell to Invidia would cause Arm to lose its neutrality, raising concerns about whether Invidia would take this opportunity, discourage competitors from using Arm's technology, and whether arm's trade secrets with the tech company would go into Invidia's hands to gain an advantage. Invidia's acquisition of Arm is expected to be hampered in many other sectors, particularly on the side of the European Commission, which has already begun an in-depth investigation.
Google prepares to launch Pixel Watch next year Aim to fight your Apple Watch|Google plans to develop its own smartwatch to challenge the market-leading Apple Watch, which is now codenamed Rohan. Pixel's plans for next year have come off as they prepare to launch smart watches under the Pixel brand. Pixel for the first time to compete for wearable market share. It must be noted that Apple Watch is currently considered to be the elder of this market, occupying a 22 percent market share. Pixel has a code name called Rohan, the design is likely to be in a round dial. With built-in health and fitness sensors, the development of the Rohan code-name smart watch is another Google secret. This watch is called by a variety of names, sometimes called pixel watch, sometimes Android watch. There is minimal chance of getting information about this project. There have long been serious attempts to break into the wearable devices market since the acquisition of Fitbit. But from the information as far as it is revealed. It seems fitbit may not be related to Rohan codenames at a meeting of senior management groups. According to the Rohan smartwatch codename, it will be launched from March to May of next year, but everything can change. If the development is unsuccessful, it is also reported that Google has merged the Fitbit Group with the Devices and Services division in order to provide all future devices of Fitbit. It works seamlessly with the Wear OS, which is now called Nightlight.
"Pao Tang" topped the list of popular applications 2021 on the App Store category Top free charts|Paotang One of the most well-known applications in Thailand has become a popular application in the category of free download apps. According to Apple's annual App Store Awards 2021 campaign, Apple collects popular applications from categories ranging from game categories. Popular Apps This year, the App Store Awards 2021 in the category of popular free apps, the Pao Tang application developed by Krung Thai Bank ranked first, while in the game category, as expected, RoV also took first place, with the second place belonging to Free Fire, another game from Garena.
Committee for the Dictionary of Contemporary Communication Terminology Two new coinings, "the universe" and "metaverse."|Office of the Royal Society Clarification on the coining of the words universe and metaverse comes from the resolution of the Committee for the Dictionary of Contemporary Communication Terms. Insist on using any word since Facebook under Mark's leadership. Zuckerberg The company decided to rebrand its name from Facebook to Meta in line with the company's approach to the metaverse. There's a lot of talk about the metaverse. Recently, in the online world, there was talk about the issue that the Royal Academy of Sciences has coined the word metaverse in Thai with the word Universe Narumit, the Thairath Online news team contacted the Office of the Royal Academy of Sciences before receiving a reply that the coining of the word that is being talked about in the social media world is a resolution of the Committee for the Preparation of a Dictionary of Contemporary Communication Terms. On December 2nd, it coined two words, "universe" and "metaverse", but the metaverse is an IT term and therefore is within the scope of the committee's work on the dictionary of computer terms and information technology. THE COMMITTEE FOR THE CREATION OF A DICTIONARY OF COMPUTER AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HAS NOT YET COINED THE TERM METAVERSE, WHICH, IF COINED, MAY BE THE SAME OR DIFFERENT", IS A RESOLUTION OF THE 'COMMITTEE FOR THE PREPARATION OF A DICTIONARY OF CONTEMPORARY COMMUNICATION TERMS' ON DECEMBER 2, 2021, WHICH HAS COINED TWO WORDS, UNIVERSE AND METAVERSE. However, the term metaverse falls within the scope of the 'Computer and Information Technology Dictionary Committee' (both of which are academic committees of the Royal Academy of Sciences) because it is an IT term. If enacted, it may be the same or different from what the Committee for the Dictionary of Contemporary Communication Sciences has coined," the Office of the Royal Society concluded, adding that the matter is currently in the process of being convened and will be officially announced again.
Sony opens the Xperia Pro-I at 56,990 Baht and the Xperia 5 III at 34,990 Baht.|Sony Thailand Two new smartphones from the Xperia series, the Xperia Pro-I and Xperia 5 III, have been announced. Available at 56,990 baht and 34,990 baht, respectively, the Xperia Pro-I and Xperia 5 III have been announced in Thailand. The large sensor supports Sony's original image signal processor. Sony also says that this smartphone The Xperia Pro-I is available in Thailand for 56,990 BAHT. The Xperia 5 III is another high-end Sony smartphone. It has a screen size of 6.1 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2520 pixels. OLED display supports 1 billion colors Refresh rate 120Hz The processor chip used in the Xperia 5 III includes the Qualcomm SM8350 Snapdragon 888 5G, running under the Android 11 operating system, with 3 rear camerasSPONSORED.
Duolingo unveils new Netflix and TikTok report pushing people to learn new languages|Duolingo, a well-known language teaching application, released its second report of 2021, revealing that due to the popularity of Netflix and the heat of the TikTok application, it gives people the opportunity to understand and learn new languages. Language teaching providers, which are applications available on iOS and Android as well as on websites, have explored new language learning trends and found that Netflix and TikTok are key variables in duo Lingo's reported language learning. About 70 percent of respondents said TV shows could encourage them to learn a new language. The most cited TV shows include Money Heist or La Casa de Papel, a Spanish heist and crime series. This was followed by the Squid Game series, which went viral around the world, and the popularity of learning South Korean at 28 percent, Emily in Paris. 20 percent of French were learned, 16 percent were in Germany's Dark series, and 16 percent were French-speaking Lupin, according to data obtained by Duolingo. It can be easily extended into a marketing strategy. So there's a possibility that in the second season of the Emily in Paris series. Duolingo will develop content that wheels around the series. The growth of TikTok apps since the COVID-19 pandemic has also helped encourage people to learn a new language, with 29 percent of respondents saying that watching videos in other languages makes them interested enough in other languages to make them want to learn. That number will increase by up to 40 percent if the current TikTok user is a Gen Z user. Since its inception in 2011, it is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with nearly 40 languages to learn around the world.
Apple prepares to reshape the design of the iPad Pro, iMac and Mac Pro.|Bloomberg's Power On column reveals Apple's new product line-up, with the chance to see the launch of the new iPhone SE 2022 in 2021. It's declining, as consumers are buying more to wait for the iPhone 14 than markerman. German said Apple is likely to reshape its design in a range of product ranges, from the design of the iPad Pro that can support wireless charging, while the Mac lineup, such as the new MacBook Air, is likely to see its launch in 2022, alongside the high-end iMac that will support the Apple Silicon chipset.
Samsung restructures, unites mobile and electrical appliances divisions Aim to compete with Apple|Samsung underwent a major restructuring for the first time since 2017, combining its mobile and consumer electronics divisions, simplifying the company's structure and focusing on competing with Apple. As a result of this merger, Jong-Hee Han will become the new CEO when the merger takes place. Samsung has three main businesses: 1. Consumer Electronics, 2. Device Solutions, and 3. IT Mobile Communications, leaving only Device Solutions and a new division that combines Consumer Electronics and IT Mobile Communications. To simplify the operational structure. In addition, it helps Samsung to focus its business better. For competing with Apple in the case of Apple. It can be seen that smartphones, computers, TVs and other products can be connected seamlessly, but Samsung has not been able to connect like Apple smoothly. This merger of business units may resolve this issue.Source: BloombergSPONSORED
IDC reveals Q3 2021 wearables growth of nearly 10 percent due to hearables|International Data Corporation (IDC) released its Q3 2021 wearable inventory report, growing by nearly 10 percent compared to the same period last year, with Apple still holding the largest market share. It is also stated that at this time, Consumers aren't just looking for wearables that act more than just watches. Apple holds a market share of 28.8 percent, down from 3.6 percent, while Samsung and Xiaomi share of 9.2 percent, Huawei with 7.9 percent market share and Indian Imagine Marketing in fifth place with a market share of 7.2 percent.
OPPO releases teaser showing prototype of innovative retractable camera|OPPO released a prototype of its own imaging innovation, a retractable camera. Get a dipping sauce before OPPO Inno Day. The short 15-second video preview is a representation of Oppo's camera innovation, a new design that stretches and keeps it in place. In the example of such a short video. Oppo It shows that their future smartphones will be waterproof, including in the event that the mobile is dropped. The camera's system automatically shrinks. The module of the camera is considered quite large. With a 1/1.56" sensor size, a 50mm lens and an aperture of f/2.4, zoom images will be improved in quality. Before it was officially released, source: The VergeSPONSORED
Instagram prepares to re-display your feed chronologically Starting next year|Instagram has revealed that it is in the process of reintroducing its chronological feed display system, instagram Twitter account @InstagramComms revealed that Instagram wants people to have meaningful control over their experiences. And now, we're working on alternatives through chronological post impressions from users you've followed previously. Impressions on Instagram feeds are also listed in chronological order, but they changed in 2016, coming out in the form of posts based on the calculations of the Instagram algorithm. Impressions must be reintroduced in order from the timeline of the users we follow. It's because in recent times Instagram has been hit hard. From depriving teens of self-confidence to attacking them as toxic platforms, because with the presentation of the algorithm after this, it is believed that Instagram users will be able to freely choose whether to display the posts as the algorithm deems important, or to chronological order for the new Instagram approach.
Samsung partners with Microsoft to develop AR glasses expected to be released in 2024|In the near future We may see a new partnership. Microsoft and Samsung are developing an augmented reality eyeglass project, according to South Korea's Elec website. An AR glasses project jointly developed between Microsoft and Samsung The details of this partnership between Microsoft and Samsung are unclear as to which company will manufacture the hardware or which company will develop the software. To say that this is going to create a metaverse world is a joint creation between Microsoft and Samsung giants in the past. Before Facebook even rebranded to the meta for AR technology, it was not the technology that Microsoft had just invested in for the first time, but Microsoft developed AR a long time ago by producing a device called HoloLens and was used in the U.S. military.
Facebook tests new 'Professional' system Creator's new revenue stream|Meta, formerly known as Facebook, introduced a new earning system called Professional Mode, which began piloting tests on some users in the U.S. Meta. Facebook announced the launch of a new creator earning tool called Professional Mode. The Facebook Fanpage is familiar to us, but Professional Mode is in the form of a profile instead. Inside, there will be insights. From audience information to shares, to comments, the reason why meta opens Professional Mode is another way to earn money for creators. Many creators are creating content through their own Facebook profiles instead of creating a page system at this time. It's also an opportunity to generate new revenue, such as a star casting system for creators, as well as setting up a fund to mold new creators on the feature. Reels on Instagram, with a whopping $1 billion to compete with TikTok and YouTube Shorts for Professional Mode, is now available to some creators based in the U.S. and is likely to expand testing to other countries around the world.
Nikkei Asia reports Apple halted production of iPhones and iPads for the first time in 10 years|For the first time in ten years, Apple has paused production of iPhones and iPads. As a result of supply chain issues, buying iPhones and iPads over Christmas can be as difficult as it has been known since the COVID-19 pandemic. Nikkei Asia recently halted production of iPhones and iPads for several days due to supply chain constraints and energy constraints at Chinese factories. Asia further stated that usually in the last quarter of the year, iPhone and iPad factories will allow employees to work overtime. 24-hour shifts are divided to increase production rates and ensure that all products are sufficient to meet the needs of people around the world. Especially during Christmas, when there is a lot of shopping. This year, there was no overtime, and employees were given extra rest because the production line had to be temporarily suspended because the supply chain was not enough to produce, a supply chain manager told Nikkei Asia that due to the limitations of parts and chipsets, it was not unreasonable to work overtime on holidays. Apple has planned to produce the iPhone, especially the iPhone 13, in a number of ways, including reducing the production capacity of the iPad in order to produce the iPhone 13, Apple's most important product, but ultimately not enough to produce it. Currently, there are only about 83 million units left for that reason, Apple CEO Tim Cook has admitted that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of units is only 83 million. As a result, the company lost the opportunity to generate around $6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter.
What does the most popular search terms on Google 2021 say about Thailand?|Thailand's top Google search terms in 2021 or 2021 still indicate interest in the subject of the stomach. livelihood It's not much different from 2020 or 2020 because it's the year of COVID-19. The pandemic doesn't stop, but unlike the interest in 2019 or 2019, let's start looking at 2021. The top 10 most popular search terms are the top 3 about receiving government remedies, especially the number 1 is the word we win, where people need help. After losing a job, income decreases. The economy is in crisis because of the covid pandemic. So I wanted to find out what it was and how to register for it. The second part, of course, is the interest in COVID, as well as covid vaccines. There is only the Popcat Loy Krathong application online. As for the drama, there is only one drama, Sida Basket, compared to 2020, where 5 out of 10 most popular search terms are about government relief programs because it is the first year that the world has been shocked by COVID-19. If you look back at 2019, you'll discover that the most popular search terms of 2019 are still enjoying the entertainment nearby. It's like watching a TV series. Although the no.1 search term of 2019 is the tasting and shopping program, it encourages people to shop and be happy. As for the other words, there are 6 places that people are interested in dramas that are broadcast on TV, such as cages, karma, mistresses. WHILE THE MOST POPULAR SEARCH TERMS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES SUCH AS THE UNITED STATES ARE NBA, THE WORD BASKETBALL IS USED, AS ARE AUSTRALIA AND SINGAPORE. India despite COVID-19 But the no. 1 search term is the Indian Premier League, for example.
OPPO to unveil first foldable smartphone Find N at OPPO Inno Day 2021|More details will be revealed at OPPO Inno Day 2021. Oppo's foldable smartphone will come as OPPO Find N, and it is expected that the in-depth details of this smartphone will be revealed. At OPPO Inno Day 2021 from December 14-15, OPPO Find N is the smartphone that OPPO has been working on. Spending 4 years of research and development, the highlight of OPPO Find N is that it is a smartphone that focuses on aesthetics in design. Importantly, OPPO Find N must be easy to use, all through a thought process that analyzes the weaknesses or strengths of the foldable smartphones on the market, and then improves them into this smartphone from the teaser released by OPPO. It can be seen that the OPPO Find N has a folding appearance similar to a book, or if you compare it simply, it is the same as the Galaxy Z Fold3, it has a screen on the outside and inside for more details of OPPO Find N.
Samsung sets up new DX Division after merging electrical and mobile appliances division|Samsung unveils new division name, which combines business units between appliances and mobile divisions. Named DX Division, the official statement on Samsung's website. DX Division stands for Device eXperience. The main goal of combining the electronics and mobile divisions to meet consumer demand for as many diverse electronic devices as possible. Samsung Galaxy, which can include Galaxy S22, smart TVs, vacuum cleaners to refrigerators, fuses seamlessly homogeneously. Samsung's internal structure overlaps, so overall operation is not very smooth. This consolidation of the department is the dissolution of such overlapping working areas into Samsung. It is hoped that this consolidation will increase the chances of competing with Apple, a major competitor in management, with Jong-Hee Han as CEO and leading the new division to further success beyond the mobile and consumer electronics business. In the structure of the DX Division, there are many other small businesses such as Visual Display, Health & Medical Equipment Business, and Networking. (MX Business and Networks Business).Source: Samsung NewsroomSPONSORED
Microsoft rushes to release Microsoft Teams patch after Android users can't find 911 call bug|Android users have encountered problems with the Microsoft Teams application due to the inability to dial 911. A review by Google, the developer of the Android operating system, revealed that the problem is likely to occur to users who downloaded the Microsoft Teams application but did not log in and use Android 10 or later. As a result, the application bug blocks emergency calls like 911. Acknowledging the issue, we have begun issuing an update to resolve the issue. The patch update will be released on January 4, 2022. Start by uninstalling the application (Uninstall), then log in to Microsoft Teams and wait for the new version from Microsoft.
Baidu joins the Metaverse as Xi Rang, serving hundreds of thousands of users.|Baidu is the latest Chinese company to jump into the Metaverse, following in the footsteps of Tencent and Alibaba. The first metaverse product, called Xi Rang, or transcribed in English as Land of Hope, is scheduled to launch on December 27 at the Baidu Artificial Intelligence Developers' Conference. Baidu's vice president and project leader Xi Rang said the metaverse is still in the early stages of development. It took a long time to successfully build a metaverse community, the concept of the metaverse has spread throughout the world, technology companies. After the announcement of Facebook's rebranding to Meta, it eventually caused a stir and excitement in the new metaverse. Companies in China that have shown themselves and moved that are ready to go the metaverse are Tencent and Alibaba, both of which have already registered their trademarks. In China, it's been a tough chase for high-tech companies. The creation of the metaverse in China also has the status of a ghost child, not least a child. With Beijing having previously purged tech companies, there are concerns about whether Beijing will take over the metaverse in the countries behind the Chinese Wall.
Sony releases PlayStation 5 case in 5 colours starting January 2022|After the release of the PlayStation 5 through its first year, it was completed. Entering the second year Sony announces the release of PS5 cases available in 5 colors. Blue and purple. The release cover is available on both PS5 models that support Blu-ray discs and ps5 digital versions in the release timeline section for two cycles, with the first round coming in January 2022. The remaining three colors will follow in the first half of the year. 2022 In addition to the machine cover. Sony Purple DualSense For Sale Blue and pink come out to match each other as well. Released in January 202 as wellSPONSORED's PS5 cover announcement comes a few days after Sony said they had patented the PS5 cover.
Instagram blocked an artist account using the @Metaverse account name before getting it back.|The Australian artist revealed that after Facebook rebranded her to Meta, her account @Metaverse for decades was blocked, along with all her missing works. @Metaverse She said that on November 2, her account was deactivated with a message that appeared to be blocked by her account for impersonating @Metaverse someone else. She also has an Augmented Reality company called Metaverse Makeovers, a month after she filed an appeal. The New York Times asked meta how this happened, before answering that it was deleting the wrong account, for which Instagram apologized for @metaverse the mistake.
iPhone 14 upgrades 48MP camera resolution Add iPhone 14 Max instead of mini model|Analysts estimate Apple is preparing to add a new model called the iPhone 14 Max with stronger specs, especially for the Jeff Pu camera. Technology Analyst Unveiling upcoming changes to Apple's flagship smartphone iPhone 14 The iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max models are the same as the 6.1-inch and 6.7-inch models, while the 6.1-inch models will have the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro, while the 6.7-inch models will be iPhone 14 Max and iPhone 14 Pro Max. The same 12 megapixels based on camera data is in line with what Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst at TF International Securitie, predicted in April 2021. In September 2022 Source: MacRumorsSPONSORED
OPPO unveils monocle-style retro glasses called Air Glass, a design inspired by cicada wings|At OPPO Inno Day 2021, OPPO unveiled a wearable device that resembles a monogle, marketed as Air Glass. The glasses feature Micro LED and an optical waveguide display that supports four types of interactions: touch, sound, head movement, and hand movement. Air Glass has used language in designs that emphasize simplicity. The design of the monocular waveguide lens is inspired by the wings of cicadas on the processing chip side of the platform. Air Glass connects the Smart Glass application on OPPO Watch 2 and all OPPO smartphones equipped with ColorOS 11 or later, with support for basic applications including weather forecast, calendar, health and sponsored translation. Translation can be called one of the points where Oppo Try to present as many functions as possible. When enabled, audio from the interlocutor is entered and converted to text. Oppo Air Glass now supports Chinese-English translations for Chinese-Japanese and Chinese-Korean, to be added later. It is scheduled to launch in Q1 2022 in China. Available in 2 colors: black and white.
The owner of bored ape NFT set the wrong price, changed his life, paid almost 10 million baht.|According to the CNET website, the owner of an NFT work named Max, or pseudonym maxnaut, announced the sale price of the NFT artwork of the work called Bored Ape NFTmax, intending to sell the Bored Ape NFT for about U.S. $300,000 (about 10 million baht). The price to pay for filling in the wrong price has been set up by a bot programmed to find a lower price for artwork. Buy a quick face cut The kind that the salesman hasn't caught up with yet, regrets. The product in front of me was already fleeting to the eye. The amount of money that should be 100 times or about 10 million baht in the trading industry, both stock and crypto trading. Called fat-finger, i.e. accidentally hitting the wrong button, the Bored Ape series is considered one of the most popular NFTs among collectors, with the collection containing 10 thousand pieces. Each photo has a slightly different appearance, such as laser glasses and sunglasses, with many celebrities interested in the collection, including Jimmy Fallon. AND STEPHEN CURRY IS A THREE-POINT COMEBACK FOR THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS IN NBA BASKETBALL.
Apple aims to expand its team for wireless chipsets, reducing dependence on external companies.|Apple is preparing to scale up its wireless chip development team by setting up a new office in Southern California, hoping to manufacture its own electronic chipsets. Reduce dependence on external partners, bloomberg news agency reports. Apple said it is considering hiring additional engineers for its new Southern California office, which focuses on manufacturing wireless chipsets including wireless radios, radio frequency circuits and semiconductors for bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Apple has already produced its own CPU chipset. Better known as Apple M1, Apple M1 Pro and Apple M1 Max, available on MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, Intel, which manufactures chipsets for Apple computers, has been affected by Apple's turn to chipsets on their own. The various wireless chipsets used in Apple devices. They hired Broadcom Inc. and Skyworks Solutions Inc. to supply wireless chipsets, however, Apple denied news of the expansion of the team for the production of wireless chipsets, according to Bloomberg.
Ubisoft is bleeding non-stop, elite employees are gradually resigning.|Ubisoft, a well-known French game developer, is facing major problems as game developers are gradually leaving the company in large numbers. Kind of unprecedented, Ubisoft. One of the world's leading gaming companies that has deposited a lot of masterpieces such as Assassins' Creed, Watch Dogs, as well as adaptations of Tom Clancy's novels, Rainbow Six and Ghost Recon. Over the past 18 months, an axios website report revealed that Ubisoft, a game development company with more than 18,000 employees worldwide, is one of the largest companies in the global gaming industry. By Ubisoft Game Developers It was decided that it was time to resign. There are several reasons for this. For example, policies from the headquarters in France that affect the way and the creation of games, followed by relatively low wages, employees seeing better growth in other companies, to workplace scandals, which erupted in mid-2020. The workplace scandal saw former employees and current employees sign letters criticizing Ubisoft for not doing enough efforts to reform corporate culture to address the problems brewed by some of the company's executives. Choose to ignore the claims or concerns of employees, but emphasize that employees continue to work. Axios' report makes it clear that the group of employees who have resigned earlier Many of them are top employees of the company and are among the key game developers of Far Cry 6 and Assassin's Creed Valhalla. It affects the company's future projects quite a bit and is likely to cause any new games scheduled for future releases to be disrupted or delayed.
Nintendo launches official website in Thailand|Nintendo, a well-known game and gaming console manufacturer, has announced that it is back in Thailand. It launched its official website with information about Nintendo after Nintendo was long gone from marketing in Thailand. latest Nintendo (Southeast Asia) fan page Opening of Nintendo's official website For residents of Thailand. On Nintendo's website, information about Nintendo is provided, from the Nintendo Switch, games, to the key Nintendo characters that people know well from Super Mario and The Legend of Zelda. Nintendo Switch for the first time to Nintendo's after-sales service channel. According to the announcement on the official website, there are 3 companies: JD Central, Jaymart and MM Soft.
Chinese Hei 'Earth Science Satellite' The first batch of photos has been sent back to Earth.|China's 'Earth Science Satellite' The first remote survey photos have been sent back to Earth. The latter was launched into space shortly ago on Dec. 21, 2021. Xinhua News Agency Report China Academy of Sciences (CAS), developer of earth science satellites China's SDGSAT-1 It was revealed that the SDGS-1 satellite It was launched into space on Nov. 5, sending the first remote survey images back to Earth on the SDGSAT-1 satellite. It uses thermal imaging cameras, low-light cameras, and multi-spectrum cameras to capture cities and regions such as Beijing, Shanghai, the Yangtze River Delta and the Tibetan Autonomous Region (Xihiang) of China. AKESU OBLAST IN CHINA'S XINJIANG UYGHUR AUTONOMOUS REGION AND PARIS, FRANCE'S SPONSORED SDGSAT-1 SATELLITE. It is the world's first space science satellite. Working for the U.N. 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the Chinese Academy of Sciences stated that the SDGS-1 satellite It is designed to provide space observation data for monitoring, evaluating, and studying human interactions. Low light cameras can reflect the level of socioeconomic development in the area and human habitat patterns by detecting the intensity and distribution of light at night. Using multi-spectrum data to analyze changes in melting snow glaciers and vegetation coverage, thermal imaging cameras can explore changes in soil surface and water temperatures, as well as urban heat energy distribution, providing basic information for crop cultivation. Pest Control and Disease ControlCr Data-Photo : Xinhuathai
iPhone 13 Price Buy Empty Device - Which Is More Cost-Effective?|Many Apple followers may have already purchased the "iPhone 13". Since its launch last September. Others are deciding on models with the right specifications and capacity, especially the price of the iPhone 13, which is an important factor to take into account. The iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini are available in 5 colors: pink, blue, red, midnight (black) and starlight (white), while iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max are available. Available in 4 colors: Sierra Blue, Silver, Gold and Graphite. At the price set by Apple Thailand. After that, put your own SIM card in and continue the phone package according to your SIM card. How much does it cost?- Capacity 128 GB Price 29,900 Baht- Capacity 256 GB Price 33,900 Baht- Capacity 512 GB Price 41,900 BahtSPONSOREDiPhone 13 mini How much does it cost?- 128 GB capacity 25,900 baht- 256 GB capacity 29,900 baht- 512 GB capacity 37,900 baht iPhone 13 Pro How much does it cost?- 128 GB capacity 38,900 baht- 256 GB capacity 42,900 baht- 512 GB capacity 50,900 baht- 1 TB capacity 58,900 baht iPhone 13 Pro Max how much?- Capacity 128 GB Price 42,900 Baht- Capacity 256 GB Price 46,900 Baht- Capacity 512 GB Price 54,900 Baht- Capacity 1 TB Price 62,900 Baht Baht buying a pro iPhone of a phone company These packages usually have a contract that requires 12 consecutive months or 24 months, there may be additional conditions as well, such as advance fees, including old customers, new customers, and existing customers will be eligible to buy iPhone 13 at different prices. Capacity 128 GB : Current customer 24,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Current customer 28,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 36,900 Baht with package 699 Baht iPhone13 True- Capacity 128 GB : Current customer 25,900 Baht with package 699- Capacity 256 GB : Current customer 29,900 Baht with package 699- Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 37,900 Baht with package 699iPhone13 with DTAC pro - Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 18,409 Baht New customer 11,900 Baht With package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 22,409 Baht New customer 15,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Current customer 30,409 Baht New customer 23,900 Baht with package 699 Baht SPONSOREDiPhone 13 mini with AIS package - Capacity 128 GB : Current customer 20,800 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Current customer 24,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Current customer 32,900 Baht with package 699 Baht iPhone 13 mini True- Capacity 128 GB : Current customer 21,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 25,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 33,900 Baht with package 699 Baht iPhone 13 mini DTAC - Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 19,900 Baht New customer 21,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 23,900 Baht New customer 25,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 31,900 Baht New customer 33,900 Baht with package 699 BahtSPONSOREDiPhone 13 Pro AIS- Pro Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 33,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 37,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 45,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 1 TB : Existing customer 53,900 Baht with package 699 Baht iPhone 13 Pro True- Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 29,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht- Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 33,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht- Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 41,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht- Capacity 1 TB : Existing customer 49,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht iPhone 13 Pro DTAC - Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 32,900 Baht New customer 34,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 36,900 Baht New customer 38,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 44,900 Baht New customer 46,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 1 TB : Existing customer Starting from 52,900 Baht New customers 54,900 Baht with package 699 Baht iPhone 13 Pro Max AIS- Pro Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 37,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 41,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 49,900 Baht with package 699 Baht- Capacity 1 TB : Existing customer 57,900 Baht with package 699 BahtSPONSOREDiPhone 13 Pro Max True- Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 33,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 37,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 45,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht - Capacity 1 TB : Existing customer 53,400 Baht with package 1,699 Baht iPhone 13 Pro Max DTAC Pro - Capacity 128 GB : Existing customer 36,900 Baht New customer 38,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 256 GB : Existing customer 40,900 Baht New customer 42,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 512 GB : Existing customer 48,900 Baht New customer 50,900 Baht with package 699 Baht - Capacity 1 TB : Current customer 56,900 Baht New customer 58,900 Baht with package 699 Baht However, before buying an iPhone 13, either blank or pro, it is important to consider whether the price and conditions are suitable for you.
Samsung prepares to reintroduce glass back cover in Galaxy S22 series|Samsung plans to reintroduce the glass back cover. For the Galaxy S22, which is scheduled to launch early next year early last year. With the launch of the Galaxy S21, Samsung has turned back to a plastic material back cover. The 9to5google website quoted ice universe insiders as saying that the three Galaxy S22 smartphone series to be released in 2022. The issue of the back cover material is enough to be debated. Because on the one hand. Plastic back cover is characterized by durability and light weight, on the contrary, plastic materials are expensive. There are 3 models of Galaxy S22+, Galaxy S22+ and Galaxy S22 Ultra.
Foxconn plant in India Production was temporarily suspended due to workers' protests.|The Foxconn plant, known as Apple's partner for producing all iPhone models, will have to temporarily halt production due to employees protesting for food poisoning, Bloomberg news agency reported. Foxconn's factory, based in Chennai, said: In southern India, factories will remain closed. No action was taken until Sunday as a result of employee protests caused by food poisoning. As a result, at least 150 employees were hospitalized after a food poisoning incident. As a result, the factory's management ordered the production to be discontinued. Employees had already complained about food poisoning and other issues before many employees finally fell ill, according to Bloomberg. The factory is located in Chennai, he said. There are no employees on site. There are a few security guards guarding the area. Outside, a police officer's car was parked outside after Bloomberg's report. Foxconn and Apple have yet to comment on Foxconn. This issue will inevitably affect apple products. Apple is now facing supply chain bottlenecks in production, and apple has recently steadily lowered its sales targets, which has long affected consumer demand for the iPhone 13 for its Foxconn plant in Chennai. In addition to producing iPhone 13, the plant is also responsible for producing Amazon Fire TV Sticks and some Xiaomi devices.
Jack Dorsey is confident bitcoin can replace the dollar in the future.|Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey predicts bitcoin could replace the dollar in the future. Dorsey, the co-founder of Twitter, recently announced his retirement from his chair as Twitter CEO. Responding to a question from rapper Cardi B, who asked on Twitter whether do you think crypto is going to replace the dollar? There is an opportunity to replace the dollar, having announced the resignation of Jack's CEO. Dorsey believes that the resignation was to manage his own block company and its affiliates. One of them is music streaming service Tidal, which was subsequently purchased from Jay-Z in early 2021. Central Banks have expressed concerns about bitcoin. In particular, the impact on financial stability. Inflation and Economic Management If it is more widely adopted, source: TelegraphSPONSORED
Under Armour releases NFT special edition sneaker celebrating breaking Stephen Curry's three-point record in NBA|Under Armour is a well-known sports equipment manufacturer from the United States. Join Stephen Stein's all-time NBA record for most three-point shots. Kerry, with the release of a special NFT sneaker and preparing for the metaverse under Armour, has become one of the sports giants joining the NFT and metaverse trend while celebrating becoming the basketball player with the most three-point goals in NBA history, with Golden State Warriors superstar Stephen Curry scoring his 2,974th three-point long run in the Golden State Warriors' visit to the New York Knicks at the Meddison Stadium. It broke Ray Allen's decades-long enduring record, and that's why Under Armour, as Stephen Kerry's partner, celebrated in honor of breaking Kerry's record. A limited edition of the NFT sneaker, Genesis Curry Flow, was released with a limited edition of 2,974 pieces, equal to Kerry's record-breaking figure for under-armer release price. Priced at $333 or about 12,000 baht, the reason it's available at this price is because it matches Kerry's featured three-point shot. All proceeds from Kerry's NFT sneaker sales will go to charities to help young people access sports and stay away from drugs and violence from current crimes. Stephen Curry Curry Brand has its own clothing and sneaker brand called Curry Brand, which has a way of encouraging young people to turn to the sport, with basketball courts being built in areas such as Auckland, California, Charlotte, North Carolina and New York.
Elon Musk expresses the metaverse as a marketing term, rather than a reality.|Tesla co-founder Elon Musk sees the arrival of the Metaverse as a marketing term. As everyone knows, the metaverse has been a hot topic since the announcement of the rebranding from Facebook to the metaverse to head to the metaverse in Elon Musk's perspective. Interestingly, he said from his Twitter account @elonmusk that in his view it doesn't mean Web3 won't happen, but right now it looks more like a marketing term than a reality, with further doubts about what the future holds. In the next 10, 20 or 30 years, which sounds very futuristic, Elon Musk's tweet came from a response to a TikTok video, a conversation between Bill Gates and David. The reason why Web3 or Web 3.0 is connected to the metaverse is because the concept of Web 3.0, that is, a large database is not connected by a server, but is connected in a decentralized system, just like a blockchain. Not all advantages are held in today's market. Metaverse is also a fairly broad term. However, the metaverse has seen a lot of movement, especially sports equipment companies such as Nike and Adidas, which have begun to pay attention to this new world. Dedicated Marketing Source: Business Insider
The world's first SMS, sold in NFT format, closed the auction at US$150,000.|The trend of NFTs is still hot, especially for the first time in the world, just as the first SMS with the word Merry Christmas was put into NFTs and put up to auction before closing the auction for as much as $150,000. He received a Merry Christmas message from Neil Papworth. On December 3, 1992, Jarvis recalled that at that time, Papworth, who was a programmer, was a "great player". Vodafone said they wanted to bring the world's first SMS in the form of NFTs to auction with auction company Aguttes before the auction ended at U.S. $150,000 (about 5 million Baht). Vodafone will donate the proceeds from the auction to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
TikTok tops the list of the most visited websites in the world. Overtaking Google|Short videos like TikTok have already become the most popular website, surpassing Google. According to Cloudflare, 2021 has become another golden year for TikTok. In 2020, TikTok was ranked 7th and Google remained number one, but in 2021, TikTok jumped several rankings until it successfully overtook Google, while the second ranks belonged to Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Apple respectively. What platforms like TikTok will need to add after this may be strict measures to prevent the spread of misleading or fake news.
Japanese scientists develop Lickable TV to taste food|often When we watch a food program on the TV screen. I believe that everyone must have experienced the urge to taste the food on the screen. In the near future, we may experience that. From the prototype TV called Lickable TV, Professor Homie Miyashita from Meiji University, Tokyo, Japan. It has experimented and created a prototype of a TV that could change the world of food shows in the near future. Taste the TV has a tank that stores dozens of different flavors to create a particular taste of food. Commercially available, the price is probably around 100,000 yen or about 29,500 baht, in addition to those who want to try the latest technology, TTTV is an innovation that suits people in the food industry, from sommeliers (wine experts) to chefs.
Intel apologizes to the Chinese. Suppliers banned from Xinjiang|Intel, a chipset manufacturer, faces a surge in Chinese netizens after informing suppliers The use of goods and labor from Xinjiang is prohibited. Because there are concerns about human rights. Intel later apologized. The world's major chipset manufacturer U.S. issued a letter of apology to the Chinese. On that issue, they have informed the suppliers. Do not use products or labor from Xinjiang, which is an area of human rights concern. Intel has apologized on the WeChat platform. WeChat is a large social media platform in China. Just a few hours after the notice was issued to the supplier. Intel The policy follows the U.S. government's guidelines, while Chinese pop star Wang Junkai said the policy was in place. Post via Weibo, another popular Chinese social media platform. He said he would stop representing the Intel brand and insisted that the national interest was more important than anything else. The Times, the Chinese state-run nationalist media, have come out strongly criticizing Intel, particularly on the issue that China is the country that makes Intel more popular. Intel is a multinational company that earns more than a quarter or $80 billion from the market in China. Faced with no less pressure on its stance than before. Leading brands such as H&M, Nike and Adidas have also come out. Support the non-use of goods or labor from Xinjiang. As a result, many Chinese have announced that Boycott will not use products from all three brands at the same time. Joe Biden President of the United States Announced boycott of the Winter Olympics in China. To protest human rights abuses in China Especially in the case of Peng Sai. Chinese celebrity tennis player Source: The Guardian [1], [2]SPONSORED
Tesla updates new patches Gaming is not allowed while driving.|Tesla is preparing to release a new patch for its electric car, an update that allows cars to play games only when the car is inactive after intense pressure. In particular, the U.S. Autonomous Safety Regulatory Authority (NHTSA) has forced Tesla to shut down its own car video game system, which can only play games if Tesla's cars are inactive. Tesla announced that it will conduct a formal investigation into the video game system inside the vehicle, which will affect driving concentration and could lead to road accidents. It confirmed that it will continue to investigate the cause of the vehicle safety law. Car manufacturers are prohibited from having defects that could pose a safety risk. This includes any technology that will distract the driver from driving safely. There are a number of Tesla models to be inspected, including the Tesla Model S, Tesla Model X, Tesla Model Y and Tesla Model 3 models between 2017 and 2022, with a total of 5.8 lakh vehicles to be inspected.
The international version of Steam is banned in China.|Many Chinese gamers revealed The international version of the Steam platform, used by people around the world to play games, has been banned in China. While the version is only available behind the Great Wall of China. The Gamers website reports that Steam, a gaming platform, was developed by Valve in an international version. Unable to access in China Due to the international version of Steam being banned in China, it affects Chinese gamers because the Chinese version of Steam has only 103 games to play. The Chinese version of Steam has very few games available, with only two mainstream games: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive or CS:GO and Dota 2. There used to be a policy regulating youth gaming. The curfew for gaming is considered consistent. Despite some reports arguing that Steam's domain was compromised, DNS is not a ban on the issue. Source: The Gamersponsored
Motorola to unveil the Razr 3rd Gen foldable smartphone next year|Motorola brand rights holder Lenovo has confirmed that next year will see the return of the legendary Moto Razr, the third generation of the family, with a growing trend of foldable smartphones, starting with Samsung stimulating the market with the launch of the Galaxy Z Flip3, a group of foldable smartphones at affordable prices. General Manager, Lenovo's Mobile Product Group The company said it was quietly working on developing a folding smartphone in terms of details of the Moto Razr 3rd Gen, from processors, improved interfaces, to modernizing the look and look. Therefore, it is difficult to say how the third-generation Moto Razr will differ from its predecessor. Therefore, it is difficult for brands to enter the market later.Source: The VergeSPONSORED
Japan prepares to open a specialized high school to teach the path to Esports|This is probably one of the most interesting high schools in the world. Soon, schools with strong esports content will be opened, especially in Japan. It is becoming a country that is becoming more open to the trend of esports. This spring, which falls from March to May, japan's first esports school will be born. According to the Kotaku website, the first esports school on the land of the rising sun will be located in the golden area of Shibuya. There are many big companies such as NTT. NTT Docomo and tokyo verdy football team provide financial support to the students of Esports Koutou Gakuin School. Let's start with the GALLERIA XA7C-R37 high-spec gaming computer kit with Intel Core i7-11700 and a graphics chip kit from Nvidia GeForce RTX 3070. There are a full range of first-person games, third-person games, real-time strategy games, as well as MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) style games to refine your skills before becoming a pro player in the future. The faculty members will range from esports athletes to experts from the gaming industry. This school It doesn't just pave the way for students to become professional esports athletes. However, the school has designed the curriculum so that students can extend their learning to other disciplines as well, such as being a streamer, game programmer, game screenwriter, special effects instructor, to VR creation. Not only the fun of the game, but also the high school students must be educated in accordance with Japanese Ministry of Education standards. Like other schools, tuition fees have not yet been revealed by Esports Koutou Gakuin.
Keep an eye on work trends The careers of the next generation in the next 10 years  |Nowadays, many jobs have been replaced by new technologies and innovations that reflect that digital disruption is not just a trend, but an important issue that will completely change the way humans work. The Futures and Beyond: Navigating Thailand toward 2030 research report titled "Working for the Next 10 Years" to prepare for future changes from the Office for National Statistics in 2020 revealed that there are currently 38.21 million people in the workforce. There are 37.33 million employed people. 3.92 lakh unemployed and 4.9 lakh seasonal waiters, comprising 17.5 million people working in the services and trade sectors. 11.28 million in agriculture and 8.55 million in the manufacturing sector, with 84.3% of employed working 35 hours or more per week. 13.8% of those who worked less than 35 hours a week and 1.9% who did not work in the week of the survey, according to the International Labour Organization (ILO), predicted that in the next 20 years, jobs and employment in Thailand will not be less than 44% (over 17 million jobs). There is a high risk of being replaced by automation. THE MOST AFFECTED ARE WORKERS IN THE SERVICE SECTOR, AGRICULTURE AND LOW-SKILLED WORKERS SPONSORED WHEN AUTOMATION TECHNOLOGY AND ROBOTICS ARE CHANGING THE EXISTING WORK PATTERNS. The work we do today will be 50-70 percent different. However, when automation, robotics, and humans Having a collaboration will result in more efficient teams and work results. For example, a system that uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) will change the way we work in knowledge-oriented fields and professions, such as finance. medicine Leadership, AI laws enhance the work of experts and operating systems to be accurate. Increase efficiency and speed Still, questions about technological ethics will get more attention. In the future, moral issues will be debated, and legislation on the development and use of AI will become a much-discussed issue in the future. Another thing that will follow is the 6G network, which is projected to be 8,000 times faster than 5G. It can significantly accelerate the development of artificial intelligence and machine learning, as well as enable intelligent interfaces. It affects more efficient work. It is also expected that the exoskeleton is under extensive development. Although it is designed for different purposes, including medical, industrial, military. But this device will have a significant impact on physical enhancement to future work. And when the world embraces a wide range of skills as the world enters into change. The need for a wide range of skills has also changed. Firstly, stem careers are careers in which employees use their knowledge of science, technology, engineering or mathematics to try to understand how the world works and how to solve problems. The organization will focus on determining the selection of employment based on the skills and abilities available and meet the needs of the job in that position. Meanwhile, online work is expected to continue to grow in popularity. With the advancement of communication technology, traditional work patterns have changed, many professions can work from anywhere. Therefore, the operation is more flexible. But some jobs still require office visits. The world will also focus on flexible working hours so that employees can start and end their working days when they need to. This allows employees to come to work earlier or later than the specified time, allowing them to schedule work at a time that suits them in order to get more work done. EMPLOYERS ARE ALSO ABLE TO PICK UP A WIDER RANGE OF EMPLOYEES, A NEW GENERATION WITH CHANGING JOB VALUES, MANY YOUNGER GENERATIONS AIM TO RETIRE AT AN EARLY AGE. Instead of a successful career. They try to accumulate enough savings to have financial freedom for the rest of their careers. Working to generate income and wealth is not the main factor of happiness. The younger generation will prioritize "Valuing Free Time" rather than career growth or salary base growth. Therefore, work goals focus on balancing work and life. Therefore, organizations that want to recruit motivated and committed employees. It is necessary to increase investment in meaning and flexibility in the work of "Gig Economy". In an era where everyone is giggling as technology and the digital world change, many professions have had to adapt. Most organizations have training policies to add new skills needed for the future for employees to use for further work, another thing that is expected to follow is that the "temporary and part-time economy or gig economy", as well as freelance work or project-based contracts will become a normal part of the job market. Employers aim to minimize the number of permanent contracts. For financial reasons, employees are also willing to consider contracts with increased flexibility. However, working under the Gig Economy model is no less interesting because it is a shared economy concept. It emphasizes collaborative work to benefit all parties. In addition to promoting innovation capabilities for the country's SMEs, NIA also focuses on "creating the jobs of the future" by creating a new wave of economies like startups. Currently, NIA has incubated new courses and knowledge such as STEAM or innovative skills needed for NewGen people from students to universities so that they can become "changemakers" in the economic, social, and organizational dimensions. Moreover, innovation opportunities are distributed to the regional level through knowledge linkages. Creating an Innovation Space Funding for potential entrepreneurs These opportunities are all important tools to support the workforce that is about to weather the wave of change that is coming to everyone in the near future.
5 Battery Saving Techniques on Windows 11|Windows 11 is the newest operating system from Microsoft. The highlight of Windows 11 is that the interface has been enhanced from Windows 10, so we can say that Windows 11 is a new version of Windows 10. What many people know is that upgrading a new operating system often has some problems or bugs to be seen, for example, the Wi-Fi signal is disconnected from the connection, to the big things, which will be the technique of this article. On the issue of batteries, because if our battery running Windows 11, especially on laptops, runs out too easily, it will affect the user's operation no less, here are 5 tips to save battery on Windows 111. Battery Saver, a technique that is later used as a matter of energy saving system. Users may choose to set up Battery Saver in case the computer's battery is about 20-30 percent, at least to allow us to extend the entire operation time. 3. Dark Mode, from smartphones to all popular apps such as Facebook or Twitter, has a so-called Dark Mode. Because it limits the amount of energy at the display. For Windows 11, dark mode can be turned on at Settings > Personalization > Colour > Choose your mode. If you are not using Bluetooth or Wi-Fi at that time, disable it and turn on the Airplane Mode system instead.5. If a program is discontinued, close it because the program has not been closed. PROCESSING SYSTEMS ARE STILL RUNNINGSPONSORED
CES 2022 reduces event time by one day For covid-19 reasons.|The global technology expo CES 2022, which was held at the beginning of the year, had to be reduced to one day due to covid-19 concerns. The event was originally scheduled to take place from January 5-8, but this year will end on January 7, 2022. Due to the covid-19 pandemic. Previously, CES 2022 seemed to be a bit of a bummer, as many organizers announced their withdrawal from the event, including Microsoft, Amazon, Google, AMD, and even T-Mobile, who asked to withdraw from the event. CES 2022 venues in Las Vegas, Nevada, have become another area with a high chance of spreading the virus. Ces 2022 attendees must be presented proof of vaccination along with proof of COVID-19 test result. During the 24 hours prior to the event and during the visit, masks must be worn at all times. In addition, foreign exhibitors will receive a free PCR test after the end of CES 2022, one of the world's largest technology fairs. At regular times, tens of thousands of people attended: The VergeSPONSORED
BlackBerry Classic The service is set to end on January 4, 2022.|One of the most popular smartphones of the past, BlackBerry, is about to become a legend in the mobile industry. Following the announcement of the termination of service on January 4, 2022, Blackberry previously announced on its official website www.blackberry.com on December 22 to notify users that BlackBerry is closing both the BlackBerry 7.1 operating system, the BlackBerry 10 software package, and the BlackBerry PlayBook OS 2.1 on January 4, 2022. Blackberry's termination of service will make the mobile phone unusable. Whether it's using data, making calls, sms, or even the current 9-1-1 emergency dialing function. Blackberry Blackberry is no longer a company that manufactures smartphones or services for ordinary customers, but Blackberry has focused on developing advanced security software and services for enterprises and government agencies. This is especially true for celebrities and CEOs of large companies who want to be safe with information, as well as high-level employees of government agencies. Before it spread to the general user group in Thailand, it used to be very popular, which had a catchphrase at the time called "BB Pin". Blackberry's strength lies in the fact that having a QWERTY hard keyboard built into the unit makes it easy to chat or type text. The format of the smartphone eventually became a touchscreen system.Source: nbcnews, BlackberrySPONSORED
Samsung announces support for NFT, Cloud Gaming, and Video Chat on Smart TVs 2022 Models|At CES 2022, Samsung announced the upgrade of smart TVs. Released in 2022, with capabilities in cloud gaming, video chat and NFT, South Korea's leading technology company Samsung has unveiled its vision for the smart TV business. New version received 2022 by Samsung Samsung's Smart TVs, which will be released in 2022, will come with a Smart Hub to take entertainment to the next level. Quality section on TV screen It supports both 4K and 8K with HDR10+ GAMING and an interesting 120Hz refresh rate. Users can browse examples of NFTs before buying or selling NFTs, which can be done right from the TV screen, as well as supporting NFT-made art viewing systems. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Samsung is looking for ways to connect and spend time together with family or friends. This resulted in a feature called Watch Together, which allows viewing content simultaneously, even in different locations, where they can communicate via video chat instead.
Apple becomes the first U.S. company to be valued at $3 trillion|Apple opens 2022 better than expected Apple later became the first company in the United States to have a total value of $3 trillion. Apple's stock has tripled despite the covid-19 pandemic. But on the contrary, the pandemic has benefited many of the giants in the tech world. One of them is Apple. When the company's shares hit the core $182.80 per share. As a result, Apple's business value rose to $3 trillion for the first time, before falling to $2.9 trillion. Over the past four years, under the management of Tim Cook, Apple's company value has set several new records. Starting in August 2018, Apple first reached $1 trillion, then moved to $2 trillion in 2020 and set a new record just a few days of the year. It must be said that the value of Apple's companies alone is greater than that of big companies such as Boeing, Coca-Cola, Disney, Exxon-Mobil, Netflix, McDonald's and Walmart combined. It is expected to be Microsoft by the end of the year. Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Samsung Launches Galaxy S21 FE 5G Releasing January 11, 2022|Samsung has announced the release of its first smartphone of 2022, a smartphone that has been postponed from last year's Galaxy S21 FE 5G. Samsung has not released this series of smartphones. Due to the focus on foldable phones and supply chain issues, the launch of this smartphone has led to the launch of this smartphone. It has to be postponed until 2022. In 2022, Samsung launched its first smartphone of the year with the Galaxy S21 FE 5G. The 6.4-inch screen size is AMOLED with a resolution of 2340 x 1080 pixels. Galaxy S21 FE 5G camera with 32MP selfie camera The galaxy S21 FE 5G uses the Snapdragon 888 chip, with standard models starting with 6GB RAM + 128GB memory, then 8GB RAM + 128GB memory, and the most powerful model is 8GB RAM + 256GB memory. Available in 4 colors: Olive Green, Lavender Purple, White and Graphite Black. Available for US$700 or approximately THB 23,500, available january 11, 2022Source: GizmodoSPONSORED
OnePlus 10 Pro, the new flagship from OnePlus, is set to launch on January 11.|OnePlus is another leading smartphone manufacturer from China. The first smartphone of 2022, the OnePlus 10 Pro, will be unveiled on January 11. OnePlus, a smartphone manufacturer under the eaves of OPPO, today announced the launch of a new smartphone called the OnePlus 10 Pro. The flagship OnePlus 10 Pro has a 6.67-inch screen and supports a 120Hz refresh rate. The camera has a 32-megapixel selfie front camera. 3 rear cameras divided into 48MP main cameras The second 50-megapixel camera and the 8-megapixel third camera, as expected, come with Android 12 covered with OxygenOS, a joint development between OPPO and OnePlus. Source: 9to5googleSPONSORED
Garmin unveils Venu 2 Plus smart watch, featuring voice control features|Garmin, a smart watch manufacturer The new watch was unveiled at CES 2022 as the Venu 2 Plus, supporting voice commands from both Android and iPhone users, despite the withdrawal of several brands of exhibitors. But CES 2022 continues to roll out new models. Venu 2 Plus continues to be a smart watch focused on fitness and health-related sensors such as heart rate, nightly sleep quality, blood oxygen measurement and women's menstrual cycle tracking. Garmin announces voice support features that can be used with Google Assistant on smartphones on iOS Android and Siri operating systems. It is officially available at US$449 or around THB 15,000.Source: 9to5googleSPONSORED
Meta ceases developing operating systems for AR and VR, reverts to Android as before.|Meta has decided to stop developing its own operating system that will be used with AR and VR technologies in order to focus on creating the Metaverse, which has been in operation for many years, according to The Associated Press. Information Revealed: Meta It is designed to be compatible with Oculus devices and AR glasses, which are scheduled for future release. The development of meta's AR and VR operating systems has been underway since 2017, and it is known that the project is codenamed XROS, with up to 300 employees in the operating system development project. However, it is unclear why the XROS project was discontinued, but there is a chance to redevelop it in the future. It must also be said that the current Android operating system It's not optimized for AR and VR, so Google will have to develop this part quite hard. On the other hand, that means Google, the developer of the Android operating system, will continue to dominate meta, something that Meta CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg seems to be very unhappy with. Any development will depend on Google's approach. This has always been meta's weakness on the Apple side. It is expected that by the end of this year, the company will be able to launch AR technology. There is a chance that Apple will launch new innovations. After a long hiatus at this time, it is believed that Apple is busy developing its own AR and VR operating system called rOS, and Apple will be the new meta competitor in the metaverse Source: macrumors, 9to5GoogleSPONSORED
Fossil partners with Razer to launch smart watches for gamers|At CES 2022, Fossil, a watchmaker brand, was formed. At CES 2022, fossils and Razer worked together to create a new smart watch called the Razer X Fossil Gen 6. The entire font part. The Razer X Fossil Gen 6 watch comes in a 44-millimeter case and is matte black. The watch strap can be replaced. Available in two colors, black and neon green, the inner specification of the Razer X Fossil Gen 6 uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 4100+ processor. The screen is AMOLED, the inner chip is GPS embedded, and the contactless payments system also supports fast charging, which can charge 80 percent of the battery in 30 minutes for health and fitness capabilities. The watch case can track the daily pace. It features a Wear OS-based operating system, 1GB of RAM, 8GB of memory with Bluetooth 5.0 technology, 3 ATMRazer X Fossil Gen 6, available in limited quantities of 1,337 units, officially released on January 10, 2022, at a price of USD 329.
Google aims for 2022, molding every linked product into a homogeneous like Apple.|Google unveiled its 2022 vision for the first time at CES 2022, aiming to bring all of Google's ecosystems together, similar to Apple's model. Google, called Better Together, combines features such as the ability to quickly connect True Wireless headphones to an Android smartphone, similar to Beats or AirPods headphones when connected to an iPhone, as well as unlocking a smartphone or Chromebook computer with a smart watch running under the Wear OS 3 operating system. The Better Together concept is not only counted towards the ecosystem developed by Google, but it is also trying to align with collaboration with third-party manufacturers, such as casting, sound up to boss speakers or soundbars, to syncing Android operating systems with Windows operating systems through the Fast Pair feature. It's not so clear where it came from: Google, The Verge, TechCrunchSPONSORED
iPhone 14 major design change Add Face ID under the screen and hole-punch screen.|Apple has made significant changes to the design of the iPhone 14, scheduled for release in late 2022, with changes including hole-punch screens and Face ID under the screen. This time, the latest iPhone 14 news was revealed by a Twitter account called DylanDKT claiming that the iPhone 14 in the Pro model will switch from a notch to a hole-punch camera. The perforated front camera features a Face ID sensor placed close to each other, with a design similar to the shape of DylanDKT's oval tablet, in line with the New Year's Eve report. According to renowned analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max will turn to perforated front-facing cameras. For Apple to change the design of the iPhone 14, as the design of the iPhone 13 has been used for many years, starting with the iPhone X in 2017, the iPhone 13 is also a model that reduces the size of the notch by 20 percent. Apple is also scheduled to launch the iPhone SE 2022. The iPhone SE 2020 is still in the process of developing a prototype smartphone, and Apple is waiting to see the direction and possibilities of a foldable smartphone. Before delivering this product to consumers source: The VergeSPONSORED
E3 2022 announced the event in an online format amid the Omicron outbreak.|ESA, or Entertainment Software Association, the organizer of E3, one of the biggest events in the gaming industry, announced the E3 2022 event online due to concerns over the spread of Omicron E3. The biggest event in the gaming industry is set to host E3 2022 online for the second consecutive year. The world is facing the COVID-19 virus. Omicron, a statement from ESA, the organizer of E3, said that because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the company was not able to respond to the covid-19 outbreak. New species As a result, the organizers are concerned about the pandemic. In order to prevent the health impact of the organizers and their associates, more details of the E3 event will be announced later, however, in the latter stages, the E3 event has been quieter, as leading companies in the gaming industry have chosen to hold their own events separately, as is the case with Sony, which chose to host its own PlayStation. It is not part of the E3 event. When leading companies in the gaming industry If you are familiar with using online platforms, you will also have the opportunity to choose to broadcast live through your own live streaming channels, which is a new problem that E3 has to ponder.
Google Maps successfully helped police capture the Italian mafia, which had been in hiding for 20 years.|The Italian mafia, who escaped arrest for 20 years but ultimately did not survive, was arrested in Spain. Police used so-called Google Maps as a tool, leading to the successful closure of the case, Reuters reported. Joacchino Gammino, a mafia from Sicilia, was revealed. Italy, which has escaped police custody for 20 years, has been detained in Spain. On December 17, investigators He told reporters that the arrests were "unprecedented". Police spent two years searching for the mafia's whereabouts, one of which was using technologies like Google Maps and Google Street View to help locate the mafia, which was escaping arrest at the beginning of the arrest. It's a photograph of a man, which resembles a gammino. While standing in front of a fruit shop afterwards. Investigators investigated further and found that Gammino was a chef at a restaurant in Calapagar, near Madrid, Spain, leading to a search of the restaurant's Facebook fan page. Gummino escaped from prison in Rome in 2002 before being sentenced to life imprisonment for murder in 2003.
Truth, former President Trump's social media Launched February 21|Former President Trump is known to have launched his own social media for some time. It will be called Truth, which is scheduled to launch Feb. 21 after former President Donald Trump was banned from all social media providers. More than 13 months after the riots at the U.S. Capitol took place, Trump has been in power for more than 13 months. Unable to use Twitter or Facebook for that reason, it led to the decision to develop its own social media platform called Truth Social. In the beginning, only a small number of users were invited to try it out. However, according to apple's app store, Truth Social is set to launch on February 21. iOS smartphone users can pre-order before anyone else. Trump's aim is to develop his own social media platform. He claims that in order to combat oppression from leading U.S. tech companies, to be honest, Truth Social has a similar interface to Twitter, a platform used by former President Trump. I especially like it because I can communicate directly with his followers. It also has the same features, such as being able to follow and being able to track hot topics from this platform, even though there is also a question of whether this platform of Trump will have a moderation system, etc. The owner of the app store platform declined to provide information on the launch date of the Truth Social platform.
France fines Google and Facebook over 8 billion baht On the issue of tracking user data|Privacy review agency in France Google and Facebook fined a combined 210 million. Both companies later attempted to deter users from wanting to track user behavior and data on the Internet.Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Liberts or CNIL, a privacy monitoring agency in France. The agency said it had signed search engine giant Google for 150 million euros (about 5.8 billion baht). In order to stop tracking cyber behavior, Facebook has been fined by French authorities for the same reason. But Facebook's case is considered lighter than Google because it was fined 60 million euros (about 2.3 billion baht). Confirm that cookie tracking acceptance It can be done with just one click. Rejecting cookies is as easy as accepting them. Google and Facebook have about 3 months to comply with the order, otherwise they will be fined 100,000 euros (about 4 million baht) a day, a Google and Meta spokesperson said.
Swiss army terminates Whatsapp for privacy concerns|Swiss Army Change chat application Whatsapp was formerly used as Threema, a local application in Switzerland. The reason for changing the app is because of privacy concerns, the Swiss army. The company announced a ban on popular apps such as WhatsApp, Signal, and Telegram for internal messaging, and ordered authorities to use an application called Threema instead. Currently, there are around 10 million active users. It supports both iOS and Android, the reason why the announcement was issued was the result of the Swiss army. There are concerns about the privacy policies of applications, usually the main app that is commonly used is WhatsApp, and the Swiss military is concerned that U.S. government agencies may have access to sensitive information from the Swiss military. The Swiss military's concern is likely to be that of officials from Washington, D.C. While the Threema application is a company from Switzerland and has no servers in the United States, there is no need to worry about vashington officers coming in for a search warrant to verify any information. ON THEIR PERSONAL SMARTPHONE SOURCE: APSPONSORED
Take-Two Interactive buys mobile gaming company Zynga for over 425 billion baht|Take-Two Interactive, the game distributor and parent company of leading gaming companies Rockstar and 2K Games, has closed a deal for mobile game developer Zynga. In the $127 billion budget, there is a movement in the gaming industry. When Tech-2 Interactive is the parent company of the rock star. Legendary game developer GTA V acquires social game developer Zynga for $127 billion, equivalent to over 425 billion baht. Tech-2's acquisition is a strong complement to the mobile gaming market, which is usually mostly owned by Tech-2, which includes Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption, BioShock, Borderlands, Mafia and NBA 2K. To lead the way to the next mission to connect the world through so-called $127 billion game at Tech-2. Paying Zynga is one of the biggest deals in the gaming industry. The latest trend in the gaming industry is the acquisition of Bethesda by Microsoft. Source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Samsung to unveil Galaxy S22 on February 8|Samsung's flagship smartphone for 2022, the Galaxy S22+, is nearing its launch, with the news that it is set to launch on February 8. The launch of this smartphone will take place on February 8, 2022, the galaxy S22 launch event is expected to remain online as it is now, the world is dealing with COVID-19. Coming up with the familiar galaxy unpacked 2022 event, it is possible that Samsung will start sifting through invitations to the press at the end of January. The galaxy S22 launch event is a separate event. Not included in Mobile World Congress 2022 or MWC 2022, the Galaxy S22 range includes three variants: Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+ and Galaxy S22 Ultra.
Apple Watch Series 8 may not have a temperature sensor.|Many consumer expectations Hopefully, Apple's Apple Watch Series 8 smart watch will be a model with major changes, but in reality, it may not be the case. Owner of Bloomberg News Agency's Power On Apple Watch Series 8, scheduled for later this year, may not have a body temperature sensor, although it was previously rumored that this feature will be a feature of the Apple Watch in the Power On German newsletter list. He emphasized that body temperature sensors, blood sugar monitoring, and blood pressure may not be available in Apple Watch Series 8 anytime soon. He went on to say that body temperature sensors are actually in Apple's plans, but that discussions on this issue have diminished in recent times. While blood pressure sensors seem to be too early for now, they may become part of the Apple Watch in the next few years, while blood sugar sensors, which are more difficult to develop, could be seen in the period after 2025. The changes to the Apple Watch lately don't seem to be much of the kind of change consumers want. In addition to this, German said that the Apple Watch Series 8 will add a sporty version and an entry-level model, which is expected to be the most affordable version of the series.
Vice President, Google Calls for Apple to support RCS standards after Android users are bullied|The iMessage application has become an issue in the United States. When it was used as a tool for teenage bullying, there was a split between iPhone and Android users last week, the Wall Street Journal reported. Addressing teenage bullying in the United States The issue is based on the iMessage application on iPhone, which is shared only for iPhone users at the same time. If it's a message from a user between Android and iOS, the message sent will be a green balloon, but if it's from an iPhone or Apple device together, it's a green balloon. The message balloons are blue, which makes it impossible for teens who use Android to use iMessage, leading to discrimination, mockery, and bullying. Google's vice president, who directly oversees the Android operating system, tweeted about what happened to Loch Heimer, saying that first of all, what he wants to talk about is not Google's desire for Apple to bring the iMessage app to the Android playstore. Stressing that Apple's support for RCS will help both iOS and Android operating systems, from user experience to privacy, he tweeted that Google is willing to work with Apple on this issue to help drive RCSSPONSORED, as everyone knows. SMS messaging is considered obsolete messaging in modern times because it has been replaced by messaging services from various applications. They have developed iMessage to communicate only for iOS users, however, the issue of iMessage is not much discussed. If you're not someone in the U.S., because of the communication of people in other parts of the world, you often choose a different chat app than using iMessage.
Twitter reveals record of more than 2.4 billion gaming users in 2021 - Thailand ranks 4th|2021 may not be a very bright year for gamers, as popular game consoles are still hard to find, but gaming conversations are still a topic of discussion on Twitter, which last year saw 2.4 billion tweets of gaming content conversations. Thailand ranks among the top 10 countries with the most gaming conversations in the world, according to Twitter, a major social media platform. Revealing some interesting statistics on the issue of talking about games on social media. From game distributors, media, famous streamers, esports teams, esports athletes to esports leagues, 2.4 billion tweets about the game have been made. This is an increase of 14 percent from 2020. Twitter figures It also stated that only the fourth quarter of 2021 was the first quarter. There are the most conversations about the game on Twitter ever while in Thailand. Ranked 4th in the country with the most tweets or mentions of games ASIA HAS THE MOST TALK-ABOUT COUNTRIES, SUCH AS NO. 1 JAPAN, NO. 3 SOUTH KOREA, NO. 6 PHILIPPINES, NO. 7 INDONESIA, AND NO. 10 INDIA. The most tweeted games in 2021 are nothing unexpected, as the number 1 genshin impact is followed by Free Fire, League of Legends, PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS and Identity V. If it's the only issue that the most tweeted esports teams in Thailand in 2021 will be OG, T1, Team Secret, Sentinels and Gambit. Constantly exchange conversations and share opinions.
Sony renews PlayStation 4 life after PlayStation 5 crashes|Sony, the owner of the newest PlayStation 5 console, decided to extend the life of its predecessor, the PlayStation 4. Sony Group Corp. decided to continue producing older game consoles like the PlayStation 4, which will end production by the end of 2022. Sony had previously wanted to end the life expectancy of PS4 with the launch of PS5 on November 19, 2020. Due to the covid-19 pandemic As a result, Sony's plans to use the PS5 as the spearhead of the modern console have had to be adjusted. Sony will increase the production capacity of the PlayStation 4 by approximately 1 million units to meet the needs of console gamers, and the PS4 production process is an old technology, which does not have much impact on the PlayStation 5 production process. Sony also sells PSN Plus subscription systems and sells game discs both in the form of discs and online. It has been affected globally in all industries. From the gaming industry to the electronics industry, for example: BloombergSPONSORED
Sensor Tower reveals Instagram as the most popular application for Q4 2021|Instagram is back to being a popular application. According to a market research firm, This is partly due to the TikTok ban in India, a report by market research firm Sensor Tower revealing an overview of application downloads for the fourth quarter of 2021. An interesting figure is instagram's return to being the most popular app since 2014, with about 10 percent more downloads than in the third quarter of 2021. The appeal of this figure is that in the fourth quarter of 2021, it is only the second time in the past 2 years that the TikTok app has not had the highest number of downloads. TikTok has always been one of the most popular apps, only in the early stages of the pandemic. As the popularity fell to zoom applications, which led to applications coming from Meta again as one of the application businesses when separated into individual platforms, it was found that in Google Play, Instagram ranked first, with the second being also meta-derived apps, Facebook and TikTok in third. however THESE DOWNLOADS DON'T INCLUDE SPONSORED GAME APPS WHILE APPLE'S APP STORE PLATFORM. On this platform, TikTok dominates the dominance, with YouTube in second place, and Instagram falling to 4th place. With the appearance of China's National Anti-Fraud Cente app in 6th place, which of course is supported by the Chinese government, Sensor Tower answers the question of why Instagram is the most popular app, especially on Google. The answer to this question lies in the Indian government's ban on the TikTok application ever since. Indians who use TikTok are increasingly turning to Instagram due to similar features like Reels. Indians' Instagram downloads have also risen since the second half of 2020, when India banned apps from China for national security reasons.
Samsung confirms it continues to produce Exynos 2200 set to launch with Galaxy S22|With the launch of the Galaxy S22 next month, it is possible that Samsung will unveil its self-developed exynos 2200 chipset at the same event as the launch of its flagship business smartphone. Korea The Exynos 2200 chipset, which Samsung manufactures and develops on its own, will remain in Samsung's flagship smartphones. The smartphone is probably the one we know it to be, the Galaxy S22 series. It is possible that the Exynos 2200 chipset will be launched alongside the Galaxy S22, which is expected to be released on February 8, 2022. Samsung is planning to launch a new chipset. In the past, The development went smoothly. There are no manufacturing or performance issues that cause the Exynos 2200 chipset to be discussed during this period. Samsung had previously planned to launch a new generation of chipsets. But the event was quietly cancelled, no flute, no clarification or explanation until it was questioned whether or samsung's new chipset. The new Exynos 2200 chipset will solve the problem with the old chipset, the Exynos 2100, in terms of heat. The new chipset enhances the capabilities of the graphics chipset to support gaming on smartphones especially during intervals. The news continues that with the launch of the Galaxy S22+, Samsung The idea was to use the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chipset for global release, without models that use the Exynos 2200 chipset. This is unlikely, as Samsung has always been available with exynos and snapdragon chipsets. It only divides the release by region of the world. According to Samsung's revelations, it should be reiterated that the Galaxy S22 is available in both Exynos 2200 and Snapdragon 8 Gen 1.
Baby Shark, the first video on YouTube to reach 10 billion views|When baby shark video became the first video on the platform with more than 10 billion views, it is believed that people who use YouTube regularly should know about baby shark videos, since this video went viral many years ago, but the trend of watching baby shark has barely deteriorated, because in November 2020, the video was the most viewed video of all time. The video was uploaded by pinkfong baby shark channel - kids' songs & stories on June 18, 2016. In addition, the music sector is very catchy for the second most viewed video at this time, belonging to Louis Fonsi's Despacito and Daddy Yankee, but the viewership is considered very far away from Baby Shark, because so far, the number of views of Despacito videos has only reached 7.7 billion.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
Microsoft confirms Xbox One discontinued as Sony moves to 1 million PS4 units|Microsoft insists it doesn't care about old gaming consoles Focus on the new generation of Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S gaming consoles only. Sony Microsoft, the owner of the Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S console console platforms, has confirmed that the company has no policy to resume production of Xbox One, a first-generation gaming console. This is strongly opposed to Sony owning the PlayStation 5 platform, as Bloomberg reports. Sony has extended the lifespan of the PlayStation 4 until the end of 2022, with an additional 1 million PS4 units being produced. In response to the growing demand for the PS5, which cannot be purchased as a backup strategy for Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S, it is estimated at this time that both models can be sold at least 12 million units. Not yet an official figure from Microsoft Source: The VergeSPONSORED
The creators of Second Life returned to the company because of the metaverse trend.|Phillip Rosedale, the creator of Second Life, a life simulation game, returns to the game he created. After the metaverse is heating up. Aiming to make the game even better back in 2003, Phillip Rosedale created a game called Second Life, which was administered by Linden Lab. The game is a simulation of digital living. Rosedale then went on to do another project and founded a new company called High Fidelity, which worked exclusively on the creation of a virtual reality platform. It's almost two decades old, and it's going to take some time for new players to get used to Second Life, Rosedale's return to Linden Lab. At this time, many gaming companies are interested in the metaverse world, as has already happened with Roblox, Fortnite, and even GTA V Roleplay, which is a similar source code to GTA Online.
Russia arrests REvil hackers at U.S. government request|The suspect, believed to be a hacker using the REvil ransom software that was subpoenaed by the U.S. government, has been arrested, according to The Russian Federal Security Service, announced on Friday. To the computer search REvil has caused massive damage over the past 12 months, launching ransomware attacks on a number of major companies, such as attacks on U.S. tech company Kaseya and food company JBS Foods. They have seized a lot of cash, he said. Both in rubles, euros and US dollars. It also includes cryptocurrencies, computers and 20 luxury cars, in a statement said security agencies had conducted a search for REvil at the request of U.S. authorities. Charges have been filed against a Ukrainian citizen with links to REvil after using ransom software to attack Kaseya, including the arrest of seven members of europol's REvil group. President Joe Biden has called on Russia to tighten its handling of hackers, particularly those using ransom software. The latter found that many hackers were hiding in Russia.
Apple has encountered heat issues and software in mixed reality devices may not be ready to launch this year.|Apple's mixed reality device, which was reportedly scheduled to launch later this year, has struggled with heat. It may have to be launched in 2023 instead of bloomberg news agency. Mixed reality glasses, which are headphones for virtual reality and augmented reality applications, may not be up to date for launch in late 2022 due to problems during development as originally scheduled. Apple intends to announce its first mixed reality device to the world at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2022, but faces serious challenges related to overheating and software and camera problems, making it difficult to solve the problem in time for Bloomberg this year. Apple's mixed reality device is considered one of the high-end devices that could cost up to US$2,000 or nearly 70 thousand Baht. It declined to comment on Bloomberg's report Source: BloombergSPONSORED
Google's foldable smartphone may come as Google Notepad, knocking cheaper than Galaxy Z Fold3.|The trend of foldable smartphones is likely to continue in 2022, especially on Google's side, where pixel may be launched as a foldable screen in the near future, a source on the website 9to5Google revealed. In the 9to5Google report, google has also considered other names at the same time, such as LogBook, however, plans for Pixel's foldable smartphone, or even product naming, can change at any time until it is officially released. Priced at $1,799 in the U.S. (while in Thailand, priced at $57,900), Google is confident it will be able to push prices cheaper than Samsung, but it's unclear how much cheaper it will be, a Google spokesperson said. Don't comment on this issue Source: 9to5Google
Walmart plans to create cryptocurrencies and virtual goods, ready for the metaverse.|Walmart, a well-known U.S. retailer Are seriously committed to entering the metaverse. After filing a trademark registration, paving the way for the creation of NFTs, cryptocurrencies compete in the metaverse world. The latest situation is Walmart, a well-known retailer with branches in the United States and many countries around the world. It is another company interested in entering a new world, CNBC reported on December 30, 2021. Walmart has applied for several trademark registrations. Contains virtual goods Electronics and home furnishings, sporting goods, as well as the creation of their own NFTs and cryptocurrencies. Bloomberg News also reported on Walmart's readiness for the metaverse. Walmart has filed trademarks for Verse to Home, Verse to Curb and Verse to Store, hinting that Walmart is going to continue to create virtual shopping experiences. Documents filed by Walmart with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Back in August 2021, for the first time, Walmart's signal for entering the metaverse was posted by posting job postings to grope cryptocurrency experts.
U.S. airline business warns 5G signal has seriously affected aircraft|Many carriers in the United States Warning that the new 5G deployments of AT&T and Verizon could have a catastrophic impact on the aviation business, said a senior U.S. airline's chief executive. AT&T and Verizon issued a 5G service on Wednesday that the 5G service in the C-Band networks of AT&T and Verizon on Wednesday could result in the inability of many airlines' aircraft to take off, causing passenger strands and chaos on U.S. flights. Last year. Both carriers are trying to find ways to reduce the risk of interference, such as installing buffers around airports, as well as delaying plans to expand 5G services twice, the Federal Aviation Administration warned, pointing out that new 5G signals could interfere with highly sensitive flying instruments such as altitude meters and could hinder low-visibility flights. Many airlines are considering whether to cancel flights scheduled to arrive in the United States on Wednesday, in addition to offering to waive 5G services in runway areas of some airports.
Microsoft closes deal to buy Activision Blizzard for $2.2 trillion|Tech giant Microsoft has closed its 2022 defensive deal with the purchase of Activision Blizzard for $687 billion. By announcing the closing of a deal to grab Activision Blizzard in the hands of 687 billion U.S. dollars or more than 2.2 trillion Thai baht, Activision Blizzard is the largest deal in Microsoft's history. Read more: What Microsoft gained from buying the uncertain future of "TikTok" This acquisition pushes Microsoft to become a gaming giant second only to Tencent and Sony. The agreement between Microsoft and Activision Blizzard comes after Activision Blizzard faced sexual harassment claims and unequal pay issues, with nearly 40 employees reportedly resigning since July last year. It's unclear how Microsoft will solve Activision Blizzard's fermented problem. Kotic, CEO of Activision Blizzard, will retain his previous position, but will have to report directly to Phil Spencer, Xbox's number one executive.
Apple holds the number one share in the smartphone market, despite supply chain problems.|Although Apple is one of the smartphone manufacturers affected by the supply chain, in the fourth quarter of 2021, Apple still holds the number one smartphone market share. Slash wins Samsung Canalys Technology Market Research Company According to the latest report, global smartphone shipments for the fourth quarter of 2021 grew by 1 percent compared to the same period last year. The report also revealed that the COVID-19 pandemic Omicron species This has a significant impact on smartphone manufacturers as manufacturing plants have had to shut down production processes, with smaller companies in the market being the most affected. Because they have to find new suppliers to replace at the same time. Large companies, although affected by the pandemic, are considered less than smaller companies, reflected in smartphone shipments, which in Q4 of 2021 saw Apple return to the top of the market. Based on the success of the iPhone 13. Apple's market share was 22 percent, down 1 percent from the same period last year. According to Canalys analysts, Apple's supply chain is recovering, but production needs to be reduced due to a shortage of key components for assembling the iPhone 13, leading to insufficient production to meet demand. Percent and 8 percent, respectively, Source: TechCrunch
Tencent uses a facial scanning system, hoping to block children under the age of 18 from avoiding strict gaming hours restrictions.|Tencent As you know, the Chinese government has imposed strict restrictions on gaming hours among youth under the age of 18, allowing only 3 hours of gaming per week, limited to Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and special holidays between 8 p.m. and 21 a.m. Users on Tencent's gaming platform There's no need to log in with a facial recognition program, but youth accounts require a face scan every time. This is especially true when logging into the game and buying items within tencent games. If there is simultaneous login on multiple devices at the same time, facial recognition will scan to make sure that the user who is logging in is the real account owner, not the youth who is logged in with the account of someone over 18 years old.
U.S. Government Improved merger guidelines In the midst of the Microsoft and Activision Blizzard deal streams|The U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice are preparing to update merger guidelines. Amid a wave of major acquisitions by Microsoft and Activision Blizzard, the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission are preparing joint plans to review upcoming mergers as mergers continue to increase over the past two years. This may prevent fair competition in business operations while enhancing audit work. Announcement of the amendment of the merger guidelines It didn't happen because of the acquisition between Microsoft and Activision Blizzard, it was just a timeline of what happened over time. When asked by reporters about the major acquisition of Microsoft, he said: To the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission, both government agencies declined to comment on Phil. Spencer, Xbox and Microsoft executives In this case, Microsoft used wording similar to when Microsoft acquired Bethesda, another famous gaming studio, with some games exclusively for Xbox, some of which will be released on both Xbox and PlayStation platforms.
Twitter reveals 45 percent more Thais tweet sports - Football wins the hearts of Thais the most|Twitter revealed the trend that Thai sports fans are most interested in in 2021, with hashtags #olympics #mufc and #. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has not yet ended, it has been the year that major sporting events have been postponed to resume competitions, both for the Olympics 2020 and Euro 2020. Barbieri, Twitter's head of sports and gaming partnerships in Southeast Asia and China, said Twitter and sports always have a special relationship. Although events were postponed and cancelled the previous year, sports fans on Twitter are still interested in sporting events. When the competition resumed last year, it was a great opportunity. The accumulated expectations are sending out a huge wave around the Twitter world. It is also a Twitter that can connect sports fans, making it a virtual space for sports fans to sit in the front row in every place. Competitions in the Popular Sports Trends section in Thailand There are 6 issues as follows: The new rising star at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan, marks the debut of the latest Thai sports hero. Tennis-Panipak Wongpattanakit, who successfully won the gold medal in taekwondo, has become #a tweeted sports hashtag. It was the 4th most on Thailand's Twitter last year. In addition, there are Thai Olympic athletes who have attracted interest in other places such as Ronaldo's # and # United. Cristiano Ronaldo has said goodbye to the theatre of dreams for 12 years on his return, making the hashtag #MUFC the second most talked about sport. Fans threw toys donated to underprivileged children onto the pitch as gifts for children. Although the men's and women's volleyball teams are not competing at the 2020 Olympics, volleyball is still a hot topic that Thai fans have #volleyball always talked about on Twitter. 2021Football Fever of all time, from #mufc to #euro2020 #ucl #lfcthai and more. Tweets about football in Thailand are still the most popular in Thailand, the 2021 annual sporting event was a big year for global sporting events that were postponed from previous years, including Euro 2020 and Olympics 2020, and pushed the hashtags #olympics #tokyo2020 # # and #2020 Trending tweets Top 10 most tweeted sports hashtags in Thailand in 2021
Instagram tested the subscription system to some users in the US.|Instagram is preparing to allow creators to create monetization jobs on the platform by coming in the form of a subscription system, but it has been tested in small groups only in the United States. Until today, Instagram has released a new service called Instagram Subscriptions. What's so special about this service? People who pay creators have exclusive access to live and stories. Of course, paying followers will have a different badge than other Instagram users. He said that only 10 creators participated in the Instagram Subscriptions test, mostly actors, celebrities, athletes, and online influencers. Of course, when it comes to such exclusive content, Instagram has to think about measures to prevent this extra content from reaching the hands of non-subscribed users, such as blocking screenshots in the form of stills or videos. Only in the phase of testing in this cycle. There is no such protection system on Mark's side. Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, said: "The subscription system will help creators earn more, and they're excited about the tool, which will help creators get creative, and we'll put more tools in the hands of creators.
Cyber experts advise Winter Olympics athletes to refrain from using personal devices, offering disposable mobile phones instead.|Olympic committees in many countries have advised athletes travelling to the 2022 Winter Olympics in China to refrain from carrying their personal IT equipment due to data security risks. The Olympic Committees of each country are concerned about the issue of athletes' personal information that may have been hacked during the games, for example, the Dutch Olympic Committee. It is monitoring this issue, issuing alerts to athletes preparing to travel to compete. They are prohibited from carrying their own electronic devices on their way to Beijing, as well as the Olympic Committees of the United Kingdom and Australia. Cyber Experts It is recommended that athletes traveling to the 2022 Winter Olympics should carry disposable electronic devices or choose to rent electronic devices instead. There are also other methods, such as using a VPN to wiping all personal data on the device. Before arriving in China, the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics Organizing Committee It confirmed that the Chinese government attaches great importance to the protection of personal data, and that important information will not be disclosed unless it is necessary. Information will only be used for purposes related to the Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
Sony Thailand New PlayStation 5 bookings for 2022|Sony Thailand Sony Thai's fan 21 page announces the launch of PS5 pre-orders tomorrow, January 21, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. The model features an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader with a DualSense wireless controller and a TV XR-55X90J, available for $53,490.2. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader, available for 16,990 baht, as you know. This time, the electronics industry. Therefore, products with a simple manufacturing process such as PS5 are limited.
Cyfirma analyzes 10 cyber security trends 2022, pointing to ransomware booming among hackers|Cypherma Assess cyber security trends in 2022. Ransom software tends to intensify. Hackers also have more tools and tools than Cyfirma, a provider of threat prediction platforms. Analyze upcoming trends in this year's cybersecurity industry. He said ransomware software is likely to intensify, especially now that hackers have tools that can work on behalf of humans 24 hours a day. Due to the covid-19 pandemic As a result, hacker attacks have increased by 4 times over time. With more people having to work from home, there is an increase in cyber attacks to sell data on the dark web. Consumers use approximately 150 billion Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and a large number of IoT devices may arm cybercriminals. Aimed at ordinary users and large companies, leading to more specialized cybercrimes attacksSPONSORED Ciferma analyzes that cybercriminals will have more specific attack characteristics. Cybercrime There is a lot of readiness. It can be said that hackers There are capitalists, there are sources of capital. Infrastructure providers need to be aware when hacker attacks are ready and full-fledged, making 2022 attacks better than last year. In addition, hackers will focus on negotiating with the victims in order to obtain financial benefits to attack intellectual property. It's about cyber warfare. There are opportunities in both the public and private sectors. Both small and large. The main purpose is to cause reputational damage. In 2022, threats can continue, with ransomware software being a thriving business among hackers. Because now ransomware software is considered a service that can be purchased until it is said that ransomware as a service (RaaS) just buy the service, there is a wooden device ready, and the smartphone device is the target of criminalsSPONSORED because smartphone devices are used by the whole world. Therefore, it is considered an interesting target of cybercriminals. There is a lot of information on smartphones, which hackers can continue to carry out various attacks, such as call center gangs, SMS scams, to phishing, data theft for destruction in 2022. Became more interested in transactions. Therefore, leaving a digital footprint, hackers can exploit it, especially behaviors that are active in the social media world. This is especially the case when a state wants to attack a particular country. The state may also employ people with specialized expertise. Therefore, people with specialized knowledge are needed to become consultants because each country has a different context.
Facebook and Instagram prepare tools to create, showcase, and trade NFT works|Meta, the owner of Facebook and Instagram platforms, is sticking to the nft's heat by creating tools that can create, display, and trade works on the meta platform. The leader in social media platforms relies on the sizzling NFT trend. Prepare to add tools to enable creators to create their work. From exhibiting to buying and selling works in the form of NFTs through Facebook and Instagram for the first time, meta needs It is believed that it wants to push these digital assets as far as possible. In a financial Times report, meta's tools to support digital assets like NFTs are still only in their early stages and can change plans at any time. The approach to creating tools for NFT molding awakening is consistent with Adam. Mosseri and Mark Zuckerberg, who has hinted to be paying attention to real NFT technology for NFTs, estimates that the latest trending new technology is worth as much as $410 billion in 2021, and this year it should grow even more. DECLINED TO COMMENT ON THIS SOURCE: FTSPONSORED
Sony pleads with Microsoft to continue multiplatform activision games|Sony expects the game to continue to be multi-platform, with PlayStation 5 owner Sony moving for the first time since the major merger between Microsoft and Activision Blizzard. Actionvision Blizzard games are usually available on multiple platforms, available on both PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S. Sony's concerns are not unexpected, and Sony's call of duty: Black Ops Cold War is considered the top selling game on the PlayStation 5 platform, second only to Fortnite. Gaming confirms that there is no need to pull the call of duty player community from the PlayStation 5 platform.
Samsung releases teaser hinting at galaxy S22's arrival, expected to launch this February|Samsung announced that the Galaxy Note 21 will not be released in 2021, arguing that it was a supply chain issue. In the second half of the year, the Galaxy Note differed in screen size, and the final stylus, the differences they had, gradually disappeared. The teaser released today is interesting because it hints that the smartphones of the two series are going to merge into one, along with the message "Ready to break the rules?" It's possible that the Galaxy S22 may come with the same stylus slot as all previous Galaxy Notes, but it's unclear whether the Galaxy Note's identity and features will be exclusive to the Galaxy S22 Ultra or the same in all models.
Amazon launches high-tech clothing store Amazon Style in Los Angeles|Amazon, the world's largest retailer Announced the launch of a traditional clothing store or brick-and-mortar, naming the store Amazon Style. In recent times, Amazon has not been a retailer that sells everything in the world, only online. Amazon's newest clothing store, Amazon Style, combines the purchase of clothes in a hands-on experience and through an app. The interior of the store is 30,000 square feet. Located inside The Americana at Brand in Los Angeles, the service is in-store. As soon as the customer enters the interior, the Amazon Shopping application must be opened. Once you've found the clothes you want, scan the QR code, then select details such as size, color, or subtleties. After submitting the information, the product will immediately wait in the fitting room. Amazon Style's service model reduces problems for customers in case they have to dismantle the clothes they need. FROM THE PROBLEM OF SHIRT SIZE TO THE LITTLE THINGS LIKE WALKING IN AND OUT OF THE FITTING ROOM SEVERAL TIMES. There will be a welcome screen with the user's name, where you can shop as well as request to see clothes of different sizes from this screen.
Google Silent Development of AR Glasses as Project Iris First Launched in 2024|The earliest launch opportunity is 2024The development trend of Google's augmented reality glasses was the most talked about in September last year, covering the entire ecosystem as Project Iris, with the full range of augmented reality OS and AR glasses. On the operating system side, there is still a fair amount of confusion. Some news outlets say that Google has chosen to use android operating systems adapted to AR technology, while others say that it is a new operating system development since the source of this insider news release. Google's AR glasses, which are still prototypes at this time, are still being identified. It resembles ski goggles. Google believes that Google will develop its own AR glasses working core chipset similar to the Tensor chipset, which is used in the Pixel family of smartphones, and will be optimized to work properly for this wearable. Employees involved will need a special key card and must sign non-disclosure agreements with Google's AR glasses launch schedule as well as availability of releases. Expected to take place in 2024 Source: TechCrunch, 9to5Google, The VergeSPONSORED
Mark Zuckerberg reveals Meta aims to develop the world's fastest supercomputer|The co-founder of Facebook has revealed his new intentions by announcing that he wants to build the world's fastest supercomputer. To be used as part of the metaverse marker world. Zuckerberg, head of Meta, revealed that in creating a platform for the future like the Metaverse, we're going to have to build a platform for the future. It requires enormous processing power. There is a need to develop the fastest supercomputer in the world. As part of the plan to create the Metaverse, Facebook's co-founder said on its blog, the metaverse is a combination of virtual reality and augmented reality. These require enormous computing power today. Meta has its own supercomputer as well. Research SuperCluster (RSC) aims to become the fastest supercomputer in the metaverse brand by 2022. The world of the complete metaverse is very far from reality at this time. And it will take years for meta to assess that there are still many issues. From artificial intelligence automated translation systems. Meta researchers have confirmed that all users' data is encrypted or end-to-end encrypted before being entered into the research supercomputer.
Myanmar Military Government Preparing to enact new cyber laws Do not use a VPN|Myanmar's authoritarian government Preparing to enact new cyber laws To arrest and detain people who access social media sites, to use virtual private networks or VPNs after the coup in Myanmar. Last year The junta has banned the use of social media. Whether it's Twitter, Facebook, Instagram. People in Myanmar have opted for VPNs to access websites that have been blocked by the government in recent days. A document was leaked that the Minister of Transport and Communications Prepare to draft a law to give authorities full authority to access user personal information. Content not allowed by the Myanmar government Restricting Internet Access and Data Interception Detain individuals who criticize authority online. Nay Phone Latt, a former member of parliament from the National League for Democracy (NLD), said the law is evidence that authoritarian governments want to permanently undermine internet freedom. This is a violation of digital rights. Privacy, human rights and freedom of expression Source: The IrrawaddySPONSORED
Nokia launches X Series smartphones to top-end smartphone market in Thailand|Nokia unveils plans to operate this year Planning to launch the X Series smartphone into the top-end smartphone market in Thailand, along with feature phones, Mr. Paradorn Rambutr, Business Development Manager, HMD Global Co., Ltd. (HMD), revealed that last year was a challenging year amid the COVID-19 crisis. A slowing and volatile economy, including online learning As a result, there is a huge demand for smartphones and tablets. Last year, Nokia focused on selling smartphones that meet the needs of its use. Nokia will continue to focus on expanding its customer base with smartphones in the C and G series segments into the mid-range smartphone market to give consumers the opportunity to try and experience various features. In 2021, nokia said it will use its strategy to increase its online and offline sales channels to create opportunities for consumers to experience Nokia smartphones and communicate directly to customers about the quality of Nokia smartphones and tablets. It emphasizes production in accordance with Scandinavian standards.
Klein Vision, a Slovakian startup, is confident AirCar will be available within 12 months.|In addition to the trend of electric cars. On the other hand, there are also efforts to create flying cars, according to Slovakian startup Klein Vision. Slovakian startups Their flying car products, known as AirCar, have been certified by the Slovak Transport Authority, he said. After undergoing rigorous flight testing for up to 70 hours, including meeting European Aviation Safety Agency standards, a Klein Vision spokesperson said their AirCar products are ready for commercial release in the next 12 months. however Who will own and drive this flying car? A pilot's license is required before Klein Vision's AirCar can fly at an altitude of 18,000 feet and reach a top speed of 190 km/h, tested last June. A 35-minute test flight was conducted between Nitra Airport and the capital Bratislava. The plane can be instantly converted into a car. It consists of retractable wings. The same applies to the rear end of the foldable car, equipped with parachutes. The BMW engine has 160 horsepower. In the near future, Klein Vision wants to build a 4-seater, twin-turbo AirCar to amphibious aircraft.
Twitter prepares to test new feature "Flock" Shares Tweets Only Up To 150 Close Friends|Twitter continues to test new features, with developer Alessandro Paluzzi revealing that Twitter is introducing a feature called Flock, allowing users to share tweets only for up to 150 close friends. It is similar to the system called Close Friends on the Instagram application, where private tweets are shared by users only in a group of friends. But Twitter will call this capability Flock earlier. If you go back to July last year. Twitter is reportedly testing a feature, which is similar to Flock but has a different name. At that time, The feature is called "Trusted Friends" by Alessandro Paluzzi. The application developer, or @alex193a, who is his user name on Twitter, has found the Flock feature and has revealed on his Twitter how flock works as stated above. Users can choose up to 150 friends to flock, and only this section of the user can see the tweet and reply to it. Users also have the right to customize their Flock at any time, and there will be no notification to users who have dropped out of Flock. It hasn't been revealed yet, and it's unclear whether the Flock feature is free or requires a paid subscription. To access Which needs to wait for another clarity on the source: The VergeSPONSORED
Nvidia is set to end arm takeover after facing scrutiny from regulators around the world.|Nvidia is one of the world's leading technology companies. The deal is worth $40 billion as it faces intense scrutiny from regulators, Bloomberg news agency reported. Invidia said it was planning to end the acquisition of Arm, the chipset design company, and the main reason why Invidia may decide to withdraw from the deal was because of regulators around the world. They are also concerned that Invidia may hold an advantage in the semiconductor industry if that is indeed the case. It is possible that SoftBank, arm's parent company, may choose to push further into the stock exchange. The top executives of both Invidia and SoftBank expect the deal to be successful, even under the watchful eye of regulators. That is, the issue of loss of neutrality because there may be a problem of discouraging competitors who need Arm's technology, as well as the trade secrets that Arm has with that technology company will go into Invidia's hands to gain an advantage.
Analysts assess Sony should buy EA to counter Microsoft and Activision Blizzard deals|analyst Assessing the situation after Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard could affect leading gaming companies such as EA, Take-Two and Ubisoft. The Ubisoft acquisition of Microsoft's $70 billion acquisition of Activion Blizzard has not ended because the deal could affect other leading gaming companies, The Associated Press reported. Hollywood Reporter Financial analysts said. It's interesting to think that if Sony wants to counter the Microsoft deal that happened, it's going to be a good idea. The acquisition of EA or Electronic Arts is interesting because it is a leading gaming company comparable to Activision Blizzard with a current value of US$37 billion. It is the world's leading licensed gaming series, including Grand Thef Auto, Red Dead Redemption, Mafia, and sports games, which are released annually on NBA2K and WWE2K. Market Overview Value Tech2 It's even cheaper than EA. Tech2's corporate value is estimated at $180 billion. The company's value is estimated at $5 billion.Read more: Deal shocks the world Microsoft - Activision Blizzard with big concerns, monopoly on the gaming industry, squeezing consumers at the same time On the other hand, Disney has the opportunity to re-enter the video game business, particularly the approach of current Disney CEO Bob Chapek, who is interested in the metaverse world and may take this opportunity to fuse the metaverse world with Disney theme parks. However, in the past, Disney has used the method of selling its rights to studios to create games, such as in the case of Star Wars, characters from The Avengers, and Disney cartoons. But what's interesting is that. Sony will respond to the acquisition of Activion Blizzard How more than it comes from: GameSpot, THRSPONSORED
Twitter reveals Thailand ranks 4th in the world K-pop is the highest.|Twitter released an overview of K-Pop tweets on Twitter, with last year 7.8 billion tweets about pop culture from South Korea worldwide. Thailand ranks 4th in the world for K-pop tweets, Twitter revealed on Twitter about the hashtag #KpopTwitter and said pop culture from South Korea grew by 16 percent from two years ago. About 6.7 billion tweets about #KpopTwitter But in 2021, there was a massive increase in tweets worldwide, reaching 7.8 billion tweets. It ranks 4th among the countries with the most K-pop tweets in the worldSPONSORED countries, while the country with the highest number of K-pop fans at this time, with the top 4 coming from all of Asia, led by Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines and South Korea. It moved from 7th place in 2020 to 6th place in the K-pop artist category with the most tweets, none other than BTS (@BTS_twt), a K-pop group that reigned as the pop icon of the 21 th century, followed by NCT (@NCTsmtown). NCT (@NCTsmtown) surpassed BTS (@BTS_twt) and GOT7 (@GOT7Official) respectively, while the top 4 girls of BLACKPINK (@BLACKPINK) ranked 5th out of the top 20 most tweeted K-pop artists in the world and 4th out of the top 10 in Thailand. For 2022, Twitter estimates that #KpopTwitter will continue to be hot, and there are many opportunities to set new records in addition to the K-pop music industry. And K-pop fans don't just talk about their favorite music, but also about performances, concerts, and everyday life, for example.
Xiaomi Thailand Redmi Note 11 series launched, 108-megapixel rear camera Supports 120Hz screen|Xiao Mi Thailand Redmi Note 11 series smartphones were launched. Xiaomi announced the launch of the Redmi Note 11, which consists of four models: Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G, Redmi Note 11 Pro, Redmi Note 11S and Redmi Note 11. At this time, the Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G and Redmi Note 11 Pro are still in coming soon, awaiting release soon, with both models yet to be released as high-end specs of the series.sponsored models are considered the most affordable models of the series, with a 6.43-inch screen size, Full HD+ resolution, support for a refresh rate of 90Hz, and a fingerprint sensor on the side of the processor chip. 8MP Ultra Wide Camera 2-megapixel macro The 2-megapixel depth-gauge camera and 13-megapixel front-facing camera, a 5,000 mAh battery, 33-watt fast charging with dual speaker systems and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack are available for a starting price of 6,299 baht, available in three colors: Graphite Grey, Twilight Blue and Star Blue. 8MP Ultra Wide Camera 2MP macro camera The 2-megapixel depth-of-the-box camera and 16-megapixel selfie front camera come with the same battery at 5,000 mAh and support for 33-watt fast charging and are available for $8,299 in three colors: Graphite Grey, Twilight Blue and Pearl WhiteSPONSOR. The Redmi Note 11 Pro uses the MediaTek Helio G96 chip, but the Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G switches to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 instead. It has 4 rear cameras, with the main camera being 108 megapixels. 8MP Ultra Wide Camera A 2-megapixel macro camera and a 2-megapixel depth-gauge camera on the Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G side. The front-facing selfie camera comes equal at 16 megapixels. Available in 3 colors, starting with Graphite Grey, Polar White, and Atlantic BlueRedmi Note 11 Pro 5G, Graphite Grey, Polar White and Star BlueSPONSORED.
Apple tests Face ID feature, unlocks screen while wearing face mask for iOS 15.4|iOS 15.4 may be the operating system that iPhone 13 and other users around the world have been waiting for. According to the 9to5Mac website, Apple is testing a new feature specifically for Face ID, a feature that can unlock the iPhone screen. The possibility of this feature likely to be an update of the iOS 15.4 operating system, which will follow in the near future. Users are wearing face masks that their iPhone can recognize specific features around the eyes for authentication. But Apple also emphasized that Face ID functionality is most accurate when not wearing a mask. It's unclear whether the screen unlocking feature, even when wearing a mask, will be available to all iPhone users, or whether it's limited to iPhone 12 and iPhone 13. Declined to provide any information about this issue Source: 9to5Mac
Twitter released its first half 2021 report, which found an increase in requests to remove content from governments around the world.|Twitter released a report between January and June of 2021 that found that governments around the world were sending more requests to remove content than the year before. The world's largest social networking provider In the first six months of 2021, governments of different countries submitted 43,387 legal requests and 196,878 requests for tweets of various accounts of interest from various government requests around the world. The first half of 2021 was the largest since Twitter decided to release its first transparency report in 2012. Take Indonesia, for example. Complaints have been filed regarding tweets of sexual services and illegal sexual content. Russia is the subject of suicide incitement, for example, in the case of Russia. There used to be news that if no action was taken on the above content. Child pornography and drug abuse Russia has threatened to ban Twitter. More than 95 percent of global government demands come from five countries: Japan, Russia, Turkey, India and South Korea. Vice President of Global Public Policy, Twitter It said legal demand from governments around the world is rising, more than in the same period in 2020, and it remains to be seen whether the numbers will rise further. And governments of countries around the world. Try to intervene and ask for more content to be deleted. This poses a threat to privacy and freedom of expression, which is of great concern.
Meta announces end-to-end encryption on the Messenger app in both call and chat formats.|Meta has successfully encoded chats and calls on the Messenger application for all users dating back to 2016. When the Messenger application was still called Facebook Messenger, they announced that they would start end-to-end encryption for users to protect their conversations from hackers and government agencies. Supports private messaging Group and outgoing and receiving calls. In addition to the full rollout of this feature, Messenger also has other features to follow, such as support for GIF files, reaction displays and stickers, etc., as well as screen capture on the screen.
Apple says it now uses more than 1.8 billion devices.|Apple has released the latest figures on the number of users of all types of devices, including more than 1.8 billion units, according to Apple CEO Tim Cook. Apple now has more than 1.8 billion devices activated, and by the end of 2021, Apple had just launched the iPhone 13, a key product that has generated revenue for Apple over the past 15 years. Apple recently announced that about 1.65 billion devices have been activated, and more than 1 billion iPhones have been counted. Enabling Apple Devices The trend continues to increase every year. According to Apple in 2016, the time About 1 billion devices have been activated, and it is possible that by 2023 there is a chance to reach 2 billion as well, while Apple's main competitor, the Android operating system, according to Google last year, said about 3 billion Android devices were in use.
The market research firm revealed Global smartphone shipments in 2021 grew by 4 percent|Counterpoint Research releases latest report Global smartphone shipments grew more than last year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and According to Counterpoint Research, global smartphone shipments in 2021 grew by about 4 percent last year, with global shipments reaching 1.39 billion units. But the production process cannot be produced on demand, which hopefully solves the problem quickly, the report said, adding that demand for smartphones in North America, Europe, China and India is increasing. As a result, the smartphone market expanded, especially in the case of iPhone 12, which supports 5G wireless networks. analyst "Before the COVID-19 pandemic, we had a lot of problems. The demand for smartphones is declining. This is due to rising prices. The market tends to be saturated, and in the face of COVID-19, consumers are slowing down their smartphone purchases because they are not ready to pay for this.
The New York Times newspaper bought the hit game Wordle, confirming it's free to play.|The social media hit Wordle has become part of The New York Times. Without disclosing the price in this trade, Wordle The game is now a puzzle game, but now the game has been purchased by The New York Times after the deal was announced. The New York Times confirmed that the game will continue to be free to play. The only thing that will change is that the Wordle game will be under The New York Times only for the value of this trade. The game was created by Brooklyn software engineer Josh Wardle, whose game was officially released in October 2021 and has gained worldwide popularity with more than a million players worldwide. He usually plays with his partner, then gradually tries the game with family members, in a group of friends, until the game's approach should go further. Source: NYTimes, TechCrunch
Sony closes deal for Bungie, the developer of "Halo" and "Destiny", worth 120 billion baht|Sony made a slight move in the gaming industry by acquiring Bungie, one of the best-known game studios, and had previously deposited great works like Halo and Destiny for $3.6 billion after Microsoft's Activision Blizzard deal faded. Sony, on the other hand, has made some moves. The company announced the closing of the deal for Bungee. According to Sony's official website, Sony's acquisition of Bungee was listed as worth US$3.6 billion or about US$120 billion, which is very small compared to Microsoft's acquisition of the Activion Blizzard of nearly US$70 billion. Before spending big money on other leading gaming companies. IN THE NEAR FUTURESPONSORED BUNJEE It used to leave a good track record under the franchise called Halo, which is now in Microsoft's hands, but later Bunji split into an independent company and created a new franchise called Destiny for Bungy's affiliated games. Even under Sony's eaves, it is believed that all games will remain available on a multi-platform basis.
BlackBerry sells smartphone and messaging patents for $600 million|BlackBerry, a former smartphone maker in its heyday. Catapult IP Innovations has decided to sell its mobile and text patents for $600 million as a buyer for Berry. Enter the farewell point of the smartphone business again. The company later announced the sale of its own major patents. Whether it is a patent in the field of mobile devices. The buyer of the patent is Catapult IP Innovations, a new company set up to purchase the patent by Berry, meaning that the company will own the design of a Berry-style smartphone, QWERTY keyboard, BlackBerry Messenger or BBM, etc., according to Arteknica news agency. Catapult IP Innovations said the money it received came from loans to purchase patents, so the possibility that Catapult IP Innovations would continue after this. If you don't develop your own smartphone Instead, they will sue every smartphone manufacturer that infringes patents, as everyone knows. In the past, Berry was considered to be a leading company in the smartphone business, until the arrival of Apple in 2007, which finally defeated the smartphone market and recently ended support for BlackBerry OS in early 2022. Under the license that Blackberry sold to TCL, it was unsuccessful, even in the hands of OnwardMobility, who said it would have a Blackberry-style smartphone. It was launched in 2021, but until then, it has not been released at present. Berry's core business consists of two parts: the QNX operating system, which is used in cars, and the development of enterprise-grade security software.
Meta adds 3D avatars to Instagram, Messenger and Facebook platforms|Mark Zuckerberg Metaverse is preparing to bring Meta into the Metaverse, adding 3D avatars to support all platforms including Instagram, Messenger and Facebook. The 3D avatar will be added to the digital clothing section, which has partnered with the NFL to cheer for the Super Bowl final, which will see the Cincinnati Bengals vs. Los Angeles Rams on February 13, 2022, at 6:30 a.m. on the morning of February 14. Even in the overall metaverse world under meta development, it is still in the research phase. It is currently in the testing phase, with user groups and countries including in the US, Canada and Mexico.
U.S. Trade Commission begins review Microsoft and Activision Blizzard deals|U.S. Trade Commission The process of reviewing Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard began after the global deal resulted in Microsoft becoming the world's third-largest gaming company, the Federal Trade Commission or the Federal Trade Commission. He said the agency will begin investigating the acquisition of Activision. Microsoft's Blizzard to see if it has a monopoly and will harm its competitors by restricting access to games owned by Action Blizzard or not. Many analysts estimate that Microsoft's acquisition of Action Blizzard is unlikely to be easily successful. The Federal Trade Commission has previously said it will review merger rules more strictly. Especially in the last 2 years. There have been more acquisitions in recent times. The Federal Trade Commission has also blocked the acquisition of Nvidia and Arm. It is considering canceling this acquisition with the main aim of this review to block monopoly opportunities, which may prevent fair competition in business operations, while reducing concentration in various industries last month. Microsoft has shocked the world by investing more than $68 billion in cash or more than $2 trillion in Thailand. The deal is expected to be completed within 18 months, making Microsoft the third video game company in the world. After Tencent and Sony acquired the world's most popular franchises such as Call of Duty, Warcraft and StarCraft when asked for more information from the Federal Trade Commission and Microsoft, they declined to comment further.
EA Sports removes Mason Greenwood from FIFA 22|Mason Greenwood The Manchester United striker was removed from FIFA 22 after he was charged with rape and assault by EA Sports. The young striker from Manchester United has left the game. He was later arrested and charged with rape and assault, according to the BBC. Greenwood was arrested by police on Sunday. A woman who is a lover of Greenwood's antiques later opened up about the assault on social media in response to the incident. EA Sport, the developer of FIFA 22, decided to remove Mason's in-game characters. Greenwood has removed and suspended Greenwood's player card from the FIFA Ultimate Team system. Football Manager 22 or FM22 still has Mason Greenwood's name inside the game, fm22 developer Sport Interactive, commented The Associated Press. Athletic said the development team would like to wait to see more information before making a decision. As a result, Greenwood's name remains in the game, at least until now. Greenwood's club is Manchester United. The 20-year-old striker will not be able to return to training or play until further notice, as does Nike, which is a personal sponsor of football boots and apparel for Greenwood. Greenwood confirmed that it had suspended its deal with Greenwood and was closely monitoring the situation last year. Mendy The Manchester City left-back was accused of rape. Mendy characters have also been removed from FIFA 22 games and the Football Manager 22 game databaseSource: The Athletic, KotakuSPONSORED
Sony reveals 3.9 million PlayStation shipments in the last five quarters Reflecting supply chain issues|Sony owns the PlayStation 5 platform, Sony, revealed delivery figures for PlayStation 5 in the fourth quarter of 2021, with 600,000 more shipments than the previous quarter, closing at 3.9 million units. The fourth quarter of 2021 was an important quarter as it coincided with the shopping season and the long holidays, with PS5 player shipments reaching 3.9 million units, 3.3 million units more than the previous quarter. PlayStation is still a key business for Sony, being one of the four main revenues of this giant company. In addition to Sony's previous target of 14.8 million units, sony's other interesting figures, particularly the film division, saw a 141 percent increase in revenue compared to the same period last year of U.S. $4 billion, which was dominated by the release of Spider-Man: No Way Home and Venom: Let There Be Carnage.
FBI accepts NSO Group's actual supply of spyware, insisting it is not used for investigative purposes.|The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation has acknowledged that it has actually purchased and tested NSO Group's software, but it is not intended to investigate, Reuters reported. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, also known as the FBI, acknowledged on Wednesday, local time, the NSO Group's spyware supply, that the NSO Group's Pegasus software was not used in any investigations, but merely for testing and tracking emerging technologies. The NSO Group has always insisted that the technology was developed to detect terrorism. And it is currently being sued by Apple for violating the User Agreement and the Service. It was later revealed by cybersecurity researchers. Pegasus software has been found to be used by political dissidents. Journalists and human rights activists once the targets of spyware users have been tracked. Users can control their phones by browsing text messages, incoming and outgoing calls, and even remotely as eavesdropping devices. Joe Biden's administration The decision to ban the NSO Group because the company from Israel was contrary to U.S. foreign policy and security interests. Source: ReutersSPONSORED
SCB Dbank Launched new application Spring Up, a health platform, to enter the Health Tech market.|SCB DBANK, a subsidiary of Siam Commercial Bank, has partnered with business partners including Mahidol University and Good Doctor Technology Thailand. Launching spring up application to enter the health market, Mr. Charlie Asavathiratham, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Banking Officer, Siam Commercial Bank, said: One of the ecosystems that focuses on health tech has collaborated with Mahidol University and Good Doctor Technology Thailand. Technology healthcare providers come to develop Spring Up application. The President of Mahidol University said: With more than 5,000 Thai and international menus, as well as providing in-depth nutrition information for proper eating planning, fitness is a proper exercise design feature, and more than 200 exercise demonstration programs to achieve exercise goals more easily. Chief Medical Officer Good Doctor Technology Thailand said the Telemedicine feature, one of the key features on Spring Up, will allow many people to take better care of their health and well-being without the need to talk or consult a doctor when they are sick. Aiming for 2 million downloads this yearSPONSORED
Luxury brand Guuci joins Apple in designing AirPods Max case|Gucci is an Italian brand name company. Gucci announces the release of a smart case developed specifically for AirPods Max headphones for US$980 or around US$33,000. It combines vintage and contemporary. The smart case is also considered a Made in Italy product at this time, the price of the AirPods Max is US$550. The price at the Apple Store in Thailand is set at 19,990 baht, but the price of this smart case from Gucci is 19,990 baht. Source: MacRumors, GucciSPONSORED
Facebook faces a new challenge After the number of users fell for the first time in 17 years.|Meta head Mark Zuckerberg takes on a new challenge The fourth quarter of 2021 showed a significant number for the meta: the number of facebook users fell for the first time since its launch 17 years ago, facebook lost about 500,000 daily active users in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the previous quarter, averaging 1.93 billion daily active users despite the figure of 1.93 billion per day. But this figure reflects that existing Facebook users are interested in competitors' applications, especially TikTok, which is a major competitor, and can capture the market of young users very well on TikTok. Admittedly, this is Facebook's competitor, especially since TikTok is an application that has grown by leaps and bounds in the past. Meta is trying to attract young users back to their services by cloning the TikTok application in the form of Reels on the Instagram application, but that may not be enough, David. Wehner, Meta's chief financial officer; Assessing the situation is due to the increase in internet data prices in India. This has affected the growth of Facebook users in India. It's not. Facebook's users in Bharata are around 350 million, making it a huge market for Facebook. Competitive reasons in the highly competitive application market also affect meta. The decline in user numbers could put pressure on Mark's approach to metaverse. Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and founder, estimates it will be the future of the internet.
LINE Thailand LINE Lite will be discontinued on February 28, 2022.|Line Thailand LINE Lite will be discontinued on February 28. Line applications are considered to be smaller applications. Highlights the look of a simple, low-memory interface. After about 7 years of service, LINE finally announced that the service will be discontinued on February 28, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. LOCAL TIME. Friends and group listings, including stickers that have been purchased or received as gifts, will remain in your account. Chat messages that used to be sent on the LINE Lite application cannot be transferred. If you want to keep chat messages Users need to back up their data. Line Thailand It does not give a reason to shut down LINE Lite in any way.
Mark Zuckerberg urged employees to focus on video product development after stocks plummeted sharply.|Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg is facing serious challenges. After a decline in user growth, video product development staff were urged to pull users back to meta's Q4 2021 earnings report, the first time it reported earnings with a new name yesterday, particularly as users fell for the first time in 17 years to 1.93 billion per day, followed by Facebook's share price news. It fell more than 26 percent, bringing the company's overall value to $230 billion, bloomberg news agency reported. In an internal teleconference with Meta, Mark Zuckerberg stressed to employees the essential need for a short video product, which Meta believes is one of the company's key products. In announcing the company's earnings to investors, Mark Zuckerberg Admittedly, Facebook is facing a competitor, which has grown so fast in recent years, like TikTok, before Instagram, meta's subsidiary application, cloned the TikTok application to Instagram under a feature called Reels. Meta's internal meeting discussed ways to keep employees at the company and not move to competitors. This includes guidelines to increase holidays to three days to solve burnout and encourage employees who are tired from work to take vacations.
Microsoft responds to rumors Confirm HoloLens 3 has not ceased development.|Microsoft's HoloLens team leader tweeted in response to rumors that Microsoft had ended development of HoloLens 3, confirming the technology was still excellent in the middle of last week. Business Insider reported that Microsoft has stopped developing HoloLens 3 technology due to lack of clarity in development guidelines, including partnering with Samsung to develop devices for the metaverse, which prompted Microsoft HoloLens development team head Alex Kipman to decline on Twitter. The emphasis is, don't believe what you read on the Internet, HoloLens is still great. If you try searching on the Internet, it is also said that we have canceled HoloLens 2. It is still shipped as usual in business reports. Insider quoted an internal Microsoft source as confirming the confusion and uncertainty of the HoloLens division. Before it was released to the public in early 2016, new versions were constantly being developed, although Alex Kipman, the team leader of the HoloLens division, denied it. Wall News Agency The Street Journal released a special article discussing the resignations of more than 70 Microsoft employees last year, particularly those in the HoloLens department. According to Mark, Zuckerberg, too, metaverse is a world at Microsoft. Under the management of Satya Nadella is ready to believe that the metaverse will be the next wave of Internet technology.
Apple plans to launch iPhone SE 5G in March|Apple is reportedly planning to launch its 2022 iPhone SE 5G in March, possibly alongside the new iPad 5G, bloomberg news agency reported. Apple is scheduled to launch a new product called the iPhone SE 5G model for 2022, as well as possibly the iPad 5G. The talk of iPhone SE 2022 has been discussed continuously since after the launch of the iPhone 13, believing that the third generation of the iPhone SE, which may see the Apple A15 Bionic chip, as well as improved camera quality, but it is unclear whether it will retain the original screen size of 4.7 inches the last time the iPhone SE was released must go back to 2020. In particular, it is vying for smartphone market share from rival companies Samsung and companies from China. In German's report In March, he said. Apple is ready to release an update to the iOS 15.4 operating system, which is interesting about the Face ID system, which can scan faces even when wearing a mask. At the earliest, it is to wait until 2023.
Nvidia canceled a $66 billion offer to buy Arm after being strongly opposed.|The $66 billion acquisition of chipset design firm Arm by Input has been cancelled. As a result, Arm's parent company, SoftBank, received $1.25 billion in compensation. The renowned technology company has ended its acquisition of UK-based chipset design firm Arm. After regulators in the US, UK and EU It expressed grave concern about the impact on competition in the global semiconductor industry, the Financial Times reported. Invidia's management team held a meeting on Monday to discuss the cancellation of arm's acquisition before coming to the conclusion that it needed to finally withdraw the offer from the agreement at that time. Many are concerned that Invidia has the potential to control Arm's technology as many of the world's leading companies rely on Arm's technology, with Invidia's competitors Qualcomm and Microsoft actively opposing the agreement. SoftBank, arm's parent company, will receive $1.25 billion in compensation, with arm set to enter the stock market earlier. Acquisition of Invidia Invidia used cash payments and the number of shares was estimated at $385 billion as of September 2020. As a result, this trade has reached the level of 87 billion USD.Source: FTSPONSORED
Meta sends a warning to the EU, canceling Facebook and Instagram services.|Meta, the parent company and provider of Facebook and Instagram, sent a warning to the European Union. If blocking the transfer of user data from Europe back to the United States The conflict between Europe and Meta has been going on for almost two years. The European Commission has been in talks with U.S. representatives on the issue of transferring data from Europe to the United States. It's just that the EU courts don't allow the data of European users. Transfer back to meta master servers in the United States. European Court Gives Security Reasons, seeing european user data as "unfounded". There is a chance that it is not safe. If it is returned to the United States in meta's annual earnings report, which was officially released on Thursday, it will be released on Thursday. If meta cannot agree with the EU, there is a chance that services such as Facebook and Instagram may not be able to continue in Europe, a spokesperson for Meta issued a statement on the issue by email, stating that Meta has no desire to withdraw from its European service. Companies and organizations all require data that is transferred between the United States and Europe. For action for the global section of the EU Commission spokesperson It also mentions that data transfer is complicated. It takes time to balance privacy and national security. This isn't the first time Meta or Facebook has threatened to shut down the service, as it has previously happened in Australia, but it's about paying for content that eventually appears on Facebook's platform. In particular, Nick Clegg, Meta's chief global affairs officer, once said in 2020 that, to be as clear as possible, Meta has no desire to withdraw its services from Europe and it is not necessary to do so.Source: Independent, BloombergSPONSORED
Google reports halving of account hacking After announcing the two-step authentication policy|Google revealed through its official blog, describing the success of its two-step authentication policy. By default, hacking of Google accounts has decreased significantly in recent times. Google's policy of tightening its cybersecurity system has led to many users being urged by Google to use a two-factor authentication system. Before it was subsequently set to the basic default, Google. Revealed via the official web blog In October 2021, when Google announced its default two-step authentication policy, more than 150 million Google users did not use the service. With cybercriminals decreasing by 50 percent from this approach, Google is confident that in the future, it can drive a policy of strengthening its cybersecurity system. Specifically, the guidelines for discontinuing the use of password systems Read more: Microsoft Many providers offer two-step authentication by default, but there is a problem that service providers choose the SMS authentication method. The right solution You should turn to authentication applications specifically or using physical authentication devices Source: Google Blog [1], [2]SPONSORED
PlayStation Test Hey PlayStation Voice Control on PlayStation 5|Sony introduced voice control for the PlayStation 5 platform, where users can command by saying the word Hey PlayStation. In the issue of the new feature, PlayStation 5 commands with voice commands, simply say "Hey PlayStation". Users can instruct PS5 to launch games, applications, or settings categories at all. The test is also limited to English-speaking countries in the U.S. and the United Kingdom. IN THE FIRST PHASE, SPONSORED, IN ADDITION TO THIS. Sony adds new features, such as bringing games or apps to the home screen. Sony Gamers interested in participating in the PS5 beta test can sign up on Sony's official website to try out the new feature first, but Sony has stressed that features may still have bugs, and features that if unsuccessful, won't be released.
Facebook's value fell by more than $600 billion for the first time since 2020.|Facebook's parent company Meta has a market capitalization of less than $600 billion for the first time since May 2020. Meta is one of the top five most valuable companies in the U.S., along with Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Alphabet. This was due to strong chipset sales during the last quarter. On the other hand, meta has been in constant trouble since its Q4 2021 financial release, with problems ranging from the first drop in Facebook users since its launch 17 years ago, threats from new competitors like TikTok, the impact of Apple's privacy policy, and problems with the European Union. On the issue of transferring data from Europe to the United States. It is in the process of fighting a monopoly issue under the supervision of the Federal Trade Commission, particularly on the issue of the acquisition of Whatsapp and Instagram.
Galaxy S22 Ultra, the successor to the legendary Galaxy Note, comes with an S Pen compartment packed with 4 rear cameras.|Samsung has ended the development of the Galaxy Note, placing the Galaxy S22 Ultra as its successor. The Galaxy S22 Ultra, the high-end smartphone of the Galaxy S22 series, continues the legacy instead of the Galaxy S22 Ultra with a design that is fairly similar to the Galaxy Note 20. The unit not only supports the S Pen, but also comes with the same S Pen compartment that the Galaxy Note used to be. Galaxy S220 Ultra has a 6.8-inch screen with QHD+ resolution (1440 x 3080 pixels), Super AMOLED, supports a 120Hz refresh rate, and has a maximum brightness of 1750 nits. Galaxy S22 Ultra comes in 5,000 mAh, supports fast charging at 44 watts and 15 watts wireless charging in terms of cameras. Available in 4 colors: Phantom Black, Phantom White, Green and Burgundy for overseas price, Galaxy S22 Ultra starts at USD 1,199, equivalent to approximately THB 40,000. But will the prices in Thailand follow this? We have to wait for clarity from Samsung Thailand once again.
Samsung reveals list of smartphones and tablets with 4 versions of Android update|At Galaxy Unpacked 2022, Samsung announced a new policy with a four-year extension of the update period for the new Android operating system, which is a new level for the Android user community. All smartphones and tablets launched at Galaxy Unpacked 2022, including Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+, Galaxy S22 Ultra, Galaxy Tab S8, Galaxy Tab S8+ and Galaxy Tab S8 Ultra, will be eligible for all of the above in addition to receiving Android updates for up to 4 years. We may also see an extension of the Android operating system update on the Pixel Phone side, as the Tensor chipset is a chipset designed by Google. THIS MAKES IT EASY TO EXTEND THE SPONSORED UPDATE FOR OTHER SMARTPHONES. Wait for more official revelations from Samsung.
Samsung Sends Galaxy Tab S8 to Galaxy Unpacked 2022|In addition to the launch of the Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+ and Galaxy S22 Ultra, at the end of the Galaxy Unpacked 2022 event, galaxy tab S8 was launched. Galaxy Tab S8 comes in 3 models: Galaxy Tabs S8, Galaxy Tab S8+ and Galaxy Tab S8 Ultra. It has a 14.6-inch screen with a resolution of 1848 x 2960 pixels in Super AMOLED and supports a 120Hz refresh rate. The front and rear cameras are dual cameras, with the rear cameras being 13-megapixel wide cameras and 6-megapixel ultra-wide cameras. The front camera is the same wide and ultra wide camera at 12 megapixelsSPONSORED, later models are Galaxy Tab S8+ and Galaxy Tabs S8, both models have a screen size of 12.4 inches, while the Galaxy Tab S8 at 11 inches supports a 120Hz refresh rate. For example, the processor chipset uses the same Qualcomm SM8450 Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 in all three models, supports the S Pen stylus as well. Starting with the Galaxy Tabs S8, Galaxy Tab S8+ and Galaxy Tab S8+ Ultra, the battery size is 8,000 mAh, 10,090 mAh, and 11,200 mAh respectively.
Apple has found an operating system for AR and VR called realityOS.|It's an issue that's been talked about for quite some time. Several international news outlets have reported simultaneously that they have seen Apple's source code, which refers to the name of its operating system called realityOS, as well as a number of other developers found the source code on GitHub and locked the upload file of realityOS on Apple's App Store platform, Mark Kerman of Bloomberg News. Apple has previously reported that the existence of realityOS may have to go back as far as 2017, when it was internally referred to as the "Oak" project, and then Apple developed an operating system for AR and VR under constant rumors, followed by the acquisition of a company specializing in AR/VR technology, such as the purchase of VRvana in 2017.
Disney announces the company's future lies in the sports streaming business and the Metaverse world.|Disney bets on the company's future in its sports streaming business and its entry into the metaverse, according to a release made during Bob's earnings report. Disney CEO Chapek ESPN's success reflects the success of its sports business, with ESPN, a comprehensive sports media company, considered one of the companies under the Disney brand in 1996. In 2021, the 100 most-watched sports programs in the U.S. were the most watched sports programs with 95 of them. For example, UFC cage boxing, golf, and college football, in addition to this, Chapek also looked at the importance of the metaverse world. Realize that the metaverse is about the future. What will happen in the future can be called the metaverse, perhaps a combination of digital and physical experiences, while providing an entertainment experience. reaction Innovation is very important for Disney, however. Any plan that involves the metaverse. Disney didn't go into much detail from this revelation.
Apple issues update notifying users not to use AirTag to track people|Apple released an update to its AirTag accessory after reports that it had been misused, particularly to track someone else's people or property. Prepare to issue an update on the use of AirTag with immediate warning to users. When a device is set up as a reminder that misuse of AirTag, such as tracking someone else, to assets that do not belong to them, it is against Apple's intention to develop AirTag. However, in recent times, it has been reported that fraudsters and malicious persons have unknowingly installed AirTags in their coats or pockets. They also confirmed that they will develop a more accurate search system. In order to help find AirTag with foreign characteristics, as well as notifications on monitors with sound. Users should update their iOS operating system to the current version to ensure as complete features and functionality as possible.
Galaxy Unpacked Metaverse attendees complained of technical difficulties and had to return to the real world.|At Galaxy Unpacked 2022, Samsung held the event in the metaverse, but many attendees experienced technical difficulties. Finally, to get back into the real world, the launch of the Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+ and Galaxy S22 Ultra on February 9, Samsung held the launch event of Galaxy Unpacked 2022 in parallel, both live streaming on YouTube channels and samsung's official website as usual. The Samsung 837X platform was created by Decentraland, which designed samsung storefronts by simulating the look and feel of Samsung's flagship store in New York. To attend Galaxy Unpacked 2022 in a metaverse Attendees and media outlets Unable to attend the event With technical issues even during the galaxy unpacked 2022 live stream event, attendees on the metaverse have been busy. I can't get back into the job. Despite attempts to change the server. Cnbc said that after about 30 minutes of trying to attend the metaverse, he finally gave up and went back to the real-world livestream. Source: CNBCSPONSORED
Linksys launches new router Atlas Pro 6, responding to the trend of working from home and studying online|Linksys launches new Atlas Pro 6 router focused on working from home and learning online to make it safer, Said Donny Xu, Business Development Manager, Southeast Asia. Fortinet has partnered with Fortinet to provide the same security experience as developing router solutions for home and enterprise use, as many users still work from home, as well as online learning. Linksys has launched a new generation of routers. Known as the Linksys Atlas Pro 6 Dual-Band Mesh WiFi 6 System, a router that supports Dual-Band 6 technology, the AX5400 can cover approximately 2,700 square feet of floor per node. It uses WiFi 6 (802.11ax) technology to achieve a maximum speed of 5.4 Gbps, creating a mesh WiFi network. Linksys Atlas Pro 6 is available in two models, the Atlas Pro 6 (MX5502-Pack2) and the Atlas Pro 6 (MX5503-Pack3) for THB 11,760 and THB 16,580, respectively.
Wordle saves 80-year-old grandmother's life from being held for 17 hours by gangsters inside her home|Wordle is the most popular game at this time, no matter how old you are. This game can take over anyone's heart, and wordle games are even louder. When news broke that the game could save an 80-year-old grandmother from being attacked by a gangster, she said: Born in Chicago, Illinois, in the United States, 80-year-old Grandma Denice Holt has a routine: playing Wordle, the most popular game on social media. Before the routine of doing this, Holt finally escaped confinement in his own home. She told me that while she was resting inside the house, she wasn't alone. There was a naked man soaked in blood. Smashing the window into her house. He crawled over and grabbed the scissors and said he just wanted to survive. He will not hurt or intimidate you, the intruder. Issue an order for the victim to bathe with him. Before he changed his mind. After that, when the intruders finished bathing, they were ready to take a shower. The homeowner was confined to a basement bathroom for up to 17 hours on Meredith Holt-Caldwell. Denise Holt's daughter, who lives in Seattle, noted some anomalies because her mother didn't text wordle puzzles as she used to, didn't share the score, and read her message, prompting her to immediately report to police. Before SWAT successfully raided the aid of Grandma Denise Holt, it was later revealed that the intruder was named James Davis the Third with mental health issues, which police charged with three counts: trespassing on someone else's home and carrying a dangerous weapon, detaining and assaulting a police officer. Wordle is currently part of The New York Times, which bought the game for an undisclosed value. Source: CNETSPONSORED
Microsoft announced that employees will return to the office on Feb. 28.|Microsoft has issued a notice to employees returning to the office. Headquarters in Seattle, Washington, regained its headquarters at the end of February after having to abandon plans to return to the office several times. Microsoft has announced that employees will return to the office with a fixed date, with headquarters reopening on February 28. Microsoft does not specifically require employees to return to the full office by February 28, only that they will have 30 days to adjust their daily routines and agreements with managers of each department in addition to their headquarters in Washington. The same requirements have included headquarters in the Bay Area in California. Other U.S. offices, depending on the policies of each state, set the criteria for each time. For example, Meta is scheduled to reopen on March 28 and employees will need to be vaccinated, while Apple will require employees to submit proof of vaccination. Source: Microsoft, The VergeSPONSORED
Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro are available in Singapore.|Google's Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro smartphones have been expanded to Singapore. High-end smartphones are available in 12 countries despite being launched for a while for the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro. The release of this high-end smartphone from Google is still limited. Google announces that it has launched the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro in Singapore. Earlier in early February, Google had just expanded its sales of this smartphone in Italy and Spain.Pixel 6 available in Singapore, it will be available in two colors, Stormy Black and Sorta Seafoam, while the Pixel 6 Pro also comes in two colors, stormy black and cloudy white.
Paramount is set to make Baby Shark into a film, coming out in 2023.|Baby Shark, a viral clip that is famous all over the world. It's also a video that has been viewed 10 billion times on YouTube, is about to become a movie and is set to release next year. Before becoming the first video on the YouTube platform to have a combined total of more than 10 billion views. According to Paramount, the movie Baby Shark is scheduled to hit theaters in 2023 and is also Baby Shark's first full-length film. It is entirely possible that the film will surely have more catchy music for parents and children.
Market research firm believes Foldable smartphone is likely to be cheaper by an average of 30 thousand baht by 2024.|Canalys, a technology market research firm; Foldable smartphones are expected to be cheaper by an average of around US$1,000 and global shipments will continue to rise to around 30 million units worldwide by 2024. In 2024, it is estimated that the segment growth will reach 30 million units. This allows for work and entertainment content consumption. The interesting thing about Canalys' analysis is that the price of the Foldable smartphone is likely to continue to get cheaper than it used to cost up to US$2,000. IN 2019, THERE IS A CHANCE TO BE AS LITTLE AS 1,000 US DOLLARS (32,000 THB) BY 2024. This is because the supply chain is constantly evolving, with Samsung, which is comparable to the new smartphone segment. The most important thing that will make a foldable smartphone successful in the long run is the user experience, interface and software. The ecosystem surrounding the foldable mobile phone is not yet in a very user-friendly spot.
Wordle players question the game itself more difficult. Before receiving a revelation of the origin of the difficulty from the creators of the game.|Wordle, the social media hit game of the time, has been questioned by players as the game seems to be getting harder since it was bought by the New York Times for seven figures on February 1. This was the most viral game that became a worldwide trend, which caused the New York Times to buy the game as part of the company. The exact value of the trade was not disclosed, only that it was purchased for 7 digits. It noted that ever since the New York Times bought Wordle as its own. According to The Verge, based on an interview with Wordle creator Josh Vardle in an interview with the New York Times (a month before it was purchased), the game creator explained that Wordle was a game he created for his girlfriend with about 12,000 words. It is not related to the New York Times' acquisition of this game in any way. The first set of Wordle words, which contained about 2,500 words, made it possible for the game to be played for many years to come. There have been some changes to the game, but it hasn't directly affected gamers, it's just removing offensive words from the guessing list: The Verge, The New York TimesSPONSORED
Sony Thai announces the second new PlayStation 5 this year on 18 Feb 2022|Sony Thai's official fan page announces the opening of the second PlayStation 5 pre-order of 2022 tomorrow, February 18, 2022, starting at 11:00 a.m. on the official Sony Store website. There are 2 items available for this round of PS5: Source: Sony Thai
Taiwan considers new legislation Hoping to protect chipset technology from Chinese theft|Government of Taiwan Preparing to enact new laws to combat theft of chipset technology from China Amid growing concerns, it has had a major economic impact, as you know. Taiwan It is considered a country that is important in technology, especially chipsets, which are made from companies in Taiwan. Used in all high-tech devices From smartphones to past planes Government of Taiwan There are concerns about semiconductor technology that may be plagiarized by China. The acquisition of talented engineers and the infiltration of investments, etc. Therefore, the idea is to enact a new law to prevent the country's important goods from being in danger of theft. By proposing an economic espionage law, which is governed by the national security law. A 12-year prison sentence is imposed for those who spread technology secrets to China or foreign forces. Taiwan's leading semiconductor company, TSMC, has invented the production of 2-nanometer chipsets, which is considered to be the most advanced part of the company. When that happens, then the Taiwanese government. It wants to add additional protection from existing laws and maintain trade secrets.Source: ReutersSPONSORED
China aims to create national Metaverse Aim to drive this technology first and foremost.|Chinese Government Prepare to design a major infrastructure to support the upcoming Metaverse. Hoping to be a leader in this technology, the China Mobile Communications Association's metaverse committee announced the addition of 17 companies from various industries to the creation of the national metaverse. Because the metaverse is something that has not yet arrived, many parties estimate that it will be related to the Chinese government's national virtual reality and augmented reality technology. At this time, there are 112 companies and individuals co-creating the metaverse in accordance with government guidelines, with the common goal of pushing this technology, as well as standardizing, so that China can drive this before anyone else. Led by Huawei and China The committee was set up in October last year. The Chinese government has always set up new committees. When you see an interesting technology. previously It is possible that the Metaverse Committee was set up to look for ways to regulate this technology early during its development.
OPPO is set to launch its high-end Find X5 smartphone next week.|OPPO unveils its newest flagship smartphone I've seen some pictures of the machine. Under the name Find X5OPPO, a smartphone manufacturer from China. The first images of the flagship smartphone, scheduled for launch on February 24, ahead of the Mobile World Congress 2022 held in Barcelona. In Spain, this smartphone is marketably called OPPO Find X5. In terms of cameras, OPPO has worked with Swedish camera manufacturer Hasselblad to design it. It's also the flagship smartphone of the future. The composite materials use ceramic, which makes the body elegant and beautiful. It's another smartphone that Oppo Qualcomm's newest chipset will be used. Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 In more detail, it will have to wait for another revelation from Oppo during the February 24 launch section for the live channel of the Find X5 launch will be available on Oppo's official website as well as on OPPO's YouTube channel. Broadcast live at 6:00 p.m. LOCAL TIME Source: MashableSPONSORED
Apple shareholders protest Tim Cook's $3.2 billion compensation package|Apple's investor advisory group has called on shareholders to take action. Opposing tim cook's U.S. $99 million in compensation, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), an investor advisory firm, issued a letter to shareholders. A Forbes report revealed that Tim Cook, 61, has assets of approximately $2.3 billion, with Tim Cook receiving an annual salary of $3 million with $82.3 million in shares, a $12 million work bonus and $1.4 million in travel expenses. In addition to other contributions and compensation premiums for Tim Cook alone last year, it was $98.7 million, about 1,447 times more than the average salary of Apple employees in January 2022. All proceedings are subject to shareholder consideration.
Everyone doesn't love Facebook after Google overhauled its privacy policy on Android|Google, the developer of the Android operating system, is preparing to adjust its privacy policy in the same way as Apple on its iOS operating system. The new privacy restrictions, which cut off tracking of applications on Android operating systems, are the same approach Apple did last year, resulting in companies failing to meet their targets. One of them is Mark's company Meta. Zuckerberg, if you remember. According to meta's earnings release last year, Their revenue has plummeted, as has the company's value falling by more than $600 billion for the first time since 2020, and its users have fallen for the first time in 17 years. As a result, it will be more difficult to shoot ads in the Android operating system, making it no longer possible for companies that rely on advertising systems to track or receive consumer usage data. How to manage advertising and privacy issues Google will give all companies, including meta, about two years to adapt before adopting the new policy. When apple Facebook and Google have blamed and disagreed with the guidelines, but in the end, Google adopted the same approach as Apple Source: Google BlogSPONSORED
Xiaomi opens the Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G at 10,990 baht and the Redmi Note 11 Pro at 8,999 baht.|Xiaomi Thailand Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G and Redmi Note 11 Pro are available for 10,990 baht and 8,999 baht respectively. Redmi Note 11 Pro 5G and Redmi Note 11 Pro are smartphones that focus on photography, such as having a 108-megapixel camera. It has a large 5,000 mAh battery, fast charging, and AMOLED DotDisplay technology with clarity, as well as a 120Hz refresh rate, etc. The 8GB+128GB model is available for 10,990 THB and is available in 3 colors: Polar white, Graphite Gray and Atlantic Blue, while the 8GB+128GB Redmi Note 11 Pro is available for THB 8,999 and is available in 3 colors: Polar white, Graphite Gray and Star Blue.
Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro use Cheetah and Panther codenames with Tensor Gen 2 chipsets.|9to5Google revealed interesting information about the development of the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro, Google's flagship smartphones. During the development of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, Google changed the names of the canary (Oriole) and Raven. However, in the development of the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro, it seems that Google has switched to the name of a tiger or a cat-like creature instead of the subsequent discovery of the g5300b modem, which is thought to be a Samsung modem from the Exynos Modem 5300 that has not yet been released.
Kanye West releases Donda 2 album only on Stem Player platform|Kanye West, famous rapper Confirmed to release new album Donda 2 only on Stem Player channel Only one channel. As a result, users on other platforms such as Apple Spotify and YouTube will not be able to listen to the album through Ye member services, previously known as Kanye. That's Stem Player, so the much-anticipated Donda 2 album wonda 2 won't appear on the famous streaming channel. Kanye West has stated that the number of artists getting only 12 percent of the share from the service provider, so Kanye West has expressed his intention to free himself from the system that he considers oppressive by choosing to release the Donda 2 album on the Stem Player platform. Kano Computing was released last year for $200, with stem player speakers coming with the Donda album, as well as other functionalities such as adding loops, effects, splitting vocals, and music. It has 8GB of memory, USB-C cable connectivity, Bluetooth wireless access, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. But after just two months, the album will be released on other streaming, including Apple Music and Spotify.
Chinese banking regulator warns of funding via Metaverse|China Another country that is interested in the metaverse world by financial regulators. Issued a warning of potential fraud on the metaverse, banking and insurance regulators. Publish a statement alerting investors about companies that will be raising capital in the metaverse. In China, there are many companies. It is launching funding for metaverse projects, many of which are newly opened companies. It is not known that there is a possibility that fraud may have occurred. Especially investors who are excited about the arrival of the metaverse at this time, the term metaverse is still not very clearly defined. The metaverse will also be integrated into the blockchain world as well as the hot nft technology. (Tencent), NetEase, ByteDance and Alibaba (Alibaba)Current The Chinese government has established the Metaverse Committee of the Chinese Government Communications Association. Source: Crypto BriefingSPONSORED
Donald Trump's Truth Social is set to be available on the App Store.|Truth Social, a social media application owned by former President Donald Trump, is set to officially launch on the App Store on February 21 21 U.S. time. It's a day to commemorate all U.S. presidents, so former President Trump chose it as his debut. The Truth Social app is limited to U.S. app store users and is not scheduled to be released on Android, saying only that coming soon or soon is similar to the Truth Social app, which used to be Donald Trump's favorite app and has always been used as a communication channel. MANY TIMES, DONALD TRUMP VIOLATED THE COMMUNITY USAGE REQUIREMENTS, BUT BECAUSE OF ITS SPECIAL ACCOUNT, IT WAS WAIVED FROM SPONSORED TWITTER, ONLY AFTER THE RIOTS IN THE CAPITOL IN EARLY 2021, DONALD TRUMP WAS BANNED FROM ALL SOCIAL MEDIA BECAUSE TRUMP WAS INVOLVED IN INCITEMENT TO VIOLENCE. Conservative politicians and supporters believe their voices are censored by tech companies, so they want to create a new platform where their voices will not be censored. On the official website of Truth Social on Google Chrome, it was found that the website defaulted to HTTP instead of HTTPS, however, users can type https in other parts of the website.
Galaxy S22 Ultra users experience screen malfunctions|The recently launched Galaxy S22 Ultra has already been acquired by many users. However, some users have found that there is a malfunction on the screen. The flagship smartphone from the Galaxy S22 series. The user who pre-ordered the machine has already started receiving the product. A user on the famous Reddit webboard posted a post about the problem on the Galaxy S22 Ultra, and the problem is that pixel lines appear on the screen, especially when using game and video content. If it's a hardware problem However, the demand for the Galaxy S22 Ultra is quite high, coupled with a shortage of supply chains.
Ukrainian Cyber Agency Issue warning notices to all government agencies at risk of hacker attacks.|Ukraine Cyber Agency Alert government-related cyber agencies Computer Emergency Response Team of Ukraine (CERT-UA) Computer Emergency Agency of Ukraine In a statement, ukraine's government, security agencies and banking agencies are preparing for a major attack on the computer systems of Ukrainian cyber hackers. They went on to say they had found a message stating that they would use the server to carry out attacks on key Ukrainian authorities. The U.S. cybersecurity agency has revealed that Russia is behind a series of internet attacks in Ukraine over the past week. On the Ukrainian side It issued a report supporting the U.S. idea, saying Russia was likely behind Ukraine's internet attack to destroy the Defense Department's web portal. and hopes to disrupt Ukraine's financial system. The Russian government in Moscow denies having anything to do with attacks on Ukrainian entities Source: axios, CERT-UASPONSORED
Sony unveils PlayStation VR2 body for the first time|Sony unveiled the PlayStation VR2 for the first time, with the design finally inspired by the PlayStation 5. Sony announced via its official web blog. Telling the story behind the design of the PlayStation VR2, which will be an accessory that will work with the PlayStation 5, Sony explains that the PlayStation VR2 body design takes the PlayStation 5's design as a starting point, focusing on black and white, and has a small gimmick like the PlayStation icon on the front and back of the VR headset in real-world use. The new PlayStation VR2 vents support vibration, eye sensors, 4K HDR resolution, 110-degree wide viewing angles, and frame rates of 90 and 120Hz. Sony has also shared its goal of developing the PlayStation VR2, insisting that it wants to create a positive experience to enter the gaming world, to the point that it is almost forgotten that it is wearing a VR headset and holding the controller in hand for price and release on Sony's official blog is not mentioned, which has to wait for another official announcement for competitors in the VR or virtual reality market of PlayStation VR2.
Ukraine's banking and government websites have been hit by cyberattacks.|The websites of Ukrainian government agencies and banks have been attacked with DDoS, but there is no confirmation as to which side mikailo was attacked. Fedorov Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine It was revealed via Telegram that the website of the Ukrainian government agency Crashed and unusable As a result of distributed denial of service or DDoS attacks, such attacks are not just on government websites. But there are also cyberattacks on the bank's website. Some Ukrainian banking networks are not available online around 4 p.m. Ukrainian local time. It's not. The value of the damage from the attack has not been disclosed to those affected in the past. Ukrainian Cyber Agency He said there was a chance that the government website. Security agencies and banks have been subjected to cyberattacks by hackers, and that has happened. U.S. cyber security agencies have also revealed that Russia was behind a series of internet attacks in Ukraine afterwards. Ukraine has issued a report supporting the U.S. idea, saying Russia is likely behind Ukraine's internet attacks to destroy the Defense Department's web portal. Russia has denied that it had anything to do with the attacks on Ukrainian entities until now, but it has not been confirmed which hackers the DDoS attack was carried out, but the situation comes amid a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, a White House spokesman told NBC news agency. We are closely monitoring the situation.
The situation between Russia and Ukraine As a result, the chipset shortage is exacerbated.|The conflict between Russia and Ukraine is likely to re-emerge the supply chain of chipset production. Market research firm TrendForce has issued an analysis of the conflict situation of Russia and Ukraine. This not only affects international politics, but also has a huge impact on the economy. Especially the production process of technological chipsets, the reason for this is because both Russia and Ukraine. They are exporters of the main raw material used in the chipset production process, neon, which, as both countries launch attacks, will affect the supply of raw materials for feeding into chipset factories next, according to TrendForce. Ukraine supplies nearly 70 percent of the world's purity neon gas to be used to carve circuit boards into silicon wafers. For semiconductor production, even neon gas delivery problems have the potential to stumble down. But chipset production in the short term may not be affected. However, fewer shipments of neon gas than usual have led to higher silicon wafer production prices in recent times. Advanced chipset manufacturing in the United States There is no less reliance on raw materials imported from Russia and Ukraine. If the U.S. government moves to impose additional sanctions on Russia, it will have to do so. The state of Basmoscow could also suspend exports of key raw materials to disrupt U.S. chipset production, said Samsung, a leading South Korean technology company. It has not had an immediate impact, and production continues to operate normally. Samsung There are many ways to get raw materials from different sources, so it is considered good luck. However, Samsung will keep a close eye on this even if it receives raw materials from various channels, but the inevitable thing is that the price of raw materials may rise due to the tension situation.
Apple adds new features to iOS 15.4 AirTag Stalking Alert|Apple added a feature to its beta version of iOS 15.4, a feature designed to prevent AirTag from being used to stalk the 9to5Mac website, revealing that in the beta version of iOS 15.4, which is considered one of the most anticipated operating systems because it comes with a face scan feature even when wearing a mask. Measures need to be taken to mitigate the misuse of apple devices. Indicates that when AirTag is installed, a notification of the privacy policy will be displayed. This is especially true when tracking others without their consent, which is considered a crime. At the same time, Apple is trying to increase the security of AirTag by adding a more accurate AirTag search feature to use as a foreign AirTag search engine, along with text notifications on smartphones and audio for iOS 15.4.
Launched T-Verse, a platform that connects the business world, education and government. In metaverse format|Brandverse held a press conference to launch T-Verse Boarding to Future, a metaverse ecosystem of Thai Brandverse, in collaboration with partners in both the public and private sectors. T-Verse Boarding to Future is launched here, with the main objective of creating cooperation in the development of the metaverse, so that Thailand can be a new platform to drive the country's competitiveness with new technologies and grow various industries. It is also to provide knowledge for new career development. The T-Verse Boarding to Future event will take place on February 28 from 1:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. at Thammasat University's 100th Anniversary Learning Park, Rangsit Campus, and can be viewed via Facebook Live on the T-Verse fan page. Click here to join.
Facebook launches Lock Profile tool for security for Ukrainian users|Facebook has activated a Lock Profile tool for Facebook users in Ukraine, as well as set up a special operations center to closely monitor the country's situation. Facebook has introduced the protection of Facebook accounts, especially those in Ukraine, which Facebook calls Lock ProfileProfileProfile, a one-click tool that can allow users' Facebook information to enter a privacy state. When Lock Profile is used, who sees the information, pictures, and photos? The use of the Lock Profile tool was not just started during the russia-ukraine conflict, but it was during the U.S. decision to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan. A special operations center has been set up in real time with experts and teams who have knowledge and understanding of the local language. For the sake of any decisions and actions as soon as possibleSPONSORED Source: Engadget
EA CEO points to FIFA brand in a year without World Cup as just 4 letters on the game box|At an internal meeting of EA, CEO Andrew Wilson of the company. Clarification on EA Sports' FIFA approach before commenting that in a year without a World Cup The FIFA name is just four letters on the game box. It also hampered other aspects of the game's development, with an internal meeting of gaming giant EA in October. Speaking at the meeting about the reason for the decision to discontinue the license to use the FIFA game name, Wilson said that in his view, the FIFA brand has many restrictions, especially in the year when the World Cup is not held. What EA has returned is just four letters on the game box, Wilson. It said that even without the FIFA name, EA will still own more than 300 patents, including player names, clubs and leagues, so it doesn't affect the way games are created. If the FIFA game name continues Although Wilson did not go into detail about what that ecosystem was, it could be an NFT matter when the Videogames Chronicle asked for further comment, but EA declined to provide any further information, according to a previous New York Times report. Fifa and EA's agreement to name the FIFA game is valid for 10 years, with the contract ending after the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. At the end of the year, there is also news that FIFA wants the value of a new contract to increase, which EA is not ready to pay such a large sum, which is another reason why EA may not buy the rights to the FIFA name.
Launch of OPPO's newest flagship Find X5 and Find X5 Pro|OPPO, a smartphone manufacturer from China The OPPO Find X5 and OPPO Find X5 Pro are a series of smartphones with three models: Find X5 Lite, Find X5 and Find X5 Pro. The Find X5 uses the latest Qualcomm SM8350 Snapdragon 888 5G chipset, as well as a slightly different screen size, the Find X5 is 6.55 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels, but on the Find X5 Pro side, the screen is larger at 6.7 inches and the resolution is 1440 x 3216 pixels. The waterproof-dustproof body according to IP68SPONSORED standard for the details of the display between Find X5 and Find X5 Pro is no different, with LTPO2 AMOLED display supporting 1 billion colors. 120Hz refresh rate, maximum brightness of 1300 nits and factory Android 12 operating system, covered with ColorOS 12.1OPPO Find X5 and OPPO Find X5 Pro interfaces, will go on sale on March 14. This will have to wait for clarity from Oppo. Thailand once again
Mobile World Congress organizers banned some Russian companies from hosting this year's event.|GSMA, the organizer of Mobile World Congress 2022 or MWC 2022, announced that some Russian companies, including some executives, will not be attending this year's event. John Hoffman, chief executive of GSMA, the organizer of MWC 2022, told Reuters that this year's event will be held in a state of chaos. There are no plans to cancel or postpone the event, but Hoffman said that as part of the booth at MWC 2022, some Russian companies and some executives will not have the opportunity to attend the event. However, so far, the names of companies or individuals who will not participate in this year's event have not been revealed, the decision to ban companies from Russia is the result of international sanctions against Russia for invading Ukraine. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the Mobile World Congress 2022 took place from February 28 to March 3 in Barcelona, Spain.
Google enhances account security with monitoring team assessing the situation in Ukraine|Google announces increased account security measures due to war between Russia and Ukraine The European Google (@googleeurope) Twitter account tweeted: Google is closely monitoring the war situation in Ukraine. Google has prioritized the security of its employees, users and customers and is prepared to automatically enhance the security of its accounts. For users in regions close to the war zone between Russia and Ukraine. This includes looking at cyberattacks that may have evolved to be more complex. The 2-Step Verification measure allows users to activate themselves, which increases the difficulty of hacking a user's account, which may be the target of hacking. Reports of account hacking halved In the past few days, Google has removed hundreds of false videos from its system and thousands of videos, all of which violate the usage policy.SOURCESOURCESOURCESOURCESOURCESOURCEf.Source: 9to5google
Nvidia begins investigation after cyber attack No relevance to the Russia-Ukraine conflict was found.|- Nvidia, a U.S.-based chipset manufacturer Assessing the situation after a cyber attack According to the latest data, this attack No conflict links from Russia and Ukraine were found in Invidia. Confirm with foreign media about cyber attacks By this time. An internal investigation is underway after the Telegraph was the first media outlet to report on Invidia's statement. It said they were investigating the attack. Business and trade continue to operate normally. As for the damage assessment so far, no further information has been released as Invidia has been attacked in a similar period to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. But so far, it is believed that Invidia's cyberattacks have nothing to do with the most likely bi-national conflict. It was supposed to be a ransomware attack, but it didn't have much effect on the company. That's because the attacked part of the email system and developer tools for Invidia is an important chipset manufacturer in the computer industry, gaming industry, as well as being the central chipset of artificial intelligence and robotics.
How to recover deleted IG (Instagram) photos 5 simple steps|How to recover a deleted photo on IG (Instagram) is very easy For anyone who accidentally deletes a photo on IG or a photo that has already been posted, but accidentally deletes it and then changes their mind to recover it and share it as before, can do the following.5 If anyone sets up a two-step security system, add a verification process, send a code before deleting it, or recover another step. If someone deletes an IG photo intentionally or inadvertently, it can be easily recovered.sponsored reiterates that it must be taken within 30 days after the image has been deleted, because after that time, IG will automatically delete the image from our account.
Microsoft removes RT news agency app-downgrades search rankings in Bing|Microsoft imposes sanctions on Russia With the removal of the application of the Russian news agency. Today, along with the advertising system, to the reduction of the search ranking in Bing. Microsoft issued a statement on sanctions against Russia. With the removal of media applications under the Kremlin government's supervision, Russia. Russia Today leaves Windows platform Windows Appstore. Advertising by Russian government-backed media will also be suspended as part of a retaliation against Moscow's invasion of Ukraine. Microsoft also said that in the rankings section on the Bing website, which is Microsoft's search engine. By Sputnik and Russia Today will be downgraded to an interesting search ranking. In a Microsoft statement, They said hours before the tank's movement and missile launch on February 24. Microsoft's Threat Intelligence Center has discovered a cyberattack targeting Ukraine's digital infrastructure. Microsoft called the malware FoxBlade, which, after discovery, alerted Ukraine to provide advice on how to prevent such attacks immediately in other areas. Microsoft has mobilized the necessary resources to help the Ukrainian people. Whether it's technology or other skills needed, microsoft employees in Ukraine are also in the process. Microsoft has also called for peace and respect for Ukraine's sovereignty as well as the safety of its citizens.
Facebook blogs RT news agencies and Sputnik pages in Europe.|Facebook has blocked russian state-run media such as RT and Sputnik pages, and the page cannot be seen in Meta. Russia Today, a Kremlin-controlled media outlet, and the Sputnik Nick page. Clegg, President of Global Affairs at Meta @nickclegg revealed on its personal Twitter account that meta had received a request from eu governments to take further action on Russian government-controlled media. As a result, Meta restricted access to the pages of Russian Today and Sputnik news outlets throughout Europe. It comes amid a situation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. In the last 1-2 days, meta blocked Sputnik and Russia's accounts. Today Meta recently blocked ads related to the Russian government from its platform and fake news about the invasion of Ukraine, while Russia has responded by partially blocking Facebook, including Twitter. From which Russia wants meta. Stop fact-checking and labeling content posted by the media under russian government action. But Meta denied the request. The meta movement coincided with calls by the governments of Lithuania, Poland and the Baltic nations for Twitter, Facebook, Google and YouTube to suspend the accounts of Russian and Belarusian politicians, as well as all government and media of those countries.SPONSORED Source: The Verge, The Guardian
Flask-San Open your mind for the first time. After the watermelon fell off the boat, he didn't touch his phone (clip).|"Flask-San" opened up for the first time after giving a police statement in the case of "Watermelon-Nida" falling off the boat, clearing all the issues that people suspected. The actress, who did not call her mother because she was not close and thought that she could help at that time from the case of Melon Nida or Pattarathida Patcharaveerapong, 37 years old. While on a speedboat trip with a group of 6 men and women, the incident occurred at around 10.30 pm on the night of February 24, 2022, in the middle of the river between Phibun Songkhram Pier 1 and Rama VII Bridge, Suan Yai. Mueang Nonthaburi Rescuers mobilized a team of divers to search day and night. Finally, miracles don't exist for more than 38 hours at 1:10 p.m. yesterday (Feb. 26). The body of the actress was found floating near the pontoon, which the rescue team used as a command post, according to a news release dated February 27, 2022. Ijsarin Juthasuksawat, Director of Watermelon and San Wisapat Manomayrat A friend who was on the speedboat met with the investigators, after which both Flask and Zan came out for an interview. A reporter by Flask revealed the timeline of what happened, saying that the first was Mr. Po, who owned the boat, who was a long-time friend of ours. Let's meet, let's go. We wanted to meet an old friend, which we went to mobilize friends such as Mo Khae Noi Rong Flask, which was not stuck at work, so we went to invite San Tan because we were afraid of the little people and did not have fun, while Noi Rong himself was also addicted to work, so he told us to go first. We arrived at Lett around 4.45pm and we met 2 other Po friends, who informed us first that he would take his friend with us, which we were ok with, because otherwise he would be the only man in the boat after the cruise to the restaurant. After eating Before returning, everyone went to the toilet, because we didn't see the toilet on the boat, and the distance was not short, but Mo didn't go. Even though we invited because he wasn't in pain, he played with his phone, got out of the restaurant around 2pm, got on the boat, stopped to take photos on the way, and the incident happened at about 4pm, which took a long time. He said that when the watermelon urinated on the stern of the boat, the flask was not seen because we had stopped taking pictures. We were tired, the boat left rama 8 bridge, we were about to enter the shipyard, my friend said that I had a pain to pee. Why didn't I go, and the watermelon said that I wasn't in pain at the time, but I didn't have any pee in my stomach. Why don't we go, the watermelon is still poked, and then he goes back without showing signs that he can't stand it, we don't care, at that time we are only interested in the view, because we wasted a lot of time taking pictures, because the weather is good, the sky is clear, hear the voice again, Xan shouted, which Xan is behind. We were in the front, and Mo walked behind. At the time, we didn't know what was going on. We heard Xan yelling watermelons on the boat, then heard Mr. Job yelling watermelons for the boat, before Mr. Poe broke the steering wheel and turned around. This is the angle that Flask saw when asked Zan: Did you see when the watermelon fell? Zan revealed that the manner in which the watermelon falls is flipping sideways. At that time, he used two hands to hold on his leg, where he was lying on his phone. When asked, Zane I said, we drank a little bit, and the watermelon didn't know if it was drunk. When the incident happened, he walked over and sat down. We haven't said anything yet. When asked if he was wearing a bodysuit that day, Zan asked if he had never urinated in a hurry in a bodysuit, if he ever knew, because if he explained it now, it would be disrespectful, which he did not notice what kind of bodysuit it was. He revealed that from experience in a hurry, it was unconventional, which he had done before, and it was the most convenient, but we don't know if he did that, which he was on the boat, it was clear, no one would take it off completely. Did he tell his friend, and whether the boat was sailing at speed? He didn't tell, everyone looked ahead. You know, it's falling, you know, from Xan. He walked in, sat down, it was very fast, which we believed in, but we didn't see it when our friend fell. At first, he was still wondering if Sanwa was playing anything. When asked who was the driver of the boat, the flask said that he would alternate, which he didn't care about, but we heard Robert standing at the steering wheel, and Poe turned the steering wheel back to search, but he would already be there teaching, which Mr. Poe was friends with, including watermelon. As for the other 2 male friends, we just knew that day because Poe had already said that he would invite his friends with him. We were afraid he was lonely, so we got to know each other on the boat that day. But we talked to Po and Brother Robert about more business with Job Least Flask also confirmed that Po owned the boat and then Po invited us to the boat, so we invited a friend that we are close to, which Tig Melon Noi Rong would already make an appointment, but when Po came in, we chose to go with Po because it was quite safe and personal. Apologies to everyone who didn't speak out. We're focusing on a friend (crying). We are still confused about what to feel, Flask wants to cry for Mo, but Flask himself has to sit down to answer media questions, want to ask for sympathy. Others have lost friends, still sit and cry, think about their friends, but we have to sit back and check where we were at the time. We also wanted to ask for sympathy, we couldn't answer much because we didn't see when he fell, the flask blamed himself, who didn't take good care of his friend, but we wanted to have our own time. That's it. There's nothing more to it than that. He also said that Watermelon knew Robert and Job would be on the trip because he was the one who told it, which he didn't care about when asked if society was asking questions about accepting the job. We don't understand how it came about. We told the police and confirmed that there was no point in fighting to push him into the water because we loved him so much. He adopted our child and had to understand that if he died, the flask would also disappear. He's always helped us, and we're like smashing our own pots of rice. The part where the flask doesn't call mom is that we're not that close to mom, we're closer to dad, but we understand that mom is angry, and mom isn't that big of a deal to help us there. When asked who wrote the name of the watermelon to the police that day, San said that he was the one who wrote it, but did not write watermelon nida because we did not follow up on him changing his name, he knew what he wrote, and he wrote it like that. We then informed anyone who could help us 191 and called a friend on land to help. There is the best proof of call at that time. The rescue part said there was no information, this is puzzled why the rescue said no information because there is evidence that he called us 3 times and we told them all and it took a very long time to arrive. He explained that at that time the boat was not driving fast, we were lying on our mobile phones, which we focused on the phone, we only knew that Mo was getting up and losing the main, and then we screamed and shouted to the watermelon to fall in the water. After finding out, we asked what was going on, we didn't ask a lot because it was a waste of time, we went to work on finding more, which we didn't know there was a toilet in the boat. Even though we had to go to the bathroom at the restaurant, we didn't wear life jackets because we were wearing robes, when taking photos, we still had to take them off, so we didn't wear them because we wanted to take beautiful photos when we asked if we knew the login code. Flask insists that he doesn't know, because he's not good at these things, and watermelons are quite jealous of anyone. Every time we take a picture, we hand it to him to press or he tells us, we only know at that time, believe it or not, let the law confirm our friend's things. Not only lost as for phone inquiries. After the incident, Zane said it was in the bag. Confirm that the truth will appear. We don't touch or touch it because it belongs to our friends. I gave it back to the housekeeper and it was over while the police officer added that the phone matter. It can be proven by science when asked if the rescuers have confirmed that they have arrived. Flask clarified that it is a waste of time to provide information because the equipment he does not have, and then we point out, in our opinion, that we do not need to know who he is. We don't see his tools. We had a boat, we went out to find each other, shouting loudly in case mom claimed that a friend tried to call mom and tell her to turn off the news. This needs to be pointed out by my mother. Zane, meanwhile, insists he doesn't know.
Twitter adds a notice label to share news links from Russian news outlets.|Twitter's latest moves In the situation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Twitter has added a label to warn users of the sharing of links to Russian news outlets Twitter has stepped up efforts to combat the spread of fake news and information that may mislead the public. In particular, if Russia invades Ukraine's sovereignty, Joel Roth from Twitter revealed via his @yoyoel account that twitter's approach To start labeling links from Russian news sites This includes Russian news agencies. Russia Today and TASS, Russia's national news agency, Roth. Explain that in the case of Twitter users Tweet links from news outlets with ties to the Russian government. Twitter will insert a notification box with an orange exclamation point and a message that reads "Stay Informed: This Tweet links to a Russia state-affiliated media website." This is similar to the case of Facebook, where pages are labeled as satirical parody pages or government-controlled media pages.
Toyota prepares to reopen production facilities After a cyber attack|Toyota Motor Corp plans to reopen 14 car manufacturing plants tomorrow. After an earlier cyber attack Toyota's supply chain company, Kojima Industries Corp., was attacked by a computer virus on its server. As a result, Toyota's production process has been temporarily halted, which is currently under investigation by Kojima. Industry Corp. is a company that supplies air conditioning components. But the physical production mechanism was not affected by the cyberattack, Toyota spokesman Shiori Hashimoto said. Although all server-side issues have not been resolved, fumio Kishida Japan's prime minister said the japanese government would also investigate the attack. Japan is another country that has joined Russia's financial sanctions with western nations. Japan supports blocking some Russian banks from accessing the international financial system through SWIFT from the attack. As a result, Toyota plans to stop all 28 production lines every Tuesday to check system readiness.Source: JapanToday, The VergeSPONSORED
TSMC, Intel and AMD suspend shipments of chipsets to Russia U.S. sanctions|Leading chipset manufacturers include Intel, AMD and TSMC. Announced the suspension of shipments of chipsets to Russia. According to U.S. sanctions guidelines, a Washington Post news agency reported. TSMC has suspended shipments of chipsets to Russia, as well as third-party companies involved in the supply of parts. It is involved in supplying chipsets to Apple in the production of Apple M1 chips, as well as chipsets for the production of iPhone 13. TSMC used to manufacture the Elbrus chipset, which is used in the military and security of Russia. Of course, this severing of ties will have an impact on the Russian military in the future, not least in addition to TSMC. Leading companies such as AMD and Intel have both ended their trade with Russia. It follows in the footsteps of U.S. sanctions. From the invasion of Ukraine's borders by Russia, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association. Russia is not a major semiconductor buying country, he said. If it accounts for less than 0.1 percent of global chip orders.Source: Apple InsiderSPONSORED
Elon Musk's Starlink satellite internet is now available in the Ukraine area.|SpaceX Satellite Internet Elon Musk's company has already been able to provide internet services in the Ukrainian area. After Ukraine's internet network was attacked for failing services, SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk revealed that a satellite internet service called Starlink Starlink is now available in Ukraine. Ukraine later experienced power outages and internet access in the country. From being invaded by Russia, SpaceX's internet support It started with Mikailo. Fedorov, deputy prime minister and minister of digital transformation, tweeted: Elon Musk said: "As you try to colonize Mars, Russia has tried to take over Ukraine while your rocket has successfully entered space. Russian rockets hit innocent Ukrainian nationals We urge you to support with Starlink Station. Then, on March 1, Mikhail Fedorov tweeted another picture of the arrival of Starlink Internet, along with a tweet thanking Elon Musk and Elon Musk for replying that it was a great pleasure for Starlink to provide internet services in remote areas so that the world's population could access the internet. There are still problems with speed and connectivity issues with starlink. More than 2,000 satellites have been launched by SpaceX. It targets thousands more satellites. TO COVER WORLDWIDE SPONSORED SOURCE: CNN
Apple increases pressure on Russia Stop selling products-Remove media apps from the store|Apple is the latest tech giant to impose sanctions on Russia. With the announcement of the cessation of sales, as well as the removal of Russian media apps from the Apple store, it responded to Ukraine's request. He has previously called on Apple to stop selling any products in Russia. At this time, Apple has already complied with the demands and is considered one of the tech giants whose sanctions have put pressure on the Russian government. Apple said in a statement that it was concerned about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. And it will stand with all those affected by this violence, in addition to ending the sale of Apple products in Russia. Apple has also taken measures against the invasion of Ukraine's sovereignty by Russia. With the removal of Russian applications. Today and Sputnik News left the app store earlier. Fedorov, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine Write a letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook, whose message is important. In 2022, modern technology could be the answer to stopping the use of tanks, rocket launchers and missiles, while calling on Apple to immediately shut down access to the app store, according to TechCrunch news agency. Russia Today and Sputnik News have seen a 241 percent and 163 percent increase in iOS downloads in the past seven days, respectively, before both apps were removed from the Store Russia Today. It has had a total of 5.7 million downloads since its debut in 2013, while Sputnik News has had 2 million downloads. It was first released in 2015.
YouTube blocks access to RT and Sputnik News channels.|YouTube, another important social media platform It decided to block access to the channels of Russian news outlets. Google Europe Twitter account @googleeurope revealed that due to the war situation in which Russia invaded Ukraine, Google has been able to invade Ukraine. Decided to block the official channel of the Russian news agency. Russia Today and Sputnik News across Europe in retaliation and sanctions against the Kremlin's actions. It also confirmed that they will closely monitor the situation between Russia and Ukraine. In order to take all measures in a timely manner, the implementation of media blocks from Russia is something that Western social media platform providers are continuing to do. Since March 1, Meta has blocked the visibility of Sputnik News and Russia. Today, at a request from the European Union on Twitter. Twitter has added a notice label to share news links from Russian news outlets. He told Twitter users to exercise good judgment before sharing the link on the platform, including further reducing the feeds of Russian news accounts by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. This has led to an online information war. Many European countries, particularly Lithuania, Poland and Baltic nations, have issued an open letter urging social media providers such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and YouTube to take any action to stop the spread of false information. On the Russian side It has also come out in response to Western social media providers. By restricting access to Twitter and Facebook in Russian territory. by the Russian Communications Regulatory Authority. Facebook violates the rights and freedoms of Russian citizensSPONSORED Source: The Verge
Nvidia issued a statement acknowledging data theft by hackers. After ransomware attack|Chipset maker Invidia has confirmed that they were attacked by hackers and stole sensitive information, including employee information and trade secrets. Invidia, a leading U.S. chipset manufacturer, has admitted to being attacked by hackers with ransomware software that removed employee data and its trade secrets. Behind it is a group of hackers named Lapsus$, who they claim have stolen 1TB of data from Invidia. Important company information, including source code, is actually Invidia's property. The Lapsus$ group is considered to have little role in the hacker industry. But they have attacked Brazil's Ministry of Health. In December last year, while stealing information related to citizen vaccinations, a file containing 50TB, they attempted to attack portuguese media companies Impresa and telecommunications companies Claro and Embratel, which have a service scope in South America. Many have questioned whether the issue is related to the Ukraine and Russian situation. Invidia confirmed that the attack had no relevance and found no evidence linking the situation.
TikTok recently banned Russian government media access|TikTok, a short video provider, is another social media provider that restricts access to Russian media accounts. Leading social media companies Take the same stance as Meta, the owner of the Facebook platform, in restricting access to media accounts that are under the control of the Russian government. TikTok's coverage of the EU includes well-known news outlets like Russia. A spokesman for TikTok said on Monday that the company had been in contact with the European Union to restrict access to any entities close to the Russian government other than TikTok. Russia specializes in releasing information to the Internet and online. In this invasion of Ukraine, supporting content was produced and made outsiders believe that the invasion of Ukraine was justified. Other industries from the West have also begun to take a more active stance. Apple has announced it will stop selling and removing media apps from its stores, as well as YouTube, which has blocked Russian news outlets. Similar to TikTok, Twitter has added a warning label for sharing news links from Russian news outlets. The world's leading chipset manufacturers, including TSMC, Intel and AMD, have suspended shipments to Russia. U.S. sanctions have been successfully implemented.
Apple launched a new product on March 8 under the concept of "Peek Performance."|Apple is set to unveil a new product on March 8 amid earlier rumors that it would be the launch of the new iPad Air and the 2022 iPhone SE upgrade. It is expected to be the iPhone SE 2022 with improved specs. Support for 5G wireless connectivity, use of the new A15 chip, and developments in the imaging section in addition to the iPhone SE 2022, another highlight of the event will be the launch of iPad Air 2022, which will support 5G wireless connectivity. From wearing masks, to enhancing AirTag security, etc., live broadcasts of Apple's new product launches. IT TAKES PLACE ON MARCH 8 AT 10 A.M. PACIFIC TIME, COINCIDING WITH THAILAND TIME AT A.M. ON THE MORNING OF MARCH 9 ON APPLE'S OFFICIAL YOUTUBE CHANNEL.
How to change the date, time, and location for iPhone on iOS 15|The latest version of the iPhone iOS 15 operating system has several interesting changes, one of which is to edit the EXIF data, which includes details of the images on the iPhone, including the date, time, and location. The editing is easily done, of course, the EXIF data correction is as follows1. Open the Photos or Photos application2. Select the picture you want to edit the date, time, or location.3. Once the desired picture is selected, press on the "i"SPONSORED4" icon. Then press "Adjust" or Adjust, select the time you want to edit until the desired date, and then press Adjust to confirm the change settings.5. If you want to add a picture location or edit the image location, tap Add Location or Add a location.
TikTok faces an investigation by government agencies on whether it has a negative impact on adolescents' mental health.|TikTok, the world's most popular short video provider It is currently being investigated in the U.S. for potential impacts on adolescent mental health. To protect children onlineTikTok Famous applications An investigation is underway by attorney generals from several U.S. states to find out whether a short-form video provider designed, operated, or promoted anything negative or psychologically negative in adolescents. There's a backdrop to President Joe Biden's push to protect children from online channels. In September last year, Frances Haugen, a former Facebook employee, released an internal document that suggested that social media affects the mental state of teenagers, sparking legislation to tighten the word. TikTok is pleased to provide information and privacy policies about adolescents to government officials in this investigation. Several state attorney general's offices participated in the investigation, including California, Florida, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, Vermont and Tennessee.
EA Sports removed the Russia and Belarusian national teams from FIFA 22 and NHL 22.|EA Sports has issued a statement on the Ukraine situation, with the developers removing the Russian national team from FIFA 22, as well as the Belarusian national team in the NHL 22.EA Sports announced solidarity with the Ukrainian people and called for peace and asked Russia to stop its aggression. EA Sport has already informed the FIFA 22 community of this action and thanked gamers for their patience in waiting for EA's game updates. The sport of removing Russia from FIFA 22 is a removal of both the Russian national team. to Russia's domestic leagues. Another game developed by EA Sport, NHL 22, a North American hockey league, has been similar to FIFA 22 with the removal of national teams and clubs from Russia and Belarus. Leaving the game, such movements of the NHL 22 game coincided with the decision of the International Ice Hockey Federation to ban Russia and Belarus. From indefinite international competition in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine Source: EA, The Athletic [1], [2]SPONSORED
OPPO launches OPPO Reno7 Z 5G, a portrait-focused mobile phone, for 12,990 baht|OPPO announces the release of the OPPO Reno7 5G, a mobile phone that focuses primarily on portrait photography. Meet the needs of socialites with optional features to help you take photos. Available for 12,990 THBOPPO Reno7 5G Oppo Reno7 5G comes with three rear cameras with up to 64 megapixels. There are also Dual Orbit Lights, which are designed on the main camera to flash or shine in different colors depending on the situation, such as when powering on, charging, answering incoming calls. Oppo Reno7 Z 5G uses Snapdragon 695 5G mobile platform chipset to connect 5G and has a large battery of 4,500 mAhOPPO Reno7 Z 5G available for 12,990 baht.
Twitch raises streamer ban If false information is found to have been repeatedly shared.|Twitch, Amazon's leading gaming streaming platform, has stepped up its monitoring of the streamer's data sharing. If someone is sharing false information frequently. There is a chance of being banned for tweeting. Famous game streaming platform Increase the level of data sharing by each streamer to be more intense. If there is any streamer. False information is often shared, it may be banned from the platform in addition to this. The tweet's terms also include sharing false or misinformation. Of course, many streamers are more likely to be affected by the new policy of Twitter. In particular, channels that deliberately share false and harmful information in the content section of the tweet pay special attention. Contains false information about COVID-19 vaccines, Electoral fraud, nursing conspiracy theories, and the promotion of violence have also been used, including channels sponsored by the Russian government. In recent times, many social media providers have been involved. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Spotify have policies in place to deal with media that are close to the Kremlin in collaboration with researchers and subject matter experts to understand how misinformation and harmful information is spreading online and effectively reduce the risk in Justin.tv the twitter user community. TwitchSPONSORED has at least 31 million daily active users and more than 8 million monthly content.
Sony and Honda team up to develop electric vehicles, expected to be released in 2025|Sony is a Japanese company. Launched a partnership with Honda, another automotive giant from the same nation. Sony and Honda announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) The joint development and production of electric vehicles will be officially launched in 2022. There is a clear division of duties and scope of responsibility. Sony will be responsible for capturing images, sensors, communications, networking and in-car entertainment, while Honda will oversee the management of vehicle technology. The first car under the Sony and Honda brands will be released for the first time in 2025, however, so far the name of the company that is a joint venture between Sony and Honda has not been revealed. In the Memorandum of Understanding They used the term New Company first, but this year is expected to see progress in the company's name section and other investments.
Leading technology companies join forces to "ban" business in Russia|Western technology companies have expressed solidarity. To ban the services of businesses in Russia. Since Russia invaded Ukraine, ukraine's sovereignty has been invaded. As a result, Western nations imposed sanctions on Russia. This has led to businesses that will have to follow in the footsteps of government policies. Social or social media providers As a punishment for Russia's actions, each company has a different approach to sanctions. Apple, Microsoft, and Samsung, for example, have ended new releases in Russia, the application platform provider. Remove media applications sponsored by the Russian government. Whether it's Russia. Today, or Sputnik News, for example, is a well-known streaming service provider, Spotify, which is headquartered in Russia. The reason why Spotify had to open its headquarters in The White Bear Land was because of the new law, which states that multinational companies with more than 500,000 Russian users are required to open their headquarters. You have to set up a company in Russia. With this escalating situation, Spotify Swedish company It closed its offices in Russia and imposed sanctions on other Western nations at the same time. The world's leading game developer and millions of gamers like EA Sport, which owns the rights to FIFA 22 and NHL 22, have decided to remove Russia and Belarus from the game in order to express their disapproval of the Russian government's decision to impose sanctions on Russia by technology companies. IN THE FUTURE, WE MAY SEE ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS, DEPENDING ON THE SITUATION OF TENSIONS RUSSIA HAS PUT ON UKRAINE.
The NBTC board voted to appoint "Chukit" to sit as the director of the NSTDA. "Enok" Jochong Green Light Minister|"Anek" Prepare the brew. The Minister appointed "Chukit Limpichanong" as the Director of the NSTDA. The new person replaces the old one, who will complete his term on August 3 this year, revealing outstanding experience and vision. He became the world's foremost scientist on March 4, 2022. Reporters reported that from the meeting of the National Science and Technology Development Board (NBTC) Selection and appointment of director of the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) New people The meeting resolved to approve the nomination subcommittee. Director of The MINISTRY Offer to Prof. Dr. Chukit Limpichanong is the Director of the NSTDA. The next one. On February 26, 2019, he was appointed to serve as the successor to Dr. Narong Sirilertworakul, who will complete his 3-year term on August 26, 2022. Dr. Anek Latham Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation Revealed that the board's consideration of the NTC It consists of national experts from both the public and private sectors. In addition, the Nomination Subcommittee has informed of the outstanding vision and experience of being a researcher and executive of Prof. Dr. Chukit, which will be presented to the Cabinet for further approval. As for the history, Prof. Dr. Chukit is a leading scientist in the world. He was listed in the World's Top 2% Scientists list by Stanford University and was promoted as a professor of physics before the age of 35. He holds a Master's degree and Ph.D. in Physics from Case Western Reserve University, USA. He has worked in the U.S. National Research Center at the National Renewable Energy Lab. (NREL), Oak Ridge National Lab (ORNL), and has worked in the research center of the private company Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) in Silicon Valley. Prof. Dr. Chukit started his career as a lecturer in physics, Suranaree University of Technology. Previously, he served as director of the Center for Research in Computational and Theoretical Physics. He is the President of the Thai Physics Association and is the project leader of the Joint Research Center of MIT-Nanotech-SSO. The main goal was to create the SUT-NANOTEC-SLRI Beamline experimental station, which is a Synchrotron X-ray Absorption Spectroscopy experimental station. Prof. Dr. Chukit has also been recognized for his research both nationally and internationally. Received the National Outstanding Researcher Award. More than 100 outstanding research publications have been published in the Web of Science database, have been cited more than 7,000 times and have an h-index = 40. Prof. Dr. Chukit is the Chief Executive Officer of the Institute for the Promotion of Teaching Science and Technology (SSTST). There are several outstanding achievements in the agenda, such as: 1. To be the backbone of the project to establish the Thai Kosen Institute (KOSEN), which is the implementation of the development of engineers who follow the Japanese development guidelines. The project budget is 4,700 million baht. 2. The use of online teacher training technology to train teachers nationwide in coding with NEDA has resulted in the training of more than 200,000 teachers, and 3. The conversion of textbooks into clips for online teaching in science, mathematics and technology that is complete at all levels in primary and secondary school, which is free to teachers, students and parents from all over the country, both on YouTube and Facebook for the first time.
Apple Event 2022 Live Channel "Peek Performance"|About 15 hours later, Apple is preparing to host its first event of 2022, which comes with the slogan Peek performance. For the first time in 2022, Apple adopted the slogan Peek performance, which makes one wonder which product will be launched, but it is believed that the hero of the event will be iPhone SE 2022, iPad Air 2022 and Mac products. Whether it's on Apple's official website, live on YouTube on Apple channel and finally on Apple TV channel.
Samsung issued a statement admitting data theft - customer data remains secure|Samsung admits to having stolen real data from hackers with over 200GB of source code dropped. Lapsus$ data was used as samsung's source code of technology, including galaxy smartphone device data, bootloader source code, biometric unlocking algorithm, and other sensitive data with a file size of up to 200GB. According to samsung's preliminary analysis, it is believed that this attack was a threat. It does not affect the business or the customer's part and can provide all services as usual. They said they were working vigorously with Samsung to determine what data had been damaged, but believed it was not affected.
Apple unveils new iPad Air It uses an Apple M1 chip and supports 5G.|Apple unveiled a new tablet in the iPad Air series after more than a year and a half of absence, with the iPad Air 2022 moving to Apple M1 and supporting 5G wireless connectivity at Apple Event 2022. Opt for the Apple M1 chipset for the iPad Air instead of the A15 Bionic chipset, which comes with a 12-megapixel rear camera, as well as a 12-megapixel front-facing camera. Supports Center Stage capabilities designed to keep everyone in the same frame. While video calls are also available, the iPad Air 2022 is also another model that supports 5G wireless connectivity, uses USB-C ports, and of course is compatible with Apple Pencil. All of the iPad Air 5's price ranges from USD 599 or THB 20,900, available in a variety of colors, ranging from Space gray, silver, starlight, pink, purple and blue.
Apple unveils The New iPhone SE 2022, a smaller iPhone at a friendship price|Apple unveiled its first smartphone and newest product of 2022 with the iPhone SE, marking the return of the smartphone series. After a two-year hiatus, Apple iPhone SE comes with the same A15 Bionic chipset used in iPhone 13, supporting 5G wireless connectivity, while iPhone SE design has a Home button to support Touch ID on screen size 4.4. The 7-inch Retina IPS LCD has a 750 x 1334 pixel retina IPS LCD design designed to be waterproof and dustproof according to IP67 standards, and the new iPhone SE 2022 will have a better battery, although it is unclear whether it will improve in the way it increases battery charge or due to the improved power management of the A15 chip. Reservations begin Friday, March 18, before delivery begins on March 25.
Apple adds flagship chipset lineup Apple M1 Ultra launches, enhances computer performance|Apple used to have self-developed chipsets like Apple M1, Apple M1 Pro, Apple M1 Max, now they have the newest flagship in the chipset family, which came as Apple M1 Ultra. The Apple M1 Ultra combines two chipsets with up to 20 cores, 16 high-performance cores, four energy-saving axes, and 64 graphics chip cores. It states that the Apple M1 Ultra has about 8 times higher performance than the standard Apple M1 for Apple. From that day until today, Apple has four of its own chipsets: Apple M1, Apple M1 Pro, Apple M1 Max and Apple M1 Ultra.
Apple launches Mac Studio and Studio Display starting at 69,900 baht and 54,900 baht|Apple announced a new product in the computer segment, Mac Studio with a small design, followed by Studio Display with a 27-inch 5K retina in addition to the launch of the iPad Air, iPhone SE and Apple M1 Ultra chipsets. 10Gb Ethernet ports, 2 USB-A ports, HDMI port and audio channel Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.0Mac Studio also have two USB-C front ports, Thunderbolt 4 support and an SDSPONSORED card slot, while Studio Display supports a 27-inch 5K retina display with more than 1 billion colors. It has an A13 Bionic chip, a 12MP ultra wide camera with Center Stage support, and 6-speaker audio, and three USB-C ports supporting Thunderbolt ports for Mac Studio and Studio Display. Intended to capture the market of people working in the editing field. Mac Studio starts at 69,900 THB, while Studio Display starts at 54,900 THB.
7 Things to Do from Apple Event 'Peek Performance'|It's done. At the Apple Event 2022 Peek Performance, which saw Apple launch a number of new products, the highlights of the event were seven key points: the launch of the iPhone SE, the 5th generation iPad Air in 2022, and the Apple M1 Ultra chip, a chip that builds on the Apple M1, M1 Pro and M1 Max, followed by the launch of Studio Display and Mac Studio. Apple intends to capture the creative workforce, musicians, songwriters, producers, and people who work in 3D and animation, while the iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro have been repainted in green, adding options for anyone looking for and wanting to own an iPhone 13. However, major league baseball is not broadcast live in Thailand.
Apple to release iOS 15.4 os update next week|Apple is releasing a new version of its iOS 15.4 operating system next week, which includes a key feature to scan faces even when wearing a face mask. Released in January 2022, beta has been a popular operating system for users. Especially the face scanning feature. Apple has not officially announced when iOS 15.4 will be available to iPhone 13 users and other models, but it is believed that the chances of Apple releasing the update are likely to come next week. This is an added feature that adds to the previous Apple Watch face scan, making it easier for users to use iPhone 13 and iPhone 12. however This feature is not yet available in Thailand, and the AirTag security enhancement feature, which has been misused, has prompted Apple to rush out to fix the iPhone iPhone that supports iOS 15.4.
Sony suspends sales of PlayStation 5 and PlayStation Store in Russia|Sony is the latest company to voice its opposition to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. With the withdrawal of its own business unit from Russia, Sony Interactive Sony's gaming company Entertainment, which oversees Sony's gaming division, issued a statement on Wednesday that it would stop shipping hardware and software to Russia. This means that the PlayStation 5 and PlayStation Store will not be available for sale and service in Russia. The game will not be available in Russia. Gran Turismo 7 is a much-anticipated game. It is also one of the games that generates huge revenues for Sony, not less than $4 billion, Sony and other technology companies are suspending Russian business. This includes Sony's rival Microsoft in the early stages of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Ukraine's deputy prime minister, Mikhail Fedorov, has called on the global gaming industry to step down. Ceased services in Russia, including banning esports tournament agents from Russia and BelarusSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
Amazon suspends access to Prime Video and new AWS customers in Russia|Amazon suspends a large number of services in Russia. From streaming services Prime Video followed by Amazon Web Services to shipping to Russia and Belarus, the world's IT giants. Notice of suspension of service in the video streaming section known as The announcement comes as Netflix suspended its services in Russia earlier this week, as well as cooperation in Russia, as Netflix refused to comply with Russia's new law. It wants streaming providers to publish Russian propaganda content in Amazon's statement. In addition to Amazon Prime Video, retail shipments to Russia and Belarus will also be suspended, while Amazon Web Services (AWS) has also announced it will stop accepting new customers from Russia and Belarus. Amazon's team will also help with cybersecurity in Ukraine. To prevent all past cyber attacks. Amazon and Amazon Web Services do not have data centers, infrastructure, or offices in Russia. Since Amazon has not had a policy of doing business with the Russian government since the beginning, it is now a business. Suspension of operations and activities In Russia, there is a constant increase. In the midst of the heated situation in Ukraine. Led by leading companies like Apple, Mastercard, Visa, PayPal, Google and Microsoft, etc. Source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Carl Pei, former co-founder of OnePlus, announced a new company roadmap, Nothing, on March 23.|Nothing, the new company of former smartphone co-founder OnePlus, is set to announce its vision later this month. We've heard a lot about Carl Pei's recently founded startup, the former co-founder of the popular smartphone company OnePlus, now included as part of OPPO. As a new technology company They will announce their vision and approach on March 23 under the tagline "The Truth", which can be registered on the website intl.nothing.tech. It is not clear whether the first product under the brand Nothing will be anything, but it is believed that it could be a smartphone, since it is a product that its founder, Carl Pei, has a strong aptitude for, in addition to nothing, which has recently received a new round of funding worth up to US$70 million, which will lead to further development of the brand and its products.
Google adds Air Raid system to Android users in Ukraine|Google, the developer of the Android operating system, added an Air Raid alert feature to users in Ukraine. The main developer of the Android operating system introduced a capability called Air Raid Alert, which alerts users of the Andrioid operating system in Ukraine. In the case of Russian airstrikes, the launch of this new capability was launched on Google. Air Raid's behavior is similar to the long-standing earthquake alert system of the Android operating system. In a Google blog post Google said it continues to restrict the introduction of content from Russian government-sponsored media on platforms, as well as halt any commercial activity in Russia. Google Search, Jimel, and YouTube are still active in Russia.
Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 set to launch in August with skin temperature measurement feature|South Korea's ET News reported that the Galaxy Watch 5, a new smartwatch in 2022, will come with a skin temperature measurement feature as one of the primary tools for observing covid-19 symptoms. Samsung has previously tried to bring thermometers into its smartwatches, but the use of thermometers is still very limited. Such external variables may cause inaccurate measurements, which cause Samsung to fold the plan first. To prepare to completely limit such external variables while achieving the most accurate measurement values. What is used to solve this problem? Samsung may bring an infrared thermometer to the rescue, in addition to measuring the temperature on the skin. Galaxy Watch 5 is likely to be launched in August, as the galaxy watch 4 launch last year was launched in August, which may allow us to see both the Galaxy Z Flip 4 and Galaxy Z Fold 4 at the same time.
Russia urges U.S. to manipulate Meta after easing hate policy|The Russian Embassy in the United States has called on the U.S. government to crack down on Facebook, its parent company, Meta. After they relaxed their policy of hateful content against Russia a few days ago, they have been forced to resign. Meta, the parent company of the Facebook and Instagram platforms, has relaxed its hateful content policies in some countries. As a result of russia's The message that has been eased by meta is a message that users in some countries can insult the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the post cursing Vladimir Putin. Putin President of Russia to Alexander Lukashenko. President of Belarus. Such guidelines will be banned from meta. Areas that have been eased by meta policies include: Areas in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Estonia, Georgia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia and Ukraine. Expressed dissatisfaction with the reduction in the intensity of the policies that Meta had previously enforced. The Russian embassy said meta's policies incite hatred and that meta's actions are another clear evidence of the information war. The Russian Embassy has asked the U.S. government to manage meta activities and called for legal action against the perpetrators.
Pokemon Go ceases to operate in Russia and Belarus.|Niantic, the developer of Pokemon Go, announced that the game will be closed in Russia and Belarus until peace is reached in Ukraine. Pokmon GO is still a popular game. The number of Pokmon trainers who go out in pursuit of new Pokmon species is still to be seen, but russia and belarus are not. As game developers declare, they stand by Ukraine and support increased sanctions against Russia. Pokmon GO is no longer available for download on Russian and Belarusian stores, as is the Pokmon game. Go will suspend the service indefinitely, in addition to the Pokmon GO game. Other games under Niantic's development will not be available in Russia and Belarus, including Ingress and Pikmin Bloom, meaning that Pokmon trainers from Russia and Belarus will miss out on Pokmon GO activities such as Season of Alola, as well as the launch of new Pokmon variants coming soon. It is another company that has imposed sanctions on the Russian government. To limit entertainment and other products accessible to Russians. He hopes the Russian public will express their displeasure with the government and increase pressure on the Kremlin to stop invading Ukraine.SPONSORED Source: GameRant
YouTube blocks Russian government-funded media from reaching around the world.|YouTube has intensified its efforts to block media channels sponsored by the Russian government. Whether it's Russia. YouTube announced on Friday that it has begun blocking media channels linked to the Russian government. YouTube argues that russia's invasion of Ukraine Subject to violent incidents and content that previously violated the user community. YouTube announces blocking access to Russia In early March, only the newest policy of blocking media associated with the Kremlin was carried out globally, as was the ban on YouTube advertising in Russia. After blocking all revenue channels in Russia, YouTube said the platform was gradually removing content that was offensive to Ukraine and contained content that was considered violent. YouTube declined to provide information on whether any news outlets close to the Russian government would be blocked, including whether the channel recovery measures would be possible. Russia has already blocked the Instagram application in the country. It later allowed users to post calls for violence against Russia and Russian soldiers.
Tips for turning on Dark mode on Google Chrome|The Dark mode feature is a very important feature when browsing websites today. It can help reduce eye strain during use, while dark mode extends battery life as well. From laptop time to smartphones, the secret to turning on dark mode is recommended for Google chrome users, which is a few simple steps:
Mark Zuckerberg confirms NFT is set to be available on Instagram application|Meta, the parent company of the Instagram platform, is in the process of preparing to enter the Metaverse. Zuckerberg has confirmed that Instagram will soon support NFTs. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta Revealed at SXSW the next step in the development of the Instagram platform, users have the opportunity to see NFTs in the near future, although the meta co-founder did not give much detail on the matter. But technologically speaking, it's a challenge for instagram teams to integrate NFT technology with photo and video sharing, which is Instagram's main selling point. Zuckerberg said he was unable to provide much detail at this time. But the next few months will be seen, and over time, hopefully the environment will be created on the platform in December. The head of the Instagram team admits that Instagram is interested in NFT technology to expand its reach to new users and hopes that it will be another channel to help creators of the platform. There are avatars and digital merchandise, along with trips to different places.
Spotify invests 280m Signed a sponsorship contract for Barcelona.|Spotify Famous music streaming providers Spend a lot of money to sponsor Barcelona of La Liga, Spain, both as the logo on the jersey and the name of the Barcelona stadium. The Spanish La Liga giants have revealed that they have reached an agreement with Spotify, the world's most famous music streaming service, to form a partnership between Barcelona and Spotify. Spotify will support both the logo on barcelona's men's and women's kits and the name of the team's home stadium. The name of the Camp Nou stadium has been changed to Spotify Camp Nou instead of Spotify Camp Nou, and the name has been changed from Camp Nou to Spotify Camp Nou. That's why they have to look for every channel that can generate revenue for Spotify. It will begin to form a commercial partnership with Barcelona next season 2022-23. THE STADIUM HAS BEEN RENAMED BARCELONA. "Working with Spotify enhances the interaction between artists and fans all over the world in Barcelona, both Barcelona and Spotify. Details of the money were not disclosed, but The Guardian news agency said: According to Catalan radio station Rac1, the deal is likely to be around 280 million.
Germany Cyber Security Agency Organizations are advised to avoid using Russian antivirus software.|Germany's cyber agency has advised users to avoid using anti-virus software originating from Russia as it could be used for cyberattacks. Under the management of the Russian government, the official website of the Bundesam fr Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI) or the German cybersecurity agency. Issued notices alerting users and organizations using Kaspersky antivirus software to switch to third-party software. Germany's cyber security agency It said companies operating in Russian cybersecurity could be subjected to Russian government officials. Forced to hack systems or may be used as agents for unknowingly carrying out cyberattacks. In particular, the government agency is responsible for overseeing the warning infrastructure of Germany's cyber authorities. IT COMES AMID AN INCREASINGLY VIOLENT INVASION OF UKRAINE BY RUSSIA. It denied the link, stating that Kaspersky was a private company. It has nothing to do with the Russian government. They also said BSI's warnings were more politically motivated than technological. Kasperski said the company's data processing infrastructure has been in Switzerland since 2018, while the data of German users is at a data center in Zurich. Switzerland, too, would have to say that. In 2017, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ordered government and federal agencies to remove and discontinue the use of Kasperski's products due to concerns that official confidentiality information might leak the above issues. Founder of cybersecurity company Kaspersky He has repeatedly insisted that the Kremlin government has not influenced his company. Recent accusations are false and subject to unfounded conspiracy theories.Source: EuroNews, BSI
NASA invites Earth to send your name to the moon on the Artemis 1 mission.|NASA launched a fun campaign for earthlings interested in becoming part of the Lunar Exploration Program on the Artemis 1 mission by sending your name around the moon. Just type a few times on the keyboard after NASA. It is nearly 50 years away from lunar exploration missions, but in May 2022, it will be over. NASA has a new mission called Artemis 1 to test the technology before sending astronauts to the moon again on the 2024 Artemis 2 mission. NASA has launched a fun campaign inviting people interested in becoming part of the Artemis 1 mission simply by submitting their name to the https://www.nasa.gov/send-your-name-with-artemis/#user-information website, clicking on "Get Boarding Pass"SPONSORED, then fill in the information as indicated on the website. Once everything is filled in, press the Submit button. The names of all participants will be placed on a flash drive and sent up with Artemis 1, meaning that the names of all participants will be sent into orbit around the moon. Participants in the Artemis 1 campaign with NASA will also receive a commemorative boarding pass. Source: NASA, NARIT, Space
Facebook officially opens an account on TikTok|Facebook has opened its official account on the TikTok platform, with around 220,000 followers. Although there is no known content, Meta, the parent company of Facebook and Instagram, has placed TikTok as its main competitor, and plans to focus more on short video content. Facebook's account has around 220,000 followers and no content has been posted. From the check mark or verified on the back of the account name, Facebook has entered the words "We believe people can do more together, than alone." along with a link to download the Facebook application on Google Play Store. Therefore, it is difficult to guess in this regard, while Twitter, another popular social media, also has a TikTok account. Before posting to this platform Source: Mashable
Winamp Announces Original Skins for Sale in NFT Format|Winamp, the legendary MP3 software, announced that its original skins would be available for sale as NFTs, bringing money to charity in the late '90s. One of them must have a program called Winamp, which is a program for playing media files, especially the current mp3 family. There's still some longing for win-amps. Also, at the end of 2021, news broke that Win Amp would be back. It's unclear what form the application will be developed in the latest. The buzz of talking about win-amps is being talked about again. When WinAmp announces the sale of its original skins and icons in NFT format, which will be auctioned through OpenSea from May 16-22, then on May 23, WinAmp will sell the original NFT art developed by 20 artists. AFTER THAT, THE ARTIST WILL RECEIVE 10 PERCENT OF THE ROYALTIES FROM THE NEXT SALE, AND THE REMAINING 80 PERCENT OF THE SALE WILL GO TO THE CHARITY. The Winamp Foundation has pledged to donate to a nonprofit music fund in Belgium.
Sony Thai launches new PlayStation 5 pre-orders in March 2022 tomorrow|Sony Thailand announces the launch of PlayStation 5 pre-orders for March 18 starting at 11:00 a.m. Reservations can be placed on the Sony Store Online Thailand website. There are 2 options to choose from: 1. PlayStation 5. 2. The PS5 model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray disc reader for 16,990 baht for a PlayStation 5 order, available on March 18 at 11 a.m. Source: Sony Thai
Duolingo reveals 485 percent growth in Ukrainian learners|Duolingo The popular language teaching app reported a 485 percent increase in Ukrainian language learning on the app, an increase since Russia invaded Ukraine. Vaughan Ahn, CEO and co-founder of Duolingo, the world's most famous language app; Ukraine language learning has grown by 485 percent globally, according to the report. Duolingo The growth of applications in Poland, he said. The number of active users has increased by 1,800 percent, mainly because Poland is Ukraine's neighbor. It also comes from Polish reasons. We are also willing to welcome Ukrainian refugees. The CEO and co-founder of Duolingo also said the company will donate all advertising revenue from people who learn Ukrainian. From relief to the Ukrainian people, to various charities that help the Ukrainian people. Duolingo has proposed code for using Duolingo Plus for refugees and asylum seekers, as well as expanding access opportunities and reducing fees for English language proficiency tests. To be used as a supporting document for university admission in the earning system section of the duo Lingo in Russia and Belarus now. They have shut down monetization within those two countries. In order not to pay taxes to the belarusian and Russian governments. In 2021, Duolingo Russian revenue is about 1 percent of total revenueSPONSORED Source: Mashable
TikTok tests "Stories" feature following Snapchat and Instagram trails|TikTok started testing its new features, but the older ones like Stories, which resemble snapchats and Instagram: stories last 24 hours before being removed. But in the end, the capabilities and strengths of TikTok are spread across other platforms, especially Instagram, this time it is an opportunity for TikTok to borrow some of the long-standing features of Snapchat. Snapchat, including Instagram stories are part of the new feature. Under the brand TikTok's story format is the same as Instagram and snapchat. Stories are valid for 24 hours before being removed from the system. Users can see other people's stories on their profile page, and the functionality includes the same tools as regular TikTok users, adding music, adding effects, and filters. Some users have only been tested, but it is believed that the test will be extended to a wider circle, it is clear that the Story feature has now become a fundamental feature of social media application providersSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
The HoloLens project between the U.S. military and Microsoft Experiencing equipment quality issues|The $22 billion HoloLens project, a collaboration between the U.S. military and Microsoft, suffered from poor equipment quality due to problems during testing, leading to the termination of its contract last year. Microsoft has been announced as the winner of the U.S. Military Augmented reality procurement and manufacturing program, a long-term project with a budget of more than $22 billion over a year. This collaborative project faced difficulties due to delays in the development process. There was also the news that Microsoft's internal development team had been terminated, followed by news of uncertainty over the development approach, and the biggest problem was that a large number of Microsoft employees with expertise in augmented reality moved to Meta earlier this week to test HoloLens for the fifth time before it went live in May. The tester gave a negative opinion because the device had reliability issues. At the same time, low-light testing does not work well due to the above issues. This has raised concerns among those involved in Microsoft's project about whether the U.S. military will cancel its previously made contract. The HoloLens project between the U.S. military and Microsoft also had difficulties in developing the project, particularly due to the fact that Congress cut the budget for the program in early March from the first phase of the project. Microsoft has a budget of around $799 million, but has been cut by $394 million, leaving only $405 million in development during the negative news about Microsoft's HoloLens 3 project.
Canon Launch of the EOS R5 C, a hybrid camera Supports video and still image work|Canon unveils new Canon EOS R5 C In the Cinema EOS family Camera for still and video work The compact Canon EOS R5 C features a 45-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with DIGIC X image processor that can record 8K/30P RAW and 8K/60P RAW video, and supports video recording with 8K/30P video recording in MP4 format. In addition, cinema RAW light recording format can maintain the integrity of raw video files, the camera can record images at 45 megapixels, and can shoot still images continuously up to 20 frames per second. The release of the Canon EOS R5 C will take place in March at a price of THB 159,900.
Huawei launches Huawei nova 9 SE, capturing vlog users at 9,490 baht|Huawei Consumer Business Group (Thailand) today announced the launch and release price of the Huawei nova 9 SE, the main selling point of this smartphone. Aimed at vlog users at a price of 9,490 baht, the Huawei nova 9 SE, a mid-range smartphone, comes with a 108-megapixel camera. There are a total of 4 rear cameras, focusing on shooting in various conditions day and night with the Super Night Shot feature. Try to focus on vlog shooting through simultaneous front- and rear camera video recording via dual-view video mode and editing applications like Petal Clip. 90Hz refresh rate Operating system to Android 11 covered with EMUI 12 but without Google Play Services Application download must be done via Huawei AppGallery Chipset using Qualcomm SM6225 Snapdragon 680 4GSPONSORED, battery part supplied to 4,000 mAh, support Huawei SuperCharge 66W fast charging by lab experiment. Huawei nova 9 SE is available in two colors, Crystal Blue and Midnight Black, starting at 9,490 THB.
Facebook locks accounts that aren't turned on Facebook Protect|Facebook's parent company Meta started locking up an unenabled security account called Facebook Protect. It seems that the system still has some glitches, as some users have activated, but the account is still locked, reports The Verge and Seanet. In early March, he said: A small number of Facebook users have received emails similar to spam mail with the words "Your account requires advanced security from Facebook Protect". Otherwise, the user's account will be locked. However, the email was actually sent from an email titled security@facebookmail.com Facebook Protect, a user in Thailand that is probably well known because in October last year, Facebook expanded the program to Thai users. Facebook users who do not have Facebook Protect cannot use Facebook, and on Twitter, a number of Facebook users have complained about the problem. Some followed the instructions provided by Facebook. It still doesn't work, there are some users. Facebook Protect said they activated Facebook Protect in advance of the deadline. Source: Cnet, The Verge
Court in Brazil orders Apple and Google to suspend access to Telegram over disinformation issues|The High Court in Brazil has ordered Apple and Google to block access to telegram applications in the country. From the knot of disinformation, a Reuters report. The High Court in Brazil said: He banned the Telegram app after refusing to comply with the court's order. In order to suspend accounts that spread false information or comply with the country's laws, Pavel Durov, CEO and co-founder of Telegram, apologized for the negligence and asked the court for a few days to update the court's order. The Telegram platform is an important channel for Jair Er. Bolsonaro Brazil's president and his supporters, right-wing men, used it in previous communications. The High Court also ordered social media providers like Twitter, Meta and Google Abolishing accounts where false information is spread on social media platforms, the use of high court orders in Brazil also raises questions on the issue of freedom of expression. Especially at a time when Brazil was in a state of extreme political polarization, it became a battle between the court side and President Jair Bolsonaro's side. Bolsonaro at the same time The court ordered the National Telecommunications Agency (ANATEL) to suspend Telegram within 24 hours, with the suspension order remaining until Telegram complied with the order, including paying the full amount of the fine. The court also ordered Apple and Google. Block telegram usage from the country, giving it 5 days to process. however When asked about Google and Apple, both companies declined to comment on the Telegram platform, one of the platforms with a high spread of disinformation because it is a platform with fewer content deletions than on other platforms, making Telegram a popular spot with far-right political views around the world.
High Court in Brazil Release the ban on access to telegram applications|After Telegram, there was a problem with the High Court in Brazil. As a result, the court suspended access to the Telegram app in the country for 2 days. Before the ban was finally lifted, courts in Brazil. The ban on access to domestic Telegram applications has been lifted. The Telegram application was later updated to avoid disinformation. Telegram has removed the shared data from Jair Er. Bolsonaro Telegram has also pledged that they will add so-called labels, especially those that contain all kinds of false information, as well as increase the watchful eye of information flowing through hundreds of popular channels in Brazil. The Telegram platform is Jair Television's most popular platform. Bolsonaro has more than 1.1 million followers on Telegram. HE IS BEING INVESTIGATED FOR SPREADING FAKE NEWS AND LEAKED DOCUMENTS IN THE PAST. A person known as a drunken woodpecker with President Jair Bolsonaro. Bolsonaro is Alexandre Moraes. The Supreme Court judge, he ordered, suspended access to Telegram. In just two days, Telegram CEO and co-founder Pavel Durov apologized for his negligence and error in reading his emails and asked for a few days to update the court's order.
Courts in Russia Facebook and Instagram bans point to extremism|Courts in Russia Facebook and Instagram, two products identified by Meta as extremists amid Kremlin's crackdown on Western companies in a court in Russia. It decided to ban two of the world's social media applications, Facebook and Instagram, in the country. Russia has previously restricted access to Facebook and Instagram as parent company Meta has relaxed its policy of verbal hatred against Vladimir Putin and the Russian military. In some countries where meta imposes russian courts. Instagram and Facebook have also been branded as apps used by activists who engage in political extremist activities, but another well-known meta product, Whatsapp, will not be banned because the court considers WhatsApp to be a communication channel, not a source of information. Russian Prosecutor They also said in court that they had made no attempt to charge Russian citizens and organizations with wanting access to the two banned platforms. Even now, hundreds of thousands of Russians are seeking ways to access Instagram and Facebook through the use of VPN applications, assuming that users are not responsible for any meta services. If you have Russians or companies from abroad Advertising via Facebook and Instagram will be counted as financial support for extremist companies or organizations according to the Kremlin definition or not. Earlier in March, Russia passed a law imposing a maximum penalty of 15 years for spreading fake news, particularly news about what Russia calls a special military operation.
Google moves Android puppet statue out of mountain view headquarters|In the last 3 years, Google hasn't announced a replacement for each version of Android's operating system. For many people who frequent Mountain View, Google's headquarters, the foreground is usually filled with robot statues of each version of the Android operating system. However, many parties have commented that some versions of the statue of Android are already more than 10 years old and may need to be repaired. Google has cleaned it up. People frequenting Google's headquarters Android statues are expected to return to normal, and in Android 13 operating systems, the name Sweets will be reintroduced. After more than 3 years away: 9to5Google
Fortnite announces $36 million donation to relief for Ukrainians|Fortnite developer Epic Games has announced a $36 million donation to help Ukrainian developer Epic Games. In just one day, Twitter @FortniteGame revealed that it has raised more than $36 million. Companies involved in the gaming industry also donated a lot of money to help fellow human beings in Ukraine. For example, the Humble Bundle has helped fund Ukrainians in the form of selling games, game-related books, to software, to launching a direct donation system, etc.
China orders Microsoft to shut down automatic search terms in Bing|Chinese Government Instructs Microsoft, the developer of a search engine called Bing, to turn off the automatic search terms feature for 7 days. Microsoft's search engine is the only Western search engine that can be available in China. The automatic search feature has been shut down for a total of seven days, the second time Microsoft has been ordered by the Chinese government. After having previously been ordered in December. The order comes amid Beijing's crackdown on technology and algorithms. It doesn't give any explanation as to why they turned off the auto-search terms feature, but believes it has created some uneasiness with the Chinese government since 2021. Technology companies in China, as well as western technology companies doing business in China. Faced with new Chinese government regulations Both in terms of setting up a new privacy policy. From algorithmic systems to targeting antagonists to the gaming business, etc.Source: Reuters
Microsoft admits Lapsus$ hackers actually stole some of the source code. Affirmative is not important information.|The Lapsus$ hacker group, which has recently begun to take action, has been attacking Samsung, Invidia, Ubisoft. Latest Microsoft Admittedly, they are the latest victims of this group of hackers, actually Lapsus$. A group of new hackers, who are accelerating their reputation, revealed a day or two ago that they had access to Microsoft's internal data. The data they obtained was Bing and Cortana's source code, with a total file size of 37GB tuesday local time in the United States. Microsoft has admitted that hackers have stolen some of the source code. Microsoft has been monitoring the Lapsus$ group for some time to see how it works, and until the attack, Microsoft said the leaked data was not violent or worrisome to put the company at risk. Also, no important customer information has been leaked. However, the company has already closed the channels as a precautionary measure in the past. It's getting more and more talked about on technology news pages. From the hacking of Nvidia, Samsung to Ubisoft. Lapsus$ is believed to have a base in South America, but so far there hasn't been much conclusive information.SOURCE: Microsoft
TikTok reveals 5 new trends in 2022: Entertainment content has captured the hearts of users to send happiness during COVID-19|TikTok looks at 5 new trends ready to shine online Entertainment content is still in the mainstream because it is a way to spread happiness in stressful situations due to COVID-19. Head of Consumer Marketing, TikTok Thailand TikTok is currently used globally around 1 billion times a month. While in Thailand, there are around 240 million monthly active users in the popular content section, whether it is TikTok users in Thailand or abroad, mainly entertainment content, which TikTok estimates that the trend that will come in 2022 consists of 5 topics: Edutainment, Creative entertainment, Authentic & positive vibe, Live-streaming and Cultural and relevancy. Authentic & positive vibe is a space that creates its own identity on the Live-streaming platform or live streaming system, and continues to grow, with live battle features shared between creators. Finally, cultural and relevancy, focusing heavily on specific trends. It does not focus on mainstream content, but rather captures secondary currents that do not have much attention, but communicates directly and clearly. Head of Campaigns and Content, TikTok Thailand In terms of interesting content in Thailand, it is still entertainment content. Take foreign countries for example. The Squid Game series has been viewed 72 billion times by 720 billion people who have been associated with the series. At the same time, TikTok has pushed the platform to become a news update community through the hashtag #TikTokNews for news from abroad and also for Thailand as well#TikTok The issue of releasing fake news on the platform must therefore be strict. Explain that TikTok has serious guidelines and audits, with the team having the tools to review content. Meanwhile, TikTok also has partners who monitor content 24/7, as well as work with relevant agencies on content. To remind users to be critical when reading news and content. Head of Business Marketing, TikTok Thailand "People are now using it online longer. Both work and life. TikTok has grown 85 percent globally over the past year, with over 800 million videos generated and more than 1 trillion video views. The trend of the online world has also helped drive consumers to shop online. It is expected to reach 27 billion baht this year.
Nothing, a new smartphone maker from the co-founder of OnePlus, is set to go on sale in the middle of this year.|Karl Phe, the former co-founder of the iconic smartphone brand OnePlus, who now founded a startup called Nothing, is set to release its first smartphone in the middle of this year at NOTHING(event): THE TRUTH, the first event for tech startup Nothing. Carl Pei has revealed that it is the name of the smartphone that will be released, which comes as Nothing Phone (1) and Qualcomm's SPONSORED Snapdragon chip. Not a closed operating system Carl Phe also said that Nothing is a smartphone that guarantees a three-year update to the new Android operating system and a four-year security patch. Carl Phe has loosely stated that it will be in the summer of 2022, which coincides with the middle of this year.
Instagram brings chronological feed impressions back to all users.|Instagram has started bringing back the chronological photo and video feed display feature to all users. After more than 6 years of algorithmic display, Instagram turned off its chronological feed display feature and used algorithmic processing display formats. They added two new options: a favourite or favorite-style display. The selected account will always be displayed on top, followed by the second option, follows, which is a chronological display. Both Favourite and Following impressions are not displayed in the default format, but users must enable them by tapping on the Instagram logo in the upper-left corner and selecting the feed they want to display. It's because Instagram has been hit hard by the fact that algorithms deprive teenagers of self-confidence, to offer content that feels like a poisonous platform. Source: Mashable
Russians flock to download information from Wikipedia, dreaded by Putin Block access|From the situation of data control of the Russian government. During the invasion of Ukraine, internet users in Russia were killed. They flocked to Wikipedia because they were concerned that the Kremlin might be banned from Russia's invasion of Ukraine's sovereignty. As a result, Western service providers have continued to impose sanctions on the Russian government. The latest case is the easing of verbal abuse policies in some countries, leading to the Russian government banning Facebook and Instagram with labels labeling them extremist and extremist companies. This has led internet users in Russia to worry that online data may be blocked, deleted, or even that some processes have been lost. This led to the download of the Wikipedia website by Russian users, the fear of Russian users is understandable. Government of Russia It has once threatened to ban the use of Wikipedia in the country because the Kremlin considers wikipedia content to be offensive to Ukraine by Russia. IT IS BIASED INFORMATION AGAINST RUSSIASPONSORED, A DOCUMENT THAT IS RELEVANT TO Russia on Wikipedia. The total file size is 29GB. Data downloads from Wikipedia in Russia In February That's up to 4,000 percent compared to January 2022. It has threatened to block access to Wikipedia, but so far no action has been taken against this free encyclopedia provider.
Apple has the opportunity to release iPhone as a subscription.|Apple is reportedly preparing to release the iPhone in a new format, coming in a subscription package, which is likely to be seen in 2022, or early next year, according to a Bloomberg report by Mark German. It said that within this year or early 2023, there is a chance to see Apple release the iPhone 14 in the form of a monthly hardware pay-as-you-go subscription system. Apple's approach is a way to push everything under the membership system, similar to the services Apple now has, from Apple Music, AppleTV+ to Apple Arcade. iPhone in the form of a subscription They hope to fire a single shot at two birds, because once a user subscribes to the hardware section, there is a good chance that the user will sign up for Apple's software service. This allows Apple to acquire another option, according to Bloomberg. Apple has yet to knock out a definitive price, as the guidelines are still in the early stages of consideration if they are successful. Apple may have taken this approach on other devices of its own, such as Mac computers to tablets like iPads, however, a spokesman for Apple declined to comment on the company's plans, according to Bloomberg.
UK police arrest 7 suspects There is a chance of a connection with the Lapsus$ hacker. |Police in the UK have arrested seven suspects, believed to be involved in a hacker group called Lapsus$, who are rushing to build on the work during this time, said Michael O'Sullivan, a London police officer. Police are currently investigating seven suspects who may have been involved in a hacker group called Lapsus$, police said, adding that the seven suspects were between the ages of 16 and 21. The latter was reported to be a teenager living in Oxford. In the United Kingdom Suspected mastermind of hacker group Lapsus$, a cybersecurity researcher. A recent investigation into the hackers revealed that a key member of the group was 16 years old, known online as White or Breachbase, and was thought to be the leader of the Lapsus$ group. From Samsung's data theft to Invidia's first appearance in December 2021, it focused on attacks on UK and South African organizations. Before starting to see attacks in South America and later the United States, source: TechCrunch
Huawei unveils new MateBook D Series laptops|Huawei MateBook D15 is a 15.6-inch laptop with a technology called FullView Display with a bezel size of 5.3 mm, resulting in a screen-to-body ratio of 87 percent. Focus on professional workers, online learning General use, especially the internet world, the design is aluminum. The 1st Gen Intel Core i5-1135G7SPONSORED, later the Huawei MateBook D 14, is no different from the MateBook D15. The Huawei MateBook D15 and Huawei MateBook D 14 have a fingerprint-scanning power button. It supports USB Type-C and has Huawei SuperCharge fast charging technology, as well as the Super Device feature, which connects Huawei's laptop to smartphone.
Government of Ukraine Prepare to sell the event timeline of the invasion by Russia in NFT format.|Government of Ukraine NFT technology is being developed in the form of a timeline of events in which Russia invaded Ukraine in order to donate revenue to the Ukrainian military and civilians. Prepare to raise capital through the sale of NFT tokens, which will come in the form of a timeline, recounting the events from the first day Russia invaded Ukraine's sovereignty, Mikhailo. Fedorov Ukraine's digital transformation minister said that while Russia used tanks to destroy Ukraine, it was not a good idea. But we rely on blockchain technology for the revolution. Every sale of NFT tokens will be used to support the work of the Ukrainian military and citizens, while the sale of NFTs recounts the Russia and Ukraine incidents. The Ukrainian government will officially go on sale in the next 3 days. https://metahistory.gallery/warline the timeline shared by the Ukrainian government is three days, starting from 5:45 a.m. on February 24 to 5:41 p.m. on February 26.
Russia blocks Google News presentations after banning content supporting ukraine invasion|Government of Russia Google News blocked the platform after presenting inaccurate information about the invasion of Ukraine, a conflict between Western tech companies and the Russian government. In the middle of this week, Google issued a new policy on any website, application and YouTube channel that receives ad revenue. It has extended its coverage to incidents of Russian invasion of Ukrainian government sovereignty. In the past, Google has taken action against media that is funded by the Russian government. It stopped all ads for Russian users in March shortly after Google announced the policy. Roskomnadzor, a Russian government agency It has taken steps to block access to Google News from internet users in Russia. Arguing that the presentation of military operations against Ukraine lacked credibility in the past, Roskomnadzor continued to take measures against U.S. tech companies. These include Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. Content from Russian media is monitored. The whole of Russia. There are also cases of Facebook and Instagram easing hate policies in some countries, which has caused a lot of dissatisfaction with the Russian government. Although Facebook says the policy easing is only a temporary measureSPONSORED Source: The Guardian
Microsoft Surface Pro 8 Tablet and Laptop Review in One|Microsoft Surface Pro 8 is a tablet that comes with Windows 11, Microsoft's latest operating system. After trying Microsoft Surface Pro 8 for a while. This tablet is considered quite easy to carry and quite convenient. It weighs just 891 grams on a 13-inch screen, and when combined with accessories like the Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Keyboard and Microsoft Surface Slim Pen 2, it doesn't make it any heavier. Therefore, portable and comfortable, the SPONSORED body has a modern design. My favorite thing about the design of Microsoft Surface Pro 8 is the durable, sturdy Kickstand. In fact, it must be said that the Microsoft Surface Pro 8 has a screen size of 13 inches with a resolution of 2880x1920 pixels. The good point is that it supports a 120Hz refresh rate, which is an important and common feature in high-end smartphones. If users want to use Microsoft Surface Pro 8 as a laptop, they can do so. The disadvantage of this is that this part must be purchased separately from the Surface Pro 8 package for 6,990 baht. Selling at 9,990 baht, the unit comes with a front and rear camera, with a rear camera with a resolution of 10 megapixels. When it comes to practical use, it doesn't really work with the rear camera. BECAUSE WHAT IS USED REGULARLY IS THE FRONT CAMERA WITH A RESOLUTION OF 5 MEGAPIXELS. It's used for Zoom or Google Meet meetings, and Microsoft Teams, to be honest, isn't very active. The overview of using the front camera of Microsoft Surface Pro 8 during the meeting is ok, doing reasonably well in low light conditions, but in reverse view. In online meetings Users don't expect to have a sharp front-facing camera, so just to see the face value is fine.Microsoft Surface Pro 8 It operates under the factory Windows 11 operating system, which Windows 11 is an operating system that Microsoft has modernized. You can read the Windows 11 review here: Windows 11 Review, the new operating system from Microsoft is prettier, but the filling is also Windows 10SPONSOREDMicrosoft Surface Pro Signature Keyboard. If you look at the name of the material, it is considered strong and durable. Although when we press the touchpad, we hear some mechanical sounds, but it does not bother much, although the Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Keyboard works well, but it must be explained here that it is an accessory, not included with the Microsoft Surface Pro 8 package. Users will have to pay extra if they want to use this accessory. If you want to use Microsoft Surface Pro 8 as a laptop, not just a tablet, the price of Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Keyboard accessories, if it is a model without a pen, is available at 6,990 baht, but if you have Microsoft Surface Slim Pen 2, the price will go up to 9,990 baht. Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Keyboard is not included in the Microsoft Surface Pro 8 package, the initial price of the unit is 39,590. Baht is considered high, so it may be counted as another disadvantage as well. Compared to a competitor's high-end tablet, which makes it one of the cheaper prices, there's no denying that Microsoft Surface Pro 8 is one of Microsoft's best tablets. Plenty of supported ports There's a strong chipset. Enough battery to perform normal daily operations Also, if we have enough funds to buy accessories, it will make the use even more enjoyable, but the starting price of Microsoft Surface Pro 8 is not at the original low level of 39,590. Therefore, it will increase the user's budget even further for the user group suitable for Microsoft Surface Pro 8.
Apple cuts iPhone SE capacity by 20 percent because demand is lower than expected|iPhone SE, Apple's latest smartphone There is a 20 percent chance of a 20 percent reduction in capacity, mainly due to lower-than-estimated demand, according to Nikkei. Asia said in a conversation with a source close to Apple that the iPhone SE 2022 will be reduced by about 20 percent. The first reason is that the demand for iPhone SE is not as high as expected. According to celebrity analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the production cuts of iPhone SE will take place next quarter, so iPhone SE shipments throughout 2022 will be around 15-20 million units. This is a decrease of 25-30 million units due to the uncertainty of the situation between Russia and Ukraine. This may also affect inflation. However, Apple's iPhone SE 2022 production cuts are too early to say that this product has failed and affected the release of new iPhone SE models in the future, but cutting production capacity by 20 percent is a huge number, which could change Apple's future production strategy.sponsored Source: TechCrunch, CNBC
Elon Musk aims to build a social media platform because he is dissatisfied with Twitter's approach.|Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk have expressed their displeasure with the Twitter platform, which was seen building its own social media platform last week. Elon Musk is the chief executive of many of the world's leading organizations. From space to electric vehicles to artificial intelligence technology, the poll was conducted through the use of the poll feature on Twitter through the account @elonmusk Elon Musk began by talking about Twitter's unliberality and wanting a change in this point. Elon Musk also used Twitter's poll feature to ask his followers their opinions. In particular, in the case of the sale of 10 percent of Tesla's shares, Elon Musk's poll has been completed, with more than 2 million people voting, of which 70.4 percent believe that Twitter does not adhere to the principle of freedom of expression and opinion, which is essential for democracy. IT CAN BE A PLATFORM THAT COMES WITH OPEN SOURCE ALGORITHMS AND PLACES GREAT IMPORTANCE ON FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION. Elon Musk admits he has a serious mindset about the matter, while some comments suggest Elon Musk took over Twitter. Elon Musk was one of the co-founders of PayPal (PayPal) Financial Services, which is his only company close to Twitter. Still, social media seems to be a business that isn't much in the realm of his general interest, creating a social media platform that focuses on freedom of expression. Decentralized and ad-free It's not very new. There are social media, which operate in such a way, such as Diaspora and Steemit, for example, but there is a question mark that if there is a greater community of users, there will be a lot of social media. Will these platforms still cope as well as they used to?
U.S. communications regulators blacklisted Kaspersky as a security threat.|The Central Communications Commission (FCC) has blacklisted all Kaspersky products from Russia as a security threat, according to a report by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). However, the only Russian company that has been blacklisted is Kasperski, a technology security provider. Blacklisted companies won't receive a single dollar of federal funding, of course. He disagreed with the central committee's decision on the communications and commented that it was a political consequence of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. It is not related to the product issues as previously reported. Kasperski Not only did the U.S. Central Communications Commission (FR Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI), Germany's cybersecurity agency, issue notices to users and organizations using Kasperski's antivirus software to switch to third-party software. According to the company, cybersecurity is in Russia. May be forced by Russian government officials to hack the system, or may be used as an agent for unknowingly carrying out cyberattacks. Kasperski, in particular, denied the link, stating that Kaspersky is a private company. It has nothing to do with the Russian government. They also said that BSI's warnings were politically motivated rather than technological, as they were argued to the Central Communications Commission for Kasperski, who was blacklisted in the U.S. in 2017 because the U.S. government was concerned about Kasperski's proximity to the Russian government.
Samsung cancels brand name Galaxy Z some European countries for conflict reasons in Ukraine.|Samsung The name of the Z Series smartphone has been discontinued in some European countries, with the Galaxy Fold3 and Galaxy Flip3 being cut down to the Galaxy Fold3 and Galaxy Flip3 for reasons of contention in Ukraine. Led by Vladimir Putin, he used military force to invade Ukraine's sovereignty. At this time, Samsung had to cancel the use of the brand name. Galaxy Z has already gone in some countries, samsung's official website in some European countries, including Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia, has changed the model name from the original Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Fold3 to Galaxy Flip3 and Galaxy Fold3. It doesn't just happen on Samsung's website. But the packaging of the Galaxy Flip3 and Galaxy Fold3 also cuts out the Z, which is why Samsung has to exclude the Z from the Galaxy Z Series name. This often appears on tanks. The significance of the letter Z is used in many meanings today, but the most commonly used is probably in terms of patriotism and support for Vladimir Putin. IN THE INVASION OF UKRAINE, SPONSORED FOR THAT REASON, SAMSUNG, WHICH EXPRESSED ITS INTENTION TO IMPOSE SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA'S BUSINESS, HAS BEEN FORCED TO DO SO. Therefore, it must cut off any links that have the potential to cause the brand to be involved in supporting the Russian government. It's unclear whether the brand name will be cancelled. Will Galaxy Z be a policy that applies only in certain European countries, or will it expand globally?
Apple adopts new policy Do not repair iPhone in case of loss of machine|GSMAMacrumors reports that the website has received an internal Apple record stating that technicians must refuse to repair the iPhone in the event that the iPhone is reported to have been reported as lost or stolen. If a user reports that their smartphone has been stolen or lost to the police, then the competent authorities in this section will record it to the GSMA system to update the new information that the device has been lost and alert the technician to refuse repair. If there is a case of a reported missing device entering the Apple Store and a repair service provider authorized by Apple, the policy is clear that it prevents technicians from repairing an electronic device or iPhone from someone who does not actually own it, and may prevent thieves from getting anything from this burglary.
Dyson launches Dyson Zone, wireless headphones with built-in air purifier|Dyson, a manufacturer of home appliances, today announced the launch of a new product called Dyson Zone, a wireless headphone that carries the Dyson Zone air purifier feature. It's Dyson's latest electronic device. It's a hybrid device, as it's both a wireless headphone but at the same time a small air purifier. It is estimated that this device will be very useful in combating noise and air pollution. It took more than 6 years to develop before becoming a commercially available product in 2022. There are 4 modes called Transparency to get a sense of the surroundings, such as walking across the street or listening to announcements in the air filtration feature. THE AIR FLOW SYSTEM CAN BE ADJUSTED TO MAKE BREATHING EASIER. Dyson Confirm that this device is not a medical device to protect against COVID-19. It's like the masks that are used today, Dyson. Dyson Zone's official price and release date have not yet been announced, but it is believed to be available for purchase by the end of the year. 2022 Source: Mashable
Lapsus$ claims Globant, a software consulting firm, is the latest victim of data hacking.|Lapsus$ hackers have revealed that Globant is the victim of their latest attack amid news of the arrest of seven suspects in the UK. A group of hackers, which are working at this time. After damaging a number of major companies such as Samsung, Invidia and Microsoft, it was claimed that software consulting firm Globant was attacked in the latest by their group. After the UK police Seven suspects were arrested, all believed to be linked to the hackers, all between the ages of 16 and 21. None of the members of the hacker team were arrested.SPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
Washington Post reveals Meta hired a consulting firm to create a campaign to attack TikTok.|Meta, the parent company of Instagram and Facebook, which lost its customer base to TikTok, is reportedly paying a consulting firm to create a campaign to attack TikTok, The Associated Press reported. The Washington Post has revealed that social media giant Meta has hired a consulting firm called Targeted Victory, a company founded by a digital director during Mitt's U.S. presidential campaign. Romney In 2012, to create a negative campaign about TikTok, a campaign that meta was reported to have hired was a campaign that targeted TikTok as a threat to young people, especially in terms of mental health, online violence. It is also seen as a foreign app that collects data on young users, the main objective of the campaign. Meta wants TikTok to no longer be able to pull users away from Instagram and Facebook. TikTok is considered to be the most popular application. It's also a recently acquired application, but it's been well received all over the world. Especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. Meta CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has acknowledged that TikTok is a major competitor to Meta and has contributed to meta's growth in 2021. NOT MEETING THE TARGET, HOWEVER, ZACH. Targeted Victory CEO Moffatt said the Washington Post report Inaccurate and inaccurate Source: The Washington Post
NSC grants science park research|Ms. Thipwan Vejjakarn, Director, Science Park Group, Division of Promotion and Coordination for Science, Research and Innovation Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation (MINISTRY) The science park has received some research grants through projects to improve the quality of life and local economies in the region with knowledge, wisdom and innovation from the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Fund, which is overseen by the Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Commission (NESDB). To monitor the performance of entrepreneurs in enhancing R&D with the network of science, research and innovation infrastructure. That gives the private sector access to knowledge and technology. With the use of scientific laboratories and prototype factories. By supporting no more than 80% of the service fee and not exceeding 300,000 baht per project, all of which will be an important tool to drive innovation to the region to enhance the quality of life and spatial competitiveness, the director of the Science Park Group said. The work of entrepreneurs who have successfully used the laboratory and prototype factories that have been developed to the market, such as fresh date water products by N. Pilanna International Trading Company, dried young chili paste products by Beef Thip Co., Ltd., garlic seasoning products by Thung Suwan Co., Ltd. THIS SUGGESTS THAT THE NORTHERN SCIENCE PARK HAS CREATED AN ALTERNATIVE FOR SMES AND START-UPS AND SMALL ENTREPRENEURS WHO DO NOT HAVE SUFFICIENT CAPITAL TO EXPAND THEIR PRODUCTS.
Capcom raises employee wages by 30 percent, hoping to keep employees at the company|Capcom is a well-known game developer from Japan. Announced a 30 percent salary increase for employees, including a partial reorganization of Capcom. The developers of the games Street Fighter, Resident Evil, Devil May Cry, Monster Hunter and Rockman revealed through investor relations documents that they discussed an average salary increase for Capcom's employees by 30 percent, as well as a bonus structure linked to the company's overall business performance. Capcom is expected to retain and incentivize employees to stay at the company. Raising salaries, paying bonuses, or providing employees with special benefits is one of the most common employee incentive tools used by many companies in the tech world, including Capcom's rival gaming company Ladder. Bandai Namco announced an increase in employee wages by 50 thousand yen per month at the same time. Capcom has improved the performance monitoring process for each employee. ADD TRAINING PROGRAMS, CREATE SUSTAINABLE APPROACHES TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF LEADING AAA GAMES, CREATE A POSITIVE ENVIRONMENT FOR EMPLOYEES, AND RESTRUCTURE THE HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT SPONSORED OVER THE YEARS. Capcom is considered a success in the production of the game, both in the form of remakes and sequels. These include Resident Evil 2 Remake and Resident Evil 3 Remake, Devil May Cry 5, Monster Hunter: World, which generate huge revenues for Capcom.
Russia releases bots, sends messages to Ukrainian military To surrender in military special operations.|Ukraine's intelligence agency said Russia had released more than 5,000 bots to Ukrainian soldiers to surrender in ukrainian intelligence military operations. Russia has used a joint bot in its offensive against Ukraine. More than 5,000 short messages or SMS messages were sent to Ukrainian soldiers and law enforcement officials, with the message that they surrendered to Russian troops on Thursday, Ukraine time. Armed Forces of Ukraine The agency's Facebook fan page said ukraine's security forces had been arrested. It has carried out the closure of Russian bots. It aims to play the mental and morale of the Ukrainian military. Svetlana, Russia It is known as one of the world's most powerful cyber-shaking hackers. As well as having intricate attack characteristics at the same time. At the beginning of Russia's military operations against Ukraine. Microsoft's Threat Intelligence Center has discovered a cyberattack targeting Ukraine's digital infrastructure. Microsoft called the malware FoxBlade after it was discovered and alerted Ukraine to provide immediate advice on how to prevent such attacks.
SeaX Ventures has successfully raised over 2 billion Pushing global startups to invest in ASEAN|SeaX Ventures is a Thai startup fund that focuses on investing in global startups. Deep Technology announces successful second fund funding of US$60 million or over 2,000 million baht To help accelerate the growth of global startups in Southeast Asia (ASEAN), the appeal of SeaX Ventures' fundraising success was that it was originally intended to be around US$50 million. SeaX's approach is to invest in pre-seed, seed, and Series A with investments ranging from USD 500 billion to USD 5 million. We are able to help many innovative and advanced startups around the world grow exponentially in Southeast Asia with our business partners with over 400 organizations across the region," said Dr. Supachai Pajariyanon, Founder and Managing Partner of SeaX Ventures. Founded by Dr. Supachai, RISE encourages those organizations to embrace the digital world, while SeaX adds value to startups by funding them to grow rapidly. The goal is to win both startups and organizations to do business together. Leading to innovative initiatives Launch new businesses faster SponsoredSponsored companies that jointly invest with SeaX, second funds such as PTT OR International Holdings (Singapore), Central Pattana Public Company Limited, Singha Ventures Fund, Ramkhamhaeng Hospital Public Company Limited, MC Group Public Company Limited, Watcharapol Company Limited (Thairath), T.K.S. Technology Public Company Limited, Modernform Group Public Company Limited, BCH Ventures Co., Ltd. in Benchachinda Group, etc. Ptt Oil & Retail Public Company Limited (OR) Chief Executive Officer and President said, "OR is focused on innovation and is committed to finding new ways to serve our customers. WHA Corporation Public Company Limited, Mr. Banyong Pongpanich Chief Executive Officer, Kiatnakin Phatra Bank Public Company Limited, Mr. Teerapong Chansiri, Chief Executive Officer, Thai Union Group Public Company Limited, Mrs. Srivikorn Gaysorn Group Director, Mr. Anustha Chaovisit referee Toyota Tsusho Thai Holding Co., Ltd., Mr. Yothin Damrongchanvanich, Executive Director, Double A (1991) Public Company Limited, Mr. Weerawat Ongwasit Chief Executive Officer, Veranda Resort Public Company Limited, Mr. Nattapol Wimonchala Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jareeporn said, "Although SeaX has recently raised a second fund, the fund has already invested in three Unicorn seed rounds. Foodtech, Biotech & Life Science, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotics, and IoT & Hardware Sponsored for RISE, the Institute of Accelerated Innovation, has a main mission of increasing the gross domestic product of Southeast Asia 5. Over the past year, RISE has built an ecosystem of corporate innovation through a global network. With more than 400 leading organizations in Southeast Asia, over 2,000 startups and innovation communities in 40 countries around the world, it has added more than $2 billion in gross domestic product, equivalent to more than 400,000 jobs in Southeast Asia.
"SLS", a powerful rocket that sends "Artemis" into deep space. Take humans back to the moon.|More than 50 years have been waiting for humans to finally return to the moon. With new spacecraft like Orion and the most powerful SLS rocket, 2022 marks the big year of the space exploration program run by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which has announced its goal of bringing humans back to the moon. Under the Artemis program, four selected astronauts will be deployed to Orion, a spacecraft designed to replace a spaceship that was discontinued more than 10 years ago. Travel in space faster and go further than the Apollo. Which is to travel to the moon. The Saturn 5 used in Apollo was the source of the development of the SLS: Spacw Launch System, as well as the newly developed launch base and control center. For deep space exploration missions or far away from earth orbit. .SPONSORED Artemis Project Taking humans to the depths of space The Artemis project is a continuation of the spirit of taking humans to the depths of space, wanting to take humans to Mars. It is necessary to have a spacecraft suitable for long journeys in space. It can accommodate four astronauts, and since the Apollo program era, there have been no more U.S. spacecraft used for long-distance travel. With the decommissioning of the space shuttle, the U.S. is relying on Russia's Soyus spacecraft. Until it was just able to send astronauts themselves through private services. Like SpaceX, which takes astronauts to the International Space Station. By Crew Dragon 2 spacecraft and the first pin if going to Mars, the halfway point should start is to return to the moon. The Artemis project then took the wood to bring humans back to explore the moon. After the Apollo 17 program departed from the Moon in 1972, what did NASA need for a powerful and capable new rocket capable enough to carry the new Orion spacecraft into orbit above the Moon? Liquid fuels like liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen It is equipped with the same RS-25 liquid fuel engine installed in the space shuttle. Four engines with a total thrust of 8.8 million Another important part of the SLS is the 5-part solid-fuel booster rocket, which is a white bar rocket used in the space shuttle program, which takes the main casing parts from the old 4-part booster used in the space shuttle project. Introducing a new flight control system The lighter insulation material delivers 25% better thrust performance than the previous model, but there is no parachute recovery system when returning to Earth. The booster rocket has enough to launch into space 8 times because it has stock from an old rocket from the space shuttle program to be used to launch SLS, i.e. 8 times only when the rocket enters space, the main part of the rocket will be removed. The Interim Cryogenic Propulsion Stage is isolated, equipped with an RL-10 engine that uses liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. Above is the orion installation, which consists of a capsule module that is home to astronauts with a life support system. The SLS rocket has been developed into 3 main phases: Block 1 for Artemis 1-3, while Block 1B rockets will be used on artemis 4-8 missions and Block 2 will be deployed since Artemis 9.21 gateway It has a thrust of 8.8m. The Block 2, which is currently under development, will provide up to 9.2 million of thrust, with both a separate version for delivering manned vehicles and a cargo model for Artemis' mission. 1 Scheduled to travel in 2022 will be an astronaut-free flight, but using operational control from ground center to travel to orbit the moon and launch tiny satellites. The 10 CubeSats test the readiness of Orion, an SLS rocket, to travel into space and return to Earth. Florida, total distance 1.3 million miles. Over the course of 4-6 weeks, Artemis 2's mission will follow in the footsteps of Apollo 8, which will take four astronauts into orbit around the moon, the farthest journey from Earth and safely back to Earth. TAKING ABOUT 10 DAYS TO SPONSORED, ARTEMIS 3'S MISSION WILL TAKE HUMANS TO LAND ON THE MOON FOR THE FIRST TIME AFTER THE APOLLO SPACECRAFT. 17 Humans were brought to the moon more than 50 years ago, with female astronauts also being brought to the moon. It is also a test of a new lunar landing system that will connect Orion to the Habitation and Logistics Outpost (HALO) and the Power and Propulsion Element (PPE) that will be like a small space station with the lunar landing craft at Lunar Gateway that will orbit over the moon. gateway Key parts of the Artemis project The 30-day mission to Artemis 1 to the moon is a journey from Earth to the moon to assess the travel safety of the Orion craft and the operation of the European Service Module. Contact with the craft will be made through the NASA Deep Space Network or NASA Deep Space Network. 1 It will enter orbit around the Moon, about 100 km from the surface, to collect data of the craft when traveling in space. This causes the craft to be thrown back to Earth. As it approaches Earth, the capsule shakes off the service craft before friction into the Earth at a speed of 25,000 miles per hour, or 11 km per second. The SLS rocket was mounted on Cape Canaveral's 39B launch base in preparation for the final ground test: adding liquid fuel to the storage tank and draining fuel from the storage tank in extreme cold conditions (if anyone can't imagine, think of the movie Apollo 13, which has a tube connected to the rocket and a white cold vapor covering the rocket until it forms a sheet of ice). If tested at this point, it will be the final process to determine the next launch date for the rocket into space. If everything goes according to plan, we'll see the world's most powerful rocket launch. After Saturn 5 sent Apollo to the moon more than 50 years ago, if Artemis 1's test flight is successful, it will definitely see Artemis 2 with four astronauts in orbit. In 2023-2024, NASA has reiterated that it will be the farthest human journey from Earth since sending a manned spacecraft into space, breaking the Apollo 13 record for a detour behind the moon to return to Earth. Author : Juldis Rattanakhampan Image and information by Artemis 1 Project, SLS , NASA , Wikipedia SLS
"Seth Phong" Point low orbit satellites Leading to Industrial Revolution 5.0|"Sethapong" looks at the development of aerospace technology. "Industrial Revolution 5.0" suggests that if any organization adapts quickly, it will survive. Who doesn't know how to die in 5-10 years on April 4, 2022? Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Deputy Commissioner of Communications LEO satellite networks are going to connect 5G/6G communications systems for people around the world, including IoT, including electric cars, airplanes, drones, robots, VR/AR glasses, factory equipment and human medical devices. Hence the development of aerospace technology. It is about to move the world into a new territory and a new economic system, which will cause all industries that are not visible to this impact to unknowingly disappear within the next 5-10 years, despite the seemingly rapid spread of internet usage throughout Asia and the Pacific. But information from the International Telecommunication Union Nearly 2.4 billion people, or about 55% of the population in Asia and the Pacific, still do not have access to the internet, and more than 3 billion people live in areas that are extremely far from telecommunications infrastructure. In addition to the LEO satellite group used for communications, progress has been made, he said. In the development of satellite launch technology into orbit, which is very useful in driving the satellite industry, as mentioned above, there are also earth exploration satellites that can be real-time sources of information, such as seeing satellite imagery on Google almost in real time, etc. By these incredibly exotic services. It is rapidly expanding, which is used for monitoring agricultural crops. Deforestation and Reforestation Tracking Measuring economic activity MONITORING ENERGY CONSUMPTION ALL OVER THE WORLD AND PROVIDING DATA FOR PREDICTIVE ANALYSIS IN THE FIELD OF DISASTER MANAGEMENT, ETC.SPONSORED "AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT. It's going to take the world into a new realm. A new economic system that will cause all industries that are invisible to this impact to die unknowingly within 5-10 years. However, any industry and organization that sees an opportunity from this threat will survive strongly in the land of Industry 5.0, where humans and machines work seamlessly together." Dr. Sethapong said.
Elon Musk acquires 9.2 percent stake in Twitter|Elon Musk A celebrity executive bought Twitter shares after conducting a poll asking for his opinion on building his own social media platform. Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, who had previously expressed dissatisfaction with Twitter's undemocratic status, created another buzz by buying 9.2 percent of Twitter shares for $2.9 billion. However, it is unclear what Elon Musk's Twitter takeover is planned to do before the announcement of Elon Musk's Twitter takeover. He also had the idea to build his own social media platform, telling his followers to vote cautiously in the polls, as the consequences of the poll will be extremely important. Aiming to create a social media platform due to dissatisfaction with the current TwitterSPONSORED approach. Elon Musk, 50, has 80 million Twitter followers, in fact, many of Elon Musk's tweets have had a negative impact on a wide range of people, according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Regulations must be issued that if Elon Musk is going to tweet on any issue, it must be approved by lawmakers before coming: Bloomberg
Fortnite closes $144 million fundraising campaign to help Ukrainians|The Ukrainian Aid Fundraiser of the Fort Knight Game is over. The campaign reached $144 million after Epic Games, the developer of Fortnite, announced a two-week campaign that raised funds to help Ukrainians. It was affected by the invasion of sovereignty from Russia in this russian rescue campaign. After 2 weeks, the final figure from this fundraising was 144 million U.S. dollars, equivalent to about 4.9 billion baht, according to Fort Knight. It said that by the first day of the campaign, it could raise up to US$36 million. Includes: The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the United Nations Children's Fund and the Epic Games World Food Programme are among the projects involved in helping Ukrainians in the gaming industry.
Facebook blocked the killing hashtag in the city of worship. Ukraine |Facebook's parent company Meta has blocked access to hashtags related to the killings of people in Bucha. Ukraine Meta spokeswoman Andy Stone said meta uses automation to find violent images on Instagram and Facebook, as well as hashtags, leading to the blocking of hashtags named #bucha and #buchamassacre. Explain that this happens automatically because of the content that people post through the hashtag, which, after the meta became aware of it, immediately removed the blocking of access to the hashtag. Meta Allow violent content to be posted It is only subject to user community standards and is intended for raising human rights awareness. IN ADDITION TO REMOVING CONTENT FROM THE META PLATFORM, THEY SAID THEY WOULD ADD WARNING LABELS TO ALERT USERS ABOUT CERTAIN CONTENT. Denies relevance to the issue of civilian killings Source: CNA
Elon Musk shakes up the Twitter world Ask followers if they need an Edit button.|Elon Musk, the new majority shareholder of Twitter, has shaken the Twitter world once again by asking his followers if they want the Edit button or the Edit button. But this can't be done, as Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter, can't do so. Although Twitter has never introduced this feature, it has always been a feature that users have always called for. Twitter's new CEO, Parak Agrawal, also commented on Elon Musk's poll, saying he would vote with caution. Elon Musk is the majority shareholder on Twitter, later CEO of Tesla. Invested more than $2.9 billion, grabbed 9.2 percent of Twitter's shares in its possessionSPONSORED Source: Fox Business
Twitter Test Edit Tweet Button for Twitter Blue Members |Finally, Twitter decided to add an edit button, with Twitter confirming that the test since 2021 is not related to the arrival of Elon Musk. Confirm the existence of the Edit button via your official Twitter account @TwitterComms Twitter. They said they have been developing a tweet editing function since last year. The functionality has nothing to do with polls (meaning Elon Musk's polls), and Twitter Blue users will be able to use the function before anyone else, Jay. Sullivan said Twitter's head of product said this is the most demanded feature over the years, but the edit button can be misused. Without proper control, give an example in cases involving issues that have already gone viral around the world. Instead, the user edited the entire text of the tweet. IF THERE IS NO TIME LIMIT, CONTROL, AND TRANSPARENCY OF THE EDIT BUTTON, IT CAN AFFECT THE RECORDING OF PUBLIC CONVERSATIONS. It goes on to say that they will spend time and find out about this function. Before it was officially launched in the view section of the user who wanted to have a button to edit a tweet that had already been published, it was because on many occasions the tweet was deleted. There are misspelled words, but since Twitter doesn't have an edit button. All you can do is delete it and retweet it. Twitter has appointed Elon Musk to the Board of Directors after becoming the majority shareholder of Twitter with 9.2 percent. By setting up a poll. Polled through his followers with more than 80.2 million. Before Parak Agrawal, CEO of Twitter Elon Musk's followers are urged to vote on this poll with caution.
Apple announces WWDC online event June 6-10|Apple announced that this year's WWDC 2022 developer event will continue to be held online from June 6-10, 2022, during the uncertainty of COVID-19. As a result, Apple will continue to host the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2022) online for the third year in a row. Still, Apple has provided some space for developers and students to attend the event at Apple Park, Apple's headquarters, like every year. The WWDC 2022 event marks the release of the latest version of the operating system of the Apple ecosystem. Whether it's iOS 16, iPadOS 16, macOS 13, watchOS 9 and tvOS 16, there aren't many key points for hardware launches. Apple is also hosting the Swift Student Challenge for the third year to support students who love coding, using Swift Playgrounds, an app for iPad and Mac, to create competitive projects for WWDC 2022, which takes place from June 6-10.
Wargaming, the developer of World of Tanks, withdrew its business from Russia and Belarus.|In the midst of the military special operations in which Russia invaded Ukraine is not over, but what has already ended is the business operations of the famous game developer World of Tanks in Belarus and Russia, the political conflict between Ukraine and Russia. Causing new changes in the gaming industry Wargaming, the developer of World of Tanks, decided to close its own offices in Belarus, including its Russian office. In 2017, in order to develop mobile games, in particular, a statement by Wargaming on Twitter @WorldofTanks explained that after reviewing its business strategy in recent weeks, the company has been able to improve its business strategy. Before deciding to close studios in Russia and Belarus after discontinuing services in Russia and Belarus. Wargaming has put Lesta Studio in charge of the game, meaning that World of Tanks will continue to operate normally in Belarus and Russia. BUT IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH WARGAMINGSPONSORED. It has also begun closing studios in Minsk. That's because World of Tanks is so popular in Belarus and Russia, although Wargaming hasn't made it clear. But the decision to close studios in both Russia and Belarus. It is an expression of disapproval of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In the past, a large amount of money has been donated to the Ukrainian Red Cross for World of Tanks, a game that is supported on many platforms, including PC, PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch.
Twitter issues new policy Restrict access to accounts related to interstate violence|Twitter has introduced a new policy restricting access to Twitter accounts associated with any government that restricts free access to news, to states that are associated with violence between the states of Joel. Roth Twitter's head of global website integrity revealed through his personal account @yoyoel about Twitter's new policy, that on this platform, no government accounts are introduced or expanded, which have limited access to information freely and are associated with interstate violence. Implementing Twitter's new policy It applies to all accounts held by each government. Whether or not the country has blocked Twitter is certain, the first country to be affected by Twitter's new policy is Russia, which fits into Twitter's new policy in all respects. So, then. All accounts associated with the Russian government Twitter will not be promoted or presented through Twitter's algorithms, including timeline pages, explore tabs, and searches. The accounts held by the government must take into account the necessity and public interest. Twitter will add a warning label to the tweet. IF IT DOESN'T, IT WILL BE REMOVED FROM THE SYSTEM, AND TWITTER WILL NOT TAKE INTO ACCOUNT WHAT TYPE OF ACCOUNT IT IS. This makes Twitter more serious in dealing with content. Especially distorted and propaganda content.Source: Mashable
"MKOC-ASEAN" discusses strengthening the "ARASFF" system and uses the "QR Trace" system.|MKOC discusses "ASEAN" strengthening ARASFF system and enriching member states Using QR Trace system, asean traceability system was developed on April 6, 2022. Mr. Pisan Pongsapich Secretary-General of the National Agricultural And Food Standards Agency It was revealed that MKOC had assigned Ms. Ravinan Juchalerm. Director, Agricultural Products and Food Standards Policy Division Head of Thai Affairs at the 9th ARASFF National Focal Points Meeting Mr. Sanchai Tantayaporn, Counselor, MKOC The 7th ARASFF Steering Committee attended the 9th ARASFF NCP & the 7th ARASFF SC Meetings held from 4-5 April 2022 via electronic media to strengthen the food and feed safety alert system. Since its inception in 2008, there have been 352 notification lists in the system, including 232 from Malaysia, 55 from Thailand, 33 from the Republic of Indonesia, 4 from Singapore and 1 from the Philippines. Thailand has asked ASEAN members Increase food and feed safety alerts in the ARASFF system, and jointly push for compulsory ASEAN food safety alerts. In addition, the meeting discussed the progress of the action plan under ARASFF, in which Thailand, as an ARASFF Admin, proposed a system development to link information between the national alert system and the ASEAN alert system. To help reduce redundancy and errors. MKOC is in the process of developing a system to connect the Thai system with the ASEAN system. It is expected to be completed and tested by 2023, and many ASEAN members have expressed interest in thailand's proposed connectivity approach. Administrators will take action for interested countries. The system can be tried further, Mr. Pisan said. After ASEAN developed the ASEAN guideline on the establishment of food traceability system to guide the preparation of traceability system, the document was approved by the ASEAN Agriculture and Forestry Ministers' Meeting. The 43rd meeting was held in October 2021. Thailand has proposed to provide training. Traceability system for ASEAN member states This will enhance the quality and reliability of ASEAN's agricultural and food products throughout the chain by requesting expert personnel support and budget from EU ARISE Plus. The ARASFF system has been established since 2009 as a proposal by Thailand to develop a system to raise the alert level in ASEAN food and animal feed products. To be fast and transparent, with MKOC as the administrator," said THE SECRETARY-GENERAL.
Meta is set to launch a new cryptocurrency called Zuck Bucks.|Meta under Mark's leadership Zuckerberg There is an opportunity to launch its own new digital currency, known as Zuck Bucks. It has its own cryptocurrency called Diem, but meta seems to still need more financial products, the Financial Times reported. The parent company of Facebook and Instagram A new cryptocurrency called Zuck Bucks is being developed. Named after Mark's last name. Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, but this financial product of Meta is not a cryptocurrency as we are used to. Rather, it is a cryptocurrency used within meta applications. Roblox is creating its own cryptocurrency creation platform, which is the case when the popular children's game Roblox created its own currency in a game called Robux. There are always efforts to use blockchain technology as part of the product, as can be seen from the introduction of NFTs into the platform at the same time. The idea was to create so-called social tokens and reputation tokens to reward users who have also participated in Facebook groups. The creation of a cryptocurrency called Zuck Buck is still in a rumored state. A Meta spokesperson declined to provide information on the issue, although the idea was on meta's side. But Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter, was very fond of the idea and wanted it to happen.
FBI launches operation to eliminate Russian botnets|The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) said it had taken action to manage a Russian botnet. Known as Cyclops Blink, the FBI's handling of this Russian botnet has been approved by courts in California and Pennsylvania. To remove a botnet called Cyclops Blink from the server, it did not spread and was affected by additional attacks. It was revealed on Wednesday, U.S. local time. Indicates that the operation to deal with the Cyclops Blink botnet has been successful. However, the device owner must perform another system check to secure the device and prevent repeated attacks. It has come under heavy cyber threats in February. It's not. Security researchers believe VPNFilter, Cyclops Blink, and Sandworm, which was the malware that attacked Ukraine's power grid in 2015, are all known as sponsored by Russian military intelligence. Security researchers say the botnets have the ability to collect data and steal data, along with DDoS attacks on servers and websites, as well as attacks with the hope of damaging devices and causing network failure.
HMD Global reveals 4 percent increase in malware threatening Android smartphone users |HMD Global, the owner of nokia smartphone manufacturing rights, revealed a 4 percent increase in the threat of Android smartphone users from 2.5 billion users. As a result, people inevitably have to go online. Both in the form of classes. FUNCTIONALITY, TRANSACTIONS, AND OTHER TYPES OF APPLICATIONS THROUGH TODAY'S SPONSORED SMARTPHONES Android smartphones have around 2.5 billion users worldwide, making it a channel for hackers to exploit existing vulnerabilities of the Android operating system, which damages about 4 percent of all Android users.
"Seth Phong" Pulling gurus to jointly lay roadmap for "TECH PARK" development in line with "EEC"|"Sethapong" sits as chairman of the Space Subcommittee and attracts experts to develop "TECH PARK" in line with the "EEC" project, preparing to support space affairs and develop the digital economy on April 7, 2022. Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Vice Chairman of the Communications Commission He said that at last week's meeting, the DES Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security was set up and invited experts in various fields to participate in the subcommittee, including satellite, 5G/6G technology, and data center experts such as Mr. Montri Wiboonyarat from King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang. Mr. Prapat Ratlertkarn Chief Executive Officer, Planet Communications Asia Public Company Limited specializes in designing and planning the development of digital innovation and advanced technology centers. Lt. Jesada Sivarak Head of Government and Business Relations, Ericsson (Thailand) Co., Ltd., a specialist in 5G/6G technology, etc. Mr. Chanwit Munikanon Chief Executive Officer, Asia Aviation Institute SponsoredCol. Sethapong said that this subcommittee will have an important task of brainstorming knowledge and ideas from various experts to present as a roadmap to develop the area into a TECH PARK, which will be in line with the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) development project. It has a solid infrastructure to attract the world's leading technology companies. In addition, it is also preparing to drive the development of the space industry ecosystem in Thailand to be more viable, such as the creation of equipment and applications related to the transmission sector and the terrestrial network of broadband internet beyond 5G connected by a low-orbit satellite network (LEO), space design for the invention and development of future telecommunications systems. (Future network) from leading global equipment and network manufacturers. Research and development of the automotive industry of the future, whether it is EV or self-driving vehicle, etc., Col. Sethapong said that within Tech Park, telemedicine must be provided perfectly. The work of this subcommittee will benefit Thailand, which must move towards competition in the world of artificial intelligence. to space ventures that are about to have an impact. Inevitably, the competition in the near future. The results of this subcommittee can be used to plan the creation of EEC areas in a concrete way.
Elon Musk is no longer on the Twitter board.|Elon Musk is the world's billionaire. Despite remaining a 9.2 percent majority shareholder and plans to develop a number of Twitter services, Elon Musk's latest move was revealed by Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal. @ @paraga Regarding Elon Musk's demands and communicating to the company's team that Elon Musk has decided not to join the Board of Directors, the company remains open to Elon's recommendations. AFTER CEO PARAK TWEETED AN HOUR, ELON MUSK TWEETED ONLY AN EMOJI SYMBOL WITH ONE HAND COVERING HIS MOUTH. Musk, the billionaire of the world As CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, about joining policymakers as the largest shareholder on Twitter, has been in the spotlight in the tech industry over the past week. After buying Twitter shares 9.2 On March 14, 2022, elon musk reportedly wanted to manage several Twitter services that had long been commented on, such as bots. Crypto Spam Bot, which sends people to Twitter to access scams that could be hacked or stolen, and just yesterday it was announced that Elon Musk proposed a plan to use a crypto coin called Dogecoin to pay for Twitter Blue memberships, until the price of Dogecoin jumped by more than 8 percent. Of course, most responded that they wanted to.
Elon Musk takes over Twitter to buy 1.4 trillion baht of shares|Elon Musk, the world's billionaire, has proposed to acquire or take over Twitter for more than $43 billion or more than 1.4 trillion baht. Tesla and SpaceX CEOs after previously sparking a trend on March 14, 2022, to buy 9.2 shares of Twitter shares. Elon Musk recently announced that he had filed a document with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission today that Elon Musk would join the board on Twitter, but canceled the plan on April 11, because if he entered the board, he would not buy more shares, including a takeover, which was Elon Musk's reaction that day, tweeting a hand-soaked emoji after announcing that he was no longer on the board. If the offer is not responded to He will reconsider his position. As a shareholder, Elon Musk has previously expressed his opinion on his policies as the largest shareholder on Twitter, which wants to manage many Twitter services, especially freedom of expression. Free speech and features such as crypto spam bots, a plan to use a crypto coin called Dogecoin to pay for Twitter Blue memberships to use special features such as untweeting, untweeting, text editing, or EditSPONSORED
Twitter CEO reveals board of directors are considering Elon Musk's takeover|Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal told employees that the company is considering Elon Musk's takeover after spending $43 billion to grab Twitter as a private company. Musk on Thursday local time in the United States. It has shaken the tech world quite a bit. He announced his 9.2 percent stake in Twitter in early April, worth $2.9 billion. During Thursday's Q&A session, twitter employees were called to the scene. Asked about the future of Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal, who responded to the question, he said the board of directors will take this issue seriously and will make decisions in the best interests of shareholders. It did not give a definitive answer as to when the committee would accept or reject Elon Musk's offer. It has reportedly disappointed some of its employees, who want to know more details, The Verge news agency reported. There are concerns about the future of this social media company. Elon Musk's board of directors said at TED2022 Vancouver, Canada, that all considerations should be up to shareholders, not the board of directors. If your Twitter acquisition is rejected Musk went on to say that what made him decide to buy Twitter was not because he wanted to make a profit, but because he wanted to protect the right to freedom of expression and allow algorithms to be reviewed by third parties.
Chinese Government Licensed to release the game for the first time in 9 months|Game regulators under the Chinese government Resumption of licensing to domestic game providers After nearly nine months of no new licensing, the gaming business in China stagnated, according to several media outlets in China. The gaming regulator, which is under the Chinese government, said in a statement. Has resumed licensing for game production companies. After the last licensing had to go back to July last year, this license was approved. There are a total of 45 licensed games, one of which is from Baidu, XD Inc and iDreamSky. Compared to the recent game licensing by regulators in China. For example, the last license was approved before July 22, 2021, over a period of 7 months, 679 games or 97 games per month were issued. Chinese government regulators have stopped issuing game licenses in the country for more than nine months as a result of Beijing's desire to limit gaming time among young people. To prevent young people in China from becoming addicted to so-called digital opium, gaming businesses are not allowed to open new games again. The Chinese government has introduced rules limiting gaming hours for young people, and the Chinese government has a view that video games can influence people's thoughts. Therefore, games have to be scrutinized like books, movies, newspapers and television shows, for example, as Chinese government regulators do not issue new licenses to gaming companies. As a result, many small and medium-sized gaming companies have had to shut down. Meanwhile, giants such as Tencent and NetEase have also been affected, causing china's overall gaming industry to stagnate. Chinese government gaming regulators It had stopped issuing licenses once in 2018, when it was not issued for nine months, partly due to an overhaul of regulators.
Zhengzhou city officials imposed a lockdown, potentially affecting Apple's iPhone production.|Apple product shipments are prone to delays. Later, officials of Zhengzhou city in China. The city imposed a lockdown, bloomberg news agency reported. Officials in Zhengzhou, China, a city close to Foxconn's factory, have announced a lockdown policy that could delay shipments of Apple's electronics manufacturing equipment. This has resulted in strictness in all areas behind the Great Wall, although some areas of Zhengzhou are economic areas. It is expected to have some impact on Apple. But so far, there has been no definitive estimate of how much impact it will have. It all depends on how long the lockdown measures last, and electronics manufacturers still have a number of ways to solve the lockdown problem. One of them is the redirection of production from lockdown cities to non-lockdown cities such as Shenzhen, which is not currently under lockdown. PRODUCTION REDIRECTION ALSO NEEDS TO ASSESS THE SITUATION ON SITE, WHETHER THERE IS A TRANSPORTATION PROBLEM OR NOT. Foxconn's electronics factory in Shenzhen has also faced lockdowns imposed by local authorities, but in the next few days, it has been able to resume operations in the past. Apple wants to reduce its dependence on China's supply chain. He turned to setting up a manufacturing plant in India. Mexico and Vietnam Source: Bloomberg
China Banning unlicensed live streaming of games|Chinese government agencies Notice prohibiting streamers Live games that have not been given the green light by media regulators Signaling continued toughness towards the gaming industry in China, the National Radio and Television Agency, a regulator under Beijing, said all platforms are in the country. Live streaming of games that have not yet been licensed is strictly prohibited. The order from the National Radio and Television Agency includes live broadcasts of games or games from abroad, adding that streamers should oppose such irregularities, including the worship of celebrities Daniel Ahmad. A senior analyst at Niko Partners Research Center said that at this time, there are many games that have not been licensed by Chinese government regulators, but there are also a lot of games. In 2022, Elden Ring is one of the most popular games around the world, including China, with an average of 17.1 million views. In 2021, the Chinese government introduced new rules that limit the gaming time for youth under the age of 18 to play video games for 3 hours a week, as well as the disapproval of new game licenses for up to 9 months, before reissuing them earlier this week. Issued a game release license for the first time in 9 months Source: Reuters
Mark Zuckerberg empowers Whatsapp, focuses more on social apps|Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, today announced the addition of a new capability to Whatsapp, focusing on supporting a large number of users, both text and voice formats. Zuckerberg, CEO of Meta Announcing a new capability update to their popular chat application, WhatsApp, to make the application more social media. For example, a school can create a community by uniting users, where a group of users may be parents. For sending important documents or announcements from the school at the same time. If it is a group of restaurants, the rooms can be separated into different groups according to the position of duty in the restaurant, which is supervised by the administrator. Discord or Slack. What's added to WhatsApp includes the addition of a reaction button to express how your friend is sending messages, support for larger document files, support for group voice calls of 32 people, admins being able to delete all messages, and silently leaving groups.
Scott Kelly Former NASA astronaut launches NFT sales proceeds to Ukraine|Scott Kelly Former NASA astronauts (NASA) release a special collection in NFT format, with net proceeds from the sale of digital art going to those affected by the invasion of Ukraine by Russian Scott. Kelly The former NASA astronaut, who spent 340 days aboard the International Space Station during russia's invasion of Ukraine's sovereignty, was a former astronaut. Scott Kelly has also expressed his disapproval of the recent invasion of his neighbours. Scott Kelly has launched an NFT art collection with the intention of providing 100 percent of its net income to nonprofits to help those affected by the war in Ukraine. Titled his NFT work Dreams Out of This World, Postcards from Space Collection has a total of 3,336 creations created by Orange Comet. In addition, many of the works appear in this collection. The Dreams Out of This World, Postcards from Space Collection will be available on the OpenSea website, each with a limited purchase period.
Apple begins testing M2 chipset, enhancing capabilities for new MacBook Pro and MacBook Air|Apple has begun testing the new Apple M2 chipset with third-party applications. Before preparing to upgrade to macBook Pro, MacBook Air and Mac mini computers, Bloomberg's Mark German reported that in developer logs, Apple is testing at least nine new chipsets with third-party applications. This makes it unlikely that the new Apple M2 chipset will be seen on MacBook Air 2022 computers, which is expected to be a redesign for the first time in years after Apple. It decided to part ways with Intel, a major chipset manufacturer, several years ago. Apple has gone ahead and created its own chipset. For use on Mac family computers, which has received positive feedback, the interesting thing is that the Mac computer business in recent times. There is a relatively slow growth. But after the covid-19 pandemic. For the past 2 years Instead, the division earned Apple $35 billion in revenue in the last fiscal year, accounting for 10 percent of Apple's total revenue. MacBook Pro is available in the M2 Pro and M2 Max chipsets, as well as the Mac mini, which will support the Apple M2 chip as well. Declined to comment on this report by Bloomberg Source: Bloomberg
"Dr. Yong" Children who have received two doses of the vaccine should be stimulated with mRNA.|"Dr. Yong" Children who have received 2 doses of the vaccine should be stimulated with mRNA at least 1 month away and are open for volunteer research on April 19, 2022. Head of The Center for Clinical Virology Department of Pediatrics Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University Yong Poovorawan posted on Facebook that he is open to registering and accepting volunteers to participate in research studies. 3 (Pfizer) in children who have received 2 doses of the vaccine. There has been a significant increase in infections among children, and there will be more outbreaks during the school year. Children need to be vaccinated to prevent the severity of the disease. Children who have received two doses of Sinovac or Sinopharm vaccines should receive a booster dose. 3 With mRNA vaccines to stimulate immunity to rise and stay longer. 3 Should be stimulated at least 1 month away from the 2nd dose. Effects of needle stimulation 3 With Pfizer vaccine, children aged 5 - 11 years who have received 2 doses of Sinovac or Sinopharm vaccine will be asked for an immunity test before and after vaccination, and the result will be notified to their parents. This research project has been approved by the Human Research Ethics Committee, Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University for volunteers. Must have the following qualifications: SPONSORED for any parent If you wish to participate in the program, you can fill out an application form. Here from Yong Poovorawan's Facebook page
Facebook reduces interest in podcasts Fighting TikTok|Facebook downgrades interest in podcasts Having been one of Facebook's targets before. It returned to focus on competing with TikTok last year. As the clubhouse application trend is heating up, Facebook has announced ways to add more tools to support audio content. This includes support for podcast features, but it seems that interest in podcasts or audio content support has decreased in 2018. 2022 Bloomberg News Report Facebook is in the process of re-prioritizing its business by reducing its focus or focus on podcasts and instead focusing on partnerships with partners. So far, it has not been revealed which partners it is clear that Facebook's main mission at this time is to compete in the short video business, with TikTok as their main competitor. The fact that CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg announced a rebranding from Facebook to Meta to take the company into a metaverse company is far from the way it used to support audio content like podcasts. IN ADDITION, THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE CANCELLATION OF THE F8 DEVELOPER SEMINAR BECAUSE META WANTS TO FOCUS ON THE METAVERSE. Spotify and Apple remain key players while broadcasting audio. Although the market has already cooled down, the overall market capitalization of the clubhouse brand is still as much as $4 billion, with Twitter, a service called Twitter Spaces, as its main competitor: Bloomberg.
Former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has opened up criticising the work of the board of directors.|Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter, criticized the work of Twitter's board of directors. On the takeover issue of Elon Musk, Jack Dorsey, a former Twitter boss, attacked the work of Twitter's board of directors (boards) as a result of the Twitter takeover. On April 14th, however, in the end, The Board of Directors has used poisoned methods, blocked the takeover for at least a year, criticizing Jack's Twitter board of directors. Dorsey is an interesting issue because he is also on the Board of Directors. Attacking the operation, Dorsey said it was an ongoing anomaly. He also quoted in Silicon Valley as saying that a good board of directors doesn't make a good company, but a bad board of directors. It can be destructive to the company at any time from the above points, there are Twitter users. Asked back to Dorsey if all of these tweets had been approved by the committee, he said: HE WILL SIT ON THE BOARD UNTIL THE END OF MAY AND DOES NOT WISH TO WORK AS ONE OF THE NEXT BOARD OF DIRECTORS, ELON MUSK TWEETED TO TWITTER'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN THE SAME WAY AS JACK DORSEY, SAYING THAT IF HE SUCCEEDS IN BUYING TWITTER, HE WILL BE ABLE TO DO SO. The board's salary will be $0, which means the company will save as much as $3 million a year. Elon Musk also tweeted attacks on Twitter's board of directors. On the issue of whether each Twitter board has a small share of Twitter. If not counting Dorsey, which has a 2.2 percent stake, then then each decision of the Board of Directors will be made. It may not reflect the actual needs of shareholders. Jack Dorsey has not commented directly on Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter, but has expressed his delight at seeing Elon Musk join the Board of Directors, which Musk later declined to join.
Apple union group filed a claim for a $30 per hour wage increase.|Apple Store employees at Grand Central have called for workers' rights in various areas, including asking for hourly price increases. The Fruit Stand Workers United union was formed in early 2022 with reasons for establishing a union for workers' rights. A spokesman for Apple said apple is willing to offer full-time and part-time employee compensation and benefits, including health care, tuition, additional leave for employees to care for newborn children, and more. Employees must compile a list of at least 30 percent of employees from the Grand Central branch, then submit it to the National Labor Relations Board, which is an important step before filing a complaint with the union, and then entering the employee voting process, which requires more than 50 percent of the votes to officially certify the union status. As a result, employees must reconsider their work risks and benefits at the same time as they seek a minimum wage hike for Apple Store employees. Verizon, a mobile phone retailer, announced a minimum wage hike for employees to $20 per hour.
Samsung plans to test smartphones, stretch screens and transparent display screens.|Samsung is in the process of testing its new smartphones, including long-screen smartphones and high-transparency smartphones. Samsung has found documents submitted to the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) showing the structure of a smartphone that stretches the screen. Not only that. There is also a transparent screen section, which is why Samsung chose to test the new smartphone. Partly because they may be preparing for the future of augmented reality or AR technology in the smartphone business, Samsung is considered to be a smartphone manufacturer that uses laboratory-derived technology to develop several commercial smartphones. Galaxy Z Fold3 and Galaxy Z Flip3, for example, have led to other smartphone manufacturers starting to divert into this market. In the near future, it may see giants such as Apple and Google joining the band, however, all of this is still just a concept, which in the end may not develop a product as a smartphone for commercial release either.sponsored Source: SamMobile, WIPO
Analysts believe the iPhone 14 enhances the front-facing camera's AF capabilities, supporting live events and selfies.|The iPhone 14, Apple's flagship smartphone, is scheduled to launch in September. Prepare to add the AF of the front camera to please the Ming-Chi Kuo selfie lovers. Prominent analysts with a line in Apple's product line believe that the iPhone, Apple's latest flagship smartphone, the iPhone 14, will enhance the AF capabilities of the front camera and a wider aperture. The main purpose is to please people who like to take selfies at night. Celebrity analysts believe Apple has a chance to get rid of notches on the iPhone 14. It may only start on the iPhone 14 Pro, Apple's expensive smartphone lineup, and instead switch to a hole-punch front-facing camera. It's a tough design, but it's unlikely to be a big problem for a company like Apple. In fact, its main competitor, Samsung, especially in the Galaxy S22 model, has an AF front-facing camera. It also has a hole-punch design. It goes on to explain that the enhancement of front-facing photography is not only available on the iPhone 14 Pro model, but also in all four iPhone 14 models, which is a little unusual because Apple has always raised the pro shooting feature.
Canalys reports a decline in smartphone shipments, but Apple and Samsung have increased their market share.|Global smartphone shipments in the first quarter of 2022 were not particularly scorching, with shipments falling by 11 percent. Compared to the same period last yearCanalys. Technology Market Analysis Company Global smartphone shipments for the first quarter of 2022 were reported. Shipments shrink with three sequels It began with the invasion of Ukraine's sovereignty by Russia, the lockdown in China, and the problem of inflation. According to the Canalys survey, the market share of the two smartphone manufacturers, Samsung and Apple, increased in the first quarter of 2021. Samsung has a market share of 22 percent, but in the same period of 2022, Samsung's share has increased to 24 percent. On the other hand, Apple increased its share in the first quarter of 2022 by 18 percent, more than the same period last year, which held a share of 15 percent, strengthened by the popularity of iPhone 13 and iPhone SE (2022). Other smartphone manufacturers such as Xiaomi, OPPO, and Vivo have seen their market share decline. As a result of the chipset shortage, the situation is getting better. After a long period of trouble since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.Source: Canalys
Oppo Oppo Find X5 Pro 5G launches april 30 Price 39,990 Baht|Oppo Thailand OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G, another photography-focused smartphone, has announced the launch of the new OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G smartphone, in collaboration with Swedish camera manufacturer Hasselblad. Available April 30th at a price of 39,990 Mr. Chanon Jirayukul Chief Executive Officer, OPPO Thailand has said about the launch of the OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G in Thailand. The highlight is that OPPO developed its own chipset for the first time. The MariSilicon X chipset, derived from OPPO's design, will be added to new smartphones set to be released in the Find X5 Pro 5G camera series. It helps fine-tune both still and movie photography, with the selling point in terms of the result of the image having to match the colors that match nature. SPONSORED on other specifications of the OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G uses Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 CPU with a 5,000 mAh battery size that supports 80W SUPERVOOC charging. The OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G is 6.7 inches, it is an AMOLED display that supports more than one billion colors and has a maximum refresh rate of 120HzOPPO Find X5 Pro 5G, available on April 30 at a price of 39,990. The baht is hampered by a shortage of chipsets, which is happening all over the world. Is there a chance it will affect the number of models that will be available in Thailand? Mr. Chanont Explain that the models to be released will not reduce the number. Each model has the same number as it was released the previous year. However, it is necessary to adjust the release timeline slightly to match the global situation for the overall delivery of smartphones under the OPPO and OnePlus brands for Q1 of 2022. It has a market share of 10 percent, down slightly from the same period last year by just 1 percent.
Apple prepares to remove notch - Face ID under screen on iPhone 16, launching in 2024|The latest is about the iPhone 16, which will be released in 2024, as it was Apple's design to remove notches and put Face ID under the Ming-Chi Kuo screen. Celebrity Analyst The appeal of the iPhone 16 lies in the fact that Apple will put the front camera and Face ID under the screen for the high-end smartphone lineup, the iPhone 16 Pro. Apple is making efforts to improve camera performance every year from image signal processor (ISP) to digital image data and algorithms, for example, in the iPhone 14 segment, which is released this year. There's also the matter of hole-punch cameras before switching to under-display cameras in 2024SPONSORED Source: The Verge
Sony Thai Announces PlayStation 5 Pre-Order PS5 bookings open April 22. |Sony Thailand Revealed via Sony Thai fan page that the PlayStation 5 pre-order release date is set. Sony Thai's Facebook fan page announced the launch of the PlayStation 5 console on April 22 at 11:00 a.m. Through Sony's website, the available products are still limited and there are still two items to choose from: 1. PlayStation 5. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader with a DualSense wireless controller and an XR-55X90J TV priced at 50,490 BAHT2. Models with Ultra HD Blu-ray disc reader for 16,990 Baht Sony Thailand THE SPONSOREDSPONSORED ALSO STATED THAT THE SHIPMENT WILL COMMENCE FROM APRIL 29, 2022 ONWARDS.
Google rethinks its stance It is not allowed to develop conversation log applications in Android operating systems.|Google, the developer of the Android operating system, is preparing to revise its policies. Without allowing application developers Offers call log functionality on one user platform on Reddit, the world's most famous discussion board. The post mentions the new Play Store policy, which is scheduled to come into force on May 11. Google does not allow application developers to record conversations on the operating system. Android, though, isn't the first time Google has come up with a policy like this. During the release of the Android 10 update, Google considered that allowing conversations to be recorded was a violation of privacy. In many countries, there are different laws regarding recording conversations, and the changes in this section will only affect application developers who use the Accessibility API. Whether it's Samsung, Xiaomi or OnePlus, Google won't be affected. It states that the Accessibility API is not designed to request remote audio recording, and will further clarify this at the Developer Webinar.
Instagram downgrades visibility of shared content from TikTok|Instagram is preparing to reduce visibility of content on Reels if the content is shared by competitors like TikTok. Creators who create content on Instagram need to know. When Instagram is changing the visibility of content, especially short video content, it must be original in order to be adapted to the user's vision. Due to the fact that quite a bit of content on Reels is shared from TikTok, some from Twitter, Instagram wants to encourage users to create original content from the TikTok feature. However, there are still issues that Instagram needs to keep thinking about. In the event that an original content creator wants to bring their own content from Twitter or TikTok to Instagram, will this type of content affect the creator's visibility? Instagram is trying to say that they have the tools to become creators without the need to bring external content to the Instagram platform. In addition to the changes in Reels, Instagram has also changed the way brands are tagged on posts for all users, called Product Tags and Enhanced Tags, to help explain the identity of the user.
OnlyFans temporarily suspends creator accounts in Russia|Russian creator OnlyFans account has been temporarily suspended, mainly due to a ban from the Transfer Fans financial system provider. A well-known platform, popular as an adult content platform. It discusses the important issue of temporarily suspending the user community in Russia as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine's sovereignty. Services in Russia must be temporarily suspended at this time because the restrictions on financial service providers are more stringent on Russian and Ukrainian issues. As a result, it had to temporarily suspend operations on Russian accounts with a system of earning money with The Leyfan Transfer in late February. This was the beginning of Russia's special military operations against Ukraine. Fonlifans blocked users in Russia from accessing the platform before finding a way to fix the payment gateway until it could be used and serviced normally again afterwards. Onelifans are one of the few Western services that are still available in Russia. Finally, it had to announce another temporary cessation of services in Russia.
Elon Musk confirms $465 billion in capital and grabs Twitter to manage|Tesla CEO Elon Musk has revealed that he has enough funds to pour over Twitter, with sources of funds derived from both loans from financial institutions and private securities. When the documents that Elon Musk must prepare must be submitted to the U.S. stock exchange, tesla CEO Expressed confidence that he had the funds to actually file the overtake. Elon Musk has collected $465 billion, including $255 billion in loans from Morgan Stanley financial institutions, as well as funding from financial institutions such as Bank of America, Barclays and MUFG Bank from Japan. So there's a great chance to see him come back and make another offer on Twitter. But this visit may come in a softer manner than the previous one: NPR.
Russian government retaliates against Western nations, announces sanctions on Mark Zuckerberg and Kamala Harris|Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia Announcing a ban on celebrities from various circles in the United States Whether it's politics, business, etc. Entering Russia, a report from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia. It lists high-ranking figures from political circles, businessmen, and media outlets from the United States. Entry to Russia is prohibited. Especially in the list of journalists that the Russian authorities see as It helped to stir up the hatred of Russia. Includes: Kamala Harris, the first female vice president of the United States, followed by Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, Ryan Roslanski, CEO of LinkedIn, etc. Enter Mark's list Zuckerberg is one of those banned from entering Russia. That shouldn't be uncommon, as Zuckerberg is the co-founder and CEO of Facebook. Facebook, a company that has been directly opposed to the Russian government since the start of the special military operationSPONSORED but a little surprising: the Russian Foreign Ministry. Linkin's CEO Ryan Roslanski is one of the banned people from entering the country. Government of Russia Reconciliation with other social media providers Twitter and Google, for example, do not include the names of twitter's top executives and Google on the list of entry bans. This is an extension of Russia's blocking of western platforms, particularly its failure to follow the guidelines outlined by the Russian government on the dissemination of information and the classification of real or fake news. Technology companies, including those from the United States and the West, have closed their offices and ceased operations in Russia. Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia
European Union Prepare to enact USB-C as a standard electronic port|The European Union hopes to expand the scope for electronics manufacturers to use USB-C as a central standard port to reduce environmental pollution. Propose another level of measures In September 2021, the European Union proposed to standardize devices for smartphones and tablets. European Parliament members voted 43 to 2 to approve the expansion of USB-C ports as a central standard to other devices such as laptops, portable game consoles, cameras and other future devices in the field of smartphones. It explains that because they take environmental standards into account, consumers have to buy multiple chargers. For many devices, it has a huge impact on the generation of e-waste. In addition, the absence of a central standard may allow manufacturers to limit the ecosystem of charging devices. Usb-C enforcement proposals as a central standard would ignore devices that are too small, such as smart watches, fitness trackers, and similar devices. In addition to this, members of the European Parliament have proposed that the Commission take the same measures as wireless charging, which is becoming one of the most widespread technologies, to avoid the problem of e-waste. As has happened with smartphones and tablets, the EU will now allow a vote on this proposal in May. If all goes well, European Parliament members will start talking to EU member states about further action. Source: Android AuthoritySPONSORED
Twitter CEO confirms no layoffs at this time|Current Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal has expressed his opinion after Elon Musk's Twitter takeover is imminent, reassuring employees that there are no plans for layoffs, but the future cannot be predicted. Tesla is on the verge of draining at $44 billion as the takeover approaches. It's no surprise that Twitter employees have expressed concern about the unpredictable situation of both the company and its own status in this respect. Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal has pledged that layoffs are not happening at this time. But he also didn't know what the direction and the future would be like afterwards. If the takeover is completed, there is a strong chance that Elon Musk will replace the new chief executive of the organization since the news of the takeover of Twitter in mid-April. In particular, Musk's desire to change Twitter in many sectors has made employees feel bad about this takeover. Musk insists he wants to make the platform a platform for freedom of expression. It also wants Twitter's algorithm to be in a verifiable state for Musk's Twitter takeover. All processes are expected to be completed later this year.
Twitter prepares for takeover offer from Elon Musk |Elon Musk's Twitter takeover seems to have changed positively for Tesla CEO. (Tesla) more When the news broke that Twitter was ready to accept the offer, several foreign news outlets were present. Twitter's board of directors reports. It is considering a $43 billion offer to buy Elon Musk's company, according to international media reports. The board of directors' stance has weakened, he said. Following receiving a new offer from Elon Musk and thoroughly disclosing the source of funding for the acquisition of Twitter, the report said twitter's board of directors held a meeting on Sunday, local time in the United States. Elon Musk's offer was followed by a conversation with Tesla's CEO and co-founder the next morning. To continue to discuss in-depth details, although the takeover situation has a positive direction towards Elon. Interestingly, it must be said that this Twitter takeover by Elon Musk has come a long way because in the early stages of the takeover, the board's stance did not require a takeover, including taking financial measures to prevent takeover by poison pillSPONSORED.
Twitter uses source code locking measures. Prevent unauthorized changes|Twitter has imposed strict measures after Elon Musk's takeover of the company by locking the source code to prevent employees from making unauthorized changes. Bloomberg news agency reported that after responding to Elon Musk's $44 billion twitter takeover, it affected more than 7,000 Twitter employees. This includes the status of CEO Parak Agrawal. As a result, Twitter had to lock the source code to prevent the company's employees from making changes. Modify or delete source code that negatively affects the Twitter platform. He declined to comment on Elon Musk's Twitter takeover at this time, pending consideration between shareholders and regulators. All processes will be completed by the end of this year, and there may be major changes in the workforce.SPONSORED Source: Bloomberg
Apple notifies developers of outdated applications Chances of being deleted in 30 days|Apple has launched an app store cleaning operation to clean up outdated and undated applications for a long time, and apps in this group are likely to be deleted within 30 days in recent days. The app developer, who developed the app for Apple on the app store platform, has revealed it on his personal social media. To Apple notifications In the event that an application developed by a developer, but without updates or movements for a long time, is deleted within the last 30 days, Apple is continuing its efforts to clean up the App Store. ANNOUNCING A POLICY TO REMOVE APPLICATIONS THAT ARE INACTIVE FOR A SPECIFIED PERIOD OF TIME CAN HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON INDEPENDENT APPLICATION DEVELOPERS AND SMALL APPLICATION DEVELOPERS WHO MAY NOT HAVE ENOUGH RESOURCES TO UPDATE THEIR APPLICATIONS CONTINUOUSLY. Specifically, checking if a framework or technology is being used that will not be supported by Apple in future versions of the iOS operating system. Source: TechCrunch
Meta prepares to open its first retail storefront, showcasing metaverse innovations|Meta announced the opening of its first retail store in Burlingames, California, on May 9 after announcing a rebranding from Facebook to meta, paving the way for the metaverse. Here's another interesting move by Meta: the announcement of the opening of the first meta-branded retail store inside the store. There is a space to sell various hardware products, ranging from Meta Portal, Meta Quest, to glasses that come from a collaboration between Meta and Ray-Ban Stories. This is a very important guideline for Meta and Mark. Zuckerberg, who is the CEO of meta's retail opening company, is not uncommon. Because of bringing people into the metaverse. It's essential to have hardware equipment, which is why meta has its own retail storefront. You can see it from Google's operation, which started retail operations last year for meta retailers to open on May 9.
Meta reveals Metaverse business with latest loss of $2.96 billion I'm sure this trend will come in 2030.|Meta released its first quarter 2022 results, showing a slight increase in user traffic. While the Metaverse business suffered a loss of nearly $3 billion, it was a loss that was reflected in meta's estimates. The parent company Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram released its first quarter 2022 results, marking the second meta-nominated earnings announcement. After last year's rebranding, what's interesting from this round of meta earnings announcements? There are quite a lot of issues. Let's start with Facebook's daily active users. Last quarter fell for the first time in 18 years, but this quarter saw a slight increase from 1.92 billion to 1.96 billion. Of course, in Mark's view, Zuckerberg, CEO Meta Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp are no longer the company's main products. It is paving all roads towards the metaverse. However, all three applications are considered to be the company's strong foundation for a steady focus on the metaverse in the first quarter of 2022. However, this loss figure is already in meta's assessment because they had previously predicted that reality labs would continue to lose money as building a metaverse platform requires high capital. Zuckerberg said profitability from the metaverse won't happen until these products hit the market. The cost of equipment development has been adjusted to be cheaper. When that time comes. At the same time, Mark Zuckerberg spoke of Facebook's revenue not meeting its target this quarter, despite a 7 percent increase in revenue from the same period last year. In addition, Reels, one of the features of the Instagram application, cloned from TikTok, found an interesting growth direction. 20 percent of Instagram users use Reels and 50 percent of their time on Facebook.
DES launches 6G roadmap by 2030 in line with EEC Economic Corridor|DES moves forward with 6G by 2030 in line with the EEC Economic Corridor project and empowers Thailand's telecommunications to transition to a digital economy and space development on April 27, 2022. Miss KALAYA RUNGVIJITCHAI Chairman of the Communications Commission The Ministry of Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (DES) said in a statement in midweek: The Commission held a seminar on "Trends Toward Space and 6G Era: Challenges and Opportunities" at the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) to raise awareness of the trends in modern information technology changes in the digital age, including the impact of change. Development of aerospace technology to adapt and cope with the upcoming changes, as well as apply 6G technology in production planning. Control and direct the use of community resources. Sponsored Ms. Kalaya continued that Thailand is currently developing telecommunications capabilities with 5G technology to support the transition to a digital economy driven by digital technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), unloaded vehicles, drones, etc. Meanwhile, the direction of technology development abroad is the invention of 6G technology, which is the use of limited wave resources combined with AI to create a stable communication efficiency without boundaries. With the price of telecommunications network costs decreasing. This affects the use of technology to add value to economic activities in various aspects, which affects the overall development of the country. Deputy Vice President, DES said that technology is now in the context of global society. It is moving towards the fusion of both terrestrial and space communication technologies, such as small satellite systems that help expand the telecommunications network at a reduced cost. Cloud computing using satellites in the space sector, which saves energy consumption on earth, for example. It's not. The fusion of telecommunications technology with satellite technology produces boundless communication at speeds with reduced contract latency. A digital society has emerged. Developing better products and services, such as providing faster onboard internet services at lower prices. "Communication is transforming with 6G, and by 2030, there will be a link between space (satellites). Drone Aviation Airplane & Mobile I serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security. Try to push forward and present a roadmap in line with the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) development project to attract the world's leading technology companies. Invest in R&D centers and product design centers that are more than smart cities and make Thailand competitive in the world of artificial intelligence. to space ventures that will inevitably have an impact on competition in the near future." Dr. Sethapong said. Lt. Col. Dr. Jesada Sivarak, a qualified person from Ericsson (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and an expert in 5G and 6G technology, gave a lecture on the topic "Transformation to 6G", saying that if you look back at the evolution of communication technology, you will see that there will be changes every 10 years, such as 3G in 2000, before entering the 4G era in 2010 and the 5G era in 2020. It's not just sound and visuals or frequencies, but smells, tastes, touches. Focus on a safe life that meets the needs of people and society. Without significant linkage restrictions, the link device may not be a computer. mobile phone A smartphone, but it may be an immersive format. 3D holograms, glasses, electric cars and must be eco-friendly technology. "IN 2026, THERE WILL BE MORE OR MORE 40% OF MOBILE USERS WILL USE 5G, AND IN THE FUTURE, WHEN WE ENTER THE 6G ERA, THERE WILL BE TALK OF END-TO-END SAFETY. Factories have been affected by the infection of workers and slowed down production targets. The order was disrupted, the factory owners began to take lessons and invest in robots instead of manpower, to reduce the risk. Lt. Col. Dr. Jesada said.
POCO unveils its latest flagship smartphone, POCO F4 GT.|POCO F4 GT features POCO Buds Pro Genshin Impact Edition headphones and POCO Watch, marking the first launch of the AIoT lineup. It supports a refresh rate of up to 120Hz, a 10-bit TrueColor display that POCO says can be used in both gaming and streaming viewing, and PWM Dimming protects the user's eyes during screen viewing from gaming or streaming for extended periods of time. Poco has introduced 120W HyperCharge fast charging technology, lab tests indicate that it can be fully charged in 17 minutes, the battery provided is 4,700mAh on the operating system, android 12 from the factory, covered by the MIUI 13 interface, the rear camera has 3 cameras: the main camera is 64 megapixels f/1.9, followed by an 8-megapixel f/2.2 ultra-wide camera, a 120-degree angle, a 2-megapixel f/2.4 macro camera, and a 20-megapixel wide-angle camera. f/2.4 For the POCO F4 GT's release colors, available in three colors: Stealth Black, Knight Silver and Cyber Yellow, POCO has released a special edition of the POCO Buds Pro Genshin Impact Edition wireless headphones, a collaboration with the popular Genshin game. With the KleeSPONSORED character notification feature, the internal feature has automatic noise cancellation based on the ambient noise level in the user's daily routine. It also has an in-ear detection feature. The headphones pause the sound when removed and wear IPX4 waterproof technology. For fitness enthusiasts Health tracking features available On the 1.6-inch AMOLED touchscreen. Over 100 workout modes are supported, followed by a sleep monitoring function. At the launch of POCO, poco watch can be used for as long as 14 days on a full charge.
Elon Musk sells Tesla shares for over 140 billion baht|Tesla CEO Elon Musk has decided to sell 4.4 million tesla shares for more than $4 billion, or more than 140 billion baht. It has already created another buzz with the announcement of the sale of about 4.4 million tesla holdings, according to a document released Thursday local time in the United States. It covers 138 transactions. The trading value, as disclosed in the document, is approximately $4 billion. After the news came out. Elon Musk tweeted: There will be no further sale of Tesla shares of interest, that is, documents that Elon Musk filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. It has not been revealed why Musk's body is located. But it is possible that this money will be used as part of a $44 billion Twitter fundraiser.
Airbnb gives employees the green light to choose to work from any location. According to the Live and work anywhere policy|Airbnb, an online accommodation platform, remains dedicated to its "Live anywhere, work anywhere" policy. It allows employees to work from anywhere, from their own homes or in cities within the country as they wish, said Brian Chesky, CEO and co-founder of AIRBNB. "It's a great opportunity," he told employees on Thursday, local time. Before later going public To the issue of the workplace of airbnb chesky employees. After this, the company approved that employees could work from anywhere permanently. Whether it's working from home, working in an office, or even working from any city in the country where employees work. It's not. If an employee moves to a city where the cost of living is lower. The company also has no policy to lower wages. He said that having a flexible policy is a plus to give the company the opportunity to hire employees and retain good employees with the company. Employees who want to move their workplace abroad. Brian Chesky said the company has not been able to support this year because of complexity in many issues such as taxes and payroll. The company has a policy for employees to work anywhere 90 days a year, which is considered a policy that can be substituted for the needs of employees for all of AIRBNB's policies. It's a way they want to encourage employees to live from anywhere. As well as living, it is a policy of Live anywhere, work anywhere, finally sponsored Source: CNN
Snap unveils Pixy, a miniature drone, still and animated photography assistant|Snap, the developer of the Snapchat platform, has launched a new hardware device called Pixy, a small drone for still and motion photography. It was released in two countries: in the U.S. and France. CEO Snap discussed the launch of a new product called Pixy, which is a pocket-sized flying camera that can be used for adventures in a variety of areas of speede-gazing travel. Say that Pixy doesn't look like a regular drone that everyone sees until it's familiar. It's a drone that doesn't require control. No SD Card is required because it is designed to be easy to use. There are 4 types of flights: flying around the user or tracking when running or walking, etc. When the user wants to stop recording, put his hand under the drone, and then Pixy will automatically fall into the user's hands in terms of photo and video files. All are sent wirelessly to the smartphone, only that the default will initially be in the snapchat application. In the Snapchat Memories section, Pixy's specs allow 2.7K video to be shot at 12 megapixels. It weighs only 101 grams and the battery is interchangeable, with a single charge capable of recording 5-8 flights. Sponsored for Pixy, the pilot is available in two countries, France and the United States, for $229.99, equivalent to about 8 thousand Baht.
Intel CEO reassesses situation, chipset shortage drags on until 2024|Intel CEO Pat Glezinger has reassessed the chipset shortage that he believed could drag on until at least 2023 and has adjusted the timeline to last until 2024. Gelzinger looked in a worse direction. Overall, the semiconductor industry is likely to continue to be in short supply until 2024, from what was previously predicted to last until only 2023. He said that even the issue of chip shortages is a concern. But on the one hand, it doesn't affect all types of chipsets. Some industries may be less affected, others are heavily affected, in fact, in the Intel segment. It's been good in recent years, the first time in years that Intel has done well. THE SHORTAGE OF CHIPSETS THAT WILL DRAG ON UNTIL 2024 INCLUDES NOT ONLY PRODUCTS THAT REQUIRE CHIPSETS THAT USE CURRENT TECHNOLOGY, BUT ALSO NEW PRODUCTS COMING FROM NEW PRODUCTION LINES. The fact that manufacturers face significant production equipment constraints, which hinder production expansion, has caused problems in the process of chipset production. There is a different view of the shortage of chipsets, intel is one of the semiconductor manufacturers that has invested heavily during the COVID-19 pandemic. Several new factories have been set up in Ohio, Arizona and Germany. But it will take a long time for these factories to be ready to produce chipsets. The demand for chipsets is growing, respectively, as the world becomes increasingly digital. This makes the processor important, as can be seen from electronics ranging from smartphones, cars, and washing machines.
Elon Musk prepares to restructure Twitter, change management, and approach revenue|Elon Musk, the new owner of Twitter, shared plans and visions about Twitter under his management to convince financial institutions to lend money for the takeover, Twitter reported, citing internal sources about talking to financial institutions. Lending to Elon Musk's Twitter takeover, Elon Musk talks about his vision and plans. If twitter takeover succeeds Musk wants to reshape the company's management plan. It is planned to reduce the cost of meeting premiums and money to be paid to the Board of Directors in order to reduce the cost of Twitter, which is said to be worth up to $3 million per year. In this section, Musk told financial institutions that Twitter has a very low profit compared to social media platforms like Facebook or Pinterest, but still believes that the space for increasing revenue still exists, such as earning money from important or viral tweets to charging additional fees. If a website wants to use quote tweets or embed tweets of celebrities or important people, etc., sponsored by Musk mentioned above, it can be seen that Twitter's monetization guidelines. In Elon Musk's time, he has been trying to reduce his reliance on advertising revenue, to earn money from other channels on Twitter. The source said. Musk said he would not take any action until he took over the company, which will be completed later this year in the CEO section, which is now the position of Parag Agrawal.
Spanish Prime Minister's Mobile Targeted by Pegasus spyware|Government of Spain Pedro Sanchez's cell phone was revealed. The country's prime minister was the target of Pegasus spyware by NSO Group, which claimed the software was used only by government agencies to track terrorism in a press conference on Monday morning local time in Spain. It was revealed that Pedro Sanchez Prime Minister of Spain It was targeted by spyware, which was sucked between May and June 2021, the report said. The defense minister was also affected by the pegasus spyware spying at this time. Further investigation is underway into the Spanish government's cabinet. Whether or not spyware was also targeted, the issue was revealed. It comes amid questions raised by the Spanish government over whether Pegasus spyware has been used to track the mobile phones of dozens of Catalan independence activists in the past. NSO Group, the developer of pegasus spyware. It has always been confirmed that this software was developed for the purpose of investigating terrorist incidents and crime prevention for the latest pegasus spyware issues. The NSO Group has confirmed that it will investigate software misuse and is cooperating with the Spanish government to investigate the issue. In mid-2021, it was revealed by Forbidden Stories, a non-profit media organization, and its media partners. Pegasus has tracked the journalist's mobile phone. Human rights activists, including lawyers around the world, have led U.S. authorities to ban it, as well as private companies like Apple and Amazon, from accounts linked to spyware.
Twitter employees expressed concern over the uncertainty of the company. Under the management of Elon Musk|Many Twitter employees are concerned about job security, especially in the era of Elon Musk, Twitter's CEO Parag Agrawal. Open for meetings of employees of the whole company. On Friday, local time in the U.S. Of course, the key topic of this discussion was the takeover of the company under Elon's leadership. Musk, the issue that many employees have raised questions to the CEO, is the subject of the company's response plan in the event of a large number of employee resignations. As soon as Elon Musk stepped foot in the executive firm, he responded to the question above, saying that the matter would be monitored seriously, but at this time it was too early to say whether musk's acquisition agreement was signed. During the meeting, Agrawal urged employees to be optimistic about the changes under the new leader. The company may have a lot of things better afterwards, one of the employees sent the question directly to Parak. Agrawal said he was tired of hearing about the value of shareholders and trust, but what he was interested in now was what management thought about the fact that more employees wouldn't have jobs. Once the acquisition is completed, this issue will be resolved. Agrawal replied that Twitter has always cared about its employees and will continue to do so. IN ADDITION, ORGANIZATIONS CALLED TWITTER IN THE FUTURE WILL CONTINUE TO BE INTERESTED IN THE IMPACT ON THE PLANET AND ITS USERS. Management said at the meeting that the employee turnover rate had not changed much. Compared to before the news of Elon Musk's arrival, however. On the issue of layoffs to reduce company costs, Elon Musk spoke to financial institutions, which lend Musk money for twitter takeovers, with sources reiterating that Musk would not take any action until he acquired full ownership of Twitter at the same time. Twitter employees told management they were concerned about Elon Musk's unrelenting behavior. That could shake Twitter's business and hurt the company's financial position later on as a matter of communication and corporate image. Personette The owner is Twitter's head of customer relations. The company said it will communicate with customers to reassure them that the way Twitter services remain the same. When The Guardian news agency claimed that there were employees of Twitter. He told a Reuters reporter that he was hardly convinced of what the executives had told them, adding that CEO Parak Agrawal would receive a huge sum of $42 million. If he is removed within 12 months of all issues, Twitter has refused to comment further in the past, with Elon Musk continuing to raise concerns that he disagrees with censorship, which blocks expression, to suggesting that Twitter should have end-to-end encryption in the Direct Message (DM) feature, raising concerns that criminals or extremists commit crimes more easily.
Facebook removed all podcasts and audio features due to policy changes.|Facebook decided to unplug the development of all podcast features and audio functionality from the platform on June 3, dating back to last year, when the audio platform became very popular. After a year of the clubhouse trend, Twitter, Facebook and Spotify paid a lot of attention to this type of content. and all kinds of audio services in the podcast section. Users will no longer be able to add new content to the platform this week while the service called Soundbites will be shut down in the coming weeks, and the Live Audio Rooms service will be integrated with the Facebook Live service. But meta's changing policies led them to end this service, according to Bloomberg. SOME FACEBOOK PARTNERS ARE DISAPPOINTED WITH THE METASPONSORED APPROACH. Meta It also wants to be number one in the short video business, with its own products as Reels and TikTok as its main competitor, Meta said during its first quarter 2022 earnings report and the second time it reported earnings under meta name. According to the report, 20 percent of Instagram users use Reels and 50 percent of their time on Facebook.
European Union Start testing social media The selling point focuses on the issue of personal information.|Meanwhile, Twitter is about to become Elon Musk's private company. The European Union (EU) is testing new alternative social media platforms similar to Twitter and YouTube, which are called EU Voice and EU Video.The EU has used Mastodon's opensource to create EU Voice, while EU Video has used peertube's open source to develop social media platforms. In addition, the platform will not have ads, in order to tighten the user's personal information, there is also a few interesting points about Mastodon, the initial open source of EU Voice, which was revealed by Eugen Rochko, the founder of the Mastodon platform. There are concerns about Musk's arrival.
Elon Musk reveals he wants to mold Twitter into the mainstream American social media.|Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Twitter owner Reveals Desire to Develop Twitter into a Mainstream Social Network Speaking to reporters at the Red Carpet of the Met Gala in New York, Twitter said it was "niche" and wanted to see more growth among American users. Current Twitter, which has about 40 million daily active users in the U.S., said he would make Twitter more transparent. Especially when it comes to algorithms, so that everyone can see which tweets are rated important and which tweets are downgraded. The reporter asked Musk. His visit to Twitter could lead to the resignation of many employees, Musk insisted. If they don't feel comfortable. Source: ReutersSPONSORED
Elon Musk considers charging Twitter account fees for commercial use.|Elon Musk says new Twitter owner Be prepared to consider charging a small user fee for commercial Twitter accounts, including government agencies, this could be the latest hint at the development of Twitter in the Elon Musk era. If the acquisition of Twitter is successful, according to the latest revelations of the Tesla CEO, the company will be able to make a decision. Twitter said it will continue to be free to use for regular users. Such an approach is one of the ways that Twitter in the era of Elon Musk's administration, which will arrive soon, is preparing to take action in pursuit of new ways of generating income. After he managed Twitter, he was able to generate revenue and reduce costs. Elon Musk has agreed to buy Twitter for $44 billion, divided into $21 billion in personal funds from Musk and $125 billion in loans from financial institutions. Elon Musk is set to send a letter inviting Elon Musk to talk about his "in-depth" management of Twitter. Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
New York Times Tens of millions more active users From the heat of Wordle games|The New York Times reported first-quarter 2022 results. The New York Times reported that the popular first quarter 2022 results revealed that the popular viral game brought tens of millions of new users to the New York Times website, an unprecedented number even though Wordle under the management of the New York Times is free. There is no charge for playing the game. But the fact that more people come to Wordle each day is enough for the New York Times to take the opportunity to offer other games they have, such as Spelling Bee, which became a new door that led to the decision to subscribe to the New York Times Games, which costs $5 per month or if paid annually at $40 per year.
Researchers experimented with creating a device that allowed the wearer to kiss in the Metaverse world.|The impossible may be possible. When the researchers experimented with creating a device that allowed the wearer to feel kissing. Even in the metaverse world, the metaverse. A world that is seriously awakened under Mark's bell ringing. Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Facebook before rebranding to Meta, was known to be a virtual world, so many things can't be done compared to the real world. It seems that scientists are trying to break down this limitation. The experiment was the work of Future Interfaces Group, which has the idea of creating human-computer interaction technologies through wearables such as virtual reality or VR devices. Scientists have used ultrasonic codecs in VR devices, although this technology is still at a far cry from reality, but it can allow wearers to imagine couples living in a virtual world, and there is little chance that this concept will gain popularity. If the metaverse is born, then it is successful. A team of researchers at Future Interfaces Group presented a touch felt through the mouth, lips and tongue. IN THE FORM OF A HAUNTING ADVENTURE GAME WITH SPIDERS, SPONSORED IN THAT EXPERIMENT. The testers felt their lips walking through the creepy cobwebs, and some jumped on their faces. Other tests include drinking water from fountains, sipping coffee, brushing teeth and smoking. The future interfaces group's approach is very interesting because the metaverse and virtual world is now focused on offering a 360-degree visual interface and hand-and-sound control.
Sequoia, Binance and Oracle founder help Elon Musk take to Twitter |The issue of twitter takeover continues to be interesting. It was recently revealed that the acquisition of Elon Musk was funded by a group of nearly two dozen investors. It is well known that Elon Musk took over Twitter worth a total of $44 billion, divided into money derived from financial institutions and personal funds of Elon Musk himself, according to additional disclosed data from Elon Musk, which was reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In this Twitter takeover, 18 investors helped Elon Musk complete the acquisition. Musk is regarded as a highly renowned investor, led by Larry Ellison. Oracle co-founded a $1 billion venture through a fund called Lawrence J. Ellison Revocable Trust. It's not surprising, because Ellison has been in the past. Musk has always been said to be his friend, and Ellison sits on Tesla's board of directors, followed by Binance, the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange platform. It has contributed $500 million, Fidelity Management, a multinational financial institution, which has invested approximately $316 million, and Sequoia Capital, the company behind funding many startups. Interestingly, from Elon Musk's list of financial sponsors, this means that Musk has a reserve ready to provide financial support, and the Twitter takeover deal is still flowing. There is no chance of stumbling down at once. Elon Musk has opened talks with Twitter's existing majority shareholders, one of whom is former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, to swap shares for a new company for a Twitter takeover. It is expected to be completed later this year, and Elon Musk is expected to take over the interim CEO chair before handing over the position to the next person Musk deems appropriate.
Meta blames Apple for privacy policy delaying hiring plans in 2022|Meta decided to delay further employment plans for the rest of 2022, arguing that it was due to changes to Apple's privacy policy. (Apple), Business Insider reports. Meta's internal documents were sent to all employees, he said. The company's projects in the short and medium term have been discussed and must be reconsidered. That's because the company's growth is less than what it set out in the document. David Wehner Chief Financial Officer of Meta It blamed Apple's App Tracking Transparency (ATT) policy, which slowed the company's revenue growth in the recently announced first quarter of 2022. When the revenue does not meet the previously set target. As a result, Meta will have to delay new employment plans for the remainder of 2022, however, Wehner is optimistic that Meta has a chance to get through those problems. In particular, the integration of artificial intelligence (AI) to help businesses reduce losses already incurred by Apple's ATT policy. While running iOS, choosing not to be tracked will be difficult for meta immediately because they can't identify ad assignments to that user.sponsored However, Meta used to buy ads in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and Washington. Post pointing out that Apple's ATT policy It has a devastating effect on small businesses, and they may have to shut down Apple. Led by Tim Cook, the company's CEO defended the ATT policy and considered it the right direction for the company because it protects the privacy of its users. But ATT gives users more choices Source: Business Insider
A former WhatsApp executive regrets selling the app to Facebook.|A former chief executive of WhatsApp has opened up about the mistake of selling the business to Facebook, with the current status of the app being just a shadow of what they once created. Arora The former chief business officer of WhatsApp has expressed regret that his former company has gone into the hands of Mark. In 2014, Arora said that during the negotiations, Facebook, now Meta, promised the WhatsApp team the freedom to develop its products, including a pledge not to push advertising systems into chat apps and more. In 2018, Jan Koom, another co-founder of WhatsApp, and Neraj's character. Arora eventually decided to quit Facebook in Arora's opinion. He thinks it's true that WhatsApp is the second largest platform after Facebook, but today's WhatsApp now leaves only a shadow of what they've created together, and it's not just him who regrets that it's become part of FacebookSPONSORED now. WhatsApp has increasingly transformed from a chat app to a social media service through the addition of features like Stories, as well as expanding borders to shopping and payment apps. For reasons of mismatch in perspective, the founder of Oculus has similar problems every year. Meta has acquired a company that is always promising. Therefore, the story of the resignation of the founder of a company that was bought by Facebook is constantly circulating.
Bill Gates is not confident in Elon Musk, pointing out Twitter has a worse chance of getting worse after the acquisition.|Bill Gates, co-founder and former CEO of Microsoft, said during one of the summits, organised by Wall. The Street Journal admitted that it was unsure of Elon Musk's handling of the Twitter company after the summit, hosted by The Wall Street Journal, invited celebrities to talk, including billionaire and former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates. Bill Gates has spoken about the $44 billion acquisition of Twitter by Elon Musk. At the same time, Twitter has a problem spreading misinformation on its platform. Musk went on to say that Musk has had a great track record of managing the company previously, particularly the work of SpaceX and Tesla, which were able to bring together great engineers in those companies. WHEN BILL GATES WAS ASKED IF MUSK'S GOAL OF ACQUIRING Twitter and his efforts to promote freedom of expression as Musk had claimed, the issue was unreasonable. Gates asked how he felt about something appearing on Twitter. When it is said that vaccines are killing people, or Bill Gates is stalking people, what is Musk's goal ultimately, how much is the extremist falsehood and strange conspiracy theories? Has he talked about this kind of goal? The issue raised by Bill Gates is because in the past there has been distorted information about the vaccine spreading throughout the social media world, and there have been some cases where people have claimed that Gates has done something with the vaccine to implant 5G chips in people's bodies to track people's locations. 3,000 people To disseminate accurate information about vaccines by prioritizing the message that will be communicated to elon representatives. Musk declined to comment on the above points Source: CNBC
Instagram is set to test its NFT system later this week.|Mark Zuckerberg has announced a new policy by introducing NFTs (non-fungible tokens) to the Instagram platform, and there will definitely be similar functionality on the Facebook application. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, confirmed this via a video on Mark's Facebook page. Zuckerberg on Adam Mosseri @mosseri The test will take place this week, which is a small group of U.S. users who can share NFT on their regular photo feeds or share them on stories. With the name of the artist who created each NFT and the owner of the work, SPONSORED MOSSERI. He said that the reason why Instagram tested NFT systems in a limited way was because they wanted to learn from the community, especially the differences in concept, since blockchain and Web3 technologies have decentralized concepts. Mosseri Supporting NFT on Instagram is considered to be introducing the technology to a wider audience. A spokesperson for Meta said NFTs built on Ethereum and Polygon will be supported on Instagram, after which it will be extended to Solana and Flow.
Elon Musk plans to increase Twitter revenue and subscribers within 6 years|Twitter owner Elon Musk soon unveiled an ambitious plan by announcing ways to increase revenue by reducing dependence on the ad system and ensuring it can increase its user numbers even further, the New York News agency reported. The Times, which presented Elon Musk to investors approving twitter's acquisition plan, found that there were a number of interesting issues. Elon Musk expressed confidence that he could increase Twitter's annual revenue. Twitter originally earned about $5 billion, but in his administration, revenue will increase by $264 billion by 2028, while the number of active users is set to reach 931 million by 2028. That's because Twitter's main revenue now comes from the ad system, which 90 percent of its total revenue, which Musk considers unsustainable. The company needs to generate revenue from other channels, which will also be available in 2028. In addition, Twitter should have revenue from other channels such as payment systems and data licensing revenue, according to the New York Times. In a new report, Musk is also planning to launch a new product, called "X," aiming to reach 104 million active users by 2028.
Apple announces end of iPod touch production, shutting down more than 20 years of legacy of the iPod family |Apple has announced the end of production of the iconic iPod touch. 21 Apple, a leading technology company, announced the discontinuation of the production of the iPod touch, the final iPod lineup. Interestingly, in 2011, Apple held 70 percent of the MP3 market share and sold more than 400 million units in the previous period. PRIOR TO THE OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT ON MAY 10, U.S. LOCAL TIME, GREG JOSWIAK Senior Vice President of Global Marketing, Apple Confirm that "the spirit of the iPod continues"Source: AppleSPONSORED
Apple prepares to restructure its services business Focus more on the Apple TV+ streaming business|Apple is preparing for a major internal restructuring, particularly in the services business, reflecting that Apple is taking action in its streaming and advertising businesses, the Business News Agency reported. Insider Apple said it is considering restructuring its services business, which is valued at $76 billion, to drive further growth in its streaming and advertising business. Apple's services business includes app stores, Apple Music, iCloud, Apple Care, ApplePay, Apple News, Apple TV+, and advertising businesses. It also has 825 million subscribers worldwide. It can be said that if Apple considers splitting its own service business into a standalone company, it will have to do so. It is ranked 113th according to Fortun 500 estimates, according to Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of services. Looking for ways to restructure this business? According to sources within Apple, Revealed to Business Insiders are the reason why Apple became interested in restructuring this section. In addition to growing revenue, another reason is that they want to build on the success of CODA (Child of Deaf Adults), which won the 95th Academy Award for Best Picture in late March, and the expansion of sports broadcasts, piloted by Friday night's Major League Baseball Tournament. Apple TV Plus also has a relatively small user base. With the addition of live sports broadcasts, there is an opportunity to add new subscribers, along with additional revenue from sports packages and further advertising revenue in the advertising business, which was originally the work of Peter Stern, will be passed on to Todd Teresi, a business insider source said. It has grown by 238 percent compared to 2021 and 2020, amounting to $3.7 billion, reflecting that Apple's advertising business is growing well, but it is also too large, an Apple spokesperson declined to comment on the business report. Insider Source: Business Insider
Elon Musk has admitted he wants to lift the ban on former President Donald Trump's Twitter account.|Elon Musk again responded to a question related to Twitter. This time, it was a topic related to the ban on Donald Trump's account, which Musk admitted he had the idea of lifting the ban. Dorsey, a former Twitter CEO, also agreed with that idea at the Future of the Car event hosted by the Financial Times. Of course, when it comes to future car events, it's about the future. One of the questions Elon Musk was asked at the event, which was a big issue and also had something to do with the reason Musk bought Twitter: the question of what would happen to the account of former President Donald Trump, who was banned on January 8 last year for allegedly being involved in incitement to violence. Musk said he had spoken to Jack Dorsey and agreed that the permanent account ban should only happen to bot or spam and fraudulent accounts. He went on to explain that banning former President Trump's account was a mistake because it alienated many more people. The result is that Trump's voice has been lost. But in the end, he has his place on a private platform called Truth Social, as well as the voice of right-wing parties in the US that will be on that platform by Trump, however, until now, Elon Musk has not officially owned Twitter, expecting the deal to be completed later this year.Source: The Verge, FT Live
Sony's PlayStation 5 (PS5) shipments missed target Amid chipset shortages|Sony reports its latest fiscal year results Interestingly, PlayStation 5 (PS5) shipments have reached 19.3 million units, but overall sales are below the previous estimate. Sony's fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, has an interesting issue for gamers: the delivery of the much-sought-after game console PlayStation 5 worldwide over the past two years has sold 19.3 million units, when you break down the shipments over the 12 months of fiscal year 2021, ps5 has a total of 11.5 million units, which is lower than Sony's previous target of 14.8 million units. Missing the target of 3.3 million units, the main problem that prevented Sony from achieving its target was due to the shortage of chipsets in the technology industry, which has been a major problem since the covid-19 pandemic. Sony is also optimistic that with the PlayStation 5 being a console with a long service life, it has the potential to surpass PlayStation 4's sales in the future. Sony estimates that chipset shortages should improve over the next fiscal year, estimating shipments of PS5 units for the next fiscal year at 18 million units. BUT IF THE CHIPSET SHORTAGE DOESN'T IMPROVE, THERE'S A STRONG CHANCE THAT SONY'S NUMBERS WON'T MEET THE TARGET AGAIN. There's another thing Sony might be facing: threats from competitors like Microsoft, which owns Xbox platforms with Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S, as they have topped their portfolio of game producer studios over the past two years.
Google unveils Pixel Watch at Google I/O 2022|Google announced its first watch, the Pixel Watch. Fitbit added to the health sector at Google I/O 2022. This year, Google released a number of new products, one of which was the Pixel Watch, the first watch under the Pixel Brand. Of course, when it comes to Android watches, the main connectivity must be focused only on Android smartphones, especially the newest version of Android 13, while adding the ability to work independently of smartphones. Let's develop into this smart watch while the Pixel Watch design uses a round dial design. The case contains recycled materials. As for the release schedule, which is expected to be in line with the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro, for competition, the smart watch market is starting to become an attractive market again. At this time, Samsung is taking this market seriously in order to win market share from Apple, while Google is starting to move its legs with the launch of Pixel WatchSPONSORED.
Google Appetizer Reveals Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro Faces for the First Time at Google I/O 2022|Google has been drawing attention to Pixel fans by revealing the appearance of the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro for the first time at the Google I/O 2022 event. Before releasing at the end of the year, the first image googled to seduce fans of the Pixel family of smartphones, that is, the part on the back of the device is called an aluminum camera bar. The Pixel 7 Pro is similar to the Pixel 7 but has been changed from Lemongrass green to Hazel.
Google returns to the tablet market Preparing to ship your Pixel Tablet in 2023|Google hopes to compete for the number one spot in the Apple and iPad tablet business by returning to the tablet market, sending Pixel Tablet to shake up the market in 2023. Google intends that the Pixel Tablet will complement users who want entertainment and general use, rather than working seriously on other aspects of the data.
Google showcases innovative AR glasses with automatic translation|Sundar Pichai reveals the innovations they have been quietly developing, such as AR glasses or augmented reality, which are equipped with Sundar automatic translation technology. Pichai, CEO of Google and Alphabet Google's efforts to deliver keynotes at Google I/O 2022 are to break down language barriers by using augmented reality technology, which works with glasses to allow the internal system to translate in real time. IT'S UNCLEAR HOW HIGH THE OVERLAY DISPLAY IS BASED ON REAL-TIME TRANSLATION ACCURACY, AS WELL AS THE LIMITATIONS OF REAL-TIME TRANSLATION LANGUAGE. While meta seems to be more focused on creating avatars, the AR glasses that Google will showcase at Google I/O 2022 are only prototypes.
Sony Thai announces new PlayStation 5 (PS5) bookings on May 13 at 11 a.m.|Sony Thailand's fan page gives good news to gamers who are still waiting for the opportunity to own a PS5. At 11:00 a.m., Sony Thai's official fan page counts down to ownership of the new PlayStation 5 in May, the new PS5 pre-order opening will take place tomorrow, May 13 at 11:00 a.m. online.
Airbnb unveils new feature Split Stays welcomes a new way of traveling More options for travelers|AIRBNB Announced the launch of a new feature called Split Stays to help you find a place to stay. Airbnb CEO and co-founder Brian Chesky announced Airbnb's biggest change in a decade, saying people's journeys have changed forever. It presents the biggest change in the first 10 years. People are more flexible in choosing to live and work, so AIRBNB has designed a new way to search by accommodation type or Airbnb Categories, which are divided into 56 categories by property style, location or activity. Search results are sorted by the type associated with the destination, and the map can be zoomed in to show exactly where the property is located at the same time. Airbnb has estimated millions of homes with machine learning to analyze the property's name. DESCRIPTIONS, CAPTIONS, INFORMATION FROM THE PROPERTY PROVIDER AND REVIEWS FROM GUESTS WHO HAVE STAYED, AS WELL AS A REVIEW FROM THE SPONSORED TEAM. People prefer to travel longer distances. Airbnb decided to create a feature called Split Stays to give travelers more options to stay in multiple locations and divide their stay between two homes when searching for a certain destination. The Split Stays feature automatically appears in 14 types of search results, such as camping, national parks, golfing, or surfing, to inspire a late two-destination stay as part of a long journey, such as when searching for a national park type. This feature recommends two properties. The first one may be located near Khao Yai National Park and the other near Kaeng Krachan National Park. When viewed on the map showing the connection between the two properties to show the distance to the order of stays, and when choosing Split Stays, they are guided through an easy-to-use interface to book their stays in order, the third is the launch of AirCover for guests to help build confidence when booking and realize that AIRBNB is always available to assist travellers, such as guaranteed booking coverage, check-in guarantees, reservation-based guarantees, and a 24-hour security hotline.
Analysts believe Apple is preparing to switch from Lightning ports to USB-C in 2023.|Apple is gearing towards replacing its charging port with its previous Lightning port, but next year is likely to see a change using a USB-C port instead of Ming-Chi Kuo. According to apple supply chain analysts who believe that Apple is preparing to switch from Lightning port to USB-C in 2023Kuo says the change is likely to take place on the iPhone 15 that will be released next year. Speculation about changes in the iPhone port section has been rumored every year. It's just that lately there's a chance it's going to happen, as Apple is under pressure from the European Union. It wants electronics manufacturers to be more environmentally conscious and wants the devices that need to be charged to the same standard, but this is not impossible. It must not be forgotten that devices in Apple's iPad range, such as the iPad Air (2022) and iPad mini (2021), have turned to USB-C.
Twitter announces temporary hiring, new employees He later resigned from senior management.|Twitter announced the resignations of two of the organization's top executives, as well as the news of a temporary hiring, a major change that occurred as Elon Musk stepped in as the new owner. Guardian In an email sent to all employees on Thursday, Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal said the head of consumer products and finance had resigned from the company. In the same email, he also talked about pausing the employment of new employees. Agrawal said Twitter has failed to meet its targets for user growth and monetization as planned in 2020. The resignation of one of the two executives who opened the hat was coerced into resigning. It was later confirmed that the executive who was forced to resign was Kayvon Beekpoor. Kaywon Beekpoor's head of consumer products said in a private Twitter revelation @kayvz that the resignation was real, but that wasn't what he had expected because it wasn't his decision, but because of Parak (Agrawal). Tell me to resign. AFTER INFORMING THEM THAT THEY WERE LOOKING TO TAKE THE TEAM IN A DIFFERENT DIRECTION, THE ISSUE OF UNTARGETED REVENUE FOR SOCIAL MEDIA PROVIDERS IS NOT UNIQUE TO TWITTER. On the other hand, Meta has also experienced a decline in income and announced a delay in new employment. Due to the virus outbreak and the aftermath of the war between Russia and Ukraine, Elon Musk's acquisition of Twitter, although on the one hand, has generated a lot of buzz, but has caused concern among some of Twitter's shareholders and regular employees in recent times. Elon Musk talks about twitter restructuring Specifically, other forms of monetization approach are not limited to advertising alone for Elon's negotiations. It still takes months, Musk, and Twitter. If nothing goes wrong, it will be done later this year.
Tinder launches safety supervision center in Thailand|Tinder announces the launch of a comprehensive safety center on Tinder app in Thailand. Meet the needs of members living while using the Rory platform. Rory Kozoll, Vice President of Tinder Reliability and Security "Tinder is committed to creating security features to meet the needs of today's online dating community and is very pleased to launch an in-app security supervision center for Thai users, which represents an important step in driving the safety work of the Thai market.
Mark Zuckerberg Test vr glasses from Project Cambria|The CEO of Meta revealed a demo video of the ability of VR glasses from Project Cambria, a high-end hardware product. Zuckerberg shared a short video demonstrating the operation and operation of high-end virtual reality glasses, called Project Cambria. There is an interaction system with objects, and it is an overlap between the real and virtual worlds. Try to develop an interface so that users can observe real-world objects as well. To prevent accidents or property damage afterwards, Meta Quest's official channel uploaded a video titled Project Cambria Preview - Mixed Reality with Presence Platform, which provides a product preview for the public to see and appetizers before project Cambria's VR glasses go on sale later this year. Zuckerberg at this time Source: Mark ZuckerbergSPONSORED
D.OASIS launches metaverse platform, pushing Thailand to become Asia's Web3 leader|D.OASIS announces its goal to launch Thai brand into the metaverse in the third quarter of this year. We need to pioneer. In order not to lose opportunities and fall into a major technological procession, Mr. Sirikiat Boonworaseth D.OASIS' chief executive officer said that if you go back more than a decade ago, you'll have to go back to the city. The early arrival of social media was not very popular. The same thing will happen to the metaverse that will be the future of the next generation of the internet or Web3Sirikiat said that in order not to fall in trouble and lose opportunities to leading technology companies such as Meta and Google as in the Web2 period, all Thais are only users or users. So, what about the collaboration of all Thai brands? JOINING HANDS WITH THE METAVERSE EARLY WILL HELP PREVENT THAILAND FROM LOSING ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES SPONSORED IN TERMS OF THE DIFFICULTY OF CREATING THE METAVERSE SIRIKIAT. Acknowledging that there are still many obstacles, such as building a community, creating smart contracts, as well as partners to enter the metaverse, "There are also barriers to devices to enter the metaverse, which are now expensive. Sirikiat estimates that there are currently around 700,000 Thais in the metaverse on The Sandbox, Roblox and Fortnite platforms, and will continue to increase to 22 million by 2029. It connects with the business world, entertainment, education, lifestyle and creative space under the name D.OASIS, The Sandbox Metaverse, and aims to make Thailand a leader in Web3 technology and the metaverse of Asia.
It's time Matercard adapts. Pilot "Smile to Pay"|Mastercard, a payment service provider, has launched a biometric financial transaction method called Smile to pay amid privacy concerns. Mastercard announced the launch of a new payment program called Smile to pay, while shoppers can also use waving their hands to pay, Mastercard said. Reduce the time spent on transactions to a robust security system. MasterCard He emphasized that the new payment model is based on the principles of cleanliness and health, which coincides with the time when the world is still facing the COVID-19 pandemic. MasterCard Early pilot service in Brazil It's not. Mastercard members can register through an application or merchant that partners with Mastercard, and after this, they have a program to expand the service with this feature in Latin America, Asia and the Middle East.However, biometric payments are a major concern for technology experts because of the impact on data privacy.
Sony aims to expand its entertainment empire|Sony Group unveils plans for the future Prepare to expand your gaming and music empire into the metaverse. Sony has become another company that has announced itself in the metaverse, following in the footsteps of the tech giant that launched earlier announcing plans for Sony's metaverse. They hope to harness their gaming aptitude, with the PlayStation 5 platform as the protagonist, alongside the music experience of the world's entertainment giants. Focusing on the metaverse is a strategy that organizations should focus on, he said. That's because this virtual world can cover everything socially. Work and recreation in Kenishiro Sony Group CEO Yoshida similarly said that the metaverse is a gathering of society. Inside it will be the whole space in the game world. Sony's focus on the metaverse comes after a $1 billion investment in Epic Game, which owns the Epic Store platform and is also the developer of Fortnite. From creating avatars and also hosting virtual concertsSPONSORED Source: Kyodo News
Researchers reveal theory malware can enter iPhone even in shutdown mode|A German cybersecurity researcher revealed something interesting, stating that malware is still working. Although the iPhone is in a shutdown state, researchers say ordinary users are unlikely to be targeted by cybersecurity experts at Darmstadt Technical University. In Germany Shutdown of a user's smartphone device may not guarantee that the device will not be tracked by cybercriminals, the expert report said, in an academic paper titled Evil Never Sleeps: When Wireless Malware Stays On After Turning Off iPhones. Explain that while the iPhone is turned off, the iPhone is turned off. This does not mean that other parts of the operation will be shut down, with microchips like Bluetooth still working normally. To help track other misplaced devices, including wireless chips like NFC and UWB, it's easy to give a clear example of how iOS 15 works, which includes features that allow you to locate your iPhone even when it's in a specialist shutdown state. If an intruder modifies malware, they can attack this channel, which is also a new type of threat. However, the researchers said that bluetooth attacks are theoretical possibilities, but they did not go into detail about how this type of malware can be created.Sponsored Research by a team of researchers at Darmstadt University is the first revelation of microchip attacks that run in low-power mode. Use of such vulnerabilities It must be jailbreaked, which is a violation of Apple's terms of use. Source: EuroNews
China Telecom Launches Tianyi No. 1 2022 Quantum Smartphone Highlights safe from hacking|China Telecom is a telecommunications service provider in China. Tianyi No. 1 2022China Telecom launches new smartphone with outstanding selling points in anti-hacking as Tianyi No. 1 2022China Telecom, a telecom giant from China. Launch of a new generation of smartphones with quantum encryption As Tianyi No.1 2022 guarantees security, including SIM cards that use quantum key distribution as well, China's development of quantum technology. Telecom is a collaboration between them and a startup called QuantumCTeck, which has a joint venture in 2021. To develop quantum communication, in principle. Quantum encryption is another way to protect against cyber threats. That's because the state of photons is unpredictable, so it's ideal for random numbers for encryption, and that makes hacking difficult for quantum CTECH engineers. When a user initiates a conversation with quantum technology security, he or she is asked to start a conversation. A random secret code is generated to verify identity. After successful verification Quantum networks generate real-time physical keys to encrypt conversations, which are deleted at the end of the conversation. IT IS ONLY VALID IF THE MESSENGER AND RECEIVER USE A SMARTPHONE THAT SUPPORTS QUANTUM TECHNOLOGY. Quantum encryption isn't something new in the last 1-2 years, but it's something that was talked about before 2017. It still has a low market capitalization, around $300 million Source: China Daily
Google filed for bankruptcy in Russia The bank account was later confiscated.|Google decides to file for bankruptcy in Russia Since the bank account was seized by the Russian government, Google was unable to pay salaries to its employees, as well as to continue important financial transactions. A leading technology provider filed for bankruptcy in Russia. At this time, there is a dispute with Google. The Russian government has seized Google bank accounts in countries where Google operates, preventing Google from carrying out any transactions, especially paying salaries to employees. Although Google has filed for bankruptcy in Russia, other free services such as Google Search, YouTube, Jimel, Android operating system and Play Store continue to operate as usual, although it is unclear why Russian authorities seized Google bank accounts in Russia. It started with the Russian government invading Ukraine. Google has blocked and restricted access to Russian government-backed YouTube channels, while the Russian government has accused Google of engaging in the dissemination of false content about Russia's special military operations against Ukraine. The Russian government has issued a policy to reduce dependence on Western services. One of them is creating their own app store. NashStoreSPONSOREDVladimir Ziekov, director of digital platform projects, said NashStore was created for Russian application developers who have lost revenue by being cut off access to Google's playstore platform.
Huawei launches Huawei Mate Xs 2 foldable smartphone price in Thailand at 61,990 baht|Huawei has successfully launched the new folding screen mobile Huawei Mate Xs 2. Priced at 61,990 baht in Thailand, Huawei's flagship premium mobile phone is another smartphone manufacturer focused on the foldable smartphone market. The camera system of the Huawei Mate Xs 2 is True-Chroma, the rear camera camera has a maximum resolution of 50MP and a battery to 4,880 mAh, with support for the 66W Huawei SuperCharge, 90 percent charge in just 30 minutes.
Canada Ban the use of 5G devices from Huawei and ZTE|Government of Canada Ban on the use of equipment of two telecommunications service providers Led by Huawei and ZTE, Franois-Philippe Champagne Minister of Industry of Canada It was revealed on Thursday, local time. Canada has banned the use of 5G devices by two Chinese companies, ZTE and Huawei, the Canadian industry minister said, adding that the decision was to protect the safety and security of the Canadian public. Champagne It said the decision came after reviewing the security agencies' full documentation and consulting with a close technology partner with industry minister Canada. The decision was based on protecting Canadians and protecting the country's telecommunications infrastructure, he said. It is also believed that this was the right decision, meaning that Canadian telecommunications companies would not be allowed to use ZTE and Huawei equipment. A SPOKESMAN FOR CHINA'S EMBASSY IN OTTAWA TOLD REUTERS IT WAS A MISREPRESENTATION OF THE FACTS FOR POLITICAL REASONS AND ALSO SAID THE CANADIAN GOVERNMENT WORKED WITH THE U.S. GOVERNMENT IN HOPES OF CRACKING DOWN ON COMPANIES FROM CHINA. Decline to comment Source: BBC
Elon Musk confronts sexual harassment allegations against SpaceX receptionist|Elon Musk has been linked with sexual harassment of a SpaceX receptionist, which he denied the news, saying it was due to political reasons. Denies allegations of sexual harassment with a former SpaceX receptionist In 2016, Musk He clarified this by saying that the news that emerged was politically motivated and that this was an offensive act. However, it cannot be stopped by his struggle for right to free speech, according to Business Insider. Elon Musk was found naked and rubbed a reserved item into the hostess's leg. Without her consent, she offered to buy her a horse. If the receptionist provides him with a special service. According to reports, SpaceX paid the victims U.S. $250 billion in November 2018 in exchange for closing the news, as well as alluding to the company and Elon Musk's identity. He will move to vote for Republicans instead of Democrats. Source: Business Insider
CAT-KMUTT develops app to build large farms to increase the value of agricultural products|The CAT and KMUTT have developed an application to create a large-scale agricultural farm to support farmers to increase the value of organic and refined agricultural products to meet the needs of e-commerce in accordance with the policy. To help reduce residual output problems, on May 20, 2022, reporters reported that the Department of Digital Network Management and Information Security Faculty of Information Technology and Digital Innovation King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok with the support of the Research and Development Fund for Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications for Public Interest (CATA) The company has developed an application to create large-scale farms, manage product information and marketing for the farmer network, with the aim of allowing farmers with high-quality products such as organic agriculture and fine agriculture to gather information and plan their own production in accordance with market demand. In particular, increasing the value of products from pre-order marketing by managing the supply side. Consumers and processors can predict the amount of produce before going to market. Meet the needs of e-commerce according to government policy HELPING TO REDUCE RESIDUAL PRODUCTIVITY BY ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR Dr. Pongpisit Vudditchote Head of Department of Digital Network Management and Information Security Faculty of Information Technology and Digital Innovation King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok The team has been working on the project for about 2 years and the team has been working on the area to collect the needs and problems of farmers more than 2 years in advance of proposing the project, allowing us to design an application that will support the agricultural operations of farmers in a variety of varieties, covering crops, fruits, fisheries and livestock. To prepare to continue providing free services to farmers nationwide. The system is expected to be completed within a month. Aug 22, 2022 The project provides an application to build a large farm agriculture. Manage produce and marketing information for farmers' networks, supported by research grants from the Research and Development Fund for Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications for Public Interest (CATF). It has been cooperated in providing information for system design. From farmers across the country, such as Young Smart Farmer Group, Organic Agriculture Confederation, Community Enterprises, to smallholder farmers interested in fine farming, there are more than 300 people. Farmers and interested parties will be able to download it for free from the App Store, Play Store, or web browser directly, and the researchers expect that this application will help drive the value of organic products, safe and refined agriculture, and also help develop online marketing mechanisms of the agricultural sector in the future. For more information, please contact the Department of Digital Network Management and Information Security. Faculty of Information Technology and Digital Innovation King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok or email : dns@itd.kmutnb.ac.th or call 098-908-9385
NBCUniversal is interested in acquiring a merger with EA, a well-known gaming studio.|NBC Universal It is reported that it is interested in merging with EA (Electronic Arts). It was influenced by the Microsoft and Activision Blizzard deals that emerged in early NBC Universal. Multinational media companies In the report, CBC Universal CEO Brian Roberts has opened talks with EA CEO Andrew Wilson to form a larger entertainment company. EA They haven't just negotiated with one comcast, but they've also been in talks with other major companies, including Apple, Disney and Amazon. The reason for Microsoft's acquisition of Activion Blizzard was once said by Bob Kotic, CEO of Activation Blizzard. Activation Blizzard may be a really big company, but compared to companies worth $2 trillion or $3 trillion, which are big tech companies like Apple, Disney, Amazon, and GoogleSPONSORED, even if Activation Blizzard merges with EA, that doesn't make the company big enough to compete with him. However, EA declined to comment on the matter. NBC Universal. It used to taste the gaming market, but it didn't last long. Finally closed in 2019Source: IGN
Apple tops North American smartphone shipments in first quarter of 2022|Market research firm Reveals first-quarter smartphone shipment figures for 2022 showed Apple still occupies number one, mainly driven by iPhone 13 and add-ons like iPhone SE 2022Canalys. The first quarter of 2022 revealed an improved number of smartphone shipments in North America. Compared to the same period last year, it grew by 4 percent, although this figure is not much. But in comparison, Now the world faces both an inflation crisis. Apple was able to ship 19.9 million units of iPhone 13 and iPhone SE 2022, and the arrival of iPhone SE 2022 complemented Apple in capturing the second-largest mid-range smartphone market share with 10.5 million units. Another interesting 27 percent market share, according to Canalys, is the arrival of Motorola, whose parent company is Lenovo. It is possible that the popularity of Motorola is partly due to LG's exit from the smartphone business, due to the middle and lower smartphone market segments in the U.S. previously, there was already a competition between LG and Motorola SPONSORED. Although their shipments are negligible to just 1.2 million units and have a market share of 3 percent, if we look at the same period last year, it's hard to see why. Google has grown by 380 percent.
Bill Gates, responding to a question from netizens, revealed that the smartphone used today is the Galaxy Z Fold3, not the Surface Duo.|Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates set up a thread on Reddit that allows members to ask any question. One of the things that many people want to know is what brand of smartphone Bill Gates used before it was called Galaxy Z Fold3. The co-founder of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and author of the book How to Prevent the Next Pandemic has asked Reddit people to ask me anything, which has attracted a lot of attention among netizens. After all, which smartphone is Bill Gates needs to use on a daily basis? Before getting an answer that many people might be a little surprised by, because Gates Choose to use the Galaxy Z Fold3, not the Surface Duo, a smartphone owned by Microsoft's co-founder, Microsoft. The reason why he chose Galaxy Z Fold3 is because he wants to try something new, and because of its size, it resembles a portable PC. The recent partnership between Microsoft and Samsung has been smooth. ON SAMSUNG DEVICES, IT HAS BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM VERY WELL SPONSORED OVER THE YEARS. When people asked what smartphone Bill Gates was using, he said, "I'm sorry. However, Microsoft Surface Duo, which is an Android smartphone, but Bill Gates did not choose to use it, despite having many features similar to the Galaxy Z Fold 3, both in terms of being a foldable smartphone that can work like a small PC.
Xiaomi signed a partnership agreement with Leica to launch its photography smartphone in July this year.|Xiaomi, an electronics manufacturer with Leica Camera officially announces strategic partnership in mobile photography Announced a long-term strategic partnership with Leica, a smartphone under the partnership of two brands. It can be considered a high-end smartphone. It was scheduled to launch in July. Leica has previously collaborated with Huawei to produce imaging smartphones in the Huawei Mate Series and Huawei P Series. OPPO has partnered with renowned camera manufacturer Hasselblad to enhance smartphone photography, a strategy similar to that of Siaomi in this collaboration. Siao Mi's CEO and CEO Said: "Siao Mi is committed to creating the best user experience and continues to explore the capabilities of smartphone photography. This collaboration covers optical design. Matthias Harsch, Chief Executive Officer of Leica Camera AG, said: "The partnership between the two sides continues to work towards the goal of providing users with a new era of mobile photography and believes that the first jointly developed flagship smartphone will demonstrate the pioneering progress of both companies.
YouTube removed over 9 thousand channels related to the Ukrainian war.|YouTube has revealed since the Russian invasion of Ukraine. As a result, YouTube has taken extraordinary measures that have never been implemented before. It was revealed that YouTube has removed more than 9 thousand channels and more than 70 thousand videos. It said it had removed more than 70,000 videos and 9,000 channels on the platform because the content and channels presented the war between Russia and Ukraine. By violating content guidelines, including removing content claiming that Russia's operation was a mission to liberate Ukrainians, the YouTube platform is a very popular platform in Russia. It is also a service that Google continues to provide as usual. Google, based in Russia, has already filed for bankruptcy because its bank account has been seized by the Russian government, preventing Google from paying employees' salaries and major financial transactions since late February. YouTube has taken steps to remove channels affiliated with the Kremlin. Whether it is a channel that supports the invasion of Ukraine by Russia this time. From well-known news outlets to channels directly under the Russian government, Neil Mohan Mohan said that content about the Russia-Ukraine conflict alone has more than 40 million views. It does not elaborate further on the content and channels removed from the platform for YouTube, a platform used by up to 90 million Russians. YouTube continues to operate in Russia to keep informed.Source: The Guardian
United Kingdom Clearview AI bases image collection from social media platforms|Clearview AI faces fines in the UK They later collected images of people from social media and websites for 7.5m, the UK's data review agency said. Clearview AI of the United States has been fined for collecting images of people's faces from social media and ordered the removal of a database of images of people living in the UK that the company had previously collected. It was also revealed that as many as 20 billion photos collected by ClearView AI have been collected, and the company's actions have violated the UK's personal data protection laws on a number of issues, such as not reporting that facial data is collected and without a process to stop collecting data. The UK initially imposed fines of up to 17 million. Before finally dropping to 7.5m, the reason for the reduction in fines was because clearview AI had agreed to talk to UK authorities. Clearview AI has been discontinued in the UK. Clearview AI has also stopped selling access to facial databases to private companies in the United States. However, U.S. federal agencies continue to have access to Clearview AI's technology, such as the Immigration Bureau.SPONSORED Source: The Guardian
"Sethapong" supports the establishment of the Institute of Space Technology To further develop the country in the future.|"Sethapong" supports "Isan University - Satellite Association" Set up the Institute of Space Technology and push for earth observation satellite development project, promote climate change policy, confident in research and personnel potential, hope to drive space business towards the country's future development on May 24, 2022 in Nakhon Ratchasima province. Communications Commission IN COLLABORATION WITH THE FACULTY OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY, RAJAMANGALA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY ISAN, THE NBTC OFFICE ORGANIZED A SEMINAR ON "GLOBAL MEGA TRENDS TO 2030". List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Deputy Commissioner of Communications Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (KMTH DES) In addition to special lectures from experts in the field of communication technology, he said: Aviation Satellite A Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed between the Faculty of Engineering and Technology, Rajamangala University of Technology Isan and the Thailand Development Communication Satellite Association (TSAT) to establish the Research Institute for the Integration of Space Technology. The Institute of Integrated Space-Air-Ground Technology (I-SAT) has a mission to research and develop related technologies, such as the use of emerging technologies in the space industry. For aircraft and terrestrial linkages, including telecommunications technologies in the 5G/6G era, the use of advanced satellite systems, internet of things (IoTs), big data, image and data processing, as well as artificial intelligence and other related factors in enhancing the scale of space operations with the aircraft and ground sectors. Assoc.Prof.Dr.Kosit Sribhuthorn The President of Rajamangala University of Technology Isan said that the establishment is in line with the university's strategy to promote the development of research related to climate change, the creation of small satellites, and the establishment of terrestrial satellite stations. To promote the development of research related to logistics and civil aviation in a specific regulatory area (Sandbox) by researching inventions and innovations for the benefit of urban society, agriculture and biotechnology, industry, public health. Education, tourism, such as the use of Earth Observation satellite imagery to analyze climate change, and the development of technologies to reduce environmental damage for sustainability. Smart City Management, Life Safety Data collection in smart agriculture systems, smart farms Controlling robots, mechanical arms, and transportation systems in factories with the integration of 5G and IoT systems, which is in line with the university's goals of Asst.Prof.Dr.S.T.Detpan Dean of the Faculty of Engineering and Technology said that this collaboration will be the starting point for the development and research of space technology. The university's air and ground are leaps and bounds. Because today's world has evolved and changed dramatically. Many sectors are using modern technologies to help us, including industry, public health, agriculture, and our daily lives. If we have research and development to support the change in time, it will be a good thing, which will create a lot of jobs and income for the people in the country. He believes that many sectors, including the NBTC government, have been involved in the process. The private sector, including KMDHDES, is ready to support this project to drive further development to the country's development in the future. Dr. Nattapat Theeranandavanich and Ms. Cattleya Delmer, advisors to the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Society, commented that the research and development of I-SAT is an institution established in accordance with international policy according to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). But it has an overall impact on all countries around the world, including the impact of more severe natural disasters. Floods, floods and wildfires, ecological impacts and biodiversity are considered to have an admirable international vision. If we can develop and research to become the cornerstone of the country. WE WILL BE ABLE TO FIGHT INTERNATIONALLY AND DEVELOPED COUNTRIES IN TIME AND QUICKLY BECOME REGIONAL LEADERS.
Apple accepts lockdown in China As a result, iPhone production is delayed.|Apple has been affected by the Chinese government's zero-tolerance COVID policy. It affects the production of new iPhone models, Nikkei reports. Apple has urged suppliers to speed up the iPhone manufacturing process. After facing a strict lockdown by the Chinese government for such reasons that delayed the production schedule of at least one new mobile phone, the zero-Covid policy was announced by China that there must be no infections in the country, which affected the iPhone assembly plants of companies that could not carry out production activities even in the past. Apple has reduced its dependence on manufacturing plants in China. With the relocation of production plants to Vietnam or India, most of the raw materials are still in China. There is an article in bloomberg news agency. He said the Chinese government is very strict about trucks because it is concerned that the shipment will become a source of transmission from one city to another. This includes cargo ships from around the world preparing to import goods into China or export goods from China to the world, which has also been affected by the financial hub of Shanghai, which has now entered a seventh week of lockdown, as well as Beijing, which has continued to tighten quarantine restrictions. Apple had previously predicted that the lockdown in China would have a major impact on both production and demand in China, as well as the war in Ukraine in the worst way. The production schedule and the initial production volume will affect the production of new models. Although anonymity is available, it is possible that it means the iPhone 14.
Elon Musk doesn't fall for a deal to buy Twitter, raising $6.25 billion in new funding|Elon Musk, a famous businessman According to the latest document filed by Elon Musk with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Musk will raise an additional $6.25 billion to fund the $44 billion acquisition of Twitter in the past. Elon Musk's Twitter acquisition deal seems to have diminished the heat because the CEO of Tesla wants to know more about spam and fake accounts. That's $44 billion, Musk said, adding that he also spoke to Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter. For the share swap agreement that Dorsey has with the new company. Following the successful acquisition of Elon Musk, Elon Musk's personal spending increased to $335 billion from $21 billion. In addition, following reports of an increase in Elon Musk's funding, it has had a positive impact on Twitter's shares, with prices rising 5.6 percent.
Apple prepares to raise wages for employees to fight inflation and rising cost of living|Apple is preparing to increase work pay for employees based in the United States amid inflationary pressures, including a union push in Cupertino-based tech giant Apple. It is raising wages for workers in the United States. The minimum wage will rise to $22 per hour, up 10 percent from the year before Apple's wage hike. It happens under a variety of circumstances. This includes pressure from current and former Apple employees who have attacked working conditions during COVID-19. Epidemic, followed by inflation At the same time, Apple workers in Atlanta have filed a petition asking for the formation of a union. Apple stores in other locations such as New York, Georgia, Maryland and Kentucky are also trying to form unions for all reasons, forcing Apple to revise the minimum wage for employees in new companies. THE NEW MINIMUM WAGE RATE WILL BEGIN IN JULY THIS YEAR. Leading technology companies are facing new challenges like never before. There is a shortage of chipsets in the production of electronic devices. Mass worker resignations during COVID-19 Microsoft is one of several companies trying to keep workers by nearly doubling wages. To keep employees from moving with competitors, according to the U.S. government. U.S. inflation figures for April rose 8.3 percent compared to the same period last year.
Google folds "Pixel Notepad" plan Temporary foldable smartphone|Google delays plans to relaunch its foldable smartphone Pixel Notepad It was announced earlier this year in early May. Fans of the Pixel series of smartphones are excited by the news of the launch of the Pixel 7, the resumption of the tablet as the Pixel Tablet, as well as rumors about a foldable smartphone that was once rumored as the Pixel Notepad. South Korea's Elec revealed that Google has decided to delay plans to launch the Pixel Notepad amid earlier news that the smartphone is likely to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Pixel Notepad is believed to be similar to OPPO Find N, OPPO's foldable smartphone, with a 5.78-inch outer screen and a 7.57-inch inner screen with its own processor, and is expected to be the Tensor 2SPONSORED in 2021. In other words, they have a choice for consumers in both the very affordable Galaxy Z Flip3, but if the high-end model is the Galaxy Z Fold3, especially in the Z Fold3 model, which is like a pocket-sized computer, the Galaxy Z Fold3 is also the smartphone that the celebrity Bill Gates chooses. Bill Gates has answered a number of interesting questions, such as climate change, the 5 best books of all time in Bill Gates' view, and what can make Bill Gates happiest, etc. Galaxy Z Flip3 and Galaxy Z Fold3 have been questioned about their sustainability and long-term durability, which is probably one of the reasons why Google is not ready to launch Pixel Notepad.
Apple aims to produce 220 million iPhone 14 units, equal to iPhone 13 for supply chain reasons.|Apple assessed the situation for the iPhone 14, which will go on sale in the second half of this year, believing that it is unlikely to produce more than the iPhone 13. Apple has told suppliers involved in the production of about 220 million iPhone 14s, contrary to analysts' estimates that Apple should order 240 million units, which is similar to the 2021 iPhone 13 production in 2021. Because of China, which is the center of raw materials. However, Apple declined to comment on the economic outlook and supply chain constraints.
Investors file lawsuit against Elon Musk for delaying disclosure of Twitter stock purchases|A number of Twitter investors have filed a lawsuit against billionaire and celebrity CEO Elon Musk. After he revealed the share purchase, Twitter delayed. Elon Musk, a billionaire who was interested in taking over Twitter with a $44 billion limit, was sued by Twitter investors. Twitter shareholding delayed Elon Musk's disclosure of Twitter shareholding When Musk's shareholding exceeded 5 percent, he was able to save $156 million from chasing shares in the market. Before revealing in early April that Musk had a 9.2 percent stake in Twitter and filed a takeover, one investor claimed to be a loser from Elon. Musk, who revealed his stake late, said that by delaying the disclosure of the number of shares Elon Musk holds on Twitter, Musk was in control of the market and was able to buy shares on Twitter at an undervalued price, and they needed the compensation they should have received from Elon. On this issue, Elon Musk and his personal lawyer. DECLINED TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. An investigation is underway into Elon's Twitter stake. Elon Musk is now considered to be in a positive position as Musk said he could raise an additional $6.25 billion to complete the takeover later this year.
HTC postpones smartphone launch project focused on the metaverse world This is expected from supply chain reasons.|HTC, a former smartphone manufacturer from Taiwan, announced that they were developing a metaverse, but the project had to be postponed due to supply chain problems caused by the COVID-19 pandemic back in February. HTC They said they are preparing to resume developing high-end smartphones. The smartphone is scheduled to be released in April, with the smartphone focusing on the metaverse until late May. There is still no sign of the launch of this metaverse smartphone. HTC's definition of metaverse smartphone is still a question mark of what is a metaverse smartphone, but it can be inferred that a metaverse smartphone would have features related to the three-dimensional virtual world. In December 2018, they launched a smartphone called HTC Exodus 1. However, it must not be forgotten that HTC may be two years away from producing high-end smartphones, with the last model launched by HTC Desire 20 Pro going back to the HTC Desire 20 Pro. Due to supply chain problems, which are the ongoing chain impacts due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This is especially true in Taiwan, where as many as 80,000 new cases per day were reported last week.
Samsung lowers annual smartphone production target from 310 million units to 280 million units|Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, follows in the footsteps of Apple by announcing a 30 million smartphone production target for 2022. The matter has already been notified to the supplier in the first plan. Samsung The company aims to produce 310 million smartphones throughout 2022. Lockdowns in China, skyrocketing inflation and Russia-Ukraine war As a result, samsung's production target has been reduced to 280 million units throughout the rest of this year. Affecting all segments of smartphones, from low-end to high-end models, the news of Samsung's production cuts came just one day. Later, Bloomberg News Agency. Apple said it would cut its production target from 240 million units to 220 million units.
Microsoft slows employment amid economic uncertainty|Microsoft has decided to delay hiring in the teams that develop the Windows and Teams operating systems due to global economic uncertainty. The tech giant is another company that has decided to postpone its new hiring plans, with all subsequent employment of Microsoft having to be approved by Rajesh Jha, Microsoft's executive vice president and spokesperson. He added that the company wants to ensure that the hiring must be appropriate for the situation. The delay in employment did not occur for the entire company. Overall, Microsoft continues to employ new people. But special precautions must be taken under the volatile global economic situation as the above issues affect Microsoft's expansion plans. Windows, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft Office have been one of Microsoft's key departments in recent times. Leading technology companies have announced a slowdown in new hire. Nividia and Snap Inc. for similar reasons such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, inflation spikes, etc. Just in the meta section. There are also cases of Twitter failing to meet its target of user growth and monetization as planned in 2020. It was early May. Microsoft announces nearly doubling budget increase For raising salaries and giving some shares to employees, to keep the company's key employees from moving to competitors, Source: Bloomberg
iPhone 14 adds Always-on display feature limited to Pro models |The latest rumors about the iPhone 14 have been revealed once again, with reports that the iPhone 14 Pro will add a feature called Always-on display, a feature known to Android users about new additions to Apple's flagship smartphone iPhone 14, which is scheduled to launch in September. From the latest situation It's possible Apple may have introduced a feature called Always-on display for the first time, Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports. iOS 16 is a common feature in Android operating systems, but iOS 16 supports always-on display mode to allow users to view notifications without having to turn on the screen. The main reason is because iPhone 14 has a refresh rate starting from 1Hz to 120Hz, but iPhone 13 starts from 10Hz to 120Hz, which is not suitable for the Always-display feature. Enhancing shooting quality with higher resolution front and rear cameras, etc. Source: Techradar
New York State gives ElliQ robots to seniors to help fight loneliness|New York State Offer a robot named ElliQ to nearly a thousand elderly people. The robot's features are responsible for health assistance. The New York State Office for the Aging has come up with a new approach, working with local partners. The robot, named ElliQ, is manufactured by Intuition Robotics from Israel. Helping with family contacts, introducing light exercises, and also having an important reason is to build relationships so that the elderly do not have to feel too lonely. Over the past two years, the elderly have been at greater risk of being alone than people of other ages. That is, the robotics-related industry is booming, growing by as much as 40 percent in the first quarter of 2022 as one of the solutions to the labor problem from the pandemic.
Apple trademarks RealityOS, reinforcing the availability of AR and VR technology|RealityOS, the name of the operating system, has become the name that Apple has filed for trademark, which may signal that Apple is close to launching its own augmented reality and virtual reality technology. The news about AR and VR under Apple's development is once again discussed. When it was discovered that Apple had trademarked AR and VR technology as RealityOS on December 8, 2021, it was not. When a trademark is registered These companies often choose to write down with other company names. Apple used the shell company method by creating a company called Yosemite Research LLC to write down the trademarks of macOS operating systems Yosemite, Big Sur and Monterey. For reasons of development challenges that are complex.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
Netflix tests password-sharing protection functionality in Peru, Chile and Costa Rica|Netflix has previously announced plans to charge users who share passwords. It has tried this policy in Peru, Chile and Costa Rica. The world's largest streaming provider In fact, Netflix's usage policy prohibits this. In a report by the website Rest of the World, it was revealed that Netflix has already begun to tighten restrictions on sharing netflix password outside of households in three countries: Peru, Chile and Costa Rica. Netflix initially charged a user fee of $2-3, and Rest of the World asked to speak to Netflix users in Peru. It found that they had not been charged by Netflix's new policy. however What confuses users the most is the definition of household. Attempts have been made to describe household or household in such a way as a person living under the same eaves, but from the point of view of many users, it is doubtful that in many families the members are not in the same house. Not in the same city, or even in the same state. Therefore, sharing an account or password should be something that can be done.SPONSORED What is interesting after this: what will the protection authorities of Peru, Costa Rica and Chile do if Netflix charges additional usage fees.Source: Rest of the World
Meta changed its symbol from FB to META starting June 9.|Meta announced the change of the ticker symbol for stock market trading from FB to META, reinforcing its position as a social technology company rebranding from Facebook to Meta. After they announced a rebranding in preparation for entering the Metaverse, it was announced in October last year in the early stages of the rebranding. Meta intended to use the trading symbol MVRS, which stands for Metaverse, but the funds that used the symbol META later discontinued it, so Meta chose this symbol. Although Meta is the parent company of popular services such as Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram, meta's next plan is to go beyond social media companies. For the development of the metaverse's surrounding ecosystem, including content and the development of devices that will be used to explore the metaverse, both augmented reality and virtual reality. They believe that the metaverse business will become a very exciting business in 2030SPONSORED Source: The Verge
French bans English game vocabulary, hoping to maintain linguistic purity|French Government Banning English words used in gaming is quite interesting. The French government wants to ban terms in the gaming industry, which are mostly in English, according to The Guardian. A term that is regularly used in today's gaming industry. For example, the word Pro-gamer when used in France must be changed to Joueur professionnel, while the other word, Streamer, has been changed to Joueur-animateur en direct. France's culture minister told AFP that the video game business is full of words or phrases that come primarily from English. Acadmie Franaise, which is comparable to the French Royal Academy, said in February that the presence of words from other languages (especially English) diminishes the importance of French to sponsored. Changes made It affects only the work of government officials and does not affect the general public.Source: The Guardian
Cheryl Sandberg resigned as Meta's chief operating officer effective later this year.|Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Meta, is set to step down later this year. After more than 14 years of working as Meta's number two, Cheryl Sandberg, Chief Operating Officer of Meta, has been working as the number one for Meta. Sandberg joined Meta in 2008, where she was considered the number two organization and was instrumental in making Meta a huge organization in the tech industry in terms of who would take her over. It's Javier Olivevan, whose transfer of positions will officially begin later this year. She said she had informed Mark of her resignation. Zuckerberg last week. However, despite stepping down as chief operating officer, Sandberg remained with Meta. As one of the Board of Directors (Board). Another reason she withdrew from her regular position in Meta was because she wanted to focus on charity work, insisting that it wasn't related to meta's lack of advertising delays, as well as being caught by regulators who kept an eye on meta.
Apple moves iPad production base out of China for the first time|Nikkei Asia said Apple has moved its production base for the popular iPad tablet out of China for the first time, with some of its production coming from Vietnam, Nikkei reported. Apple has moved iPad production out of China for the first time due to the Chinese government's strict lockdown policy, which has affected the production process of BYD. However, the production in Vietnam is still not very large, in the past, Apple has piloted the production of various devices. In Vietnam, it was the production of AirPods Pro 2 before becoming an Apple iPad. Apple's decision to move production out of China to reduce its dependence on manufacturing in China, as well as the ongoing U.S. and Chinese governments, is why Apple has to look for its own manufacturing facilities, choosing production in Vietnam and India at the same time. Apple has asked the supplier who is responsible for producing the iPhone for them. Stock some parts in times of emergency, such as circuit boards and chipsets, to prevent chip shortages. In the case of China's zero-COVID policy.SPONSORED Source: Nikkei Asia
Counterpoint reports on the market overview of Apple Watch smartwatches, successfully maintaining its dominance position.|Counterpoint revealed that smartwatch shipments occurred in the first quarter of 2022, showing that the market grew more than the previous year. Apple Watch, the market research firm Counterpoint Research, revealed smartwatch shipments for the first quarter of 2022. In 2021, Samsung launched the Galaxy Watch4, a smart watch partnered with Google, and consumer feedback was relatively positive for this product, followed by Huawei, which had a market share of 7.2 percent, down from the previous 8.1 percent. The most worrisome part of smartwatch shipments in the second quarter of this year should be in Europe, particularly the Ukraine-Russia conflict. May not be good delivery figures Source: Counterpoint Research
Instagram pops up Amber Alerts feature, a child disappearance notification system on feed pages|Instagram has announced what is known as Amber Alerts, allowing users to see and share cases of missing children in their neighborhoods. Launched new features in 25 countries, none of which are Thailand. Amber Alert notifications for missing children on Instagram will immediately appear on the feed based on the location where the Instagram user lives, which will come with the necessary information about the missing child. Includes images Disappearance locations, etc. Users can share this notification to a wider audience instantly on Instagram. It is emphasized that this feature is not easily seen by ordinary users. Feed impressions are only available if there are missing children in the immediate area. Instagram says it has 25 countries and wants to expand its services in other countries. Amber Alert is not a novelty for Meta, Instagram's parent company, because in 2015 they had already introduced this feature on Facebook, with a format similar to Instagram's, i.e. the display of feeds from the area where users live. In the past, Amber Alert's presence has helped close more than a hundred cases of missing children in the United States. Source: TechCrunch
"Economist" presses government space organizations Act as an innovation control unit|"Economist" presses government space organizations It is an obstacle to the development of space affairs. The private sector is encouraged to fund research. Build a good space engineer The government can't wait. Inviting young people to learn on their own from the online world on June 3, 2022. List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As chairman of the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security (KMDHDES), he said that the development of space affairs in Thailand is the current government organization for space affairs. Failure to share information will hinder the development of space affairs for younger generations who are interested but do not have access to difficult information. Do things that are easy to access with an open data platform that students can easily access. BUT THE THAI SPACE AGENCY HAS MADE IT DIFFICULT, SUCH AS HAVING TO DO OFFICIAL COOPERATION IN ORDER TO OPEN OR PROVIDE INFORMATION TO THE PUBLIC. He said one way to solve the problem now is not to wait for the government because it could lead to chasing other countries. The private sector should provide support. Private sector organizations may help promote research funding instead, which does not cost much money but is worth getting valuable personnel, because if we support research in space affairs for high school and university students, we will get people in all disciplines of science and engineering. Telecommunications, Electronics, Materials Science Energy and more Today, the construction of small satellites, or cubesats, has many levels of research and requires much less capital. Worthwhile in supporting and investing in Setthapong He said he would advise Thai youth not to wait because they can learn from online media such as YouTube, where they can find kits to practice creating cubesat at affordable prices. Teachers can start learning with their students. More importantly, there must be an initiative to create a small research group, Cubesat. And today, there are quite a few Thai youths who do Cubesat projects within schools without relying on the government. Although only one school has successfully launched their satellites into space and made contact with Earth. Some schools can't shoot into space. It can only be tested at a certain altitude. The Cubesat project does not have the end goal of getting a good satellite, but the end goal is to get a good engineer. I advise you to stop thinking about it, because you will waste years accessing and documenting. I recommend high schools and universities to start on their own, because knowledge is at your fingertips. Rely on government organizations as little as possible because there are difficult procedures to access, as it has been the regulation of the world in the past. Traditional procedures can no longer be used to develop for the future. I suggest that high school kids find information on the internet, which includes free online course information, without having to wait to ask the agency responsible for space. It's just creating obstacles and acting as an innovation control organization, not an innovation advocacy organization, and if this continues, we'll still have to hire foreign companies to produce satellites for us forever." Dr. Sethapong said.
Netflix adjusts its policies Focus on quality rather than number of stories|Netflix has changed the way it delivers content, with the number of movies decreasing and focusing on the quality of the movies instead, according to netflix's first quarter 2022 earnings announcement. In addition, competitors in the film and TV series industry, such as Disney Plus and HBO Max, are constantly shaking up Netflix's leading throne. We need to turn back to the usual patterns of the Hollywood film industry. By focusing on quality films rather than the number of Hollywood news stories. Reporter Netflix revealed: There are plans to make more changes to the way they present their content. While Netflix's new approach may not be evident anytime soon, it is believed that Netflix filmmaking will be more prudent than what has been seen over the past decade. Netflix They don't call themselves film companies or TV series producers, but they see themselves as tech companies with the amount of money they have on hand, from various sources of financing, so Netflix doesn't have to appease movie distributors or movie theaters, and it also has a user analytics system, something that competitors still lag behind Netflix. What you can see is Netflix's wide range of content to please its large user base. The key point is that Netflix movies aren't doing well enough. Quality is not related to quantity, and the choice of movies to make Netflix makes poor decisions on this issue. COMPARED TO HOLLYWOOD FILM COMPANIES, WHICH CHOSE TO MAKE BIG-NAME FILMS BECAUSE THEY OFFER BETTER RETURNS AND BETTER DECISIONS THAN SPONSORED. It will affect animated movies or TV series because animation requires high investment but low returns. Because animated and family films are already a job that Disney is good at, it's hard for Netflix to compete with Disney in this genre.
Government of Canada Tim Hortons coffee shop spyed on customers through an application to analyze competitors.|Tim Hortons, a well-known Canadian coffee shop and doughnut, has been arrested by the Canadian government. Investigate the use of customer data through the application. For competitor analysis, the Canadian Privacy Commission In 2020, Tim Hortons used their app to collect a large amount of location and location information from users, especially if their customers visited a coffee shop that rivals Tim. Hortons in the above issue. The Canadian Privacy Commission has called for the removal of data and data collection from all applications, and Tim Hortons has agreed to abide by the terms of the Privacy Commission's full report. The company said it collects data to monitor customer behavior. But the company does not use such information for that purpose. In 2019, Tim Hortons frequently updated the application, particularly those related to location data, to predict where the user was located, where they worked, when they traveled. The investigation found that Tim Hortons' app asked for data to analyze whether customers were likely to move to a competing coffee shop. SPONSORED FOLLOWED BY THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, IT WAS ALSO TRACKED THAT THE CUSTOMER HAD CHANGED THEIR ADDRESS FROM THEIR ORIGINAL ADDRESS. This includes checking when customers who installed the application to see which sporting events they were attending, etc. Understandably, we want to offer special promotions to each customer based on where they are living. When the Canadian Privacy Commission launched an investigation into the matter, Tim Hortons immediately terminated the program.
Apple prepares to return to developing its own search engine|At this time, the news of the development of search engines under the Apple brand is a constant news, but in the end, it often ends with Apple renewing its contract with Google to become the main search engine in Apple devices. Robert Scoble has revealed this via Tech Radar, but Scoble claims that he got information from a conversation with a source, adding that the search engine has not yet been announced at WWDC 2022, with the launch taking place in January next year. Rather, it's about empowering Siri as the current digital assistant. Competition in the search engine market is considered to be a market that is almost no longer competitive because Google is considered the market leader. According to Statcounter, in the first quarter of 2022, Google held a share of 92 percent, followed by Bing with 3 percent, Yahoo with 1.3 percent and Yandex with 1 percent.
Tesla announces plans to pause employment, cut staff by 10 percent|Elon Musk's electric car maker Tesla is set to temporarily halt employment and cut its workforce by 10 percent or more than 10,000 jobs. Elon Musk, co-founder of Tesla electric vehicles Speaking about the need to reduce the number of employees by 10 percent, he admitted that it was a terrible feeling to make such a decision at the same time. The reduction in staff also affects additional hiring practices, with emails sent to Tesla executives. Tesla and Elon Musk's problems are clearly on the rise. The inflation problem is emerging around the world. The lockdown in China in its COVID-19 prevention policy, which Tesla has factories in China, has caused a shortage of chipsets and supply chains. Tesla's representatives declined to provide information for China, the company's second most important Tesla automaker. Second only to factories in the United States. The Tesla plant in Shanghai has been shut down by Chinese government measures since April last year. Tesla A total of 930,422 vehicles were produced and 936,222 vehicles were delivered amid a global chipset shortage.
Foxconn confirms ransomware attack in Mexico factory|Foxconn confirmed the news of a ransomware attack in late May, with the attacked factory in Mexico. It is currently in the process of recovering to return to normal, Foxconn. The electronics company is best known for producing iPhones and iPads for Apple. Foxconn was reportedly attacked by hackers using ransomware before the company confirmed the news to itself as true, a Foxconn representative said, targeting one of the company's factories, located in Mexico. by the company's cyber security team. The affected plant is Baja California, located in Tijuana, the largest city in Baja California, Mexico. Foxconn's factory, which specializes in medical equipment manufacturing and industrial work, reaffirmed that it is returning to normal Foxconn. The situation is optimistic, according to the company's cyber team. LockBit claimed responsibility for the May 31 attack on the Foxconn plant and set a ransom payment deadline of June 11, but there was no confirmation as to whether Foxconn had agreed to pay the ransom.SPONSORED Source: Techcrunch
Elon Musk unveils Tesla Bot "Optimus" on September 30|Elon Musk has excited his fans again. When implied that the Tesla Bot or Optimus robot under the Tesla brand. Tesla co-founder Elon Musk tweeted the news of the move of AI Day to September 30, giving an interesting reason that Tesla may launch a robot under the Tesla brand Optimus. Everyone around the world who pays attention to Optimus will see the first operation of this robot dating back to January. Elon Musk says optimus robots are the solution to the labor shortage. In addition, at the first launch of the Tesla Bot in 2021, Elon Musk stated that the robot will be responsible for performing repetitive and tedious tasks instead of humans. Another interesting thing is whether Tesla's Optimus robots will ultimately work as advertised by Elon Musk, as companies that work exclusively in robots such as Boston Dynamics and Atlas are still working limitedly amid the news of AI Day.
WWDC 2022 Big Event Apple Developer Dream Point Starts Tonight|The WWDC 2022, or Worldwide Developers Conference 2022, held online this year, is geared up for 30 million developers around the world to experience something new to bring ideas to life. Set at midnight on June 6-10, Apple's big event aims for WWDC 2022 to be a meeting point for developers to exchange ideas and experience from WWDC. Get information, technology and tools that can turn ideas into reality. This event will see the latest upcoming frameworks in iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS. Learning Lab WWDC 2022 schedule includes an Apple Keynote release time at 10:00 a.m. local time on June 6, or around midnight on June 6, 2022, when a new update is available on the Apple platform around 3 a.m. to learn more about the Platforms State of the Union, where developers will learn how to improve the app. Apple has selected three winners: Jones Mays II, 17, Angelina Tsuboi, 16, and Josh Tint, 19, for WWDC 202 apple.com 2.
MacBook Air M2 new specs from Apple, fast, light, long battery life|Apple's newest MacBook Air M2 chip was unveiled at WWDC 2022 last night. Focus on thinner selling points, lighter, and faster downloads. Larger monitors, long-lasting batteries, and MagSafe charging are buzzing with Google in recent hours. Apple unveils MacBook Air M2 with new specs and designs From the M2 screen chip to the M2 chip, Apple's second-generation M family of chips has the advantages of the M1, such as an energy-efficient 8-core CPU. The MacBook Air M2 is a 13.6-inch Liquid Retina display, the FaceTime HD camera has 1080p resolution, 4-speaker audio, up to 18 hours of battery life, and MagSafe charging that provides users with a dedicated port for easy charging and also protects the MacAir while plugged in. The 13-inch MacBook Pro M2 is also launched, starting at 46,900 baht and 43,900 baht.
Apple launches iOS16 experience, enhances new features What's interesting?|The appeal of Apple WWDC 2022 is not only the Macbook Air M2, but iOS16. By enhancing new features, it's easier to use. More comfortable than old iOS16 Change the familiarity of traditional lock screens to be more freely customizable and dimensional. In addition to choosing the image you like, you can also choose fonts. Choose a color, with a widget that's very simulated from the Apple Watch dial, making it easy to see the information you need, such as upcoming calendar events. weather Battery level Alarms, time zones, activity ring progress, and more, including real-time notifications of events or updates, such as sporting events, ride-hailing apps, etc. And soon in the Messages app, SharePlay will be able to connect to other content such as watching movies, listening to music, and control shared playback while chatting in the Messages app.SPONSORED The Mail app iOS16 upgrades to be able to schedule emails in advance and can cancel sending messages before sending them to recipients. You can translate text and convert money from images without relying on Google Translate. You can also copy images into other apps, such as text, instantly and cut the background image for the wallet app. Apple Pay Late is used to pay for purchases made through Apple Pay in four equal installments over a period of six weeks, with no interest or fees, and the Tap to Pay feature turns an iPhone or Apple Watch into a payment device with touch. No EDC required, and real-time product status tracking is also possible. Upgrade your CarPlay connectivity to include fuel level display, cabin temperature, etc. In addition to all these highlighted features, iOS16 adds a lot of convenience, including Safari, which makes sharing more convenient, and more secure to use. Apple Maps adds up to 15 pre-planned multi-stop route launches with fares and adds to the Wallet app to refill, for example Apple.com.
European Union Prepare to enforce USB-C for charging electronic devices Starting late 2024|The European Union has announced guidelines requiring electronics manufacturers, both smartphones and tablets, to switch to USB-C as a standard port, which affects iPhones made by Apple because they currently use Lightning ports, but Apple has until 2024 to adapt to the EU agreement. Smartphones and tablets, in particular, must have the same charging standards, with the main goal of saving consumers' pockets and reducing e-waste after a long push. On Tuesday local time in Europe. European Commission Reached an agreement to enforce USB-C ports as the base ports for charging smartphones, tablets, e-readers, digital cameras, headsets, game consoles and portable speakers representing the European Union. The company that has the most problems with the major changes in the EU is Apple, as their smartphones like the iPhone and iPad in some models, such as the 2021 version of the iPad 10.2, continue to use the Lightning port. Many of Apple's devices have already switched to USB-C, such as the iPad mini (2021) and iPad Air (2022). Most of them already use USB-C as their primary port.
Instagram adds new capabilities to pin up to 3 profile posts|Instagram has announced its latest feature, which will allow users to pin up to three reels photos and short videos. They believe it gives creators more flexibility. to express yourself on your profile page. Starting today, users can pin their own posts to both photos and short videos by tapping on the Three dots in the upper-right corner and selecting Pin to your profile. Of course, the functionality of the new features from Instagram is similar to using Pin to your profile on Twitter or Pin a post on Facebook.
The former OnePlus co-founder is set to launch his first smartphone, Nothing Phone (1), on July 12.|Nothing, a consumer technology startup Carl Pei, the former co-founder of OnePlus, announced the launch of the first smartphone of Nothing, a startup he recently founded. Following the launch of Nothing Phone (1) last year, the launch of Nothing Phone (1) was held in London, UK, with the event itself open to the public (in-person event) and the live broadcast starting at 11:00 am Eastern Standard Time at 4pm (Tuesday, July 12). The screen is OLED, supports 120Hz refresh rate. The external structure of the machine is made of recycled aluminum. The rear design is translucent. It uses a Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset, whose model name has not yet been confirmed, and supports wireless charging.
Twitter gives Elon Musk the green light to investigate fake account information|Twitter is set to allow Elon Musk to access twitter's internal data to investigate fake accounts after Tesla's CEO threatened to drop the twitter deal. The world's largest social media provider Preparing to open the way for Tesla CEO Elon Musk It wants to check twitter's fake accounts. Musk later believed twitter's fake accounts could be as many as 20 percent, but in a Twitter report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, it was only 5 percent. Of the 229 million users worldwide, Twitter has allowed Elon Musk to investigate fake accounts on the Twitter platform, as Elon Musk has threatened that if he doesn't do so, a $44 billion takeover deal will be knocked off the board immediately. Elon Musk's data flows over 500 million tweets per day, including devices used by users. and information of the Twitter account holder. It's because fake accounts or bot accounts are non-human-operated accounts that may be created for advertising or automatic responses, but on the other hand, those fake accounts have political purposes, including fraudulent accounts for the merger of Twitter and Elon Musk. At a previously agreed price of US$44 billion, Source: The Guardian
Microsoft rethinks its stance Do not block the move to work with a competing company.|Microsoft has revised its policy, lifting restrictions on moving to rival companies like Google or Amazon except for high-level positions, as well as increasing the clarity of salary rates, the Business News Agency reported. Insider Microsoft employees will have more freedom to move, he said. They could move to the same tech giants like Google or Amazon to change their policies to allow Microsoft employees to move jobs. It was also announced on the company's official blog in the past. Microsoft has attempted to intercept the company's general employees. Do not move directly to work with competitors. It's understandable to see microsoft senior managers, senior managers and commercial partners, but in general staff, such a lockdown is too strict, and many agree that it should be abolished to give general employees autonomy to the new Microsoft policy. It's already in effect. Employees in senior positions such as C-level, senior managers and company partners are exempt from this policy. Microsoft's change to that policy, it must say, comes from President Joe Biden's policy of using executive orders for the Federal Trade Commission to unblock freedom of work in order to increase the mobility of the labor market. Microsoft also has guidelines to set salary rates for each type of job more clearly. It provides a definitive salary from job advertising to job advertising, covering all microsoft inside and outside the United States. They announced clearer salary figures because they believed it would help reduce inequality in wages due to bias towards gender or racial issues, which will go live in January 2023.
"Sethapong" hijacks "public-private sector" to actively promote space affairs|"Space Department" The U.S. National Space and Rocket Center representatives in Thailand and the "Space Camp Thailand" project are examples of the new opening of the "King Mongkut's Space Engineering Ladkrabang" program. It is believed that it will increase the opportunity to develop space potential, hoping to become a learning hub for youth development on June 9, 2022. Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security In the Communications Commission Telecommunications and Digital for Economy and Society, House of Representatives Speaking at this week's subcommittee meeting, he said that our subcommittee is committed to the development of space affairs, especially for young people. student Students we must give them the opportunity to access information and knowledge. We have invited representatives from relevant agencies to discuss the implementation of Space Camp Thailand. U.S. National Space and Rocket Center Representative in Thailand Asst. Prof. Sak Yuyen Dean, Nanchart College of Aviation Industry, King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang Mr. Tatiya Chuenkul Deputy Director, Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization), GISTDA, etc., and scholarship students from the Thai Astronaut Discovery Scholarship Program. Discover Thailand's Astronaut Scholarship Program, SPONSORED, said that it will drive the development of space affairs in Thailand. In addition to the awareness of people in the space industry, it is important to actively cooperate with the public and private sectors, as well as international coordination, in which the implementation of Space Camp Thailand will be another channel that increases opportunities for interested people or gives opportunities for people who are not interested to become more open that it is not far away anymore. Children will gain new inspiration and knowledge to experiment in new space, which can be applied in the future. King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang has launched a new course in space engineering, but the society is not aware of it, so it needs to be actively promoted and other projects must be done continuously, the chairman of the subcommittee said. U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama, USA, to study the preliminary space exploration of the Discover Thailand's Astronauts Scholarship Program (DTAS) 4th edition and STEAM-SPACE cooperation negotiations with the U.S. National Space and Rocket Center and other related agencies. The group traveled to the United States last month and entered into an agreement with NASA Servir founder and director Dr. Dan Irwin to establish the Geospatial Data Elastic Agriculture program. The meeting also discussed the development of Future STEAM & SPACE Leaning PARC, a project to create a new generation of learning centers and museums in STEAM and SPACE, which will create a learning hub for youth development. To be able to develop future skills in preparing for the future industry that relies on STEAM as a basis, including to be a learning center, meet and exchange opinions of interested people, as well as to raise awareness and participation of people to be more interested in space affairs.
Google Maps adds air quality index data to iOS and Android operating systems|Google has revealed via its web blog that it is adding air quality index (AQI) data to its Google Maps application, supporting both iOS and Android. Google has reported a new feature that has been added to the Google Maps app. This feature adds data to the Air Quality Index data, better known as AQI, of course, air quality data will be especially useful for travel preparedness, especially in some areas where PM 2.5 may occur, which allows travelers to plan to escape from this toxic dust. The Air Quality Index also limits service countries such as the United States and not Thailand, but it is believed that in the near future, the service scope of this feature should be expanded.
Meta pauses the development of smartwatches.|Meta stopped developing smartwatches, devices that meta hoped to evolve to rival Apple's Apple Watch. (Apple), bloomberg news agency reports. Meta has paused the development of its own smartwatch. According to insider sources close to Meta, it is said that the smartwatches of the meta brand have been developing for more than two years. Supports Wi-Fi, GPS, Spotify applications and those applications related to physical activity cause meta. The development had to be paused because of the system of the two cameras that in the above. The first camera is located under the display and the second camera is behind it, and the problem is with the second camera due to the instability of translating signals from the wrist to digital commands. Although this smartwatch of meta has paused development, other devices belonging to other wearable groups are still in the process of being developed.sponsored Source: Bloomberg
How-to Unsubscribe from Disney Plus|Disney Plus is a streaming service from Disney that is considered a major streaming service provider. As opposed to Netflix or HBO Max, the content available on Disney Plus is quite a choice. These include Marvel and Star Wars films and series, animated films developed by Disney Studios and Pixar. In addition, there are also twenty-owned movies. 20th Century Fox, now in Disney's hands, has gone all the way to documentaries. When Disney Plus subscribers I don't want to go any further, how can I stop being a member, with the issue of canceling my membership being one of the most popular search terms on Google Search? In addition to canceling via myAIS application, you can cancel via AIS Contact Center 1175, Televiz and AIS Shop.
Intel pauses hiring key positions Impact on PC and Laptop Department|Intel (Intel) announced a two-week hiatus for priority positions. From the problem of inflation From the war between Russia and Ukraine to the lockdown in China Intel. The world's largest chipset manufacturer Prepare to stop hiring new hires The departments affected by this temporary employment shutdown policy are the PC division and the laptop chipset manufacturer's division to reduce administrative costs during this period. Intel has immediately reduced group travel. Cut budgets for offline conferences instead of online. If this is possible, stopping employment in key positions within Intel will maintain this policy for at least two weeks. If the situation improves, it will return to normal employment, stopping employment in the technology industry. At this time, it should also be noted that it happens in many companies, including Meta, Tesla, and Microsoft, among others, that the problem that prevents leading technology companies from gaining employment is due to the uncertainty of the economy in the big picture. With inflation rising, followed by the Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as China's lockdown policy, which has had a significant impact on transportation for the above reasons, it is believed that the revenue and profit of technology companies in the second quarter of 2022 will be somewhat less than the targets set by each company.sponsored Source: Fox Business
HTC returns to smartphone business, sending Viveverse launches June 28|HTC is a former smartphone giant. The official Twitter account revealed about the launch of a new smartphone called Viveverse, which is likely to be associated with the Metaverse, a Taiwanese smartphone maker, HTC. It is in the process of returning to the smartphone business. By this return. They have promoted the new smartphone through the Twitter channel. Viveverse is marketing the twitter message of the @htc account, confirming that Viveverse officially launched on June 28 with the slogan Log in to the Future. It doesn't say much, but it is believed that Viveverse must be associated with the metaverse, which is one of the things HTC tried to push earlier in March. HTC It said it would launch a smartphone that embraced the concept of the metaverse, but in the end no one was released. Therefore, the launch of the metaverse smartphone has to be postponed.
Jay-Z and Jack Dorsey launch Bitcoin Academy crypto course|Celebrity rapper Jay-Z joins forces with Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter. We're launching a dedicated cryptocurrency course called Bitcoin Academy Shawn Carter, also known as Jay-Z. Rapper and investor and former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has announced the launch of Bitcoin Academy, a cryptocurrency learning course to create access to cryptocurrencies. New York, in addition to creating opportunities for access to cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin Academy aims to educate learners. Bitcoin Academy's general financial understanding will be available offline and virtual classes will be open from June 22 to September 7, with speakers specializing in cryptocurrencies. Tweeting on his @SC Twitter account that Bitcoin Academy aims to provide tools to create freedom for themselves and the communities surrounding themSPONSORED for Jay-Z is one of the celebrities who are trying to promote wealth among the black community. By encouraging people to own real estate to create financial freedom. He also wants to expand Bitcoin Academy to other areas in the near future.
Wikipedia appealed the fine from the Russian government. On the issue of war with Ukraine|Courts in Moscow A fine of 5 million rubles was imposed on the Wikimedia Foundation, which oversees the Wikipedia website, which later appealed, confirming that the articles related to Russian and Ukrainian issues on the website were accurate. Appeal to a court in Moscow, Russia. Wikipedia, an online encyclopedia website in charge of the Wikimedia Foundation, was later accused by the Russian government of being on the Wikipedia website. Wikimedia appealed last week, confirming that the article appeared on the Wikipedia website was confirmed by verified sources. Wikimedia fined 5 million rubles, which amounted to approximately 3 million Thai baht. The case was heard in April. In addition, it is estimated that the Russian government A COMMENT ON WIKIPEDIA'S CASE MAY BE RELEASED NEXT WEEK. Articles sensitive to the Russian government All of them are related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. All of this is seen as fake news during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Western technology companies, particularly in the United States, have been fined by courts in Russia. One of them was Google, which later filed for bankruptcy in Russia. Because the bank account has been suspended, no further action can be taken. Roskomnadzor, the russian government's information and technology agency, eventually went bankrupt. Wikipedia has periodically asked for information and articles that are good for Russia to be removed from its website, but Wikipedia rejects such demands. There is also the issue of wikipedia's content moderator being arrested in Belarus. Russia's key allies last March also came.Source: The Verge
Google pays 4,200 million baht to female employees after being accused of unequal pay|Google has agreed to pay more than $118 million to more than 15,500 female employees after the wages paid to them were less than those of male employees after a long-standing issue over unfair pay between female and male employees. The job titles are similar in that of big companies like Google. Google eventually agreed to pay $118 million to end the class action lawsuit, which resulted in more than 15,500 female Google employees working for Google. California offices in 2013 will receive compensation. After deducting attorney fees and other expenses, Google's female employees will receive approximately U.S. $5,500 each. The end of the case also includes the appointment of an independent consultant, a third party, who will look into Google's hiring and pay guidelines. This approach is believed to help ensure fair pay in the organization, Google said in a statement. After five years of work, both sides agreed. And Google is very pleased to reach this agreement to promote equalitySPONSORED Source: arstechnica
Mark Zuckerberg shares a photo on his desk while working with a MacBook, but uses a photoshop to remove the Apple logo.|Mark Zuckerberg posted a surprise photo. It depicts him sitting at work. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, posted a private Facebook photo of him sitting on an Apple MacBook laptop, surrounded by fast food from McDonald's. however The point that caught the eyes of netizens in this photo was the MacBook image, which does not have the Apple logo, which makes one wonder why Photoshop removed the Apple logo. ZuckerbergSPONSORED This is possible because Apple and Meta have had several controversial issues in the past, one of which is the so-called App Tracking Transparency (ATT) policy, which caused Meta to lose a large chunk of its revenue in the previous quarter. When revenues don't meet their targets, it affects employment and meta's future projects if it goes back to 2018, at which time meta had problems with Apple, with Tim Cook criticizing Meta's handling of user data. Zuckerberg Although Meta and Apple have been in trouble for years in the company, it can be said that Mark Zuckerberg is still a fan of at least one Apple product, the MacBook.
Apple pays $2.5 billion to acquire MLS broadcast rights|Major League Soccer (MLS), the U.S. professional soccer league, has reached a $2.5 billion deal with Apple to host live broadcasts for 10 years. The contract between Apple and MLS is binding for 10 years, worth $2.5 billion, with live broadcasts on Apple TV platforms. Major League Soccer Apple also broadcasts Major League Baseball, or MLB, as a Friday night game.
Instagram acknowledges Stories issue replayed in iOS, bug fix released update|Instagram, a short photo and video sharing service provider, has acknowledged the problems faced by many users around the world despite having watched it earlier, and has released an update to fix the bug in the new version 239.1 in the last 1-2 days. Face the problem at Instagram Stories, one of the key features of Instagram. Even if users may have already seen the stories on Instagram, they have been made aware of the issue. After seeing the resonance from users in various communities, whether on Twitter or even Reddit, a famous discussion board, Instagram has accelerated to solve this problem in order to get usage back to normal. Instagram has not specified exactly what caused the problem. Instagram's latest update to version 239.1, just released Wednesday morning US time, coincides with Thailand time on Thursday morning. Has successfully solved the replay Stories issue Source: Mashable
Adidas filed a lawsuit against Nike for violating nine technology patents.|A three-dash german brand has filed a lawsuit against Nike for infringing on nine technological patents. When Adidas sued Nike for patent infringement. Documents in Adidas' lawsuit against Nike, a German three-stripe brand, claim that Nike Nine of their technology patent infringements, ranging from the design of the Adidas_1 sneakers to the adidas shoe ordering app, targeted at Nike Adapt, a smart sneaker. There is a direct selling point at Enabled and customizable to fit the shape of your feet through the Nike Adapt app, Nike Adapt is a sneaker inspired by the movie Back to the Future, part of Marty McFly's shoes. The protagonist wore it and released a trial version in 2016 before being refined to become a commercial sneaker in 2019. Adidas claims that Nike copied from Adidas_1 from the Adidas_1 sneaker to the first model to adjust touch and comfort while wearing through devices such as motors and sensors. Adidas Confirmed was launched in February 2015, while Nike SNKRS was launched three months later. Adidas had a similar problem with brand Under Armour, which owned Map My Fitness in 2014. The most recent one occurred in December last year when Nike filed a lawsuit against adidas because the three-dash brand infringed its design patent with Nike's Flyknit technology in more than 49 sneaker models, which Adidas calls the similar technology Primeknit.
Meta overhauls Instagram algorithm, fights TikTok specifically|Meta, the parent company that developed the Instagram app, is set to make a big push on its short video feature Reels to fight the heat of TikTok, The Verge reported. Prepare to modify the algorithms in the Search and Suggest Content section, or Discovery Engine, to help prioritize posts that Instagram would recommend users to watch videos that Meta finds interesting. Documents published by The Verge According to a document released in April, meta executives want Reels to be a successful service, a global platform, and unlock more potential than just a typical photo-sharing application. It's one of the features built into the Instagram app, inspired by TikTok. The service was later extended to Facebook in the same report. Also revealed: Meta The idea is to combine Facebook and Messenger services into one application. However, it is unclear when the changes to both Instagram and Facebook mentioned above will change.SOURCE: The VergeSPONSORED
Bill Gates criticizes NFT technology as opposed to greater fool theory.|Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates rejected investments in digital assets but chose to invest in tangible assets. The phenomenon of NFTs matches the greater fool theory, Bill Gates, the world's leading billionaire and one of the co-founders of tech companies like Microsoft. Said at some point at the Climate Change Seminar. Hosted by Tech Crunch News Agency Talking about the rise of cryptocurrencies and NFTs, Bill Gates said he likes to invest in tangible assets such as farms or factories or any company that has products coming out. Whether it's a short-term or long-term investment. Bill Gates also noted that some digital assets are designed and developed to avoid taxes or government regulations.sponsored Bill Gates added that the trend of NFTs matches the greater fool theory, especially if investors believe that any asset is too expensive to be true, but those investors are still thinking about investing in it.
Spotify to announce 25 percent reduction in employment|Spotify, a music streaming service provider, is another company from the tech world that has cut its employment, like Twitter, Meta, Netflix and TeslasSpotify. The company is preparing to cut new hires by 25 percent, mainly due to concerns about the economy due to the recession. From economic uncertainty, Paul Fogle Chief Financial Officer, Spotify Admittedly, they are aware of global economic uncertainty. IT HASN'T BEEN SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED YET, BUT SPOTIFY IS KEEPING AN EYE ON THE SITUATION AND HAS BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN ASSESSING HEADCOUNT GROWTH IN THE NEAR TERM. Daniel Egg, CEO and co-founder, spoke about the company's growth to investors. Testing artists presenting NFT work on their profile pages and entering new markets like audiobooks or audiobooks without mentioning the tendency to reduce the number of new hires. Spotify employs 6,600 people worldwide, a figure reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In December 2021, 18 percent more than the same period of 2020.
Elon Musk meets first Twitter employee Emphasize freedom of expression as the most important.|The first meeting between Elon Musk and Twitter employees has been completed. In this talk, Musk continued to emphasize freedom of expression. In addition, refusing to answer questions about Elon Musk's dismissal, he had the opportunity to meet directly with Twitter employees for the first time. San Francisco on Thursday said it was the first time since Elon Musk agreed to a $44 billion acquisition of Twitter in April. Elon Musk emphasized freedom of expression as long as it is within the framework of the law, and also said that he wants to monitor real human accounts on Twitter, but that does not mean that he wants Twitter users to switch to the same real name as Facebook. Elon Musk's demands are clear: he wants Twitter to have 1 billion active users. however THE FIGURE IS FOUR TIMES GREATER THAN THE CURRENT USER BASE, SO IT'S AN ELEPHANT JOB FOR MUSK, HE SAID. Musk did not answer directly, but chose to answer that twitter's cost now is more than incoming revenue, that is a bad situation in terms of working remotely, which is Twitter's policy to allow employees to work from home indefinitely. If the acquisition is completed, this is similar to the relocation of Tesla's headquarters. (Tesla) went to Texas for tax reasons. Twitter's current headquarters is in San Francisco. So far, it's unclear whether the bilateral meeting between Elon Musk and Twitter will help bring the two sides closer together. On the other hand, it's no less surprising. Because the deal between Twitter and Elon Musk hasn't been completed, but there's been a meeting to discuss.
Microsoft launches Microsoft Defender application supporting Windows, macOS, iOS and Android|Microsoft has launched a new application covering all platforms including Windows, macOS, iOS and Android. Microsoft Defender announced the launch of Microsoft Defender, a cybersecurity application. The app is cross-platform, regardless of whether the platform is available, including Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android. Easy to understandMicrosoft Defender is now available to Microsoft 365 Personal and Family members. however In-app features vary slightly depending on the conditions of each platform, for example, on iOS and iPadOS, there is no antivirus protection, but instead anti-phishing features. The application on Android comes with an antivirus system. Scanning for malicious applications, as well as scanning links that are likely to be considered phishing. Microsoft has added a section that helps protect the security of user devices. The tips are primarily found in Windows and macOSSPONSORED operating systems, said Vasu Jackal, Microsoft's vice president of security, said: "We at Microsoft are very excited about expanding our personal user security portfolio and it's been an exciting journey for us as a cybersecurity company. In addition, it is a starting point for moving forward, adding new features to keep users safe when used online.
Tesla shareholders file lawsuit against Elon Musk over creating a toxic work culture|One of Tesla's shareholders filed a lawsuit against Elon Musk over a number of issues, including creating a toxic corporate culture. To the news of the sexual harassment, Solomon Chow, an investor with shares in Tesla, has sued a court in Austin. He accused the organization's top executives. Elon Musk's character and senior management have undermined trust by encouraging a variety of forms of harassment, including sexual harassment and discrimination. As a result, the internal organization has a toxic appearance. This has been brewing for years, and it was recently demonstrated that Solomon Chow stressed that Tesla's toxic culture will have irreparable implications for both the company's finances and reputation. All of this will go towards the legal arrangements of both public and private regulators at this time. Tesla Tesla is facing lawsuits from the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing over discrimination against black employees at Tesla's San Francisco plant and for sexual harassment of female employees at the Fremont plant. Musk said he was emotionally distracted, which was embarrassing to employees, and Musk, who likened it to the image of the organization, but repeatedly tweeted in a way that was uncomfortable. Gwenn Shotwell SpaceX's president said the company had terminated the employment of a number of employees involved in the letter because it was written that made employees uncomfortable. Intimidation, coercion Pressured to co-sign something that is not reflected by their comments Source: Bloomberg, NYTimes
UK consumers file 750m lawsuit against Apple Knots reduce performance on older iPhones|Millions of iPhone users in the UK There is a chance of compensation for Apple's slowing down performance of older iPhones. Face another lawsuit. Justin Gatmann filed a lawsuit against Apple over a new version of the operating system, which was supposed to improve performance, but in fact reversed and slowed down the functionality of older iPhones. More than 25 million users include iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Xgatmann. Apple's decision at the time was announced, he said. No information is clearly disclosed to the user. It is also masked that the battery of the older iPhone above is not compatible with the new features. Instead of issuing a free battery restore or replacement program to users, no action has been taken, or even acknowledged that updating the operating system version is not suitable for older iPhone devices because it will worsen the overall performance of the device by up to 58 percent. Apple's goal is to create products that customers have always loved. Making each iPhone last as long as possible It's an important part of Apple. iPhone usage in each model Apple has been haunted by several battery-related incidents, known in English as the Batterygate incident, and in 2020, Apple had to pay $113 million in compensation to end allegations that older iPhones were slowing down performance. New iPhone models A lot of people are affected by the update of the new version of the iOS operating system. This results in older iPhone devices. Apple initially claimed that the iPhone's performance degradation to prevent older iPhones from suddenly stopping working would affect its lifespan, but eventually led to lawsuits, and Apple eventually lost the case.
Meta, in partnership with Balenciaga, Prada and Thom Browne, opened a digital apparel shop.|The Meta moves one step closer to the Metaverse. With the announcement of the opening of a digital apparel store or Meta Avatars Store for the purchase of avatar decoration items of Mark users. Zuckerberg He revealed this via his Facebook post about the launch of the Meta Avatars Store, which will be supported on Facebook, Instagram and Messenger platforms. Don't forget to mention the metaverse, which is the futuristic world and the whole world of meta at this time. Items can be purchased as owners to decorate their avatar characters. To show your style, the arrival of the Meta Avatars Store is quite interesting. Meta has partnered with the world's high-end fashion brands. Balenciaga, Prada and Thom Browne. Zuckerberg has confirmed that it will open stores for developers to create and sell clothing, as well as expanding partnerships to leading clothing brands in the future.sponsored for the Meta Avatars Store will be available next week in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Thailand.
TikTok chief executive tells us it's an entertainment platform, not a Facebook social media.|While Facebook wants to actively fight TikTok, in the corner of tiktok's top executives, it's not. Instead, they have different views, believing that TikTok is an entertainment platform, not a social media platform. TikTok's Global Head of Business Solutions In an interview with CNBC, he stressed that Facebook is a social media platform. They've created algorithms through references from social graphs, that's their core, but it's not us who tick tock interesting things. From the words that came out of Blake Chandly's mouth. He worked for Facebook for 12 years before joining TikTok in 2019. If you try to copy what TikTok does, it will end up providing an experience that is inferior to that of users and the Facebook brand. Instagram Reels was launched in 2020, with almost all of the meat almost cloning from TikTok, and has also extended its services to Facebook. He said that the difference between Facebook and TikTok lies in the fact that they are social media platforms, but TikTok is an entertainment platform, which is a significant difference, especially in terms of leading cultural trends and bringing experiences like no other on TikTok.Sponsored Chandly gave an example that when he was working for Facebook, Google had the idea to develop social media called Google Plus (Google+), but in the end it failed later. Google is good at search engines, but Facebook is doing well in social media games. No matter how much money Google pours into Google Plus, it can't compete with Facebook. Facebook's social media has become a place for people to connect with friends, share photos and update their stories, although at that time Facebook set up a warroom to deal with the arrival of Google Plus. The Verge news agency reported that Facebook is looking to develop an algorithm. To combat TikTok in the short video market, read more: Meta Instagram algorithm overhaul specifically fights TikTok, in addition, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Meta, admitted earlier this year that TikTok was actually their main competitor, Chandly. He concluded that he still deeply respects Mark Zuckerberg and sees Facebook and Google as strong competitors. In a variety of different markets, including e-commerce and live streams Source: CNBC
U.S. Senator It calls for USB-C to be used as the same central standard as in Europe.|U.S. senators are hoping to adopt USB-C as a central standard similar to the European Union to reduce e-waste production after the EU reached an agreement to use USB-C as a central standard port for charging smartphones. On the same issue, the U.S. Senate has proposed the use of USB-C as a central standard in the United States. Three Democratic senators  Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey  submitted an open letter to Gina. Commerce Secretary Raimondo sought to point out that the United States should take action against the EU on USB-C because different charging cables generate up to 11,000 tons of e-waste per year. He said the policy has the potential to significantly reduce e-waste. It also helps consumers who are tired of finding charging cables. It's tangled in a drawer to find the same type of charging cable as the device you're charging, or else you'll have to buy a new one at the same time. Democratic Senator Usb-C is now considered the standard port for electronics because many devices use USB-C extensively, but leading companies like Apple still use Lightning cables in the latest devices like the iPhone 13, while some MacBooks and iPads have switched to USB-C. Source: TechCrunch
TikTok migrates U.S. user data to Oracle, easing concerns about access to data by Chinese government|TikTok announces migration of U.S. users It was kept under the supervision of Oracle after concerns arose that the Chinese government was "not aware of the situation". Access to user data and privacy in the U.S., according to an earlier report by Buzzfeed News. ByteDance employees in China The personal information of TikTok users in the United States can be accessed at the latest. TikTok's new move will move all U.S. user storage locations to Oracle services. Under the main objective to alleviate concerns and safety, TikTok is a service that comes from China, in fact. It should be mentioned that some employees who are engineers in ByteDance in China have access to user data located in the United States, but as a result of this incident, TikTok needs to restrict access to the data and reduce the number of people who can log in. They insisted that they had never provided U.S.-based user information to Chinese authorities, and that when requested, they were denied every time. TikTok He also said that TikTok's cyber security system is heavily strengthened by world-class security experts. Sponsored, a representative of TikTok, further confirms that today 100 percent of all U.S. traffic goes directly to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. We are working closely to develop data management protocols to monitor and provide peace of mind to existing users. TikTok Over 1 billion users worldwide source: The Guardian, Buzzfeed
Translucia joins forces with Two Bulls to create metaverse research center|Translusia with Two Bulls from Australia Launch of metaverse R&D center The research budget is set at USD 100 million. The founder of the Translucia Group said that at this time, there are not many metaverse research centers around the world. Translusia is one of the few places in the world to have a research center. Translucia has partnered with Two Bulls, an Australian government-accredited company, with the goal of becoming one of the world's leading metaverse research centres. He also said he wanted to make Translusia a metaverse that could bring happiness and smiles that all people could live in. James Kane, CEO of Two Bulls, said the establishment of the Metaverse Research Center is a collaboration between Thailand and Australia. Tubuls will play a key role in co-developing and managing the Metaverse Research Center through the collection of data and the creation of user behavior in the metaverse. In particular, creating a fun element for translusia users in the blockchain technology design developer will be Pellar's job. Pellar Technology to support activities related to digital assets In the Translusia metaverse, these digital assets are developed for use in the virtual world and can be used in the real world.
Mark Zuckerberg admits it will take years for VR headsets to be complete, ensuring the company travels the right way.|Meta CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has revealed that the company is now betting on the future with the Metaverse, spending more than a billion dollars to perfect AR and VR headphones, Yahoo Finance reported at a virtual roundtable meeting last week. Mark Zuckerberg Admittedly, it will take years for smaller VR and AR headsets to display the most realistic and perfect images. However, meta is slowly creeping towards that goal, the major challenge in meta's view right now lies in the Developing AR and VR headsets to deliver realistic colours If meta can handle these challenges, we're going to have to deal with it. The decision to transition to a metaverse company will be successful. On the contrary, if it does not succeed. Meta could be in a difficult situation going back to 2021, with reports suggesting that meta has invested all aspects of its budget on the metaverse. Not less than $10 billion, which is the budget spent on metaverse, is considered to be higher every year. THE METAVERSE BUSINESS PLAN IS ALSO LOOSELY DEFINED AS A BUSINESS PLAN, WHERE USERS CAN INTERACT VIA AR AND VR HEADSETS WHILE ONLINE. Clegg, meta's chief global affairs officer, said it would take another 10-15 years before everything was complete, including the technology behind it. To get there, meta has to invest heavily in hardware, meta hardware investments. Enough to see some concrete, especially Mark's recent post. Zuckerberg on his Facebook page, which featured a prototype of AR and VR glasses. The prototype is still in the process of developing image resolution, focus and brightness values, Zuckerberg said, adding that human vision is extremely complex. Realistic vision alone isn't enough to make you feel like you're actually in that place. Meta It's not the only company that's researching metaverse and augmented reality and virtual reality technologies, because Apple is also quiet about developments, which could be seen later this year or early next year.
Twitter board approves Elon Musk's takeover plan |Twitter's board of directors gave the green light to Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter after the Tesla CEO made a formal offer in mid-April. Elon Musk has made an offer of $44 billion to acquire Twitter. latest Twitter's Board of Directors This takeover has been approved for the acquisition of Twitter. That means this trade is $54.2 per share, higher than Twitter's current share price, which is about $38.91 per share. It is the process of shareholders' resolution, then the audit of fake accounts and bot accounts, which is what Elon Musk expressed the most concern about, especially on Twitter. It has always been asserted that there are only 5 percent of fake accounts and bot accounts on the platform, contrary to Musk's belief that it could be as high as 20 percent if the fake account verification is successful. By the time Elon Musk actually took over Twitter. THE BIGGEST CHALLENGE FOR HIM IS TO MAKE TWITTER SUSTAINABLE, ESPECIALLY FROM NON-ADVERTISING SYSTEMS SUCH AS SUBSCRIPTION SYSTEMS AND OTHER SERVICES TO DIVERSIFY REVENUE STREAMS.
Microsoft says Russia escalates cyberattacks against Ukraine allies|Microsoft (Microsoft) reports via a web blog on the topic of protecting Ukraine. The first lesson starts with cyber warfare. It confirmed that Russian hackers had conducted cyber surveillance on several occasions. In countries allied with Ukraine, Microsoft Unveil the latest report via the official webblog titled Defending Ukraine: Early Lessons from the Cyber War, written by Brad Smith. President of Microsoft and chief legal officer of the company. Russia, backed by the government, has attempted to spy on Ukraine's allies, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Since the Moscow government The report also said that 128 organizations and 42 other countries are allies of Ukraine. The countries most targeted for spying are the United States, followed by allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), as well as organizations based in Denmark, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, as well as Finland and Sweden. Russian hackers' targets are focused on government agencies, it said. There are some who will spy on national development research institutes, think tanks, human rights organizations, and infrastructure critical to the success of hacking. MICROSOFT REPORTED THAT THE HACKING RATE WAS 29 PERCENT, AND SOME CASES EVEN LED TO DATA THEFT. No comments have been released from the Russian Embassy in Washington, D.C. Source: Microsoft
Meta, Microsoft, and leading technology companies Joint announcement establishing open standards for the Metaverse world|Leading Technology Company Led by Meta, Microsoft, Epic Games, Sony announced the establishment of the Metaverse, the point of interest is that no Apple and Roblox join Microsoft, Epic Games, Meta, Sony and more than 30 other leading technology companies. Announcing a partnership to establish standards for metaverse technology The group is focused on practical projects such as promoting the creation of prototype tools for the development of the metaverse world, competition through hackathons, and finding a common definition of what the "metaverse" is. The latter two companies are deeply associated with the metaverse world, but apple is unclear, but there is news that they are also developing AR and VR glasses. The founders of the Central Standard for the Metaverse believe that creating a metaverse based on open standards would be better than a closed standard because it would allow cross-platform operation.
Nothing Phone (1) was initially released as an invitation.|Carl Pei, the former co-founder of OnePlus, is now set to launch Nothing Phone (1), the first smartphone from his startup. Nothing Phone (1) is another android smartphone to watch, the first smartphone to be carl. Phe, a former co-founder of One Plus brand. Nothing Phone (1) is still very new and has not high production capacity. Therefore, the first phase of release uses the form of invitation. The release format in the invitational format is not very uncommon. Because in the nascent period of the One Plus brand. They also opted for the invitation method. It is scheduled to be released on July 12. It is featured in the design of a clear glass back cover. With LED bulbs in many points of the market where Nothing Phone (1) aims to put the product on sale. At this time, there are no plans to launch in major markets like the US, focusing on the European and UK markets first, as Carl Phe has strong business partners there. It also takes into account the cellular technology of each country, as well as the local wireless network regulations, and the brand is new, so it takes a lot of strategic thinking. The U.S. is a very large market for the smartphone business, believing that in the end, Nothing Phone (1) will have to be available in the United States. Source: GSM Arena, 9to5Google
Elon Musk reiterates Twitter's issue with bot accounts and spam accounts|Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, said in an interview on a forum in Doha, Qatar, that his views were "unacceptable". The bot account issue was a major issue for Twitter before that. Twitter's Board of Directors Give the green light to Elon Musk's $44 billion Twitter takeover over over the same period. Elon Musk appeared at the Qatar Economic Forum held in Doha, Qatar. At the event, Musk discussed some of the key issues surrounding the acquisition of Twitter. Musk stressed that fake accounts, spam and bots appear on Twitter. In his view, it's important because it plays an important role in managing the content that appears on the platform, and Twitter has recently failed to address this aspect as an opinion on driving products like Twitter. He believes it can be done just as Musk himself used to push Tesla and SpaceX to success as it stands today. He also said that the Twitter movement was made possible without Musk having to sit in the CEO chair in the market where Musk was interested in pushing Twitter, it was still on the North American side. IT HAS TO BE SOMETHING THAT ATTRACTS PEOPLE, AND IT HAS TO BE A PLACE WHERE PEOPLE FEEL COMFORTABLE AND NOT BE THREATENED. Returning to China wouldn't be much of a problem. Musk's Tesla also has a major manufacturing facility in China. The Chinese are also the main consumers of the electric vehicle business. However, Twitter is currently suspended in China. But in recent times, it has continued to be seen that there are fake accounts. Army of Bots Spam Tweet from China for Twitter takeover In addition to Elon Musk's funding, there are several financial institutions that are available to support, such as Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and Barkley, among others, with a combined amount of approximately $130 billion.
Microsoft confirms Xbox Wireless Controllers are in short supply|Microsoft, the owner of the Xbox platform, admits that supply chains have been disrupted. Ultimately, the gaming industry's supply chain problems don't seem to end easily, according to the latest revelations by the video game website Chronicle. Revealed that retailers for gamers in the UK The controllers of Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S game consoles are in short supply. Third-party retailers in Amazon UK who have some stock have a deflection in prices. Originally, the price was normally available at 56. Xbox's joycontroller moved up to 94. Almost twice as expensive as the usual price, such problems do not arise only in the UK. But it is a problem that has arisen in many regions of Europe, such as France, the Netherlands, Germany, and even as far as the Australian side. However, the lack of Xbox Wireless Controllers was caused by supply chain issues. What Microsoft can do now is work with manufacturing and retail partners to resolve the issue and promise to fix it as soon as possible. Microsoft did not go into detail about which parts caused the Xbox Wireless ControllersSPONSORED shortage. As a result, Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5 have become rare, with Xbox Wireless Controllers shortages not happening very often, and it remains to be seen how quickly Microsoft will resolve the issue.
Australian Courts Samsung fined AUD 14 million On the issue of waterproof advertising in smartphones|Samsung is in court in Australia. A fine of AUD 14 million was imposed. After the company's marketing campaign Misleading consumers about smartphone waterproofing, dating back to March 2016 to October 2018, Samsung issued advertisements promoting Galaxy A series products, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S8. It is a waterproof smartphone that meets IP68 standards, which is waterproof and dustproof. The waterproof section can be waterproof to 1.5 meters in 30 minutes. Water protection is only available for fresh water. It's not salt water and saline, in contrast to Samsung ads that appear in Australian advertising media. There are presentations that mislead consumers into thinking that water resistance, including water from swimming pools and beaches, is a common issue. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission took the matter into consideration in 2019 before the court finally fined Samsung AUD 14 million. Chairman of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission He said the issue has seen hundreds of complaints from the board of directors from galaxy smartphone owners. Indicates that the phone will malfunction or become completely unusable. AFTER BEING EXPOSED TO SALT WATER OR CHLORINE, SPONSORED FROM THE ABOVE POINTS BECOMES A REMINDER THAT THERE ARE STILL RESTRICTIONS ON WATER RESISTANCE WITH HIGH STANDARDS SUCH AS IP68. In the end, water and smartphones should be something that must be kept as far away from each other as possible.
Samsung faces nearly 50 million smartphone backlog|Samsung faces a backlog of 50 million smartphones, reflecting a decline in demand for smartphones among consumers, south Korea's Electro news agency reported. The report also said that smartphones are in stock as a mid-range smartphone segment like the previous Galaxy A series. The company aims to produce 310 million smartphones throughout 2022. Lockdowns in China, skyrocketing inflation and Russia-Ukraine war As a result, the production target has been reduced to around 270-280 million units throughout the rest of this year, with Samsung's 50 million smartphones in stock, representing 18 percent of the number of smartphones that will be shipped this year. Such a point is considered noteworthy. Because the backlog should normally be around 10 percent. The jump of 18 percent shows that consumer demand for smartphones is decreasing when analyzing deeper why consumer demand for smartphones is declining. The most obvious factors would be the lockdown in accordance with the Chinese government's Zero-Covid policy, Moscow's invasion of Ukraine, and rising raw material prices, which is the same problem that caused Samsung to cut production volumes. LOWERING PRODUCTION TARGETS AGAIN COULD HAPPEN AGAIN. Electro also said that Samsung has reduced orders for smartphone parts by 30-70 percent. The percentage in April through May reflects that demand for smartphones is lower than what is actually needed.
Netflix lays off up to 300 second-round workers due to revenue shortages|Netflix announced the layoff of another 300 employees, marking the second layoff in a month. A major reason for layoffs is Netflix's slower revenue growth. The world's largest streaming provider The layoff was the second in just one month, when 150 employees were cut, representing 3 percent of Netflix's total workforce. Netflix lost nearly 70 percent of its subscribers, especially as they dropped by 200,000 subscribers, and in the aftermath of the second quarter of 2022 results, Netflix is expected to lose another 2 million subscribers, Netflix said in a statement. "Today is a day when we are devastated to release around 300 employees while we are still investing heavily in this business. We need to adjust expenses as revenue growth slows. We are very grateful for everything they have done for today's Netflix. Netflix employs around 11,000 people. The streaming business has always been a business that Netflix has monopolized its leadership. But the presence of Disney Plus and HBO Max, as well as other competitors, has exacerbated the intensity of the streaming business, while eventually shaking Netflix's leading throne. Netflix also faces an economic crisis. Skyrocketing inflation THE WAR BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE, TO THE COVID-19 SITUATION, WHICH IS NOT OVER, CONSUMERS ARE STARTING TO RETURN TO THEIR NORMAL LIVES. In addition, what Netflix is gradually working on is cracking down on password sharing source: Variety.
Instagram uses AI to verify users' age with facial scanning.|Instagram tests age verification system with artificial intelligence In collaboration with a company called Yoti, it is known that Instagram and many social media outlets in the world. There is a limit that users must be 13 years of age or older to access it. However, on many occasions, the user is young. That's why Instagram has developed an artificial intelligence age verification system. Using the user's face scanning method to scan the face with artificial intelligence system. Instagram has partnered with a company called Yoti, which has a reputation and ability to authenticate online, which is widely recognized, including the UK government and Germany's digital authorities. After authentication, all photo data will be immediately removed from the system for Instagram face scanning authentication at this time. Also restricted to Instagram accounts in the US Source: MetaSPONSORED
Meta employees say Mark Zuckerberg is more interested in the metaverse than the U.S. midterm elections.|According to a source in Meta, CEO Mark Zuckerberg is committed to the metaverse world. That's even more so than the U.S. midterm elections that will be held later this year, the New York Times reported. Revealed by quoting an internal meta source. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta. There is a lot of emphasis on the metaverse, although in November there will be midterm elections, MPs and senators. A new set of councils is why Facebook needs to focus on elections. Going back to the 2016 presidential election, it was later revealed that Russian hackers intervened and convinced Americans in the elections through Facebook's platform. Facebook then applied that lesson to more than 200 more elections that occurred after 2016, in a recent New York Times report that said meta's election-related working group was smaller. It's getting closer to midterm elections. From the original team of 300 people, now it is only 60. In the past, the election-related working group, which had to meet with Mark Zuckerberg once a week, had to change its report directly to Nick. Clegg, vice president of global affairs and communications on his behalf. Although Mark's character Zuckerberg continued to receive reports from the company's election working group, although a Meta spokesperson denied the New York Times report, telling Business Insider that, first of all, the team was not just 60 people, but hundreds of people from various departments. Clegg, a spokesperson for Meta; Mark Zuckerberg He was promoted earlier this year so that he could take care of the most complex things like elections. For Nick Clegg, it's someone who isn't too far from politics. Because before he came to work for Mark. Zuckerberg and Meta Clegg are politicians before, previously deputy prime ministers of the United Kingdom, and former heads of the Liberal Democrats.
Airbnb launches OMG! Fund for creatives to design cool accommodation ideas|Airbnb launches OMG! Fund to support creators who design great accommodation ideas to come true, with a budget of up to US$10 million. designer Architects, DIY professionals, professionals and beginners can come up with cool accommodation ideas to come true, presenting accommodation ideas starting from today until July 23, 2022 at 10:59 p.m. (Thailand time) can submit applications at https://th.airbnb.com/d/omgfund 100 selected people from the top 100 ideas with outstanding style, who will receive USD 100,000 or approximately THB 3.5 million. A panel of experts will consider ideas for novelty ideas, possibilities, guest experiences and sustainability. The project is expected to be completed within the next year, with plans to be placed in the category. Airbnb's OMG!, the most groundbreaking accommodation category of recent times. AirBNB also has rooms with cool ideas, such as boot houses, UFO houses, and giant potato houses, according to AIRBNB. According to the airbnb rules, bookings for unique accommodation have increased by more than 49% globally compared to 2019-2021.In 2021, there are 30,000 new unique properties worldwide on the AIRBNB platform and the OMG! here
Ming-Chi Kuo assesses apple's AR and VR headphones, ready for release in January next year.|Ming-Chi Kuo, a celebrity analyst with a line in Apple's supply chain, analyzed that Apple is ready to launch AR and VR headsets in January 2023. According to Ming-Chi Kuo's analysis, the device will go on sale in January next year. If Apple actually launches this product in January next year, it will definitely boost the popularity of AR and VR headsets. Rumor has it that Apple's top executives have tested the use of headphones in early May. The product is expected to run under a dedicated operating system called RealityOS, reporting a large number of reports related to AR and VR headsets over the years. The main chipset is expected to be the Apple M1 chipset, a processor that Apple developed itself and then used in the MacBook Air and MacBook ProSPONSORED lineup. As a result of Apple's App Tracking Transparency (ATT) policy, meta has lost a lot of revenue streams.
Employees in Amagazaki City, Japan Lost a USB containing the personal information of people in the city.|Employees from Amagazaki City made a USB containing the personal information of the city's residents, including names, addresses, date of birth and tax information, and about 4.6 lakh people lost during the night trip. An employee of a private company hired to oversee COVID-19 relief payments to households later took a flash drive from the city's office to transfer data to the data center when the work was completed. The employee went to eat at a restaurant late on Tuesday night. When leaving the store for a while. On the way home. He recalled that the bag containing the flash drive was missing, inside which more than half a million personal information was lost. Before going to the police on Wednesday morning, the missing information included tax information, names, addresses, date of birth, bank account numbers and welfare of some 4.6 lakh Amagazaki residents. HE EXPRESSED DEEP REGRET FOR UNDERMINING THE TRUST OF THE TOWNSPEOPLE AND SAID THAT HE WOULD TRY TO RESTORE CONFIDENCE IN THE TOWNSPEOPLE BY RAISING AWARENESS OF THE IMPORTANCE OF PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION. As a result, many parties have begun to question the fact that each city in Japan still uses outdated technology. Just became aware of the termination of Internet Explorer before Microsoft shut down the service.
Russian hackers Claims responsibility for cyberattacks in Lithuania|A group of hackers who favor the approach of the Russian government. Lithuanian hacker group Killnet has claimed responsibility for the violent and ongoing cyberattacks on Lithuanian government and private websites. According to the Central Ministry, On Monday local time, the hackers said the cyberattack was a "cyberattack". It comes as Lithuania has blocked some shipments to Russia's Kaliningrad region. Hacker attacks have targeted the Secure Data Transfer Network, a communications network for government officials, created to counter war and other crises in the country, according to Lithuania's National Cyber Security Center. In the coming days, targeting the communications, energy and financial sectors in terms of types of hacking, Lithuania's National Cyber Security Center Described as a DDoS attack, a characteristic that Killnet loves and uses frequently.
iPad and Mac promotions included for education 2022|Apple (Apple) launches "Back to School 2022" iPad and Mac promotion to welcome students, faculty and university staff when purchasing designated iPad and Mac models with special discounts for education promotion for educational program 2022 (Back to School 2022) reserved for students, professors and university staff only. When buying iPad and Mac from now until September 26, 2022, choose to get 2nd generation AirPods for free or add money to get 3rd generation AirPods or AirPods ProSPONSORED. Free delivery for students, professors and university staff interested in this promotion can be confirmed with UNiDAYS to purchase special price Apple products for educational purposes by creating a UNiDAYS account using your personal email address and password.
GSMA expands partnership with Barcelona Municipality to host MWC until 2030|GSMA Expanded cooperation with the Municipality of Barcelona of Spain. Mobile World Congress (MWC) continues until 2030, GSMA, the organizer of the annual Mobile World Congress, which showcases communication technology. An agreement was reached to expand cooperation with the Municipality of Barcelona. Catalan, Spain The event will continue to be held at Barzolona. Continues until 2030. GSMA has hosted Mobile World Congress in many cities in the world. Rome, Italy In the 1990s, the event began in Barcelona in 2006 and became the capital of the MWC. As a result, the event had to be cancelled for 2021 and 2022. However, it is expected that the situation may return to normal once again at MWC 2023SPONSORED.
Reveals new problem Tesla not enough desk-no parking-Wi-Fi signal Elon Musk later forced his return to office.|Tesla employees reveal big problems After returning to the office in the Fremont California factory, he found not enough desks and no parking. Meanwhile, the Wi-Fi signal was so weak that it barely worked before. Elon Musk, co-founder and CEO of Tesla It has issued an order to employees working from home. Get back to the office. Want to continue working for Tesla? However, according to The Associated Press, Information When employees arrived at Tesla's factory in Fremont, California, they found a problem with employees unable to find a parking space, followed by a problem with insufficient desks and the number of employees. In addition, the wi-fi signal needed to work is too weak, the report said. The Information claimed to have obtained information from Tesla employees, who said it was difficult to work at Tesla's factory in Fremont right now. Many employees have to choose to park at the nearby train station and then take a Tesla bus to attend the event. The company has adjusted some of the space to allow for spaced space. It does not take into account the growing number of employees of each team. It can be said that Elon Musk's plan to return to the office has become a plan that has not been successful. Elon Musk also has a full-time management job at SpaceX and is also in the process of acquiring Twitter. Tesla It employs approximately 99,210 people, doubling the number of employees since after 2019.
Russian hackers prepare for a second day of cyberattacks against Lithuania Countering Kaliningrad Blockade|Killnet hackers insist they are preparing to launch another cyberattack on a key Lithuanian website. In retaliation for the Lithuanian authorities, who also blocked shipments to Kaliningrad, the attack was carried out. The hacker's second DDos, Killnet, is about to begin again on Tuesday, Lithuanian local time. Although the targets of this cyberattack have not yet been revealed, Killnet hackers are believed to have targeted communications, energy and financial sectors, according to previous analysis by Lithuania's National Cybersecurity Center Ingrida Simonite. Lithuania's prime minister said her government would work 24 hours a day to resolve all problems immediately. This is not the first attack started by hackers. We have experienced a number of cyberattacks since February 24, the day Russia invaded Ukraine, blocking Kaliningrad as a joint EU sanctions. BUT SURROUNDED BY LITHUANIA AND POLANDSPONSORED Source: Nasdaq
HTC launches HTC Desire 22 Pro metaverse smartphone |Former smartphone giant from Taiwan HTC unveils a new smartphone focused on the metaverse called the HTC Desire 22 Pro after a long hiatus from the smartphone business. In 2022, HTC returned to the smartphone business with the launch of HTC Desire 22 Pro. HTC Desire 22 Pro comes with a 6.6-inch screen with a resolution of 1,080 x 2,412 pixels. The 120Hz refresh rate is powered by the Snapdragon 695 5G qualcomm chipset, 8GB of RAM and 128GB of memory. After all, it seems to come out more like a marketing concept. Especially from HTC's advertising at It's tempting to think that the HTC Desire 22 Pro is similar to the accessories of HTC Vive Flow VR, the HTC brand's VR headsets. That is, NFT functions and digital wallets to manage digital assets, and there are works of art from NFTs to collect for free. Not a high-end smartphone Sponsored for the HTC Desire 22 Pro is now available for pre-order for 400 (about 18,000 THB), with the product set for August 1st. Source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Niantic, creator of Pokmon GO, launches new NBA All World game |Niantic, developer of Pokmon GO A new game called NBA All World is set to be released at the end of October. Create another buzz. As for the release of a new game, which should be liked by many, especially basketball fans in the NBA league, with a game called NBA All WorldNBA All World, the game remains in a particularly niantic manner: a game that is the raw material of augmented reality with a combination of location-based applications. The game resembles Pokmon GO. It's just in the theme of basketball. Interestingly, players can customize their characters more freely, especially sneakers, which are considered basketball players' favorite items, while the gym format available in Pokmon GO will also be available in NBA All World, which is a one-on-one basketball tournament. For NBA All World games to be available in both iOS and Android operating systems, the game officially opens in late October, when the new NBA season is just right.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
TikTok launches Follow me to TikTok campaign to boost SME growth |TikTok launches global campaign Follow me to TikTok, helping SMEs to drive the country's economy further. The Head of SMB (Small and Medium Business) at TikTok revealed that in the second half of 2022, TikTok will have a program called Follow me to TikTok, a global campaign. To support the growth of SMEs. Launched in Asia Pacific region for the first time in the world. Follow Me to TikTok is a campaign packed with success stories from real experiences of SME entrepreneurs, along with advice and guidelines to make it easier for entrepreneurs to use TikTok's tools. Let's introduce it to adapt to your own businessSPONSORED JATUTHON He added that in the past, TikTok has continuously tried to support SME businesses, ranging from Saturday Shopping Campaign, Mega Sales campaign, long-term sales program from September to December during 2021, to Splash with TikTok campaign. It is emphasized that TikTok is a platform that is very suitable for SME trading. Because TikTok is a popular short video platform, the content on the platform is highly creative, flexible and easy to close sales"Many SME business owners are not sure how the TikTok platform can help their business grow or where to start. Around 1 billion monthly active users worldwide have already been made. Southeast Asia, in particular, has seen growth from 2020 to 2021 increase by 85 percent.
Brazilian telecommunications regulator prepares to consider forcing Apple to use USB-C chargers in iPhones|Brazilian Telecommunications Regulatory Authority Following in the footsteps of the European Union and calls from senators in the U.S. on the issue of forcing Apple to turn to USB-C for charging iPhoneAnatel or the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority in Brazil. There has been extensive discussion about designating USB-C as the standard port for charging all smartphones to be released in Brazil. Inspired by the European Union, which has designated USB-C as the central standard for charging smartphones, tablets, headphones and gaming consoles, it will be mandatory by the end of 2024. Democratic senators in the United States Led by Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey, an open letter was sent to Gina. Commerce Secretary Raimondo pointed out that the United States should act in accordance with the European Union on USB-C, as different types of charging cables generate up to 11,000 tons of e-waste per year. The most troubled company is seen to be Apple, as Apple's smartphones use Apple's innovative Lightning port. While Apple's smartphone market competitors, namely Android, have been using USB-C for a long time, rumors are ongoing that Apple intends to switch from Lightning to USB-C ports, and have already begun testing some advances. Before the EU laid out its guidelines, Anatel said all USB-C uses have the advantage of reducing e-waste. Moreover, users will be more convenient, but there are some disadvantages in that it is limited to technology. If there is better technology in the future than USB-C, the disadvantages can be refuted as well. Lawmakers need to look at whether there are new technologies better than USB-C. If there is, it should be updated to change the new requirements for public discussions on USB-C in Brazil to be taken seriously until August 26.
U.S. FCC Members Google and Apple demand TikTok ban|Member of the U.S. Communications Commission Republicans have called on giants Google and Apple to ban the TikTok app because millions of U.S. users are at risk of accessing personal information from China. Mr. Carr claimed that TikTok Application from China contains a lot of sensitive information of users in the United States. Chinese employees of TikTok's parent company ByteDance have access to this information, which could be a security issue. Mr. Carr Also mentioned are store providers (which means Apple and Google). The tick-to-k application must be deleted by July 8, or if it does not, it must clarify why the tick-to-k app should not be blocked. Looking at the scope of the U.S. Communications Commission's jurisdiction. Mr. Carr's request is not within the scope of the Committee's authority, particularly in regards to the content or content of the store, although the Committee has real security powers, but only on the issue of granting communication licenses to companies. Apple remained silent on the issue, with a TikTok spokesperson confirming that its engineers outside the United States, including engineers from China, actually have access to U.S. user data, but only when necessary and under strict control.
Niantic, creator of Pokmon GO, cuts staff by 8 percent, cancels 4 new projects|Following the announcement of the latest NBA All World game, Niantic broke bad news as the company prepared to cut its workforce by 8 percent, resulting in four new projects in Niantic's hands to be cancelled immediately. Pokmon GO's creators announced an 8 percent severing in staff, or about 85-90 people, citing the economic situation, although seven months ago the company managed to raise as much as $300 million. Featuring Transformers: Heavy Metal, Hamlet, Blue Sky and Snowball, while yesterday's recently launched projects like NBA All World and Peridot were not affected by the reduction in staffing, even though Pokmon GO games were not affected. Under Niantic's supervision, it managed to rake in more than $1 billion in revenue each year, but the subsequent game Harry Potter: Wizards Unite was unsuccessful and eventually shut down. It has generated about $6.8 million in revenue since its launch in October last year, which is a fair figure, but compared to the trend of Pokmon GO, it is far enough away, as the first two months of Pokmon GO launch generated $500 million in revenue.
RansomHouse claims responsibility for cyberattacks on AMD's network|The RansomHouse Group has announced its responsibility for the cyberattack against AMD, a well-known semiconductor manufacturer, and is currently assessing the potential damage caused by the hack, an AMD spokesperson said. Admit that you have been subjected to a real cyber attack. RansomHouse claims that the cyberattacks were their work, adding that they obtained files as large as 450GBRansomHouse. On some AMD networks Strong passwords are used. These include passwords called "password", "123456" and "Welcome1" in the information section where RansomHouse goes. Although it has not been revealed exactly, as far as we know, it is network files and system data, and it is unclear whether RansomHouse will have an AMD ransom. RansomHouse advises that if AMD's team needs further advice on protecting all information, they should contact RansomHouse afterwards. Do not confirm or deny that if the ransom is actually demanded. Whether they will pay the ransom or not, and there is no mention of the information that RansomHouse has gone. As well as choosing not to answer the predictable password question revealed by RansomHouse, SPONSORED for the ransomhouse group launched its first cyberattack in December 2021, with six companies targeted and then AMD becoming the latest victim.
Samsung aims to develop a foldable smartphone priced at less than 30,000 baht within two years.|Samsung has set the next stage of its strategy for developing foldable smartphones with a starting price of no more than $800 or about 30 thousand Baht. however Their goal is to push the price of foldable smartphones below $800 at this time. At the beginning of its release, the Galaxy Fold cost US$1,980, amounting to around 70,000 Baht, while the latest Galaxy Z Fold 3, released in 2021, was priced at US$1,799 or US$57,900 in Thailand. As a result, Samsung has come up with the idea of pressing the price of foldable smartphones to be more affordable. With prices starting at $800, within two years of this, samsung believes it needs to scrap some features. With only the main functionality remaining, Samsung's adjustment also has another side to the appeal. Especially if in the near future, Apple will also come down to capture the market of foldable smartphones. Sponsored for samsung's newest foldable smartphones that are coming soon are the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip4 and Galaxy Z Fold4 in mid-August, with prices similar to their predecessors: 9to5Google.
I'm down again. Press the app and find a clean white feed page.|Instagram (IG) has been experiencing a white ig page again Until many people who use this social media application Are tired of this ig crash This has happened for more than 1 hour by ig users will experience a crash, that is, when clicking the ig application to view or go in to upload images, videos, IG stories, etc. can not do anything because it will appear on the white feed page instead. Valid in the afternoon, but in the last about an hour. Ig users initially reported through this website that IG was down. Most of the reports showed crashes that were used through the app, while a few were used through the website while on Twitter. THERE BEGAN TO BE A DISCUSSION ABOUT IG CRASHES, WITH # ATTACHED WITH SPONSORED.
Vr application developers on Meta's platform are not satisfied. The latter is charged a high fee of 30 percent.|Application developers on meta's virtual reality platform expressed their displeasure. Facebook has been unhappy with the same fees from Apple, which has declared that the Metaverse is their future, with billions of dollars invested each year. That's because the platform doesn't yet own the market. Unlike the smartphone business, where Apple and Google control the market, meta is a good environment. It requires the cooperation of external developers to help build applications for the entire ecosystem. Whether the hardware and software are moving at the same time, however, there is a problem. When developers of virtual reality applications start making noises, they are already expressing some dissatisfaction. Meta, as the owner of the Quest Store platform, charges developers 15-30 percent of the application fees, the same figure that Meta has expressed displeasure with google and apple's fees on iOS and AndroidSPONSORED, while some quest store developers say that the quest store experience is not good at all, and the management is worse than iOS and Android. This figure is not comparable to the 19 million downloads on the Quest Store for virtual reality and augmented reality hardware development. In the near future, we should see Apple come down to this market as well. Microsoft also has the HoloLens platform, which has been developed over the years.
Chinese smartphone maker sales grew by 70 percent after major manufacturers paused sales.|Smartphone manufacturer from China Sales in Russia have grown by leaps and bounds. This is because major smartphone manufacturers have temporarily stopped selling mobile phones in Russia. As a result, consumers have had to resort to buying Chinese mobile phones instead since the Russian invasion of Ukraine. As a result, leading smartphone manufacturers temporarily halted smartphone sales in Russia, including Apple and Samsung. El Dorado, a Russian smartphone retailer Chinese smartphones grew by about 50 percent in the first quarter, then gradually rose to 60 percent in April and peaked at more than 70 percent in June.
Gartner estimates smartphone-PC exports are declining. From inflation and lockdown problems in China|The announcement of a lockdown in China, as ordered by Beijing. Gartner, a research and marketing consulting firm, released a new report. Inflation problems, he said. China's lockdown and economic slowdown China is one of the largest markets for PC and smartphone businesses, but in 2022, a large market like China will shrink, according to Gartner's estimate, which believes shipments are likely to drop by about 18 percent, supported by Beijing's strict lockdown. As a result, economic activity does not occur in the global market segment. Gartner believes smartphone shipments are likely to drop by about 7 percent due to supply chain problems, which are chain problems caused by Beijing's lockdown and the Ukraine-Russia conflict. Another major reason for the decline in demand for smartphones is an analysis of the situation of the PC market. Gartner estimates shipments have fallen by around 9.5 percent after strong growth during the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the past two years, with declining shipment numbers, it's bad news for companies involved in the business, such as Invidia, Apple and MicrosoftSPONSORED.
Meta issues a letter informing employees of key moments.|Meta executives issue letters to employees in the company. Chris Cox, Meta's chief product officer, wrote an internal note to Meta's employees to highlight and remind that Meta is at a very critical moment and must be prepared for the difficult situation that will arise in the second half of 2022. Meta employees also need to carry out their plans error-free. This means that Meta's employees shouldn't expect big budget support or new employees to join the team. They are affected by Apple's App Tracking Transparency policy. As a result, meta's revenue does not meet its target. There are also macroeconomic pressures. With inflation, economic slowdown, and the Russo-Ukrainian War in these reasons, meta needs to make every effort to develop its core products successfully. Specifically, monetizing the Reels feature, a note within Chris Cox further explains that 6 important meta matters need to be paid special attention to. Includes: Metaverse products, artificial intelligence, messaging, privacy management, reels pushing, and creating new revenue streamsSPONSORED Source: The Verge
"Game Changer" as 6G approaches|Recently, the Chinese government-backed Purple Mountain Laboratories Institute said its research team successfully delivered 6G signals at 206.25 Gbps for the first time, in collaboration with local telecommunications giants, including China Mobile and Fudan University. One of the research team said he used the method of streaming data through the use of "Vortex millimetre waves," which are high-frequency radio waves that transmit swirling data. Installed at the Beijing Winter Olympic Stadium, it appears that more than 10,000 high-definition live videos can be streamed simultaneously. IT STREAMS 1 TERABYTE 3,300-FOOT DATA IN 1 SECOND"THE SUCCESS CREATES A NEW DIMENSION OF WIRELESS TRANSMISSION, WHERE SPIRAL TRANSMISSION IS DIFFERENT FROM DATA TRANSMISSION IN THE LAST CENTURY." Prof Chow said the excitement of 6G technology is that it can develop weapons and defense systems by testing to prove that weapons with up to 5 times the speed of supersonic can use 6G for targeting and communication. For the military, efficiency is more important than the price, but commercial use may have to wait until 2030 or a little sooner. Experts from the Faculty of Aerospace Engineering Tsinghua University explained, adding that the spiral wave transmission resembles a tornado, a 3D pattern, said Chinese government researchers studying 6G technology in Shenzhen. Such experiments could be the "beginning of a revolution" in the world's communication technology this decade, with 6G being a game changer that will transform the world and radically transform the services of technology. Because even during the experiment, it is estimated that the speed of 6G is 100 times faster than 5G. The researchers speculate that 6G speeds could be 8,000 times faster than 5G, or 142 hours of movies can be downloaded in 1 second, or 3D concerts that can be performed live around the world. Another interesting aspect of 6G is that when the AI system runs through the application for a while, it begins to learn on its own, such as learning to drive a vehicle, learning about agriculture, and when it accumulates enough knowledge afterwards, it will make its own decisions. Through internet connectivity, unforeseen things can happen, such as driving an autonomous car with AI without a driver, but relying on instructing the vehicle to drive on the same route. Although it is predicted that we will be able to use 6G in 2030 or about 9 years from now, in reality, we may see 6G sooner amid the rapid changes in future technologies that both major powers like China and the U.S. are accelerating development, as well as South Korea, which has followed closely by investing heavily in R&D in 6G technology.
Somchai Lertsuttiwong with 8-year challenge ready to take over to AIS CEO |Somchai Lertsuttiwong summarizes 2 lessons and 3 prides with 8 years of experience as AIS CEO who manages Thailand's mobile giant to remain no. 1 in the market and prepares to convey his feelings to the AIS team at a town hall meeting soon. As a major shareholder of AIS According to his biography, Somchai Lertsuttiwong has worked at AIS and Shincorp Group for more than 20 years and has been in key positions that have driven many aspects of the organization, such as government relations and chief marketing officer, a turning point on July 1, 2014, while traveling to China to talk with Huawei on the adoption of 4G technology. The next day, he immediately held a town hall meeting with the employees, with the key message communicating with the employees: "From today, AIS will have to change itself from a mobile operator to a digital life service provider." Meanwhile, Somchai summed up the lessons, challenges. Share it on your personal Facebook page and prepare to talk to the staff in Town Hall soon. There are 2 hopes and challenges that remain to be faced with what Somchai sees as a lesson or something to accomplish as intended. AIS will create a digital platform for Thais to use without relying on foreigners. When you can't do it as you dreamed it would. Therefore, more efforts are still needed to achieve the second result. For example, Steve Jobs said, "If you want to make everyone HAPPY. Don't be a Leader. The company's insiders used to be good, but when digital disrupted quickly and with extreme dynamics, they may have to accelerate their potential to become weak. Despite the company's clear workforce plan, "I still have the challenge of strengthening existing Gen in time so that I can work with new Gen and work happily together... I am constantly questioning myself what more I can do as a leader, which I believe I have, and insist on pushing hard in every way to be better than I have done"Continue to be proud, waiting for the successor to take over the AIS CEO, for the pride angle that has arisen in the past 8 years of AIS CEOs. First, it concludes that it can bring the organization to work professionally through the crisis from the transition from the joint venture system to the license system completely, not being completely shut down at the auction of wave 900 in the first place. "I would like to confirm that even after 8 years, I still have the full power to keep going until my successor can take over. We, myself and tens of thousands of AIS employees are ready to help develop and drive the country's digital economy to the best of our ability." This is the final message of Somchai Lertsuttiwong, who is waiting to see who the new CEO of AIS will be in the future.
President Joe Biden presents Steve Jobs with the Medal of Honor|President Joe Biden's administration announced Steve Eddie Davies. Jobs, the former CEO and co-founder of Apple, received the Presidential Medal of Freedom along with several other prominent Americans. This year, a number of dignitaries in various fields have been honored and received this highest honor from the U.S. president. Steve Jobs, a former CEO and co-founder of Apple, died on October 5, 2011, from pancreatic cancer. Broadly speaking, Steve Jobs is the co-founder. He is a visionary, imaginative and creative man who led to inventions that changed the way the world communicated. It is also a change in the computer industry. Music, movies and wireless devicesSPONSORED among the celebrities who won this year's awards will include Denzel. Washington Actor, Simone U.S. gymnast Biles, former U.S. Senate member John McCain, who died in 2018, and Megan Rapinoe. The president's medal of independence will take place July 7 at the White House. Jobs hasn't been revealed yet, but it's likely to be Lauren Powell-Jobs, Steve's wife. Source Jobs: Whitehouse, The Verge
Mark Zuckerberg hopes to eliminate some employees by rolling out more productivity.|Mark Zuckerberg The co-founder of Meta told employees that the company is going to increase the heat of rolling out more employee productivity. It hopes some employees who are not suitable for the company will resign in line with the slowing economy, Reuters reported. The company's most recent meeting was attended by CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg. The interesting thing about this meeting is that Zuckerberg told employees that he will increase the heat in order to increase the potential of employees to work efficiently and meet the goals set by meta's co-founders. He told employees that the aggressiveness of wanting to iron out their productivity. Another goal is to reduce the number of employees who cannot meet the company's goals, which, Zuckerberg candidly says, is in fact partially employed by the company. They don't deserve to be here, while expecting unfit employees to work at meta. He realized he had decided to leave the company to Zuckerberg, saying that if he had to bet, he would have to leave. This is probably the worst downturn we've seen in a page of history, given the economic conditions that are likely to be poor. As a result of the slower-than-expected revenue growth, Meta ended its plans to hire additional engineers. From the originally intended 10,000 jobs, it has been reduced to about 6,000-7,000 jobs only. Leading tech companies face the same problems, such as the announcement of a reduction in Microsoft's employment targets and a reduction in Tesla's workforce.
TikTok executives admit employees in China have access to user data in the United States.|TikTok is the world's most popular short video platform provider. It has officially acknowledged that employees in China have access to user data in the United States, but under strict security controls continues to be an ongoing issue in the case of TikTok, which has previously reported that some of TikTok's parent company, ByteDance, in China, has access to user data based in the United States. Before a TikTok spokesperson admitted that the matter was true, it was all under strict control. TikTok's chief executive officer wrote a letter to nine U.S. senators answering questions about security issues raised by byte dance workers in China. Shou Zi Chew insisted that no information was shared with the Chinese government, adding that TikTok has strict cybersecurity controls at the same time. TikTok has been cooperating with the U.S. government, especially on the issue of data security. In addition, other TikTok infrastructure will also go to Oracle's cloud services, which Oracle is a major company and founded in the United States. Under the name Project Texas, from the above point, it seems to say that the key structures of TikTok now are all under U.S. companies.Source: NPR
Apple Watch Series 8 features temperature measurement Immediately alert for fever|Apple Watch Series 8, which is set to go on sale later this year. Apple Watch Series 8, which will be launched with the launch of the iPhone 14, states that the new Apple Watch will come with a body temperature sensor that can tell if the wearer has a fever when the system inside Apple Watch Series 8 says you have a fever. To be absolutely clear, once again, rumors about body temperature sensors are something that has been talked about for some time to come to the Apple Watch, only until then that the feature has not been released, but it is possible to appear in the Apple Watch Series 8, as it has been tested many times in addition to the temperature sensor. German However, German reports that the Apple S8 chipset performs much differently than the Apple S7.
Xiaomi unveils new smartphone Xiaomi 12S Ultra flagship with partnership with Leica|Xiaomi unveiled three new smartphones, the highest, with a giant 1-inch camera sensor in China. The famous smartphone manufacturer announced the launch of three new smartphones at the same time. Led by the Xiaomi 12S Ultra, Xiaomi 12S Pro and Xiaomi 12S, of course, xiaomi's most important models are the Xiaomi 12S Ultra with a 6.73-inch screen size, an OLED screen with a Snapdragon 8 Plus Gen 1 chipset, and a fully equipped rear camera. 48-megapixel f/4.1 telephoto and 48-megapixel ultra-wide third camera f/2.2 The back of the Xiaomi 12S Ultra body is a camera equipped with a large 1-inch sensor. Many smartphone manufacturers have introduced 1-inch sensor cameras to their smartphones. Xiaomi 12S Ultra is equipped with flagship smartphone capabilities such as IP68-based waterproof features, 120Hz refresh rate support, a large battery of 4,860 mAh, as well as 67W fast charging, and Dolby Vision HDRSPONSORED shooting. 8GB RAM+256GB memory release 5,999 yuan (about 32,000 baht)Xiaomi 12S Ultra The Xiaomi 12S Pro starts at 4,699 yuan (about 25,000 baht) and the Xiaomi 12S starts at 3,999 yuan (about 22,000 baht).
Galaxy S22 Ultra sales figures revealed at 11 million units Overtaking Galaxy Note in the last 4 years|Galaxy S22 Ultra sales performed better than expected. The Galaxy S22 Ultra, Samsung's latest flagship smartphone, has sold 11 million units, the figure of the Galaxy S22 Ultra is better than the Galaxy Note 10 million units sold in the last four years. Before coming to the ultimate failure with the Galaxy Note 20 with only 7.5 million units sold, it should be noted that the Galaxy Note 20 went on sale in 2020, the year of the COVID-19 pandemic. That's why consumers choose not to switch smartphones because they want to keep cash with them, while the Galaxy S22 Ultra has a relatively affordable initial price. Interestingly, Galaxy Note's most successful sales date dates back to 2012 and 2013, the year galaxy note 2 and galaxy note 3 were released, both of which sold a combined 50 million units. China's lockdown and economic slowdown, as well as the Ukraine-Russia conflict.Source: 9to5google
HMD Global launches Nokia C2 2nd Edition, a 4G smartphone starting at 2,490 baht|HMD Global, the owner of the distribution rights to Nokia brand smartphones, has launched the Nokia C2 2nd Edition 4G smartphone at a starting price of 2,490 baht. HMD Global Chief Executive Officer (HMD) discussed the launch of the new Nokia C2 2nd Edition, a smartphone that operates under the Android 11 (Go edition) operating system. Sponsorednokia C2 2nd Edition provides 2GB of RAM and ROM32 GB, supports a MicroSD card up to 256GB. Supports panoramic photography and a 2-megapixel selfie front camera Mr. Paradorn Rambutr, Business Development Manager, HMD Global, said that the Nokia C2 2nd Edition is a smartphone for beginners at an affordable starting price. Nokia C2 2nd Edition targets users with their first smartphone, such as schoolchildren. Nokia also sees the smartphone for beginners, both students and students, as one of nokia's customer bases in the future.
Xiaomi breaks hearts with fans around the world, announces the sale of its flagship smartphone, the Xiaomi 12S Ultra, only in China.|Xiaomi fans are left in love with xiaomi 12S, Xiaomi 12S, Xiaomi 12S Pro and Xiaomi 12S Ultra. The hope of many who want to own Xiao Mi's new smartphone. Perhaps disappointed, according to a recent report by Engadget Chinese's editor-in-chief Richard Lai, Xiaomi 12S, Xiaomi 12S Pro and Xiaomi 12S Ultra will only be available in China. So far, there is no definitive explanation as to why Xiaomi chose to release the Xiaomi 12S Series only in China. More recently, Xiaomi smartphones have become increasingly popular in Europe. In addition to the Asian market, where Xiaomi has always done well, it raises the question of whether xiaomi smartphones developed and collaborated with Leica will be available overseas. Once that happens, Xiaomi and Leica's co-developed smartphones will surely be available worldwide. Not exclusive to China tweets. Richard Lai adds that if users around the world want to use the newest features that appear in the Xiaomi 12S Series, they will have to wait until the end of the Xiaomi 13 release period later this year.
Eric Schmidt, former CEO of Google Indifferent to the flow of the metaverse.|The former CEO of Google said of the arrival of the Metaverse, but he was not too indifferent to the trend. Although Big Tech company Facebook has agreed to rebrand and change its name to Meta, former Google CEO Eric Schmidt appeared at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado, USA. Schmidt added that so far there has been no agreement on what the metaverse is, even a company that has agreed to change its name to find out the meaning of the word metaverse is unclear. Eric Schmidt chose not to mention meta's name, formerly Facebook, which rebranded the company in October 2021. They weren't sure what the metaverse was, and 58 percent of respondents didn't feel scared or excited. with the arrival of the metaverse, however. While Eric Schmidt hasn't paid much attention to the metaverse, major brands such as Disney, Coca-Cola, Gucci, Microsoft and JP Morgan have paid enough attention to the arrival of the metaverse, with Citibank, a global investment bank, estimating the value of the metaverse to be around $8-13 trillion by 2030.
Apple launches Lockdown mode to protect users from spyware |Apple has launched a new functionality called Lockdown mode, designed to protect users at risk of spyware and other threats. Intensify cybersecurity Apple's lockdown mode was developed to protect journalists, human rights activists, politicians and lawyers. It reflects that the spread of spyware, whether it comes from hackers or spyware hired by the governments of different countries. Lockdown mode ranges from blocking messages that come with attached files, blocking calls via the FaceTime app from strangers, as well as blocking access to an iPhone when connected to a computer or accessory. It doesn't directly affect the general user much. But Apple insists it will create a fully protected system for Lockdown mode, available in both iOS 16, iPadOS 16 and macOS Ventura operating systems.
Xiaomi launches Smart Band 7 fitness aids for 1,390 baht|Xiaomi Smart Band 7 (mi band 7) comes with a screen size of 1.62 inches. In addition, the Xiaomi Smart Band 7 (mi band 7) also has a VO2 max workout analysis function, which measures the maximum amount of oxygen that a user can use during a workout, along with sleep quality monitoring.
FBI and MI5 issued a joint statement warning against Chinese government spying.|HEAD OF THE FBI FROM THE U.S. and head of UK intelligence. In a joint speech, warning that Beijing wants to steal technology to compete in the future, Christopher Ray, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and Ken Ray, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said in a joint speech. McCallum The head of Britain's 5th Military Intelligence Division, or MI5, issued a joint statement, calling Beijing a long-term economic security threat. FBI DIRECTOR CHRISTOPHER RAY RAY added that China's technology theft is intended to steal your technology (meaning the UK's allies, the United States, Europe and other regions), whatever it may be, moves your industry forward. McCallum Britain's intelligence chief said MI5 had expanded its operations related to Beijing by seven times compared to 2018 to prevent Beijing from infiltrating and threatening the security of the UK, while Liu Pengyu, a spokesman for the Chinese embassy in Washington, denied the allegations from both the FBI and MI5. Never support, assist or anything about a cyberattack Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Twitter ordered employees not to tweet issues related to Elon Musk's acquisition.|The ongoing issue of Elon Musk's withdrawal of the Twitter acquisition also affects a number of issues. One of them is issuing an internal Twitter memo to employees. After Elon Musk decided to scrap the $44 billion deal to acquire Twitter, Twitter was slightly chaotic because Twitter wanted the takeover to continue. The company is preparing to file a lawsuit with the court in order to complete the acquisition as originally scheduled. Twitter's internal memo, addressed to all of the company's employees, is equally interesting, as the text of the memorandum highlights employees not expressing public opinions about Elon's acquisition. Musk's reason for twitter's internal record is because the merger process between Twitter and Elon Musk is still in the ongoing legal process. When you can, just now. The company also needed to restrict information sharing prior to the issuance of twitter's internal records. It seems to be an urgent matter, because shortly after the news that Elon Musk wants to knock down the takeover board, a number of Twitter employees have commented on the issue, including humorous tweets and blows their mouths in relief to see the deal go down.sponsored Source: The Verge
"Economist" points to the trending space Suggest speeding up the law, laying out clear policies.|"Economist" points to a strong space economy Suggest speeding up legislation - setting up a space affairs fund - establishing a clear policy For international confidence in technology development and exchange on July 8, Col. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Deputy Commissioner communication He said that in the space economy, people often think about space far away, such as exploring stars, but that is a very high-tech country. Use satellites to explore the environment Elon Musk has now announced that Falcon 9 and Starlink's progress is progressing and that more than 4,200 Starlink satellites are expected within the next 18 months, accounting for about two-thirds of the total number of satellites operating in space around the Earth. Today, space affairs are getting closer to us, both economically and technologically, we need to talk to knowledgeable people so that people can know and bring the next generation of children to experience them with inspiration. We don't lack talent or cost, but we don't have the opportunity to access these things. "Today we have laws but we are still running behind technology, and in the future, laws will play a huge role. In particular, laws relating to information and education must try to make it accessible to the younger generation, and if we do not have the Space Affairs Act, we will not be able to cooperate with countries. We need to make our national policies clear so that they can see and exchange information and technology development with us, because the space economy today is very close to us. Now that the law is in the decree stage, I want it to be pushed forward. TODAY, WE HAVE SOME TECHNOLOGY, BUT WE HAVE TO COOPERATE WITH COUNTRIES BECAUSE THEY STILL LACK SOME TECHNOLOGY, FOR EXAMPLE, IF THERE IS A LAW, THIS COOPERATION WILL BE GREATER, AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR SPACE ECONOMY WILL LEAD TO THE CREATION OF JOBS AND ECONOMIC CREATION FOR THE PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY. One of the most important aspects of space affairs development is the establishment of the Space Affairs Fund, which must be written in the bill to ensure that the country takes space affairs seriously because such funds can help in the development of technology. Promote research and human resource development, all of which will make Thailand's space business as advanced as far as foreign countries. It truly promotes the development of the space economy," he said.
Vietnamese factory delivers smartphones to Xiaomi for market expansion in Thailand and Malaysia|A smartphone manufacturer in Vietnam has already delivered smartphones to Xiaomi. The smartphone production in Vietnam will be the model that focuses mainly on the Southeast Asian market. Famous smartphone manufacturer from China The first smartphone from DBG Holdings has been delivered as part of plans to expand to Southeast Asia. It also reduces supply chain problems in the smartphone business that occur in China. The DBG Holdings factory has delivered smartphones to Xiaomi. Last month, it was the first batch to come from a factory in Vietnam. Smartphones made in Vietnam will be shipped to Malaysia. And Thailand continues since the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus. The cost of transporting goods to southeast Asian markets is increasing. He chose to look for a prime location for smartphone manufacturing before settling in Vietnam, which reduced Xiaomi's costs and became easier to control. China's smartphone maker, but choosing to look for factories outside of China, is an interesting move to watch, not least because it sends another clear signal that many tech companies are looking for more. Choose to move some supply chains out of China. TO SOUTHEAST ASIA BECAUSE OF THE LOW COST SPONSORED. The Chinese government has tightened lockdown measures. As a result, many electronics manufacturers have been affected. Therefore, some production must be moved out of China. It's not just Xiaomi. Apple has previously moved some iPad production from China to Vietnam as well, dbg holdings' capacity is quite strong because it has a capacity of up to 2 million smartphones per month.
Sunny Balwani, a former Theranos executive, has been convicted of 12 counts of fraud.|Sonny Balwani, a former executive of the deceitful startup Theranos, was convicted by a court in California. Guilty in all 12 jury fraud cases in San Jose. In California It was revealed on Thursday, U.S. local time. After taking the time to consider the role of Sunny Balwani, a former chief executive of a startup called Theranos, who claimed their company could revolutionize the medical world, he said: Just take a few drops of blood samples from the patient's fingertips. Then it can identify the world of such patients in abundance. It's not. The trial lasted up to 13 weeks before a 12-member jury found Balwani guilty and pleaded guilty to a total of 12 counts of defrauding investors and defrauding patients. Elizabeth Holmes' body The founder of Theranos and Balwani's lover was earlier convicted in January 2022 of defrauding investors. 4 krathongs, but escaped from the case of patient scam. As a result, Theranos' legendary case is nearing its final scene as both Balwani and Holmes face another trial, with both facing up to 20 years in prison. It is a highly watched company in Silicon Valley and attracts many top investors. Henry Kissinger and George Schultz, both former U.S. secretary of state, at the time had a total value of more than $9 billion, but Theranos' fiery glory faded away in 2015, when the Wall Street Journal reported. Information from the whistleblower came in that Theranos' blood drop test was wrong. Before it was expanded, it became widely known that Theranos was finally a global startup.Source: The Guardian
Hideo Kojima threatens to sue after someone releases fake news over Shinso's killing Abe|Hideo Kojima Legendary Japanese game developer threatens prosecution for posting fake news that he was a shooter Shinso Abe, former Prime Minister of Japan, the unexpected death of former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Abe is considered Japan's longest-serving prime minister. However, Abe was assassinated. Fake news was posted and linked to Hideo. Kojima The legendary Japanese creators of the legendary game, metal gear solid and death stranding, were involved in the killing shortly after, Kojima Productions statement. "We strongly condemn the spread of fake news and the spread of false rumors linking Hideo. Kojima and the killing of former Japanese prime minister It is thought to have started on the Japanese website 4Chan, then was shared by French politician Damien Rieu, followed by false reports by news outlets in Greece and Iran. PRIOR TO THE SUBSEQUENT CORRECTION OF THE FALSE NEWS, SPONSORED WAS IN RETALIATION FOR THE INCIDENT. Kojima Productions, Hideo's game production company Kojima tweeted that the company is considering taking legal action against the person who released the false news. Kojima has been the target of fake news. But this time, it's one of the most defamatory fake news releases.
Twitter hires a good lawyer to deal with Elon Musk in the event of a $44 billion takeover deal|Twitter has hired lawyers from a law firm called Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to file a lawsuit against Elon Musk after the world's richest man wanted to end the Twitter takeover of the Twitter confrontation between Twitter and Elon. Musk is approaching every now and then. Twitter later confirmed that they had hired leading law firms Watchtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to file a lawsuit against Elon Musk, who had intentionally overturned the twitter acquisition last week. However, Twitter insisted it had provided Elon with all the information. Musk is interesting from this point, which includes Elon Musk and Twitter, that is, the $1 billion fee for canceling the negotiations. It will ultimately be up to the court to decide whether Musk will have to pay this fee of $1 billion or more because Musk's side has broken the agreement. He continued to tweet memes as if Musk had already prepared for the lawsuit. Musk attended the Allen & Co's Sun Valley Conference in Idaho, marking his first public appearance. After he withdrew his Twitter acquisition, Musk spoke at the Allen & Co's Sun Valley Conference. He talks only on the issue of moving to settle on Mars and promoting the birth of the world's population. But avoid mentioning twitter's withdrawal from Twitter purchases for Twitter's latest share price now at $32.65 per share, down 11.4 percent, with the company's total value of about $249.5 billion.
Twitter officially filed a lawsuit against Elon Musk.|The battle between Elon Musk and Twitter is set to take place in court after Twitter filed a lawsuit against the world's richest man. To force Musk to acquire Twitter in accordance with an agreement that previously existed on Twitter. The world's most popular social media provider The decision to formally file a lawsuit against Tesla co-founder Elon Musk and SpaceX was filed to allow Musk to meet previously agreed terms, namely the acquisition of Twitter, which Musk had previously filed for $44 billion. Elon Musk in a court in Delaware. Twitter's view is that Elon Musk's decision to abandon the previous agreement was due to the fact that the technology stock market has now turned upside down. Elon Musk argues that his decision to step away from the Twitter acquisition was due to Twitter's failure to address issues related to bot and spam accounts in the days leading up to the incident. Elon Musk will withdraw from Twitter acquisition Parak Agrawal, CEO of Twitter It has demonstrated the calculation of bot accounts and spam accounts to some media outlets. To confirm that Twitter's bot accounts are no more than 5 percent, which is the number Twitter reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Musk did not believe it, sending Agrawal a "" emoji to Musk's reaction. AFTER BEING SUED BY TWITTER, HE CONTINUED TO TWEET IN RESPONSE, BOTH IN THE FORM OF MEMES AND SARCASTIC TWEETS TO TWITTER.SPONSORED SOURCE: The Verge
Apple ends partnership with Jony Ive's company LoveFrom|Joni Ive, Apple's former designer and late CEO, Steve Ive. Jobs, who is now the founder of a design company called Love From Joni Ive, who at the time was Apple's head of design, is ending his partnership with Apple in 2019. He decided to leave the company to start a design consulting firm called Love From and signed a contract with Apple. In a recent report, Revealed by the New York Times. Apple and Lovefrom, a contract worth hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars, are nearing its end and there will be no new contract extension behind a second split between Apple and Ive. As an executive at LoveFrom Rom, there are many reasons, but both parties are said to be willing not to extend the contract. For that reason, it's a matter for Apple executives. The question is whether the money paid to LoveFrom is too much. There have also been problems with many of Apple's designers leaving the company to join LoveFrom at the same time. JONI IVE IVE FEELS THAT HE WANTS TO HAVE MORE FREEDOM IN CHOOSING CUSTOMERS WITHOUT THE FACTORS OR OBLIGATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH CURRENT APPLE SPONSORED. LoveFrom Joni Ive, under the management of Joni Ive, is behind the design development for leading companies like AIRBNB. Joni Ives started working with Apple in 1992. The reason why Joni Ive chose to quit Apple in 2019 is because Ive is dissatisfied with Apple, which has reduced the importance of design and focused more on operations. In addition, Ive was disappointed because of Apple's recent moves. There are a lot of board members who come from the financial field, but the proportion of people in the technology field is less.
Nothing Phone (1) guarantees android update for 3 years and is available for sale in Thailand for 18,900 baht.|Nothing Phone (1) has officially been launched, another smartphone that guarantees a new Android update for 3 years, available in Thailand at a price of 18,900 baht. A startup under Carl's management. Phe, the former co-founder of the OnePlus smartphone brand, has launched the company's first smartphone, Nothing Phone (1). Nothing Phone (1) comes with a screen size of 6.55 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. OLED display supports 1 billion color renderings Optical fingerprint scanning on the screen and face unlock, as well as IP53-compliant water-dust resistance, are also available on the chipset inside of nothing phone (1), not the strongest specs on the market. They opted for a mid-range processor chip like the Snapdragon 778G+, arguing that if they use a high-end chipset, price control will be difficult and difficult to manage the heat built into the SPONSOREDNothing Phone (1). It is a dual camera with a resolution of 50 megapixels, both of which are The camera body is wide and ultra wide. The front selfie camera is also a wide camera, at 16 megapixels. The camera mode supports portrait photography, night mode, panorama, and professional mode in the battery section. Nothing Phone (1) comes at 4,500 mAh, powered by Nothing's software Nothing OS, which covers the Android 1 21 2 operating system. Prices start at 399, but for sale in Thailand. There is only one model, the 8+256GB model, available in two colors, black and white, available for 18,900 baht.
Google cuts employment year-round, ready to tackle economic recession|Google CEO sends Google employee email announcing plans to delay employment throughout 2022 after estimating that the economy could be in recession at any time. Pichai, CEO, Google and Alphabet Send an email to all employees of the company about the plans that the company will take from now on, with the first thing to start with a plan to delay all employment for the rest of the year. Google's hiring hasn't ended altogether, but positions in engineers, technical experts and other key roles will continue to keep an eye on the best workers. He said that economic recession can occur at any time, so the company must have a plan in advance to deal with it. Sundar Pichai urged Google employees for this potentially unfavorable situation that everyone needs to be ready to move forward. We need entrepreneurship. Work needs to be done more urgently. Concentration and thirst for current work Google employs more than 1.64 lakh people worldwide. The need to stop hiring throughout the year reflects that businesses and technology sectors are being heavily challenged by economic problems earlier this week. There are plans for some layoffs. META HAS ALSO DELAYED ITS HIRING PLANS, ACCORDING TO SUNDAR. Pichai He did not mention employee layoffs, but the use of streamlining and consolidating in emails sent to employees, it is possible that some of Google's layoffs are likely to happen as well.
HMD Global launches Nokia 5710 XpressAudio mobile with wireless headphone compartment|HMD Global Launched the new Nokia 5710 XpressAudio mobile with a wireless headphone compartment on the back of the unit. It is set to be released later this month in the UK. The price is 75, equivalent to approximately THB 3,300. Nokia brand copyright holders Nokia 5710 XpressAudio announced the launch of its new mobile phone, but inspired by the old model of the past, the Nokia 5310 XpressMusic. The 2.4-inch TFT LCD screen features the classic T9 keypad, the highlight of the Nokia 5710 XpressAudio is in its design, which has a built-in wireless headphone charging case. In terms of usage, this wireless headphone 4 hours of continuous music playback, 2.4 hours of conversation, Nokia 5710 XpressAudio There is one camera. 300,000 pixels With LED Flash No selfie camera. The supplied battery is 1,450 mAh interchangeable. With the Nokia 5710 XpressAudio being a feature phone, it doesn't support streaming services like Spotify or Apple Music, but instead supports MP3 and radio listening.
Netflix announces partnership with Microsoft to develop new package ad system|Netflix The world's largest streaming provider Announcing a commercial partnership with Microsoft For the development of advertising systems on the platform, which is expected to be a new, cheaper package of Netflix Satya. Microsoft CEO Nadella It was revealed on its official Twitter account, @satyanadella and on Microsoft's web blog, about its major partnership with Netflix. He was thrilled that Netflix had chosen Microsoft as the developer of advertising and sales technology. Netflix's Chief Operating Officer Said: "This partnership is still in its initiation stage and we still have a lot of work to do. But Netflix's long-term goal is clear: to increase consumer choice and to offer a positive experience for those who are going to advertise with Netflix. IN ADDITION, I AM VERY EXCITED TO BE WORKING WITH MICROSOFT SPONSORED. There are situations where there is not much good fighting. In the first quarter of 2022, Netflix lost 200,000 subscribers and expects to lose another 2 million subscribers in the second quarter. What Netflix This is evident in the partnership with Microsoft by issuing a cheap package with an advertising system on the platform to achieve another Netflix subscription. Expected to launch later this year Source: Microsoft
Twitter reveals Thailand tweets about games 4th most in the world|Twitter revealed interesting information about the gaming industry in the first half of 2022, with 1.5 billion tweets about the game, up 36 percent from a year earlier. Thailand tweeted about the game being the 4th in the world. According to Twitter, tweets about games in the first half of 2022 increased by 36 percent compared to the same period last year, representing 1.5 billion hits. Big events like Xbox Showcase or Playstation's State of Play are also being discussed. Therefore, the talk about the gaming industry at that time was very active for Thailand. RANKED 4TH IN THE WORLD IN TWEETS ABOUT THE GAME, BEHIND ONLY JAPAN, USA AND SOUTH KOREA.
committee FCC says U.S. military is at risk of data theft by using TikTok on personal devices|Brendan Carr, one of the board members of the U.S. Communications Regulatory Authority; Warns of risks at U.S. military agencies Brendan Carr, one of the Republican Republicans of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), is also a member of the U.S. Communications Commission (FCC). Speaking at a meeting of the Committee of the House of Representatives Raising the issue of security threats from the use of tick-to-guns, Mr. Carr said members of the U.S. military Are at risk for security As a result of using social media through the Tik-to-A app on personal devices, a small number of members uploaded videos, which inside the military operation facility, to the Tik-to-A app. This is not only happening in the U.S., but also in Japan, the U.K., South Korea, Germany, Italy and Afghanistan. Therefore, it is extremely challenging for the resolution in this regard, Carr. The flow of information back to Beijing, he said, is a concern. With the tick-to-pocket application. IT CAN ENTER YOUR MILITARY FACILITY AND GIVE YOU A LOCATION THAT COULD BE IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE SOLDIERS' WORK. Brendan Carr has made great efforts to push Apple and Google. Ban access to tick-to-a applications. Mr. Carr is waiting to hear from Apple. Meanwhile, Google has already submitted clarifications, even in fact. The body of work of the Communications Regulatory Authority There is no scope of authority regarding content and applications, so it raises the question of Mr. Carr's abuse of power over the issues raised. ByteDance, TikTok's parent company, has clarified that only a small number of Chinese engineers have access to user usage data in the U.S. In addition, Bytedance has moved all critical data infrastructure to the supervision of U.S. company Oracle.
Sony Thai launches new PlayStation 5 bookings on July 15, adding horizon forbidden west bundle|Sony Store Thailand has announced the launch of a new round of PlayStation 5, available from blank devices with and without a disc reader, to bundles with Horizon Forbidden West. The new booking status of the ps5 console will take place tomorrow (July 15) at 11:00 a.m. online. Sony has added a live channel to the Sony Store Thailand fan page on July 15, 2022 at 10.30 a.m. The added product list is the bundle, which comes with Horizon Forbidden West, one of Sony's flagship games. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader priced at 16,990 baht2. Digital Edition (no Ultra HD Blu-ray reader) Price 13,990 THB3. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader with Horizon Forbidden West Bundle game priced at 18,690 THB4. Digital Edition (no Ultra HD Blu-ray reader) with Horizon Forbidden West Bundle priced at THB 15,6905. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reader with DualSense wireless controller and TV 55X90K priced at THB 52,990 for products starting from July 26, 2022.
Twitter crashes around the world on both web pages and applications for 45 minutes|Twitter has been experiencing global outages for up to 45 minutes, affecting both the app and its website, making it one of the longest outages in years. Experiencing crashes and unusable problems all over the world. Twitter began to be unavailable at 6:23 p.m. local time. According to a report by the Downdetector website. Twitter was unable to provide services to users around the world for about 45 minutes, the longest crash in years. Although Twitter is a global social media service provider, in the early days of the service, Twitter was known for its constant service crashes.
Take a look back at the specs of the powerful iPad Pro tablet. Use apple M1 power chip|From the case of Mr. Jirat Thongsuwan District 4 Commissioner chachoengsao disclosed the purchase of 130 iPad Pro units (before it was reported to be 210) with accessories such as Apple Pencil and Magic Keyboard. The device is a tablet of the Apple brand. It is powered by the Apple M1 chip, a chipset developed by Apple, starting with the MacBook chipset. It was then expanded to the iPad ProiPad Pro lineup, the iPad Pro 12.9 model, which was released in April last year. Before going on sale a month later, iPad Pro 12.9 It has a screen size of 12.9 inches with a resolution of 2048 x 2732 pixels. Overall, the iPad Pro 12.9 screen can be used for watching movies and TV series. It highlights the importance of fast processing and energy saving capabilities. In addition, the chipset comes with an 8-core graphics chipset, which makes the graphics performance of the iPad Pro up to 40 percent faster than the camera. 12-megapixel f/1.8 Wide camera, 10-megapixel f/2.4 ultra-wide camera and LiDAR scanner camera. f/2.4 For Magic Keyboard and Apple Pencil, it is an accessory that enables iPad Pro in a variety of ways. From recording notes to working in a serious manner.
Bandai Namco admits to hacking, speeding up damage check|Bandai Namco The man behind the hit 2022 game, Elden Ring, admits to having been hacked by a good hand. Only at this time is still in the process of assessing the damage caused to the stairs. Namco The release agents of popular games known to all gamers, including Elden Ring, Tekken and Dark Souls, have confirmed that they have been attacked by hackers who have gained unauthorized access to their internal systems. During the last July 3rd, the people behind the attack on the stairs. Namco It is thought to be the work of a group called BlackCat, as the movement of such groups has added a list of ladders. Namco as a list of victims on the side of the stairs. Namco said it was in the process of valuing the potential damage, but believed the hackers were targeting the company's internal systems in Asia (excluding Japan). As for the preventive measures of the stairs. Namco has successfully blocked access to the server on the reporting side of the computer bleeping. BlackCat first took action in November 2021, rampaging more than 60 companies around the world, including high-end fashion brand Moncler, Switzerland's aviation services and some austrian government agencies.SPONSORED Source: EuroGamer
OpenSea, a major NFT marketplace provider, lays off 20 percent of its employees|Opensea, an NFT art marketplace provider, announced a 20 percent reduction in staff due to declining NFT sales and increased competition. The co-founder and CEO of OpenSea said the company needed to lay off 20 percent of its employees. It's unclear how many employees open the opensea normally has. Prior to the revelations, an Opensea spokesperson told The Verge news agency that after the layoffs, Opensea had 230 employees left. Due to poor economic conditions. As a result, NFT sales, including the cryptocurrency market, were simultaneously affected despite the announcement of the layoff of up to 20 percent of employees. Confirming that the company will be willing to help with public health expenses throughout the rest of 2022, helping to find new jobs for laid-off employees, and giving the company's shares so far, it must be said that the cryptocurrency market has entered a full-fledged winter, and it will take a long time to recover. As can be seen from the latest announcement of Coinbase, it laid off 1,100 employees last month to cope with the economic downturn.
OPPO officially releases OPPO A57 in Thailand at THB 6,999 |Oppo Thailand Oppo A57 with 4GB RAM + 128GB ROM for 6,999 bahtOPPO A57 is one of OPPO's smartphones in the A Series segment, which captures the mid-range customer market. The A57 has a large memory standpoint, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of ROM, along with ram expansion that increases memory. The unit has a screen size of 6.56 inches with a resolution of 720 x 1612 pixels. IPS LCD monitor, supports refresh rate at 90Hz, operating system is Android 12 covered. ColorOS 12.1 Mediatech chipset on the Dimensity 810 with a battery of 5,000 mAh and support for 33W SUPERVOOC OPPO A57's camera comes in two locations: the main camera, which is a 13-megapixel f/2.2 wide camera, and a 2-megapixel f/2.4 depth camera. f/2.0 In shooting mode, portrait photography and night photography are supported, with AI Portrait Retouching helping to refine the image to look natural. Oppo A57 model with 4GB RAM + 128GB ROM is available today (July 15) for the first day at a price of 6,999 baht, available in 2 colors: Glowing Green and Glowing BlackSPONSOREDSPONSORED Black.
Kids and teens spend more time on TikTok than YouTube.|Tech Crunch and Qustodio news agencies revealed that children and adolescents With the first turning point in June 2020, the heat of the TikTok application has been playing a huge role since the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, TikTok began to receive more attention and was the creator of a short video trend. As a result, giants like Meta and YouTube have to have their products in this segment to compete with TikTok, according to the latest data from TechCrunch news agency in collaboration with Qustodio. According to the report, the turning point of competition in the video provider business began in June of 2020. In terms of the average number of minutes per day of users aged 4-18 years, on the tick-to-k side, there are about 82 minutes per day. YouTube 75 minutes a day, a joint report by TechCrunch and Qustodio, also said that throughout 2020, TikTok continued to dominate YouTube among younger users, until 2021, the number of tick-to-k views among children and adolescents increased to an average of 91 minutes per day, and YouTube shrank to 56 minutes per day. Another interesting analysis of the numbers compiled by Qustodio showed that in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Spain, all three countries have higher tick-to-k usage than YouTube.
Microsoft is preparing to launch Windows 12 in 2024, implementing a new version every 3 years.|Microsoft Windows operating system It plans to release a new version of the operating system every three years, so 2024 will see the Windows 12 operating system. It is intended that the Windows 10 operating system be the final version of the operating system. After that, additional updates will be released in the form of Windows as a service, i.e. placing Windows operating system as a service. However, after the launch of Windows 11, it seems that Microsoft will return to the strategy of updating the Windows operating system every 3 years, which is the same approach that Microsoft has used before, from the launch of Windows Vista to Windows 7, to Windows 8 and Windows 10, with major updates every 3 years. However, with about two years left of the Windows 11 operating system, Microsoft is expected to release new features in September or October this year. Microsoft did not comment on any source: Windows Central
Elon Musk filed a petition with the court, opposing Twitter's urgent ruling.|Elon Musk appealed to the court to dismiss Twitter's request for an urgent court ruling on the withdrawal of the Twitter acquisition. Musk wants it to be considered next year by Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. Petitioned a Delaware court to postpone Twitter's urgent hearing. Elon Musk withdrew from the $44 billion offer, which Twitter wants to have a trial by September, the world's richest man. He said he needed time to prepare for Twitter's lawsuit. Elon Musk's lawyers said twitter's filing to allow a speedy trial was unusual and could be Twitter's tactics. To conceal the truth about fake and spam accounts on the Twitter platform, however, Twitter declined to comment on Elon's objection petition. Musk Source: CNBC
10 startups that softbanks invest in, another wave of layoffs|At least 10 startups have begun laying off employees, although large capitals such as softbanks have invested in them because they cannot resist the economic downturn. After the U.S. recently released june inflation figures of 9.1%, the highest in 40 years, the softbank said it had lost about $27 billion in investments. Delivery Company About 10% of the 400 employees were laid off, or 3% of the total workforce, due to plans to close more than 70 warehouses to reduce costs by $100 million.2.Nextbite The restaurant software company also announced layoffs, but did not disclose how many, with 2020 raising $120 million in Series C funding, led by SoftBank3.Weee! Delivery of grocery stores or daily necessities from ASEAN and Spain The company cut its workforce by 10% or 150 employees in mid-June, despite previously raising $4.1 billion in capital. The company provides tools for businesses with teams working overseas. The company recently raised $300 million in April, led by SoftBank, and the management team has tried to reduce their salaries, but has not been able to do so, with many recently resigning in line with a plan to cut 10% or about 100 employees.5.Reef Technology A mobile kitchen service company with trailers, softbank has invested $900 million. In 2018, however, it recently announced a 5% staff cut.6.OneTrust, a company providing personal security services, laid off 25% of its employees, and in 2020, OneTrust recently raised $300 million in Series C funding, mostly from SoftBank, which has already raised $5.1 billion from various rounds.7.Jellysmack A startup in the creative and advertising business recently raised $991 million, but when the giant brand cut its advertising budget, it hit revenue, and Jellysmack had to cut 8%8.Sendoso, a company that provides gifts to partners, that SoftBank recently put into the $100 million Series C funding round. Last year, however, it had to lay off 100 employees, up from 700.9.Cameo The video sharing technology company laid off 1 in 4 or 87 employees, shocking many because they didn't think it would happen because last year it had just raised Series C funding and led the company to grow with capital surpassing $1,000 10.Better.com The mortgage business has been laying off 900 employees since the end of last year and has three waves of 4,000 employees, with the company raising a total of US$6 billion. Of course, led by softbanks, the bad signs of the economy, especially in the United States and Europe, are reflected in the inflation figures, leading to continued interest rate hikes. This increases the cost of business. As people's purchasing power continues to weaken, most businesses now stick to the principles. Reduce costs as much as possible to get through this crisis.
Chris Evans Admittedly, still think about the Home button and iPhone 6S.|Chris Evans, a former actor who plays Captain America. In Marvel's cinematic universe, he said he still thinks about the home button on the iPhone 6S, even though he's now turning to a new iPhone. When Captain America's actor Chris Evans announced goodbye to the long-used iPhone 6S and recently switched to the iPhone 12 Pro, Chris Evans recently had the opportunity to talk about the transition from iPhone 6S to iPhone 12 Pro to Collider during the promotion of Netflix Evans' new film The Gray Man. Admittedly, I still prefer using the iPhone 6S, both in the form of a smartphone and the home button on the phone of the man who plays Captain America. In his opinion, the iPhone 12 Pro is too heavy. The unit is also bulky and feels unstable while holding or holding the phone. However, in an interview with Collider, it became clear that Chris Evans' smartphone was a "very good one". Use it not the iPhone 13 Pro as previously predicted. But it's an older model, iPhone 12 Pro.SPONSORED.
Samsung announces Galaxy Unpacked event on August 10, expects Galaxy Z Fold 4 to be launched|Samsung Galaxy Unpacked is set to be held on August 10. Around 8 p.m. in Thailand, Samsung Galaxy Unpacked is set to unveil its flagship smartphone for the second half of the year at the Galaxy Unpacked event. Led by Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4, the galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4 will take place at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, coinciding with Thailand time at 8:00 p.m. The event is expected to see Galaxy Watch 5 to Galaxy Buds 2 Pro, an add-on lineup and one of the products Samsung hopes for.
Netflix reported a 9.7 lakh drop in subscribers, less than expected. Prepare to manage password-sharing accounts next year|Netflix The second quarter of 2022 results showed a real drop in subscribers, but less than the previous forecast, with the loss of just 9.7 lakh subscribers. You seem to be breathing more relief. The number of lost subscribers in the second quarter of 2022 fell to just 9.7 lakh. Originally at Netflix It is estimated that they will lose as many as 2 million subscribers. Netflix's membership fell by just 9.7 lakh, but this figure is the largest loss of subscribers in the company's history since the start of 2022. Efforts have been made to deal with the company's volatile situation, including laying off 450 jobs, issuing an ad-packed Netflix package, working with Microsoft, and managing password-sharing user accounts during one of the earnings announcements. Netflix Ad-bookmark packages will be available on Netflix early next year, as well as password-sharing account management guidelines next year. It could be the end of "Netflix", as it comes to sharing netflix passwords. Prepare to start collecting fees in the form of tests this August. Limited to Argentina, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, Netflix's strategic content rating in the coming years is something to watch. The Gray Man, which stars Ryan Gosling, Chris Evans and Ana de ArmasSPONSORED, followed by the return of the fifth season of The Crown series, set to be released on Netflix this November. Finally, that's the squid game-themed reality game listing.
Delaware Court An inquiry into the issue between Twitter and Elon Musk began in October. It takes 5 days.|Twitter has been given the green light after a Delaware court prepares for an urgent hearing. In the event that Elon Musk withdrew from twitter takeover in $44 billion, the hearing will take five days in the form of a teleconference in Delaware, led by Kathleen McCormick, to approve the urgent trial requested by Twitter. Elon Musk's withdrawal from the $44 billion takeover was reported. The five-day trial between Elon Musk and Twitter is scheduled for October. In the form of online meetings during the trial. Lawyers from Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, representing Twitter He argued that the trial should be conducted as quickly as possible to stop the potential damage caused by the uncertainty of the deal between Musk and Twitter's lawyers. Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, also said. Deliberately buying time for the trial to be delayed. In order for the contract in respect of the terms of funding for the purchase of Twitter to expire, Musk's lawyers section He argued on Twitter that speeding up the trial was wrong. Because checking Twitter's huge archives can't be done in a short time. Especially when it comes to spam accounts and bot accounts on the platform, lawyers from the Twitter side of the aisle. CONFIRM THAT CONSIDERING THE PERCENTAGE OF BOT ACCOUNTS IS UNNECESSARY IN THIS CASE BECAUSE THE MERGER WAS NOT ORIGINALLY AGREED UPON.SPONSORED Source: CNBC
Microsoft Teams crashes, affecting users around the world|Microsoft rushed to find out why the Microsoft Teams system was unable to function normally on Wednesday evening local time. From this system crash It immediately hit Microsoft Teams users around the world, according to international media reports, including the @MSFT365Status Twitter account, which reports on the movements of Microsoft services. Microsoft is investigating the issue and will update its status via TM402718 from the @MSFT365Status account. The incident occurred around 9:04 a.m. Microsoft has revealed that the error was caused by a connection to an internal memory service.
Samsung hits beep, reveals nearly 10 million foldable mobile phone shipments|After announcing plans for Galaxy Unpacked 2022 on August 10, which is expected to be the launch of the Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4, Samsung has added more talk to foldable smartphones. According to the figures, shipments of foldable phones in 2021 reached nearly 10 million TM units. Roh, President and Head of Samsung's Smartphone Division Revealed via Samsung's official webblog It shows confidence in the moment when it's ready for foldable smartphones, and more people are picking up foldable phones, said Samsung's chief smartphone executive. It goes on to say that for three years, Samsung has launched a foldable galaxy smartphone. It's also evident that the design is innovative and flexible. It fits perfectly into the new lifestyle. One thing that used to be novel three years ago, but now it has already become the choice of millions of people on the same blog. Roh said the foldable smartphone industry has reached the point where it has been able to export nearly 10 million smartphones worldwide over the past year, a figure that is a 300 percent increase compared to 2020. Samsung continues to lead the market overwhelmingly. It holds 87.8 percent of the market share, leaving Huawei as the number two in the business with 9.3 percent, followed by Xiaomi with 2.4 percent and Oppo with 0.2 percent.
Google pauses employment for 14 days|Google has stopped hiring all positions for two weeks, in line with the company's previously announced plans announced by Sundar. Pichai reports the website. Information Google announced plans to halt all employment for two weeks, which came after announcing a slowdown in employment for the rest of the year. Google added 10,000 jobs in the second quarter of this year. Information It goes on to reveal that from the above points, Prabekar Rakkavan Google's senior vice president wrote in an email to all employees that we will use this time to review employment-related needs and prioritize roles. The termination process will not affect the employment that has reached an agreement on everything. However, employees who have to renew their contracts in the near future will be directly affected by Google's stop-employment policy. This is in line with Google's previously announced plans to delay employment throughout 2022. It was later estimated that the economy could be in recession at any time. Pichai, CEO of Google and Alphabet, urged the company's employees to be ready to move forward. Must be entrepreneurial Work more urgently Of course, the same measures in both layoffs and employment stoppages are not unique to Google. But it also happens in many companies, such as Meta and Twitter.
Analysts assess Netflix is likely to be acquired by Microsoft After declaring itself a commercial partner|The announcement of a partnership between Netflix and Microsoft last week has become a topic of discussion as it could pave the way for the sale of Netflix to Microsoft Laura. Martin, senior analyst at Needham Speaking to Yahoo News, she noted that the partnership between Netflix and Microsoft may have some hidden agendas, a joint statement between Netflix and Microsoft revealed last week. "This partnership will increase consumer choice while providing a positive experience for those who will be advertising with Netflix. Microsoft will be the developer of advertising and sales technologies. Martin said, in her view. Microsoft isn't Netflix's best advertising partner. Looking back at Microsoft's resume They've never been involved in a third-party advertising business before, Martin. Noted that if only the subject matter of the advertising partner is counted. Netflix also has a lot of options, especially google, roku, freewheel, or magnite, among other senior analysts at Needham. He further said that Netflix chose Microsoft because there is a possibility that Netflix is planning to exit the business (exit) and Microsoft is a good option. It is not heavily watched by regulators compared to Google, which is constantly under the issue of monopoly in the market. IF THERE IS A CASE FOR BUYING NETFLIX BY GOOGLE, IT IS UNLIKELY TO GO THROUGH THE REGULATORY AUTHORITY. Martin believes that it is possible that Microsoft and Netflix could be traded in the future, something interesting if a deal between Netflix and Microsoft takes place, that is content, because it will open a new door. Additionally, Microsoft's game developer studio Netflix's famous series, such as Stranger Things, can be developed in the form of games, and Netflix will receive large funding. For developing your own content in the future, it should also be mentioned that Reed Hastings Co-CEO of Netflix Having served on Microsoft's board from 2007 to 2012, both Netflix and Microsoft have a long-standing relationship.
Facebook resurrects feeds chronologically It's easier to follow posts from friends.|Facebook is back to its basics. By splitting the feed into two parts, one is algorithmic display and the other is a chronological display of feeds to access the content of people and communities who connect regularly on the platform, something that Facebook users around the world have been waiting for. On Facebook To make it easier for users to follow posts from friends, it should be noted that for decades, Facebook has been offering feeds that the user is expected to be interested in on the platform through algorithmic analysis, replacing the chronological impressions from Facebook's revelations. Facebook said they split the display feed into two tabs, divided into algorithmic impressions called Home, and then divided by posts by friends in the user's circle, including pages and groups that are being followed. Facebook users around the world are expected to be using their chronological feeds in unison next week.
EA Sports confirms FIFA 23 does not have national teams and clubs from Russia. |EA Sport, the developer of FIFA 23, has revealed that the game is a new and final installment to work with FIFA. There will be no club teams from the Russian Premier League and the Russian national team. Ea Sport has announced the launch of FIFA 23. The game will be officially released on September 30. The player who will be on the cover of this installment is Kylian. Paris Saint-Germain superstar Mbappe and France international Sam Kerr is the first female player to be featured on the cover of the FIFA series. This is a new dimension of the game, the appeal of FIFA 23 also includes political issues. When EA Sports Confirm that in the new installment game. The game developers will stand in solidarity with the Ukrainian people, calling for peace and asking Russia to stop invading Ukraine. The Russian national team and Russian Premier League clubs will not appear in FIFA 23SPONSORED in the case of the elimination of Russian national teams and Russian football clubs, a continuation of the EA's previous policy, which began in March, by removing the Russian team from FIFA 22. As a result, all parties in the gaming industry Carry out sanctions on Russia. With the cessation of all forms of business in Russia. Microsoft, CD Projects, Epic Games, Tech-2 Interactive, Ubisoft, and esports tournaments have banned Russian teams from competing.
Google fired Blake Lemony, who previously reported that AI has a human feel, out of work.|Blake Lemony has become a former Google employee. Later, the internet giants. He was fired for violating employment policies and publishing product information dating back to June. In an interview with the Washington Post, Google engineer Blake Lemony said artificial intelligence (AI) may have the same feelings as humans. Google's artificial intelligence technology, LaMDA, has been developed to allow for a sense of self, according to The Associated Press. Lamda had a conversation with Lemoni on rights and identity issues and shared a Google Doc document titled Is Lamda Sentient? Google has suspended Lemony for publishing confidential company information. A GOOGLE SPOKESPERSON ALSO DENIED LEMONY'S CLAIM THAT LAMDA WAS EMOTIONALLY CAPABLE UNTIL AROUND 3 P.M. EASTERN STANDARD TIME. Blake Lemony has revealed that he has already been fired by Google. Gabriel, a Google spokesman; The company said it takes the development of artificial intelligence seriously and has conducted 11 official assessments, including the publication of research on responsible development, but that if our employees encounter concerns in the body of work, as in the case of Blake, Google will conduct another comprehensive assessment. There is a feeling it is not entirely unfounded, a Google spokesperson. "It's sad that Google and Blake's character are here. Blake has repeatedly tried to discuss the topic, but Blake still chooses to violate employment policies and product information releases, before Google finally wishes Lemony good luck in the future.
Twitter reveals earnings failed due to uncertainty over Elon Musk's situation|Twitter said twitter's revenue was slightly lower than expected due to the situation between Twitter and Elon Musk. Twitter's revenue fell from expectations due to uncertainty over the acquisition between Twitter and Elon Musk, and the advertising industry is facing macro issues. Twitter's revenue in the second quarter of 2022 was $1.18 million, one percent less than the same period last year. The 16 percent growth to 237.8 million, but still less than the target of 238.7 million for the lawsuit between Twitter and Elon Musk, is currently in no further action as both sides are preparing information and documents for the trial, which takes place in October.
Yeezy Gap and Balenciaga launch a game to promote new clothing collections.|YEEZY GAP ENGINEERED BY BALENCIAGA, a brand new collection that was recently released with the launch of arcade style games for fans of the brand to try out. THE LATEST EXAMPLE IS THE DEVELOPMENT OF ARCADE-STYLE GAMES TO PROMOTE A NEW CLOTHING COLLECTION, A COLLABORATION BETWEEN YEZY GAP AND VALENCIACA UNDER THE NAME YEEZY GAP ENGINEERED BY BALENCIAGA. On yizi cap's website (click here). The game starts with the creation of an avatar. THEN ENTER THE SELECTION OF CLOTHES FROM THE LATEST COLLECTION OF YEEZY GAP ENGINEERED BY BALENCIAGA DECORATED AVATARS. The avatar we have chosen to customize will continue to soar in the sky, where the player is responsible for moving the phone left or right to hit the flying bird. The more it floats against the bird, the higher the avatar will rise. At one point, the avatar slowly falls, and the game is doomed.YEEZY GAP ENGINEERED BY BALENCIAGA This is the second collection, a collaboration between Kanye West. A renowned rapper, producer and designer, Gap's clothing team, along with high-end fashion brand Valenciaca, designed the collection. It uses a primarily black tone, but has a slight gimmick by screening the word GAP in the middle of the shirt. T-shirts, jackets, pants and hoodies, etc.SPONSORED Source: Hypebeast
Apple plans to add new Apple Watch Pro dials 7 percent larger |Apple is set to unveil a new model in the Pro series, Apple's highest-end smart watch. The case has been redesigned for the first time since 2018, and the dial is 7 percent larger, bloomberg news agency's Power On list. Apple's annual annual product launch in September will unveil a new product in apple's high-end Apple Watch Pro lineup, the report said. Apple Watch Pro has a screen size that is 7 percent larger than before, has a longer battery life, and the addition of a body temperature sensor is interesting with the launch of the Apple Watch Pro: the new design for the first time since 2018. Previous Mark German Power On owner Apple previously reported that Apple has an idea to develop an Apple Watch to target customers who love outdoor sports.
Kardashian Family Update Story Don't like the new version of Instagram|Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner Kardashian celebrities have expressed their displeasure over the new version of Instagram that focuses heavily on short video content, or reels, in recent days. Instagram users have seen a noticeable change in the platform: Instagram is becoming more and more similar to TikTok, with feeds starting to be filled with short videos of Reels. In particular, celebrities such as Kylie Jenner shared a photo of IG Story, which spoke about the desire of users who want to see Instagram return to Instagram while stopping their attempts to become a tick-to-k. Kim Kardashian INTERESTINGLY, KYLIE JENNER HAS 360 MILLION FOLLOWERS ON INSTAGRAM, SECOND ONLY TO CRISTIANO RONALDO (WHO HAS 470 MILLION FOLLOWERS). Her older sister, Kim Kardashian, has 326 million followers. The arrival of Reels is not surprising, because as you know, Meta, the parent company of Instagram, is constantly trying to push short videos or Reels. In addition, an online campaign called Make Instagram Instagram again on the Change.org website has been set up to get Instagram back in its original form. More than 1.16 lakh people have signed on.
Google Play celebrates its 10th anniversary, changing its logo to the same theme as Google.|Google Play, Google's application platform, celebrated its 10th anniversary by changing its logo, which comes with the same theme as Google but retains the same triangular logo identity. In 2012, when Google Play was called Android Market, google play changed its logo to retain its triangle symbol. Just change the color to match the parent company symbol, Google. There are 4 color elements: blue (#4285F4), red (#EA4335), yellow (#FBBC04) and green (#34A853). Play more than 2 million people In addition, on its 10th anniversary, Google has launched a campaign to give away 10 times Play Points when buying applications or games on the platform.
Anti-Fake News Center alerts 13 malicious applications, sucks money, reads messages, and spys|Anti-Fake News Center Anti-Fake News Center Thailand is under the supervision of the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society. Report the discovery of malicious malware, which can suck money, read messages, spy on users, and the Anti-Fake News Center. Thailand A post on the morning of July 25, 2022, stated, "There have been reports from IT security firm Kaspersky that 13 joker applications or apps with malicious malware hosts that can steal users' cash, read messages, and spy on local operations, and recommend that users delete them immediately." Such status of the Anti-Fake News Center Thailand Identify all 13 applications as follows: The last report on the Joker malware occurred on July 5, 2022, according to Pradeo, a cybersecurity research firm, discovered in the Play Store of the Android operating system. After the malware was discovered, Pradeo's team reported it to Google. The developers of the Play Store platform knew immediately before it was removed from the store that the Joker malware would damage its users by intercepting one-time passwords and security codes, sending and reading SMS manually, capturing screens, making automated calls, accessing contact lists and reading records. The above application has been installed more than 100,000 times, which is a lot. All you have to do is uninstall it as soon as it comes: Anti-Fake News Center Thailand, Pradeo
Instagram executives admit new app models are not doing well Confirm the most focused video content|Instagram's chief executive, Twitter, has opened up about accepting the new version of Instagram is not doing well. A lot of people don't like it, but they'll do their best, while focusing on video content, and not abandoning photo sharing, which is definitely the beginning of Instagram. Mosseri The head of Instagram products at Meta recorded a 2.28-minute video on Twitter telling about what happened on Instagram, especially the dissatisfaction of users that Instagram has now become a TikTok app. Mosseri said that what is happening on Instagram is still in the form of a test. Kardashian and Kylie Jenner Expressed through IG Story channel Despite his dissatisfaction with Instagram's support for the Make Instargram Instagram campaign again, Instagram continues to push to become a video platform that rivals TikTokSPONSORED. Mosseri talks about sharing photos, which is where Instagram originated. Instagram won't leave photo sharing, even though the app is now focused and puts video content first, because everyone loves photos, including Mosseri himself, and there's no way Instagram can abandon its legacy. That's recommendations, or recommendations for interesting content on your feed. The user does not follow Mosseri. Say that this section needs to be revised and improved. If the user is really unhappy, they can press Snooze all to turn off all alarms. However, the development of a content recommendation system on the feed was developed under the concept of helping creators who are not very famous. But Instagram insists on developing a better referral system than it already is: Adam Mosseri
META filed a lawsuit against Facebook's parent company Meta for trademark infringement.|Meta filed a lawsuit in court, alleging that Facebook, which was later rebranded to Meta, infringed its trademark and caused unfair competition. As a result, companies that used meta names before Facebook suffered enormous damage to Justin's business. Bologlino, CEO and co-founder of Meta (non-Facebook), told CNBC. He said Facebook's rebranding had done something he never expected that one day his company, which had been founded for centuries, would be hijacked. By the world's most influential company, Justin. Bologlino said what he is doing next is a lawsuit against Facebook's parent company. He is accused of trademark infringement and causing unfair competition, which has severely affected his business. He added that his company is a small company with a 12-year founding age with an aptitude for developing virtual reality and augmented reality for events, similar to meta. Facebook's parent company and InstagramSPONSORED, however, rebranded facebook to meta. As a result, his business was disrupted and confused from a customer's point of view because he wasn't sure if meta's products were related to Facebook's parent company, Bolognino insisted he would fight the lawsuit no matter how long it took because he didn't want Facebook (or current meta) to fight the case. Steal his brand. So far, however, it is unclear how much Meta damages Bologno will incur. Meta's lawyer, founded by Bolognino. The company said that over the course of nearly 8 months, the two companies had scheduled talks on the issue to resolve the issue together, but it was Facebook that did not show up for the appointment when CNBC contacted Meta. Facebook's parent company asked for comment on the matter, but ultimately did not receive a response.
Manchester City partner with Cisco to develop smart scarf to enhance football experience|Manchester City have teamed up with Cisco to produce a smart scarf to keep track of blue-collar fans while cheering on their beloved team. Manchester City, champions of the Premier League for the 2021/22 season, announced a partnership with Cisco to develop a scarf, which inside has embedded a biosensor. To collect information of football fans in terms of heart rate. Although it is doubtful how much a football club team needs to develop a device that demands the wearer's data collection, in this case a scarf. However, the club is a blue sailor. He said the information would be updated to better define the experience and to study the passion of football in Manchester fans. City wants to own this smart scarf. It should be said that this device is still in the experimental phase of the project. Only a handful of fans will be able to test this device. The test will begin with fans of Manchester City's New York City FC team, and will then be gradually tested against the Blues. Because the data collected is considered personal information, especially biometric data. It also includes cleaning. These scarves When worn in just one to two games, it smells bad and the end is the selling price, but it's unclear how much it will cost, given the price of the regular scarf, which is sold in megastores. Manchester City's online and offline format is available for 12, equivalent to around THB 600.
Facebook's revenue drops for the first time Stop the steady growth record that has been around for more than a decade.|Facebook or Meta nowadays Confronting ongoing problems The latest issue arises from meta's second quarter 2022 earnings report, when meta's revenue fell by 1 percent. When Meta's revenue fell 1 percent compared to the same period last year, with revenue of $288 billion and net profit down 36 percent to $6.7 billion, it's certainly not a good sign for Meta as it marks the first decline in revenue. It also underscores that meta-branded businesses are facing challenges, especially due to Apple's app tracking transparency policy, which makes meta's revenue not meeting its targets. Data on the Reality Labs division, which oversees Mark Zuckerberg's Metaverse project, continues to suffer losses of $2.8 billion. However, losses in the Reality Labs division are something that the CEO and co-founders of the company have been working on. Although Meta has invested heavily in the service, the revenue results have not been satisfactory, but the company still hopes that Reels will raise its level to become a revenue driver in the future despite the bad news on many issues. But there's still some good news to be had: Facebook's daily active users jumped 3 percent to 1.97 billion accounts, and the so-called Family App user segment includes Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Daily active users grew by 4 percent to 2.88 billion accounts Source: Meta, CNBC
Samsung Galaxy A13 5G launches 5G mobile for 6,999 BAHT|Samsung unveils Galaxy A13 5G with 5G wireless connectivity Galaxy A13 5G is a smartphone that supports 5G wireless connectivity using the MediaTek Dimensity 700 5G chipset, the device has a screen size of 6.5 inches, HD+ resolution, supports a 90Hz refresh rate. The 5-megapixel front camera, internal memory for data storage, comes with 64GB of ROM, 4GB of RAM, and a maximum MicroSD Card of 1TB, a battery of 5,000 mAh, support for 15W Fast Charge technology. IT WILL BE AVAILABLE IN THAILAND ON AUGUST 8TH AT THB 6,999.
China's second-quarter smartphone market fell due to lockdown measures|The overall situation in the smartphone business in China in the second quarter of 2022 was not very good, with sales falling by 14.2 percent compared to the previous year due to the Chinese government's COVID-19 lockdown measures. Many consumers choose to tighten their belts to refrain from spending on luxury goods amid a slowing economy. Moreover, the Chinese government's zero-COVID policy has made it difficult for economic activity to move. In addition, factors from the Russia-Ukraine war also affected this business. Honor, formerly under Huawei's supervision, has performed better, with its market share rising from 7.7 percent to 18.3 percent, while china's smartphone market leader Vivo now holds 19.8 percent, OPPO with 17.9 percent market share, Apple with 15.5 percent and Xiaomi 14.9 percent in fifth placeSPONSORED Source: Counterpoint ResearchSPONSORED
Instagram takes a step back, reducing the recommendation of unfollowed posts. The user was later bombarded with feeds.|Instagram takes a step back after many users curse From the point of presenting a post on the feed page with video content from Reels. It seems that the celebrity powers of Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian have had a far-reaching impact on change. Instagram had to step back by reducing the presentation of algorithmic recommended posts, which were filled with video content from Reels and suggested content, instead of content coming from accounts that users did not follow within a short period of time. That is to say, it is a photo-sharing application, not presenting everything must be a video in the same way as TikTok. Mosseri Instagram's head of product spoke to a technology newsletter provider called Platform. Admittedly, it was a risk-based decision, but it was a risk he was willing to take. Because if you don't dare to do something that fails and carries that risk. I wouldn't have the courage to think big anymore, Mosseri. "But from the situation that has arisen. Instagram is necessary to take one step back. As we learn more things, we're going to learn more. AFTER THAT, WE'LL COME BACK WITH A NEW IDEA, AND WE'LL GET THROUGH THAT.SPONSORED, THE HEAD OF THE INSTAGRAM DEVELOPMENT TEAM, ADDED THAT INSTAGRAM WILL REDUCE THE RECOMMENDATION OF POSTS FROM UNFOLLOWED USERS. Which Mosseri Admittedly, the system hasn't reached the high standards of Mosseri's above sentence. There is a strong possibility that the introduction of content of this nature will return. When Instagram was able to successfully develop a better content recommendation system than it is today, source: Plarformer
Sony partners with Backbone One to develop PlayStation 5 theme controller for iPhone for $3,700|Sony announces partnership with Backbone One, a PlayStation 5-themed smartphone controller manufacturer, at a price of US$99.99, equivalent to approximately THB 3,700 Sony, the developer of the PlayStation 5 console console console platform, has announced a commercial partnership with Backbone One to produce a controller called Backbone One PlayStation Edition for gamers using iPhoneBackbone One smartphones. Sony's PlayStation has made it easier, from remote play to cross-platform games like Genshin Impact and first-person shooter games like Call of Duty: Mobile, for example, with the PlayStation 5-themed controller price for iPhone at US$99.99, equivalent to around THB 3,700. After that, it will be gradually released in other countries around the world.SPONSORED Source: PlayStationSPONSORED
U.S. Senate urges Apple and Google to investigate fake crypto apps|Ohio Senate Question Apple and Google To check applications related to cryptocurrencies Later, more and more fake crypto apps were added to the store, Democrat Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio. Submit a letter asking Apple and Google Explaining the process of reviewing and appapping cryptocurrency applications and digital wallet apps, Brown cited an FBI report that said more than two hundred investors had been scammed for $42.7 million over the past year. On this issue, Apple and Google. It has not responded to comments on the matter. However, both companies have a deadline to provide information to Sherrod Brown by August 10.
The lawsuit between Twitter and Elon Musk is set to go to trial on October 17.|Judges of the Delaware State Court The trial between Twitter and Elon Musk took place on October 17, following a feud between Twitter and Elon Musk over the case of the world's richest man. He is also the founder of SpaceX. It happened as a step backwards from the offer he was submitting for a takeover of Twitter. At $44 billion, Twitter has filed a petition with a Delaware court for an urgent hearing, bloomberg news agency revealed. Musk and Twitter's dispute hearing will take place on October 17 and end on October 20. The epic of Twitter and Elon Musk has caught the eye of a wide audience, especially on the issue that Elon Musk will ultimately pay $440 billion, which is even more expensive than Twitter's value. Before the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla It decided to end twitter's demand for purchases, citing twitter's lack of clarity on the bot information available on the platform, and then took legal action when Twitter filed a complaint with the court. Elon Musk has tried to get the court to postpone the trial to February next year, but the trial will eventually begin on October 17, 2022.Source: Bloomberg
Qualcomm expands partnership with Samsung to prepare to shut down Exynos chips in flagship smartphone|Samsung and Qualcomm Expanding long-term partnerships with this partnership to strengthen Qualcomm It also underscores the news that Samsung is preparing for a complete overhaul by adopting Qualcomm's chipset in Qualcomm's flagship smartphone. The world's leading chipset manufacturer The company announced a seven-year extension of its commercial partnership with Samsung, allowing Qualcomm and Samsung to use the patents they share. From access to 3G, 4G, 5G to 6G licenses, which are the technologies of the future, cooperation is taking place. As a result, in the near future, Samsung There are more opportunities to opt for Qualcomm's chipsets. Especially in the flagship smartphone segment, the launch of Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4. On August 10, it is expected that both models will use Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipset. For example, in the United States and South Korea, Qualcomm chips are used, but european and Asian countries will choose exynos chips that are worth watching: the partnership of Samsung and Qualcomm. This is in line with previous news that Samsung is preparing to phase out the Exynos chipset in its flagship smartphone and replace Qualcomm with all of its chipsets. Samsung fans have called for the exynos chipset to be discontinued because it is inferior in quality to Snapdragon in terms of heat generated during use. Snapdragon and Exynoss are no different because they pass the same level of rigorous testing. Qualcomm CEO Emon hinted that the relationship between Qualcomm and Samsung has strengthened as over the past 20 years, the two companies have worked together to develop the industry and are pleased to continue their strategic partnership, technology and product development through the use of Snapdragon's platform to power Samsung's premium devices around the world. The possibility of Samsung using Qualcomm's chipsets in its entire flagship smartphone lineup. There is a chance to start at Galaxy S23 Source: 9to5Google, QualcommSPONSORED
Samsung launches new Repair Mode feature, hides all data before sending for repair|Samsung The new feature, called Repair Mode, was introduced before anyone else on the Galaxy S21, but the service is still only available in South Korea, with the opportunity to expand to other countries in the future, says Sam Mobile, a website that collects information about Samsung brand products. Samsung has developed a feature called Repair Mode. It is intended to allow smartphone users to keep their personal information confidential. Photos, texts, videos, emails, etc. need to be repaired to avoid data leakage and close the opportunity for technicians to access customers' smartphones using the new unboxing feature. The first Galaxy S21 will be available in Samsung's home country of South Korea, and Samsung has a project to expand the service in other countries around the world in the future.
Elon Musk filed 164 pages of paperwork, suing Twitter back. |Elon Musk filed a lawsuit against Twitter, filing 164 pages of documents, but it's unclear at this time what content and materiality Elon Musk responded to Twitter by escalating his legal battle. The lawsuit was later filed on Twitter, marking the latest official move. After the world's richest man walked away from the $44 billion acquisition of Twitter, The Guardian reports. Musk has filed a lawsuit in Delaware State Court. On Friday, U.S. local time, after a Delaware court judge announced that the lawsuit between Elon Musk and Twitter would begin on October 17, Musk's legal team filed a 164-page indictment, but so far there has been no official announcement of what the content and substance of the lawsuit contains on Twitter that has been indicted and has not commented. Musk has been sued by a group of Twitter shareholders, asking the court to order Musk to close the deal to acquire Twitter, stating that the decision by the founder of SpaceX to withdraw from the acquisition of the social media giant violated the trust of Twitter shareholders, leading to widespread damage and causing Twitter to lose many opportunities during the takeover news. As a result, Twitter's revenue was 1 percent less than expected.Source: The Guardian
Motorola Razr 2022 and X30 Pro cancel launch event in China It is expected from Nancy's visit to Taiwan. Pelosi|The launch of Motorola's new smartphones in the Moto Razr 2022 and Moto X30 Pro models has been canceled for unknown reasons, but is believed to have come from Nancy's visit to Taiwan. Pelosi Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday evening, local time. Motorola, a well-known smartphone manufacturer, is managed by Lenovo, an IT company from China. It decided to cancel the launch of the new smartphones Moto Razr 2022 and the Moto X30 Pro in China. The so-called unused type at the last moment, with no one knowing why, which baffles the people who are waiting for the launch of such smartphones. Jin, General Manager of Lenovo in China Speaking via Weibo, a popular Chinese social media platform, about the cancellation of Motorola's new smartphone launch event two hours before the launch date, Chen Jin said he was sorry to inform him that the launch of the new product at 7.30pm had been cancelled for some reason. We look forward to bringing moto's new products to everyone, and it remains a moto that Chinese users love, while motorola's official channel doesn't give a definite reason for major events being cancelled. The Moto Razr 2022 and Moto X30 Pro are the world's first smartphones that Motorola wants to open in China. Although representatives of both Motorola and Lenovo did not give an exact reason for the cancellation of the new product launch event, it is highly likely that the main reason was Nancy Pedi's visit to Taiwan. Pelosi The speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, who has deeply upset the Chinese government, is a major reason why Motorola delayed the launch of the new smartphone. Due to these tensions source: Android Police
TSMC, the manufacturer of Apple-feeder chipsets, reiterated that if there is a war between Taiwan and China, the defeat belongs to all sides.|President of TSMC, the world's leading chipset manufacturer Taiwan intrusion warning will cause major problems in chipset industry Reiterating that the war is not a winner, but a defeat for all sides, followed by global economic turmoil, Mark Liu, president of TSMC, the world's leading chipmaker, told CNN. On the key issue if China decides to invade Taiwan, Mark Liu insists that the world's most advanced chipset manufacturing plant will not be operational. It is considered to be the world's most advanced chipset manufacturer with advanced manufacturing technology. Apple and Qualcomm, as well as many other small and large companies, can be said to be the drivers of the world's chipset industry. That's because chipset manufacturing is a complex production. It requires real-time connectivity with other countries around the world, including Europe, Japan, and the United States. In terms of materials, chemicals, spare parts, software engineering and analysis of potential problems, this interview with CNN Liu emphasized that if there is any war and aggression, the result is that no one wins, but on the other hand, all parties are defeated at the same time. Tensions between China and Taiwan have escalated. Pelosi U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Visits Taiwan LATE AT NIGHT THAILAND TIMESPONSORED LIU It goes on to say that the potential conflict in Taiwan and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia are "very serious". Although the two conflicts are very different, the economic implications are similar. Liu wants political leaders to avoid war in all cases, the TSMC president added, adding that the invasion of territory has caused economic turmoil in China, Taiwan and the West. TSMC is also a supplier of chipsets to Chinese IT companies.
Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 Review - Flagship Wireless Headphones Engineering With Devialet|Huawei's interest in the development of electronics in recent times is the development of devices that are more relevant, work-oriented, and lifestyle-oriented, reducing the importance of smartphones. In collaboration with Devialet, a French company, the data in the specifications of Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 indicates that this is true wireless headphones, dual-speaker True Sound system, dual-speaker True Sound system uses cross-over technology, 11mm dynamic driver driver, and ultra-high-frequency planar diaphragm driver delivers sound at sound frequencies ranging from 14Hz to 48kHz. In terms of noise cancellation, the Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 comes with three microphones combined with Intelligent Dynamic ANC 2.0 technology. In addition, the Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 also has a so-called beamforming and bone conduction microphone, allowing it to accurately detect and distinguish between noise and speaker sound. Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 has a smooth but elegant case design. No fingerprints The back case has the Huawei logo and Devialet, the size of the case is 52 grams, which is not bulky. Fairly portable in terms of headphone body design Huawei uses glossy materials to make the headphones stand out, but they also make fingerprints easy. The body of the earphone stem weighs very little, only 12.2 grams (on both sides). Users can change the size of the silicone stopper to suit the user's ears, with 3 sizes: S, M and L at the same time. Not sure if the Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 is suitable for the user's ears? In addition, Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 supports IP54 waterproofing. Users can set up the usage at huawei AI life application, inside there is a function called noise control, choose on-noise canceling mode, and there is a mode called Awareness for external sound perception. Suitable for atmospheric conditions with slightly inserted sound, General In addition, Huawei FreeBuds Pro 2 supports gestures or gestures, which come in three modes: gesture compression, squeezing and swiping at headphones. Clear sound with headphones able to reduce surrounding noise This makes sound effects impressive in terms of sound properties. By default, sound effects start with the Defualt effect, which is a joint development between Huawei and Devialet, but if you don't want to, there are also tweaks that focus on sounds such as bass boost, treble boost, and voices, or even manual customization to achieve sound effects that meet the needs of battery users. Available in 3 colors: Silver Blue, Silver Frost and Ceramic White, it is available for 6,499 THB. It is true wireless headphones that do well at a good price. FreeBuds Pro 2 also has a noise-cancelling ANC feature, which should satisfy the needs of users in all segments at the same time. It's easy to understand. The functionality is uncomplicated. The interface is clearly indicative of the overall details and is considered a headphone for a good experience. Have all the necessary items at a price level that is not very high. Compared to true wireless headphones of competing brands.SPONSORED
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Z Flip 4 set to launch with new names No Z |The launch of the upcoming Galaxy Unpacked 2022 on August 10 will be the launch stage for the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4, but the launch of both new products on that day will come under a new name, according to a Twitter account called SnoopyTech, one of the people with insider information about the product in the tech world. Samsung is set to phase out its brand name. The main reason why Samsung decided to remove the Galaxy Z series name from its products in the foldable smartphone segment is because the letter Z is a symbol used by the Russian military and often appears on Russian tanks, vehicles, and military equipment. That's why Samsung chose to stop using the Galaxy Z name and turn to communicating everything related to foldable smartphones with the Fold and FlipSPONSORED models. Back on March 30, Samsung canceled the brand. Galaxy Z in some European countries, including Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia, has been reintroduced as Galaxy Flip 3 and Galaxy Fold 3. It is expected to see a breakdown of the new product line in the smart watch segment, coming in two models, Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. Source: Tech RadarSPONSORED
OnePlus Ace Pro cancels launch in China Due to the conflict between China and Taiwan.|OnePlus is another smartphone brand that had to cancel its new smartphone launch event. Although the exact reason is not given, it is predictable from the reasons for the Taiwan-China conflict and Nancy's visit. Pelosi yesterday evening, One Plus A new smartphone under the name OnePlus Ace Pro is scheduled to be launched in China. However, this event must be cancelled. Without specifying the reason, it is entirely possible that the abrupt cancellation of one-plus events was related to Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan. Pelosi Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives This has resulted in tensions between China and Taiwan. It was not the first and only brand to decide to cancel the urgent event. Motorola has cancelled the launch event of the Moto Razr 2022 and X30 Pro indefinitely in the Lenovo section, the owner of the Motorola brand. The new launch schedule has not yet been revealed, as well as the reasons for the postponement of the event. Although it is already known for any reason, even if the OnePlus Ace Pro is not launched on schedule in China. However, in the international market, the OnePlus 10T has been launched, which has the same specs and capabilities as the OnePlus Ace Pro.
Apple prepares to increase iPhone 14 production capacity in India|- Foxconn, an electronics manufacturer Preparing to expand iPhone 14 production in India After sales performed well in India, the Economic Times reported that Foxconn, a smartphone maker for Apple, had been working on the issue. Preparing to increase production capacity in India In addition, Apple is looking to adapt various formats to meet the needs of Indian users, such as dialect translation and marketing patterns. At the same time, when Apple produces iPhone 14 in India, it will have a positive effect on both manufacturers and consumers, as it can save enough taxes and imports to support it.Sponsored Although Apple is successfully increasing the production of iPhone 14 in India, on the other hand, Apple is still unable to open an Apple Store in India and has had to postpone plans for a second time due to COVID-19.
Instagram expands NFT image impressions in 100 countries around the world|Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta and the parent company of Instagram, announced the expansion of NFT display on Instagram to 100 countries around the world, including Africa, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and the Americas. Set a status on Facebook Meta doesn't work alone, but has partnered with Coinbase Wallet and Dapper Wallet to allow users to connect Instagram to their digital wallets in the digital asset segment in NFT format. It confirms how NFTs work on Augmented reality and 3D technology, which is now taking shape. From NFT support on Instagram meta Efforts are underway to expand Web3's reach through NFT formats and want to support creators who want to make money from the technology and hope to build a community, fans and collectors.
Launch of OPPO Reno8 Series 5G, featuring The Portrait Expert, starting at 12,990 Baht|Oppo Thailand Introducing the new smartphones OPPO Reno8 Z 5G, OPPO Reno8 5G and OPPO Reno8 Pro 5G with The Portrait Expert concept. Launched at a starting price of THB 12,990 OPPO Thailand Oppo Reno8 Z 5G launches 3 smartphones including OPPO Reno8 Z 5G, OPPO Reno8 5G and OPPO Reno8 Pro 5G, continuing the so-called The Portrait Expert, focusing on providing a portrait and video experience with support for 5G connectivity. On a 6.43-inch screen size with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. The chipset uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 5G. The rear camera is equipped with three cameras: the main camera, which is a 64-megapixel f/1.7 wide camera, the second is a 2-megapixel f/2.4 macro camera, and the last is a 2-megapixel f/2.4 depth camera, followed by a 16-megapixel f/2.4 wide-camera front camera. The OPPO Reno8 Z 5G is available in two colors, Starlight Black and Dawnlight Gold are available for 12,990 minutes as the series' secondary smartphone, according to the report. The OPPO Reno8 5G, which also raises the selling point of The Portrait Expert, is equipped with a Sony IMX766 sensor on the 50-megapixel f/1.8 main camera, and an 8-megapixel second camera. As an f/2.2 ultra-wide camera, the third camera is a 2-megapixel f/2.4 macro camera and an IMX709 on a 32-megapixel front-facing camera. f/2.4 In the OPPO Reno8 5G model, OPPO focuses on the Ultra Night Video feature for sharp video shooting and vivid colours. It has a 6.4-inch screen size and a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. In addition, the battery comes to 4,500 mAh and can be charged to 80 watts of SUPERVOOC, which Oppo claims that if the battery is only 1 percent left, it can be charged to 50 percent in 11 minutes and from 1 to 100 percent in 28 minutes for colors sold in Thailand. Available in two colours, Shimmer Gold and Shimmer Black for 19,990 BAHT, the final SPONSORED OPPO Reno8 Pro 5G, which is already the high-end model of the series, continues to raise the issue of The Portrait Expert for professional photography, with Marisilicon X Imaging NPU and Sony IMX766 sensor on the 50-megapixel f/1.8 main camera, 8-megapixel f/2.2 ultra-wide camera, 2-megapixel f/2.4 macro camera and IMX709 on the 32-megapixel front-facing camera. f/2.4 The unit has a screen size of 6.7 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2412 pixels. The 120Hz operating system is covered by ColorOS 12.1, the MediaTek Dimensity 8100-Max chipset comes with a battery of 4,500 mAh, it has 80 watts of SUPERVOOC technology, charges from 1 to 100 percent within 31 minutes.
Samsung cuts smartphone production in Vietnam Dealing with economic slowdown|Samsung to reduce smartphone production at its Vietnam plant After the demand for smartphones decreased due to the economic slowdown, the situation in the smartphone business has another issue to watch. Samsung is reportedly quietly preparing to cut smartphone production in Vietnam in response to the prospect of an earlier economic slowdown. Samsung Smartphone sales in the second half of 2022 are expected to meet the target, but it was later reported that a smartphone factory in Vietnam has reduced the working days of its line employees to 3-4 days a week. If the situation in Vietnam is true, that means that Samsung's smartphone business is likely to slow down. Samsung also has two major smartphone manufacturing plants in India and South Korea, but Samsung insists it has no plans to cut production targets in Vietnam. Because giants like Google and Meta have already delayed their hiring plans. While Microsoft and Netflix Jobs are cut down so that there are no problems. If the recession moves in for Samsung They are scheduled to launch a new smartphone on August 10. It is expected to be the launch of the Galaxy Z Flip 4, Galaxy Z Fold 4 smartphone and Galaxy Watch 5SPONSORED smart watch.
Launched POCO C40, a large screen mobile phone with multimedia support, available at a price of 3,499 baht.|POCO unveils its latest smartphone, POCO C40, captures the entertainment market, focuses on high specs, big screen. Priced at 3,499 BahtPOCO C40 Xiaomi's newest smartphone, POCO, comes with a large 6.71-inch screen with an IPS LCD Dot Drop display with a maximum brightness of 400 nits with a resolution of 720 x 1650 pixels, as well as support for reading mode. Reduce the likelihood of eye strain during reading, etc. POCO C40 Featuring a 6,000 mAh battery with 18W fast charging support for all-day use, the POCO C40 has a 13-megapixel main camera and a 2-megapixel depth sensor. On the front camera side, the 5-megapixel SPONSORED PCset on the POCO C40 chip uses the JLQ JR510 chip, the operating system is Android 11, covered by MIUI 13 for POCOPOCO C40, available in 3 colors: POCO Yellow, Power Black and Coral Green.
Qualcomm has signed a partnership with Manchester United, hoping to shape the brand. Snapdragon|Qualcomm The world's leading electronics chipset manufacturer Qualcomm and Manchester United have officially announced a partnership with Qualcomm F.C. and Manchester United have announced a partnership in which Qualcomm will become one of Manchester United's supporters. We need a global brand for Manchester United to help shape the brand. Snapdragon, better known as a chipset brand in smartphone devices, Qualcomm's intentions want to introduce the brand to the world. Although both Qualcomm and Snapdragon do not sell products directly to consumers, the global strategic partnership of both Snapdragon and Manchester United may be questioned as to how the two brands will cooperate. Without giving an exact figure of the contract Source: Man Utd
Meta tests new platform Live streams for celebrities as Super|Meta is testing a new platform, which could be available in the near future, as a platform for celebrities and influencers to livestream as Super. A new project is being tested, a livestream platform for celebrities in many circles, to enable them to make money on the platform. Along with enhancing proximity to your audience or followers. On a platform called Super, it's very possible for meta to spend a certain amount of money hiring influencers or celebrities to appear on the Super platform for about 30 minutes, setting a wage rate depending on popularity, starting from around US$200 to US$3,000. It is very similar to Amazon's Twitch platform because it has the same strengths in live streaming and audience interaction. Meta also had a desire to compete with Twitter by launching a product called Facebook Gaming. It is not an extension or extension of both Instagram and Facebook, and the usage channel is likely to remain in the form of a website, but it is unclear whether it will expand to become a new application.sponsored Source: Business Insider
Motorola hints at new launch dates of Moto Razr 2022 and Moto X30 Pro|After having to cancel the event immediately. Motorola Hinting at the new launch date of the Moto Razr 2022 and X30 Pro is expected to take place in mid-August, Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan. Pelosi has led to tensions between Taiwan and China, leading to the cancellation of new product launches from both Motorola and OnePlus, according to Lenovo mobile product manager Chen Jin. Share the photo on Weibo, a popular social media site in China. But the attached image explains everything in a clear way. The new release will take place on August 11. So far, it is unclear why the launch of the Moto Razr 2022 and Moto X30 Pro has been postponed, and no explanation is expected anytime soon. From Nancy's visit Pelosi The Speaker of the U.S. House of RepresentativesSPONSORED for the Moto Razr 2022 and Moto X30 Pro smartphones has the opportunity to launch in China as the world's first. When the launch event is over. Consumers should be able to buy or book in advance. Subsequently, Motorola will continue to expand to major markets in the United States.
Twitter brushes off news tricking Elon Musk into filing for acquisition|Twitter rejected Elon Musk's request after the world's richest man was arrested. He claimed that he was tricked into signing up for the acquisition of Twitter, which Twitter reiterated was not true. Elon Musk's allegations were denied in Delaware state court last week. After that, the details were revealed. The details of Elon Musk's petition stated that Twitter had deceived him into a fake account on the platform and that the method was considered fraudulent. Surrounded by Wall Street bankers and lawyers, is it possible to be tricked into signing the acquisition? It noted that Elon Musk was trying to withdraw from the deal as shares of tech companies were in a slump. Elon Musk agreed to acquire Twitter in mid-April. Twitter shares fell to $32.65 per share in July, for the current price of $42.52 per share in a lawsuit between Twitter and Elon Musk. There is a need to rush into the trialSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
OPPO and OnePlus are banned in Germany. The latter lost Nokia 5G patent case.|Oppo and OnePlus must stop selling smartphones in Germany. There was later a dispute over Nokia's 5G patent and may face the same issue for release in other European countries Oppo and OnePlus. Two well-known smartphone brands from China, which have a broad customer base. It is necessary to withdraw from the sale of smartphones under the OPPO and OnePlus brands. In Germany in July. Lawsuit between Oppo and Nokia The Court of First Instance ruled that OPPO and OnePlus used 5G technology in their smartphone devices without paying Nokia a reasonable patent fee. It's not. Nokia is considered to be an expert in 5G wireless networks and plays a very important role in the installation of 5G networks in Europe after the court's decision. All that appears on the website is information that OPPO has partnered globally with the UEFA Champions League, as well as information about OPPO and its ColorOS12SPONSORED interface. On oneplus's online store, there are still oneplus smartphones available, but when you enter the Buy Now page, you will find Error 404. Other European countries are still under question marks, because if European countries make decisions based on the same situation as what happened in Germany, they will be forced to leave. As a result, Oppo and OnePlus will no longer be available in Europe. However, Oppo can appeal the case in the future, including Oppo's application to open a negotiating table with Nokia on patents so that the sale of smartphones in the OPPO and OnePlus brands can continue in Germany and Europe Source: 9to5Google
Apple increases iPhone 14 export target to 95 million units by 2022, starting production this month|Apple to increase its export target for its flagship iPhone 14 smartphone this year to 95 million units. Consumer confidence has also given positive feedback, especially in the iPhone 14 Pro Max model, Taiwan's report. The Economic Times revealed that Apple has informed suppliers generally about its 2022 iPhone 14 export target of 95 million units, more than the previous target of 90 million units. Apple's announcement of a 5 percent increase in exports is a sign that Apple believes the iPhone 14 has a better chance of selling than expected, especially compared to the iPhone 13. Apple expects the iPhone 14 Pro Max to be the best-selling model of the series in the moving segment of the iPhone 14 production line, expected to start sometime this August, as suppliers have already increased parts shipments to manufacturers over the past several weeks. iPhone 12 mini and iPhone 13 mini sales failed to meet the target for iPhone 14 specifications that are expected to be upgraded from the iPhone 13, including the Apple A16 Bionic chipset, followed by a 48-megapixel camera lens and the removal of notches from the screen.
Xiaomi launches Redmi 10 5G mobile for beginners for 5,999 baht|Siao Mi Thailand Redmi 10 5G, a smartphone that focuses on entry-level users but supports 5G wireless connectivity, is available in 2 models at a price of 5,999 baht and 7,299 baht. Redmi launched the latest smartphone in the entry level of the Redmi 10 5G, a smartphone priced under 10 thousand baht that supports 5G wireless connectivity. The Redmi 10 5G uses MediaTek Dimensity 700's processor, running under the Android 11 operating system, covered by the MIUI 13 interface in design. Redmi 10 5G also has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack that supports 5G Dual Sim, and overall the weight of the unit is 200 gramsSPONSORED, the screen of the Redmi 10 5G is 6.58 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2408 pixels. It has a feature called AdaptiveSync to optimize the refresh rate for use, such as a 90Hz refresh rate for gaming, 60Hz. While watching streaming, 50Hz When reading books, etc. In addition, Reading mode 3.0 reduces blue light and preserves the eyes of the body that is distorted into a dual camera, divided into the main camera, which is a 50-megapixel f/1.8 wide camera, followed by a 2-megapixel f/2.4 depth camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The Redmi 10 5G is available in two models: the 4GB+64GB model for 5,999 baht and the 6GB+128GB model priced at 7,299 baht, available in three colors: Graphite Gray, Chrome Silver and Aurora GreenSPONSORED.
Apple opted to host iPhone 14 launch event online. This is expected due to concerns over COVID-19.|Apple is not ready to host a new product launch event offline by launching. The iPhone 14 expects Apple to opt for the event in the same online format as Mark German of Bloomberg. Apple said the launch of the iPhone 14, which takes place in September, continues to be held primarily online. By this time, Apple had already begun filming videos presenting each product. That means launching a new product this time round. One-on-one gatherings may be something Apple isn't ready for German yet. Apple's events are likely to continue in September, according to tradition, with anyone who follows Apple's new products likely to see the launch in the first half of September. There has been some debate about whether Apple's event should be resumed offline. But at the same time. Online events also have the advantage that Apple can easily schedule events. Also, the duration of the event is concise and not protracted for the launch of new Apple products. According to German's assessment, there will be a total of 4 iPhone models, the Apple Watch. There will also be a chance to see Apple host an additional event in October, launching the iPad and MacSPONSORED products.
Xiaomi sends invitation card to launch Mix Fold 2 on August 11, intensifying the market for folding mobile phones|Siao Mi Add to the heat in the foldable smartphone market with the launch event of Xiaomi Mix Fold 2 just one day after galaxy z fold 4 and galaxy z flip 4. Announcing the launch event of the Mix Fold 2 foldable mobile phone tomorrow (August 11) in China, the launch event of Mix Fold 2 Siao Mi announced this via Weibo. It is implied that the new mobile phone has a folding screen appearance, but does not go into detail about the specifications and the interesting design of the launch of the new smartphone. Because in the promotional image on Weibo, it is clear that there is a Leica logo, a German company that specializes heavily in cameras and lenses, the launch of foldable phones is becoming more and more visible, because if you don't count the market leaders like Samsung, which has Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4 as protagonists, then there are leading brands like Motorola in the Moto Razr 2022, as well as OPPO and Huawei, among others.
Samsung Delivers Galaxy Z Flip 4 Foldable Smartphone More emphasis on fashion|After a spectacular success in this year's Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3. Samsung continues to operate in its original form, with the Galaxy Z Flip 4 delivered, which is more fashion-oriented. The launch of Samsung's foldable smartphone from Galaxy Unpacked 2022 has begun, with Samsung starting with the launch of the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4, a beautifully successful folding smartphone from its predecessor. Last year, the design of the Galaxy Z Flip 4 remained a common cover, with the design still similar to its predecessor. The 1.9-inch outer screen serves primarily to alert, customize widgets, and provide a quick selfie channel, while focusing on a feature called Portrait shots to bring images taken from this feature to Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp. Galaxy Z Flip 4's inner screen has a 6.7-inch screen with 120Hz refresh rate, battery life increased to 3,700 mAh. Galaxy Z Flip 3 is available for 35,900 THB (128 GB model) and 38,900 (256 GB model) and is available from 2 September 2022 onwards in 4 colors: Bora Purple, Graphite Black, Pink Gold and SPONSORED Blue.
Samsung unveils Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro, premium round dial watches |Samsung Samsung unveiled a new smart watch in the Wear OS operating system as Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro in a premium look and packed with health sensors. Samsung continues to use the same foundations from the Galaxy Watch 4 to offer the Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro as its flagship smart watch. Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro are powered by the Exynos W920 chipset, with a battery size of 590 mAh in the Pro and 410 mAh models. WITH A CHOICE OF 40MM AND 44MM DIALS, SAMSUNG'S DESIGN HAS ENHANCED ITS PREMIUM AND STRENGTH BY INTRODUCING SAPPHIRE GLASS. For sale on August 26, prices start at US$280. On Bluetooth version, USD 330 (approx. THB 12,000) The LTE model, followed by the Pro version, costs US$450 (about 16,000 baht). There is also a Golf Edition model for US$500 (about 18,000 THB).
Samsung officially launches Galaxy Z Fold 4 It has a 50-megapixel main camera. Multitasking support|Samsung's flagship Galaxy Z Fold 4 has taken photography to the next level, with a slightly new design that emphasizes durability, as well as multitasking. The specifications and capabilities are therefore packed into this smartphone the most. Start by using aluminum frames that are resistant to drops and scratches. The outer display and rear panel use the Gorilla Glas Victus+Galaxy Z Fold 4's screen size, while the outer panel is 6.2 inches with a resolution of 904 x 2316 pixels. The 7.6-inch display with a resolution of 1812 x 2176 pixels is foldable dynamic AMOLED 2X supports a 120Hz refresh rate. Samsung has added a capability called the Flex Mode Touchpad, which works similarly to a trackpad. Swipe gestures turn full-screen applications into pop-up windows, or split your screen in half to use multitask. The Qaulcomm Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipset should also help reduce battery consumption. The main camera has a resolution of 50 megapixels. It has a 10-megapixel tele camera. 12MP Ultra Wide Camera Samsung's 4-megapixel front-facing camera and 10-megapixel front cover camera, samsung's pricing of the overseas Galaxy Z Fold 4 model also sold at the original price of $1,799. The 59,900 in the 256 GB and 65,900 in the 512 GB model will be available from September 2, 2022 onwards, available in three colors: Graygreen, Beige and Phantom Black.
Samsung delivers Galaxy Buds2 Pro, the highest level of headphones, focusing on the music experience.|In addition to the launch of new smartphones. Samsung has delivered its own highest-end headphones called the Galaxy Buds2 Pro, with a compact design and an emphasis on the Galaxy Buds2 Pro music experience. Galaxy Buds2 Pro is designed for use in exercise, and if you want to be quiet, the headphones have an ANC for canceling out external noise.
"Seth Phong" Leo satellites are trending, low cost, new communication system alternatives.|"Seth Phong" Pointing out leo satellites, alternative communication systems Low cost-but less lifespan than GEO beware of space overflow debris on Aug. 11, 2022 Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Deputy Commissioner communication According to DES, satellite technology is traditionally in GEO orbit, orbiting at a distance of about 36,500 kilometers above earth, which geostationary (GEO) satellites have been using for decades. But technological evolutions and innovations such as LEO satellites have many advantages. Therefore, leo satellites are increasingly being used in various industries and used for a variety of purposes, but LEO satellites orbiting between 500-2,000 kilometers from earth have limited coverage horizons. Therefore, a large number of LEO satellites are needed to be able to completely cover the earth's surface. "The equipment of leo satellites is now much smaller than before. A new concept was developed and aimed at size, capabilities and cost, a small satellite called CubeSat was developed that enabled the satellite and space industry. It has evolved and grown significantly over the past two decades. As a result, the demand for LEO satellites has increased, making LEO satellites suitable for use in various industries such as internet service. It is used as a communication device in telecommunications systems, such as iridium telephone systems that use LEO satellites to monitor and observe the Earth. This makes it possible to see the earth's surface more clearly. Used in logistics and transportation industries. In division, find the geographical location. Sponsored Col. Sethapong said that LEO satellites must communicate with ground stations in the most efficient way in order to make LEO satellites available in a variety of applications, but most of them are intended for mobile communication. From coverage from communication signals from ground infrastructure such as communications in oil and natural gas drilling sites. Therefore, LEO satellite services are used for exploration. Connecting to the Internet Voice communication and even tracking and monitoring hardware and devices. In addition, when natural disasters occur, such as earthquakes, floods, and storms, this can damage the communication infrastructure. Therefore, satellite communication services are used to coordinate emergency assistance via satellite, which may be the only service that can be used or even used in recreational purposes, for example, for those who like to sail, drive a car or walk to remote destinations if an unexpected event occurs. But on the other hand, LEO satellites have disadvantages due to the ease of launch and the growing popularity of these satellites, which causes the problem of space debris to increase, which is why space agencies often need to use multiple layers of protective shields to protect against space debris. In addition, conventional LEO satellites tend to have a much lower service life than GEO satellites," Sethapong said.
Ming-Chi Kuo predicts the iPhone 14 may cost more than the iPhone 13.|Ming-Chi Kuo assesses the situation regarding the iPhone 14, believing that the selling price of the iPhone 14 is likely to be higher than the iPhone 13. Ming-Chi Kuo believes that the more expensive model of the iPhone 14 is likely to be in the iPhone 14 Pro segment, which could cost around $1,000 to $1,050. THE REASON FOR THE INCREASE IN PRICES IS EXPECTED TO BE DUE TO THE INCREASE IN SHIPPING COSTS. David Is, an analyst at Wedbush Securities, told The Sun that the price of the iPhone 14 is about $100 more expensive than the iPhone 13, which is why it is so expensive due to supply chain problems for the specifications of the iPhone 14. With AF front camera Also on the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max models, the notch was cut and replaced with a capsule-shaped front camera. Use the A16 chip and add always-on display feature Source: The Verge
Xiaomi sends CyberOne, a new generation of humanoid robots Developed to befriend humans|Siao Mi Launched an innovation that has been heavily invested in R&D as a humanoid robot called CyberOne. In the Xioami Mix Fold 2 foldable smartphone segment in China, the launch of the new smartphone Siaomi has used the same stage to launch CyberOne, a humanoid robot. Quite a few electronics manufacturers are starting to pay more attention to humanoid development. The development of the CyberOne robot also reflects the brand's ambitions. Jun, CEO and co-founder of Siaomi, said CyberOne is an innovation that Siaomi has developed entirely on its own. Under xiaomi robotics lab, Siao Mi has invested heavily in research and development to software, hardware and algorithm development. Because robots can detect human feelings. Whether it's a happy time. At the same time, ready to comfort human beings when suffering. In addition, Siao Mi has developed an algorithm with a module called Mi-Sense to recognize people, gestures and expressions. It will take many years for the development to be completed: TechCrunch
Research reveals Gen Z teens are starting to step back from Facebook, but Instagram is still popular.|Gen Z is increasingly accessing the internet. But this group of teenagers is likely to stop using Facebook because they haven't found value on the platform, but there's still some good news. As Instagram continues to dominate adolescents, the Pew Research Center has released an interesting study on the social media habits of adolescents, particularly in Gen Z. Only 32 percent of teens aged 13-17 use Facebook, in contrast to the figures collected in 2014-15. Teenage consumers also have more options to use media platforms than ever before. As a result, Facebook is no longer the first and only choice for users. Although Facebook is not the number one platform in the minds of Jade Z people, Instagram, which is managed by Meta, the same company as Facebook, has become a very popular platform for teenagers. The number of teens using Instagram is now 62 percent, up from a 2014-15 survey, when only 52 percent of teens were active. With 95 percent of the numbers, it's just YouTube. It is not a platform that is directly related to the creation of interactions much. Because YouTube is ultimately used in a way that is used for watching videos, including listening to music through YouTube Music, TikTok has a higher usage number than both Facebook and Instagram, which should be enough to make it clear why Meta wants to create its own ecosystem similar to TikTok, as evidenced by the efforts to push the Reels feature to appear on both Instagram and Facebook. That's an addiction to social media, as well as being too attached to a smartphone. 45 percent of respondents said they had no problem with social media. While 36 percent admit to using social media too much and 8 percent who say they use too little social media, Source: TechCrunch
Twitter releases new feature report First half of 2022|Twitter released a report on new features emerging on the platform throughout the first half of 2022 to enhance the Twitter experience. Whether it's about music. Twitter's continued commitment to improving its Twitter experience, particularly with new feature updates, which emerged rapidly throughout the first half of the year. - Spaces hosts can record spaces and listen to spaces backwards without limits, even if the spaces are over and cut the audio clip - anyone can cut a 30-second clip from spaces conversations to make it a key piece to engage listeners and then sponsored easier to use. - Tweet text cards to inform you of organized spaces, search for spaces by topic of interest, search for spaces from spaces bar and analyse numbers after each spaces, secure use on Twitter, labeling bots. - Twitter has launched a new method for automated accounts (bots). To verify the identity of "good bots" by adding private conversation labels in Direct Messages (DM) - Twitter users have recently been able to pin the DM above the text box, and Twitter has added search capabilities, which were previously only searchable by account name. Nowadays, you can search both by typing the word you want to search for and the account name of the labeling account that contains sensitive content. - Anyone can add a one-time notification for tweets containing images or video clips that may contain sensitive content. It is now available worldwide from twitter.com and Android, but the iOS system is still in the testing phase. A new feature where users can control their Twitter experience by leaving tweets. Threads or conversations are features that allow you to leave the conversation quietly, making Twitter more accessible. To help people with visual impairments understand the content of the tweet. Available worldwide on iOS, Android, and twitter.com Closed Caption (CC) buttons - Buttons that can choose to power captions in videos are now available worldwide on iOS, Android, and twitter.com
Samsung assures foldable mobiles to be the new standard by 2025|The success of Galaxy Z Flip 3 and Galaxy Z Fold 3 has resulted in Samsung releasing sequels like Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4 with confidence. The Korea Herald reports that TM Roh, chief executive in Samsung's smartphone business "By 2025, foldable smartphones will account for 50 percent of all shipments of Samsung's premium smartphones," TM said at a news conference in New York this week. Samsung has become a leader in the foldable smartphone business, with sales of Galaxy Z Flip 3 and Galaxy Z Fold 3 selling a combined 7.1 million units. The resulting sales are mainly galaxy Z Flip 3 sales. While the overall sales of the entire world of foldable phones are estimated at 9 million units, of course, so far the figure of 7.1 million units is considered a small sales figure. This is especially true when compared to Samsung's smartphone shipments throughout 2021, which totaled 271.5 million units. Most of them are primarily mid-range smartphones, and the low-cost smartphones, while the Galaxy S21, released last year, has done well. Galaxy S22 Ultra has shipped around 20-25 million units, and recently it was reported that the Galaxy S22 Ultra has shipped 11 million units. As a result, about 30 percent of samsung's premium smartphones have been shipped, so the 50 percent figure that Samsung has set is unlikely to happen. Research Company Counterpoint Research A new report suggests that the Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Z Flip 4 should remain in good momentum from the release of their predecessors last year, and the two new models should easily achieve a combined sales of 9 million units, giving Samsung an 80 percent market share in this segment.
Facebook Gaming and Twitch saw a drop in gaming streaming viewership. People later returned to their normal lives.|The number of streaming viewers of the game, which used to be one of the key content during the COVID-19 pandemic. For the past two years, The number of platforms tweeting, YouTube, gaming and Facebook has continued to decline. Gaming Metro News Agency Interesting research on the gaming streaming industry on streamlabs and Stream Hatchet platforms, with popular platforms such as Tweet, YouTube, Gaming and Facebook. From the beginning of the year to the end of March 2022, streaming views were estimated at 8.6 billion hours, but from April to June 2022, streaming views fell by 8.4 percent to 7.36 billion hours. Host streaming volumes are also declining. In the past, streamers broadcast around 220 million hours of gaming content across all platforms, compared to the first quarter of this year, 30 million hours less than last year and 53 million hours less than last year. According to the data released, Tweet is the number one in the gaming streaming industry. The number of views dropped to 5.64 billion hours. It used to have 6.13 billion hours of viewership. However, in the list of tweets. Part of the reason for the decrease in viewership is because of the ad system, which annoys viewers, resulting in the search term "How to block tweet ads". On Google SearchSPONSORED, Facebook Gaming is the most affected platform because, on the one hand, Facebook Gaming is the least popular gaming streaming platform. With fewer and fewer views, down 28 percent since last quarter and down 51 percent from a year earlier, YouTube Gaming is the only platform that has maintained a strong audience. It has managed to maintain an audience of about 1.13 billion hours from the beginning of the year to the last quarter. However, this figure is 13.1 percent less than the previous year's overall figure, a major reason for the continued decline in gaming streaming views. The reason is that lockdown restrictions have been loosened. Moreover, more and more people are starting to come out and go about their daily lives as they were before the COVID-19 pandemic. So what we see now should be called a return to normal.
Apple notifies employees to return to the office three days a week. Starting next month|Apple internal documents report that Tim Cook has informed all employees to return to the office for three days a week on a note to all employees. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook has issued a three-day return to the office for all employees, defined as Tuesdays and Thursdays. Depending on the agreement of each team, Apple's return to the office begins next month, with efforts to restore its traditional work. This includes interpersonal collaboration in work. However, Apple still has the flexibility to allow employees to remain working from home. Along with working at the office at Apple Park in the past. Apple has attempted to cancel remote work, but it has been postponed due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, while Twitter and Facebook have continued their work-from-home policies. Elon Musk has made it clear that if he wants to work remotely, he should quit Tesla and work elsewhere for next month. Apple has a big job: launching new products in both the iPhone 14 and Apple Watch Series 8SPONSORED.
Oracle began investigating TikTok's algorithm to restrict Chinese government access.|Oracle Start checking tick-to-a's algorithm. Usage data has moved to Oracle's cloud to drown out the flow and restrict the reach of TikTok engineers in China dating back to June. TikTok said they had migrated user data in the United States. Go to Oracle's cloud service, called Project Taxas. Oracle's migration to the cloud led to an agreement where Oracle was able to monitor TikTok's internal systems. It is not controlled by the Chinese government at the same time. Oracle's review also includes checking algorithms to see what tick-tock's backyard work is like. In addition, TikTok will continue to intensify content stewardship within the platform on a regular basis. TikTok's content stewardship policy has been talked about a lot, as was the case in 2019, at which time it was reported that TikTok employees in the United States were instructed by their Beijing headquarters to restrict access to certain videos that were particularly sensitive to the Chinese government. TikTok continues to confirm that the parent company in China TikTok's move of all traffic in the United States occurred due to a report by Buzzfeed news agency. According to the company, the employee is an engineer at TikTok, which is based in China. Access to U.S. user data AS A RESULT, TIK-TOK DECIDED TO MOVE ALL TRAFFIC TO ORACLE, DESIGNED TO PREVENT TIK-TOK'S USER DATA IN THE U.S. FROM BEING MONITORED BY ANY AGENCY OF THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT. Apparently, Oracle. It is acting as a tick-to-k to prevent data from U.S. users. Leaked into the hands of the Chinese government. In addition, Oracle and TikTok are not very far-fetched people, as during the time of Donald Trump, the former President of the United States, there was an attempt to force TikTok to sell the business. Oracle founder and friend of former President Trump filed for acquisition. When there is a change of political leadership, source: Axios
OPPO plans to launch foldable mobile phones to global market Scramble for Samsung share|OPPO is ready to deliver the new OPPO Find N to international markets. It was later released earlier in China. Hoping to compete for some share of the foldable mobile market from Samsung, the launch of the Galaxy Z Flip 4 and Galaxy Z Fold 4 has resulted in some competition in the foldable smartphone market. This is especially true for smartphone manufacturers from China. Smartphone manufacturers in the territory behind the Great Wall of China have launched foldable phones. Recently, OPPO has become a brand that is already in demand for foldable smartphones to the international market. The new OPPO Find N will be sent to the market, according to Pricebaba, and 9to5Google reports. It is working to launch oppo Find N overseas, divided into two models like Samsung, called OPPO Find N Fold and OPPO Find N Flip. Pricebaba claims that both of OPPO's devices are registered with the European Intellectual Property Agency (EUIPO), but it is unclear when they will be ready for release and release: 9to5Google, PricebabaSPONSORED
Apple is set to host the iPhone 14 launch event on September 7, a week earlier than originally scheduled.|Apple postponed plans to launch the iPhone 14 a week earlier than usual to Sept. 7 before starting deliveries on Sept. 16, Bloomberg news agency Mark German reported. But if Apple's launch coincides with German's report, it's possible that Apple may want to increase iPhone 14 sales in line with its previously reported export target of 95 million units. By 2022, read more: Apple Increase iPhone 14 export target to 95 million units by 2022, start production this month Kerman The report goes on to say that Apple employees were asked to prepare for the launch of a new product on September 16, so the launch and release timelines are quite consistent. At the same time, German reported that Apple is still hosting the event online, with taped recordings. Apple will unveil the Apple Watch Series 8 with the opportunity to see the ultra-durable Apple Watch in the high-end segment, followed by the low-cost Apple Watch SE SPONSORED. Apple A16 Bionic, on the Apple side, does not respond or deny Bloomberg's reporting Source: Bloomberg
Nokia confirms OPPO can continue selling smartphones in Germany If you're willing to pay for a patent|Nokia Oppo continues to sell smartphones in Germany. If negotiations are held to pay for 4G patents, everything is in Oppo's own hands in early August. It was reported that the Court of First Instance in Germany Oppo and OnePlus have banned smartphone sales in Germany because both brands violated Nokia's 4G patent agreement. As a result, at this time. Consumers cannot buy smartphones from OPPO and OnePlus online storefronts in Germany, according to the data. Can't agree with Nokia In terms of patents, OPPO considers that the fee for renewing the license with Nokia is too high. However, OPPO still wants to market in Germany and Europe because it is a market where OPPO has received a fairly good response. About 200 million smartphones are shipped annually, of which 2 million are shipped to Germany, according to WinFuture. However, the agreement on the issue of licenses. The parent company of OPPO and OnePlus, BBK, has to enter into an agreement with Nokia that will apply globally. If OnePlus and Oppo were to pay 2.5 per device, that would mean BBK would have to raise the price of smartphones sold around the world in order to make revenue per smartphone unit worth the cost, especially in nokia's perspective patent section. "The easiest way for BBK to resume selling smartphones under the Oppo and OnePlus brands is to renew the patent license. Oppo and OnePlus can be prosecuted in other European countries, including France, the United Kingdom, Sweden, the Netherlands, Finland and Spain. There is no opportunity to immediately go on sale in such countries, only it is not enough. Nokia The same case can also be prosecuted in India. That approach is quite a squeeze on Oppo. OnePlus, Oppo and Realme all have major markets in India.
Netflix Ad-packed package cuts movie-series download feature for offline viewing|Data from the Netflix application on iPhone clearly indicates Netflix. Cut the download feature for movies and series offline For members who subscribe to the low-cost package, a new movement has emerged on Netflix. After all, the world's largest streaming provider. Netflix confirmed that it will release a low-cost package, but there are ads interstitial during viewing early next year. Interestingly, Netflix has eliminated the feature of downloading series and movies offline, according to Steve Moser, who later shared the findings with Bloomberg News. Moser That revealed. According to the iOS app, a message says that users can download all packages except Netflix with ads. In addition, ads that occur on the platform cannot be skipped when decrypting such messages, which means that Netflix packages containing ads will not be able to download content to view offline. Eliminate offline downloads from low-cost packages because Netflix members are considering and differentiating which packages to subscribe to. If you subscribe to a low-cost package, you won't be able to watch offline. But if you want to watch content as usual. You have to pay a higher price. SPECIFICALLY, A PASSWORD SHARING NETFLIX ACCOUNTSPONSORED OF COURSE HAS NOT BEEN VERIFIED BY NETFLIX. Therefore, such plans may always have the opportunity to change as appropriate, competition in the streaming market can be considered more intense and intense. This is especially true when the streaming market is dominated by heavy-bag competitors like Amazon and Disney, vying for a share of Netflix's customer base for the development of its advertising system. Has announced a commercial partnership with Microsoft. The latter is responsible for developing technology and sales systems with advertising customization systems to suit each user.
Facebook's top 10 app locations are shaking up after the arrival of BeReal and TikTok.|Facebook may be in a time of adversity once again. According to the iPhone App Store, Facebook is struggling to maintain its top 10 app store rankings in the U.S. as young users begin to turn to new social media platforms. It's trending, the kind that holds it back from the B-Ariel application. Facebook fell to the top 10 most popular apps on iPhone just 7 times, but in 2022, Facebook jumped and fell from 97 popular falls. It's essential to compare it to the U.S. user segment, as it's a very large market and a market that generates a lot of revenue for developers at the same time. It's not just the iPhone App Store data that talks about Facebook's difficult situation. According to a numerical analysis by Sensor Tower, which provided the data to Tech Crunch News Agency. However, in the first half of 2022, Facebook dropped out of this group 59 times. On the other hand, it is undeniable that Facebook remains influential. Many other users continue to use Facebook regularly. If you look at the 1.97 billion daily active accounts, the real problem with Facebook is that they are still failing to inspire the next generation to use Facebook. In particular, figures from the Pew Research Center showed that only 32 percent of teens aged 13-17 use Facebook, contrary to the figures collected in 2014-15.
OPPO launches ColorOS 13 on Android 13, announces 35 models that have gone further|Oppo has announced the launch of ColorOS 13 to users around the world as an interface compatible with Android 13. A new version of the interface is required. More comfortable to use Coupled with new features that match everyday life, OPPO's ColorOS 13 uses natural waters to develop a design language called Aquamorphic Design. "This is an interface that users can use smoothly, vibrantly. It also comes with a theme palette inspired by the changing light between sunrise and sunset at sea level at the same time. Oppo ColorOS 13 provides a dynamic computing engine solution to keep internal systems smooth and stable. Get more behind the scenes apps Switch apps back and forth without jerking, including helping to extend battery life for a long timeSPONSOREDColorOS 13 Smart Always-On Display supports displaying information about music and food delivery, and smartAlways-On Display uses a refresh rate of 1Hz to save battery life from Oppo's revelations. According to the development, ColorOS 13 Oppo has worked closely with Google to ensure the perfect compatibility between ColorOS 13 and Android 13. Oppo's smartphone will receive around 35 updates, with the official ColorOS 13 launch plan starting with the first OPPO Find X5 Pro 5G and OPPO Find X5.
Mark Zuckerberg admits avatars from Horizon Worlds are too ordinary. The latter was teased as amusing by netizens.|Earlier this week, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, posted a photo from horizon worlds platform, but soon got bombarded by netizens for his poor graphics work, which turned into an amusing meme. latest Zuckerberg is moving. On August 16, Mark Zuckerberg posted a post mentioning the expansion of the Horizon Worlds platform to users in France and Spain. Familia Architecture of Barcelona, Catalonia After several days of silence, Mark Zuckerberg made a series of comments, particularly talking about Horizon Worlds' incredibly low-quality, dimensionless images. Familia It's pretty basic, but still trust that the graphics in Horizon are also better than this SPONSORED in one state. Mark Zuckerberg attached a graphic of Mark's face. Zuckerberg himself in a better version, and a graphic image of the ruins, as an excuse from the previous state Source: Mark Zuckerberg [1], [2]
Apple releases update to iPhone, iPad, Mac users after discovering vulnerability that hackers have taken control of devices|Apple released an update on its iPhone, iPad and Mac devices after reports that hackers had exploited vulnerabilities that could take control of Apple devices. The iOS operating system has released an update to iOS 15.6.1 to fix the vulnerability, The Associated Press reported. Guardian It revealed that it had found a vulnerability that hackers could exploit users of Apple devices. Users of Apple devices such as iPhone, iPad, and Mac should now update the new os version to close security vulnerabilities. The report also states that vulnerabilities have affected kernels, the deepest part of the operating system, including WebKit, the basic technology of safari web browsers. Apple acknowledged the problem and immediately released an operating system update to fix it. Therefore, users of iPhone models released in 2015 onwards, iPads from 2014 models and Mac computers, running under macOS Monterey operating system, start the update by going to Settings > General > Software Update SPONSORED on Rachel Tobac's side. The CEO of SocialProof Security says that the people who should pay special attention to this software update are people who are in the public spotlight, such as political activists and journalists.
Apple employees file a petition opposing Tim Cook's office work policy.|A group of Apple employees filed a petition opposing Tim's plans to return to the office. Last week, a group of Apple employees, who call themselves Apple Together, filed a letter opposing plans to return to the office. The announcement was made last week by Tim Cook. Apple Together intends to collect apple employee signatures later this week. Before reviewing all the documents to submit to Tim Cook, the Apple CEO reconsidered at the same time. A group of employees who call themselves Apple Together suggested that Apple should be more flexible to promote diversity in the company, which would encourage productivity and make the company a success last week in a note to all employees. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook has issued a three-day return to the office for all employees, designated Tuesdays and Thursdays. The policy began on September 5th.SPONSORED The idea of returning employees to Apple Park headquarters by Tim Cook came from the company's desire to maintain a one-on-one approach. Apple believes it is the right approach for the company, while leading tech companies such as Twitter and Facebook continue to have permanent work-from-home policies, and there is no idea of changing this policy from the above. Apple has not commented on the news.
Apple plans to produce iPhone 14 in India 2 months after launch|Apple unveils new plan to produce iPhone 14 in India About 2 months after its official release, it reduced its dependence on factories in China to just a few weeks. Apple's flagship smartphone iPhone 14 of 2022 will also be officially unveiled. The interesting thing about the launch of the iPhone 14, in addition to being a new product. In terms of production, it is equally interesting. That's because of bloomberg news agency's latest report. Apple is already using a factory in India to produce devices for Apple, including the iPhone 13, which was released last year. It's just that Apple often uses factories in India to produce major equipment. About 6-9 months after the official release of that model, the production of the iPhone 14 this time, Bloomberg. The company said it will produce the iPhone 14 just two months after its release, although it has switched to a factory in India, but the supply chain, which is managed by Foxconn, will still have to be shipped directly from China to India. As everyone knows, the supply chain of electronics manufacturing is mainly in China, which is why Apple chose to use its factory in India to produce iPhone 14 faster than usual. Of course, Apple doesn't want that to happen. There are also political reasons, with the U.S. government in Washington and Beijing sponsored, not only the iPhone 14 starting to expand to India. But the production of popular tablets like the iPad will also head to Bharata. Apple has several manufacturing plants that are gradually increasing their production capacity, such as in Vietnam and neighboring Mexico, however, Apple has not responded to any comments on Bloomberg's report.
Nothing Phone (1) There are no plans to update the Android 13 operating system until next year.|at the moment Smartphone manufacturers have begun announcing an update timeline to Android 13, but that timeline doesn't include a list of hype smartphones like Nothing Phone (1), which will have to wait until next year. It's one of the most talked about smartphones, all of which is probably because Nothing Phone (1) is a big-headed smartphone brand like Carl. Carl Pei, the former co-founder of OnePlus, is also a smartphone with an attractive and unusual design compared to its competitors, only Nothing Phone (1), which has been trending since the beginning of the year, before it was officially released last month. There wasn't much clarity on operating system updates from Android 12 to Android 13, when asked about this to Carl Pei, the company's founder, received a reply: "This product is a product that has more than just specs, features and version numbers," which is an unclear answer. That's because updating the new os version is something smartphone manufacturers should even take into account first. The Android Authority website has received confirmation from Nothing that the Android 13 operating system should be available for users of Nothing Phone (1) in the first half of 2023. Developers need time for software customization. Nothing OS is only slightly different from the Android operating system provided by Google's team for Nothing Phone (1) has come out to guarantee that users will receive 3 new versions of the Android operating system and have security patches every 2 months over the past 4 years: Android Authority, 9to5Google.
Nokia dusts off '90s mobiles, delivers retro feature phones Capture the market among the elderly and classic mobile lovers.|HMD Thailand Launched three retro feature phones, Nokia 8210 4G, Nokia 5710 XpressAudio and Nokia 2660 Flip, focusing on elderly customers as well as users looking for classic mobile phones. The global mobile feature phone market continues to be in demand, he said. Even after more than three decades, feature phones are still in demand across the ages. It is estimated that the market will demand 157 million units over the next 3 years, which is why Nokia is turning to remake feature phones once again and adding modern applications that meet the needs of more users, but still remain unique in design, durability and long-lasting battery life. Product Manager, HMD Global, added that the Nokia 8210 4G, Nokia 5710 XpressAudio and Nokia 2660 Flip are all being released to dust off the '90s trend through a marketing strategy aimed at targeting elderly users, followed by classic users to those looking for a feature phone to replace the SPONSOREDNokia 8210 4G landline. Released in 1999, it features a 2.8-inch QVGA display, an internal qVGA video quality camera powered by the UniSoc T107 chipset and 48MB+128MB internal memory, supports MicroSD Card up to 32GBNokia 8210, 4G runs under the S30+ operating system, supports 4G LTE and Bluetooth 5.0 networks. Nokia Available in two colors: dark blue and red, the Nokia 5710 XpressAudio comes with TWS headphones attached to the unit, along with a back cover that slides up and down. Nokia Xpress Earbuds can be connected via Bluetooth 5.0 or can be used on smartphones and other devices. It has a 2.4-inch screen (QVGA) and a 0.3MP rear camera, qVGA video quality inside is powered by the Unisoc T107 chipset, has 128MB internal memory, which can fit a MicroSD card for up to 32GB, the battery comes in 1,450 mAh, the main screen is 2.8 inches QVGA, the body is available in one color, red, for 2,690 baht, the last model is the Nokia 2660 Flip, the feature phone is folded, the main screen size is 2.8 inches QVGA with a 1.77-inch folding screen with a 0.3MP rear camera, qVGA video quality, battery endurance, 1450mAh battery strength, energy-saving, support for MicroSD 32GBED. The Nokia 8210 4G, Nokia 5710 XpressAudio and Nokia 2660 Flip will be available on September 1st.
A former Twitter security executive pointed out the company was a scam in the bot account issue.|Peter Satko He is a network security expert and previously worked as an executive for Twitter. Point out his former company scam about bot accounts. and personal information security issues Peter Satco, who previously worked as Twitter's network security executive. Twitter has been negligent in its network security practices, he said. It is also not possible to accurately estimate the number of bot accounts within its platform, according to Satco. Satco filed a complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission alleging that Twitter deceived shareholders, including violating an agreement with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), along with 200 pages of documents. Twitter confirms that too many employees have access to critical systems including phone numbers and other sensitive information. This issue is considered very dangerous, the next issue is about bot accounts. Twitter said they only have 5 percent of bot accounts, but Satco stressed that twitter's way of measuring numbers is misleading. Executives will even receive a special bonus. If you can increase the number of users. HOWEVER, THERE ARE NO ATTEMPTS TO REDUCE THE NUMBER OF BOT ACCOUNTS OR SPAM SPONSORED ACCOUNTS. Satko said Twitter has become a tool of the government seeking to crack down on political dissenters. Forcing Twitter to hire government officials as part of the company to access twitter's large amount of sensitive information in response to Satco's unfolding. Twitter said Peter Satko was sacked as security chief in January. There is poor performance and inefficiency as a leader. Twitter said that Satco's revelations were meant to attract the attention of outsiders and try to harm Twitter, its customers and its shareholders. It is believed that there will be little impact on the trial between Elon Musk and Twitter, especially on the issue of bot accounts and spam accounts, which is what Musk is most skeptical about. In addition If the allegations are true as Satko revealed. Twitter could face huge fines Source: WSJ
Apple sends new product launch invitations On September 7, it is expected to be an iPhone 14.|Apple invites media to launch new products On September 7, it is expected to be an iPhone 14. Apple announced the launch of the new product on September 7 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time and coincided with midnight in Thailand on September 8. In Cupertino, the iPhonre 14 launch is likely to have the same four models, with the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max eliminated in the notch section, and the Always-on display feature. Apple Watch Series 8 will be launched, and you may see new AirPods to iPad and Mac products, otherwise you'll see a separate event in October. With the launch of the iPhone 14, there is a strong chance that Apple will raise product prices due to supply chain uncertainty and high inflation.
OPPO aims to continue to penetrate the European market despite being banned from selling in Germany|Oppo, a smartphone manufacturer from China It wants Germany to be OPPO's european hub. In fact, OPPO is still banned from selling in Germany, said Billy Zhang, Oppo's vice president of overseas sales and services. Speaking to several media outlets earlier in the week, he discussed Oppo's marketing plan, which has positioned Germany as the brand's main hub for European operations. Oppo, he said. It is committed to long-term work in the European market, and Germany remains the center of the region. In fact, Oppo has also banned the sale of smartphones in Germany. Later Oppo At the same time, OnePlus, a sub-brand under OPPO's supervision, was also banned from selling in Germany due to the above points. It has had a chain effect on the Realme brand, which has a good relationship with OPPO as it used to be one of its subsidiaries. Oppo, OnePlus, Realme and Vivo are smartphone brands currently affiliated with BBK Electronics. Oppo's headquarters are in Dsseldorf. Germany Founded in 2020, OPPO plans to integrate resources from Central and Eastern Europe into Western Europe with the main objective of reducing costs. Source: TechCrunch
Sony announces PlayStation 5 (PS5) price hike in Thailand, Europe, Japan, China and Australia|Sony announces price hike for PlayStation 5 in many countries around the world Due to inflation and the supply chain crisis, Jim Ryan, President and CEO of Sony Interactive. Sony Interactive Entertainment is revealed on Sony's official web blog. "High inflation, which is happening around the world, has affected consumers and put pressure on many industries. "Given the economic conditions, there are such challenges. As a result, Sony had to make a difficult decision to increase the retail price of the PlayStation 5 in some markets of Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada. Sony has updated its prices in Thailand. Let's start with the Blu-ray version. Available for 18,690 THB and digital version at 15,690 THB BAHTSPONSORED, IN ADDITION TO THE INFLATION PROBLEM. Sony has also been affected by the supply chain, preventing ps5 releases from going at full capacity.
Microsoft stabs the garden not to raise prices Xbox Series X and Series S following in the footsteps of PS5.|Less than a day. Sony announced price hikes for PlayStation 5 in several regions around the world, including Thailand. Microsoft confirmed According to Windows Central website, Microsoft has no plans to raise the price of Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S units following in the footsteps of the PlayStation 5. The announcement of not raising the price of Microsoft's Xbox Series S and Series X is a good sign and an attempt not to push the burden on consumers. By choosing to freeze the price as before, even if in reality. Price increases are still likely to occur. If the production costs of Xbox Series X and Series S skyrocket, especially due to inflation if it continues to skyrocket, and energy problems affected by the war between Ukraine and Russia. Currently, the selling prices of Xbox Series S and Series X are USD 299 and USD 499, respectively. As for the opportunity to see Microsoft's console market in Thailand. Still unclear SPONSORED Source: Windows Central
Techsauce Global Summit 2022 aims to enhance the Thai technology industry.|Techsos Techsauce Global Summit 2022 organizers kick off southeast Asia's largest technology conference under the theme of Opportunities Made Possible from August 26-27 at ICONSIAM Ornuch Lertsuwankit. Co-founder and CEO, Techsos Techsauce Media said the event turned ICONSIAM's space into a large-scale technology conference, with the main stage, vertical stage, and workshop sessions. More than 300 industry experts from various industries come to share their knowledge and experiences from real industry insiders. He said that the goal of this event is to enhance the Thai technology industry and return to the event in the form of face-to-face meetings, which will have a positive impact on interaction and create new business opportunities, which is in line with the main theme of this year's event, Opportunities Made Possible. Media added: Techsos. Techsauce Global Summit 2022 will be held from August 26-27, 7th and 8th floors.
OPPO launches the first OPPO Pad Air tablet for 9,999 baht|OPPO sends OPPO Pad Air, the first tablet Market debut in Thailand Multimedia capabilities, eye-care features, and Dolby sound Atmos at a price of 9,999 BAHTOPPO Thailand Oppo Pad Air is designed with a sunset dune-inspired sunset dune on the upper surface of the back cover. The body is designed to be ultra-thin, making the OPPO Pad Air slim at 6.94mm and the body weight at 440g for easy portability. Streamlined OPPO Pad Air It has a screen size of 10.36 inches and supports one billion colors. Resolution 1200 x 2000 pixels It has eye-care features. There are also 4 stereo speakers, a dolby system. Dolby Atmos guarantees audio details, movies, music, meetings and online classes. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 680 4G runs on Android 12, covered by ColorOS 12SPONSORED, and the rear camera has only one body, including an 8-megapixel f/2.0 main camera and a 5-megapixel front camera. f/2.2 Oppo is available for 9,999 baht, available in one color: Fog Gray. In addition to the tablet itself, OPPO also has the latest OPPO Enco Air 2 Pro, wireless headphones. Launched for 2,499 Baht
Compare Netflix vs Disney+ Open Cheap Pay Package View ads|Netflix prepares a package plan The service fee has been reduced by half. Netflix will be charged $7-9 per month or 251-323 baht (exchange rate of 35.9 baht per dollar as of Aug. 26), which is cheaper than the ad-free package and is most popular with subscribers at $15.50 per month, or about half the price. View ads will not be able to download that content for all offline episodes starting in the last quarter of this year. Disney+ ads will be available starting Dec. 8 for Disney+ brands that will run for up to 4 minutes per hour, while those who don't want to watch ads will pay extra to sign up for the Disney Plus Premium package for $10.99 or $394. Despite Disney+ having more subscribers, the loss in the last quarter reached $1.1 billion, while Netflix maintained a profit of $1.4 billion for subscribers in Thailand. Netflix costs 99-419 baht per month, while Disney+ starts at 99 baht. Starting at 49 Baht/month
Dell withdrew from all business in Russia.|Dell, a U.S.-based computer manufacturer Announced the cessation of all operations in Russia. In response to the invasion of Ukraine, Dell. The U.S.-based hardware giant became the latest Western company to withdraw from Russia because it wants sanctions over previous invasions of Ukraine. Dell has stopped selling products in Russia since March. But Dell still needed time to close the office and stop all sales until it was completed in mid-August. He worked in the R&D department and engineers. Most of them are based at their headquarters in St. Petersburg, having already received job offers from companies in Russia since Russia invaded Ukraine in late February. As a result, western giants have opted to withdraw from doing business in Russia. Prior to Dell's withdrawal, giants Intel, Nokia and IBM were also involved. The announcement suspended all operations in the White Bear territory, in addition to technology companies. Famous food and beverage businesses, including Starbucks and McDonald's, have also withdrawn their anchor from Russia because it is not worth investing in such a tricky situation.
Apple completes satellite communications test on iPhone 14|Apple completes satellite connectivity test for iPhone 14 Just launching this new capability. Based on business agreements with commercial partner Ming-Chi Kuo Apple's supply chain analysts Interestingly, Apple has previously worked satellite connectivity testing on iPhone 14 devices, and the test has been completed. The iPhone 14 device already has a satellite connectivity feature, but whether Apple will enable it, he said. Based on a joint business agreement with Apple's partners, satellite connectivity capabilities are available. It used to be heavily talked about during the launch of the iPhone 13 last year, but in the end there was no mention of this feature during the launch of satellite connectivity capabilities. It is very important to send emergency messages, including voice services, for areas where there is no phone signal. It is believed that there will be a service fee, with an affordable installment price so far. There are rumors that Apple is working with Globalstar. This feature is also available on iPhone 14. It comes amid the announcement of a partnership between T-Mobile and SpaceX to provide satellite-to-cellular services and is expected to be available in beta in 2023 without waiting for the arrival of iPhone 14SPONSORED.
Meta launches NFT job posting feature on Instagram and Facebook|Meta Announcing new features for Instagram and Facebook users You can now post art images from NFT. The feature has been tested since May. In May, Meta announced the launch of digital wallet connectivity features such as Rainbow, MetaMask, Trust Wallet, Coinbase Wallet and Dapper Wallet to allow digital art owners to post NFT images on meta's social media platforms. There are ways to create revenue streams for creators, especially selling digital assets. To create a digital art marketplace on the metaverse, which is meta's ultimate dream. ZuckerbergSPONSORED In addition to meta, other platforms such as Twitter and Reddit have also begun to support NFTs on their own platforms.
Apple filed a trademark registration for AR and VR devices under the name Reality. |Apple has reportedly filed trademark registrations for virtual reality and augmented reality devices under the name Reality, bloomberg news agency reported. Apple has filed trademark registrations in various names, including Reality One, Reality Pro and Reality Processor, matching a report earlier in May that Apple had filed a trademark in the name RealityOS. Choose to register a trademark with a different company name. Apple used the shell company method by creating a company called Yosemite Research LLC for registering the trademarks of macOS operating systems such as Yosemite, Big Sur, and Monterey. It is believed that the Reality One trademark is likely to refer to the standard AR and VR headsets, while Reality Pro is a higher-spec headset, and Reality Processor refers to the processors of AR and VR headsets, which are likely to mention the M2 chipset. Reality's trade registration is not only filed in the United States, but also in the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, and Uruguay, all of which mention three interesting words. Includes: Virtual and augmented reality headsets The last Goggles glasses are smart glasses and glasses for the launch schedule of AR and VR devices under the Apple brand. Expected to be in early 2023Source: Bloomberg
Supply chain insider data reveals over 80 percent of iPhone 14 screens are manufactured by Samsung Display. |According to a supply chain consulting firm, the majority of iPhone 14 screens are produced by Samsung Display, a subsidiary of Samsung Ross Young, a supply chain industry expert from Display Supply Chain Consultants, revealing that Samsung Display is the company responsible for 82 percent of iPhone 14 screens, while the remaining 18 percent is owned by LG Display, a subsidiary of LG Display, and Beijing Oriental Electronics, with 12 percent and 6 percent, respectively. The iPhone 14 series is manufactured by Samsung. LG, on the other hand, faces technical challenges. As a result, apple will have to wait until September to be ready to enter the Beijing Oriental Electronics production line from China. Ross also stated that 1.8 million screen parts for iPhone 14 production began in June. Later in July, it rose to 5.35 million pieces. IT ROSE TO 10 MILLION IN AUGUST AND MORE THAN 16.5 MILLION IN SEPTEMBER. Apparently, Apple is preparing to release the iPhone 14 until the end of 2022 at 34 million units.
Rumors iPhone 14 launches purple instead of Sierra Blue elevates Apple A16 chipset quality|As the iPhone 14 launch date approaches, it's time to move on. As a result, the news about Apple's flagship mobile is being talked about more and more. With the latest data revealed that the iPhone 14 will not be blue, Sierra Blue and the A16 chipset will have better heat management quality with a week left until the Apple Event "Far Our" begins, making more details about the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro more visible. The latest rumors come from a user named "yeux1122" from South Korea's Naver blog, citing a source from a U.S. developer about the upcoming iPhone 14 color information in the first issue. The colors of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max are not available in Sierra Blue, replacing them with Dark Purple, while the other colors available are Graphite black, silver, gold and green, while iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Max, the two starting price models for the iPhone 14 series, are available in the same colors as when iPhone 13 mini and iPhone 13 were released. Colors for iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Max are available in six colors: Midnight Black, Starlight White, Blue, Red, Purple and GreenSPONSORED. It states that it appears only on iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max models, outperforming the A15 in terms of faster operation. It has a better heat management system than its predecessor. For iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Max (which replaced the mini model), the A15 Bionic chip is still used like the iPhone 13.
Meta set up a membership system study team. Collect user money to redeem extra features on Facebook and Instagram|Meta forms new teams to study and create new experiences and special features. The Verge news agency reported that the company's internal memo sent to employees last week talked about forming a new team within the company with the aim of finding ways to generate revenue in other ways than advertising systems under the name New Monetization Experiences. Pratiti Roychodery, a former head of research at Meta, is currently in charge of the project. Meta has billions of active users, including facebook, whatsapp and instagram platforms, but almost all of meta's revenue comes from the advertising system. The App Tracking TransparencySPONSORED policy is true that meta now offers a large number of in-app purchases or services, such as star casting and supporter systems. However, given the problems that meta is affected by App Tracking Transparency, it is inevitable that meta will have to look for opportunities to create value and revenue from their platform that is still attractive. This is especially true for social media companies, which have become increasingly visible in the last few years, including Twitter, Discord, Telegram, and Tick-to-Word.
Wedbush analysts believe Apple is particularly focused on the iPhone 14 Pro.|Investment analysts believe Apple is aiming for an initial release of around 90 million iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro is Apple's most hoped-for model. Apple will launch a new model called the iPhone 14 Max, but some news speculate that it could come as the iPhone 14 Plus, a product that replaces the disappearance of the iPhone mini, which is only two years old, the iPhone 12 mini and iPhone 13 miniSPONSORED. That's the iPhone 14 Pro, which has changed a lot, and could be the biggest change in Apple years. What consumers will see starts with new designs, better chipsets, and imaging developments Source: 9to5Mac
Google opens registration to show interest in LaMDA artificial intelligence test |Home Users They are getting access to Google's artificial intelligence, LaMDA, for the first time. After this piece of artificial intelligence, it used to be in the news all over the world. A former Google employee claimed that it may have felt the same way about humans in July. There used to be a news story that became famous all over the world. Speaking to the Washington Post, a former Google employee named Blake Lemony said artificial intelligence (AI) may have the same feelings as humans. In an interview, Lamony said Google's artificial intelligence technology, LaMDA, has been developed to allow for a sense of self. Google has launched a website for those interested in testing lamda artificial intelligence for the first time through the AI Test Kitchen website. The country in which the tester resides, followed by the operating system on the smartphone being used at this time, the profession, and the reason for Google's need to test this artificial intelligence. Occurs in a matter of months. After Google fired Blake Lemony as a software engineer, Google's test was launched. It is a closed-ended test to avoid learning difficulties in the poor approach of artificial intelligence. Whether it's racism, ethnic bias, negative views on gender and gender diversity, etc. Lamda's abilities have been tested internally intensively for more than a year. Before finally allowing outsiders to test it, source: Gizmodo
Twitter allows you to edit or edit messages just by paying for your membership.|Twitter has officially announced that it has launched a test to edit or edit tweets. It's the end of a long wait that tweeters have been demanding. How twitter enables to edit or edit this message It's not free, but you have to pay a monthly membership fee to be eligible. It is a service of a membership system called Twitter Blue that charges US$4.99 per month or about 180 baht per month (exchange rate of 36 baht per dollar). There are special services currently available, such as no ads, icon adjustments, themes, bookmarks. And most recently, a button to edit such tweets, giving them the right to edit the text, add or edit the tag within 30 minutes of tweeting. There will be a symbol indicating that the text has been solved and the time it was edited, and users can also click on the old tweet. It is expected to be available later this month, while on its own Twitter account, it tweeted, "If you see a modified message, it's because we're testing the edit button."
OPPO is considering ending the distribution of power adapters on some smartphones.|It's finally becoming a trend. Oppo is the latest in a series of discussions over the past few years. Let's start with Apple. The decision not to include a power adapter with a smartphone packed inside the box has become a trend that many brands are starting to follow. The Chinese smartphone maker, which launched its OPPO Reno 8 smartphone series in Europe earlier this week, said it plans to stop distributing power adapters along with smartphones. Unlike other brands, OPPO has developed SuperVOOC technology with a different technology from other brands, so it's not easy for consumers to access this accessory conveniently. So, then. In the near future, OPPO will need to arrange for the sale of power adapters within OPPO's retail stores. To serve customers who need to purchase an adapter, OPPO's SuperVOOC technology has been developed to raise the selling point of charging faster than its competitors. This is especially true for smartphone users who have an urgent need to use a smartphone. It doesn't take hours to wait for a full battery, but it only takes 30 minutes to get a smartphone ready to use.SPONSORED for decision not to include oppo's power adapter believes it should be similar to Apple in terms of reducing plastic consumption, as well as reducing energy consumption from transporting smaller smartphone boxes.
Google executives confirm Android 14 operating system supports satellite communication|Hiroshi Lokheimer, senior vice president in charge of Android, chrome and Chrome OS, and one of the founding members of the Android team, confirmed via his personal Twitter account that Android 14 definitely supports satellite communications. To enable all of this. The term "next version of Android" refers to Android 14, which is scheduled to launch in August next year. In the event of an emergency, there is no telephone signal or in the midst of a disaster, while the service fee so far is not clear how it will be charged. The collaboration between T-Mobile and SpaceX will begin beta testing in late 2023SPONSORED Source: Android Authority
Twitter Circle launches new feature Choose to share tweets with groups of up to 150 people.|Twitter introduces new feature Twitter Circle can share its tweets in small groups of up to 150 people, said Jay Sulivan, General Manager of Twitter's Consumer and Revenue Product Division. Twitter wants to help people break down barriers, he said. There's a greater sense of comfort in tweeting, and there's a way to communicate more privately with the people they choose to chat with after Twitter tests and receives feedback from people on Twitter. Therefore, we have entered the phase of launching Twitter Circle to all users, so that all users can access their own public conversations in terms of using Twitter Circle before each tweet. Users can choose to share that tweet. In your own group, or with all followed accounts, it can be adjusted at any time. Twitter has begun testing Twitter Circle in May 2022 with a limited number of users, supported on iOS, Android and Twitter websites.
U.S. Government Issued new requirements on the sale of chipsets to Russia and China.|The world's leading chipset manufacturers, Invidia and AMD, have said they are limiting the sale of intricate chipsets to Russia and China, the latest attempt by the U.S. administration to issue new requirements on the sale of certain technologically complex chipsets to Russia and China. As a result, high-end graphics chipsets manufactured and sold by AMD and Nvidia are not easily released to U.S. government political opponents. Sellers are required to obtain an export license for the sale of chipsets. The intention is to provide these high-end chipsets. It is not used in the military of Russia. In the past, high-end graphics chipsets were often used for video game development to provide the most realistic visuals, but in the last 10 years, many high-end graphics chipsets have been applied to supercomputers and artificial intelligence development at the same time. Super Computer In many countries, it is used to develop military weapons. Supercomputers have become one of the tools used to spy on their own citizens. PREVIOUSLY, INVIDIA HAD A LARGE NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS IN BOTH CHINA AND RUSSIA. Therefore, Invidia It no longer sells chipsets to Russia, which resulted in Invidia losing about $400 million in revenue in the most recent UMD quarter. Acknowledging that such measures by the presidential administration are likely to have some impact on sales of high-end graphics chipsets in Russia and China, he believes that it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the company from this measure. Invidia's existing products are expected to be affected now. Including products that are planned to go on sale later this year, inevitably from the above points. As a result, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said Washington was a bad example of trying to dominate science and technology. Restricting access to high-end graphics chipsets from the hands of Russia and China may only be an initial measure, as it is possible that the U.S. government, especially the Commerce Department, may be planning to prevent Chinese companies from accessing this high-tech and sophisticated technology through acquisitions. U.S. technology was shipped to China, claiming to be a civilian supply chain, but ultimately being used militarily, such as weapons, aircraft, and surveillance technology.
European Union Plan to force smartphone life extension, cover batteries and spare parts.|Commission of the European Union Efforts have been made to improve laws that involve extending the life of smartphones and tablets. In particular, the availability of spare parts and the life of the European Commission batteries. Prepare to propose a bill to extend the life of smartphones and tablets. The goal is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Reducing e-waste, including recycling and recycling in Europe, drafted the European Commission's proposal. According to the report, smartphone manufacturers must be ready to supply at least 15 parts to professional repairmen for a period of five years since the device was first released. In addition Consumers are still guaranteed access to replacement batteries, display screens, chargers, back covers, and SIM trays and memory cards at the same time. European Commissioner's Proposal In the event that a manufacturer is unable to supply batteries to consumers for 5 years, the manufacturer must have a replacement: the manufacturer must produce a battery with 1,000 charge cycles before the battery performance is reduced to 80 percent. It does not apply to foldable phones to flexible display product lines. On the product box, information labels appear on smartphones and tablets to inform customers of the source: The Verge.
Apple is preparing to send iPhone 14 Plus instead of mini model, expected to be a 6.7-inch big-screen mobile.|International news websites claim Apple is preparing to send iPhone 14 Plus as a new model, replacing the iPhone 13 mini, which was not a sales success. After the response of the iPhone 12 mini and iPhone 13 mini came out in a bad way, Apple stopped producing the mini model while rumors about the iPhone 14 continued to circulate, the news that the new model that will replace the mini model is likely to be the iPhone 14 Max, but in no time the direction of the news changed that the model to replace it is more likely to be the iPhone 14 Plus than the 9to5Mac website report. Since the launch of the iPhone 6, iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 between 2014 and 2017, Apple has used the name Plus before, at the same time interesting information of the iPhone 14 is constantly being rumored, especially the iPhone 14 supports a maximum charging speed of 30 watts.
Instagram fined in Ireland 405 million euros Adolescent information management knot|Meta The owner of the Instagram platform has been fined 405 million. By Ireland's data review agency, due to meta-lax data protection of adolescents, Ireland's Data Protection Commission Down the meta sword. The owner of the Instagram platform is 405m or 350m. After meta, let information about the teen's phone number and email address go public. The committee spent two years investigating the matter. Prior to the conclusion that Instagram violated the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union, Instagram's internal system used to allow users between the ages of 13 and 17 to use business accounts. Instagram also sets accounts for account holders between the ages of 13 and 17 in the "Public" status by default, which in fact has had to be set to private in recent times. Instagram under meta supervision In 2021, Meta was fined 225 million for violating the General Data Protection Rule in the case of Whatsapp, but the company that was fined the heaviest by the same rule was Amazon in 2021 for 746 million. Meta, the owner of the Instagram platform, commented on the matter, saying that the data protection committee's investigation was "unacceptable". Since then, Meta has released a number of new features to help keep teens safe from using it, as well as to maintain privacy at this time. Users under the age of 18 will automatically be private, and adults who are not fallowed by users under the age of 18 will not be able to send messages to them. However, Instagram did not agree with the fine and intends to appeal further.
Google announces Pixel 7 and Pixel Watch events on October 6|Google is hosting a launch event for the new Pixel family, the Pixel 7 and Pixel Watch, on October 6. The Pixel Phone 7 comes with the Tensor G2 chipset, a chipset developed by Google itself. The pixel 7's factory operating system will come with Android 13, with two models, the Pixel 7 and the Pixel 7 Pro. On the Pixel Watch side, so far there is not much information available, but the information that believes that the Pixel Watch has a round dial.
Brazil bans iPhone sales due to lack of power adapter|Brazil's government has banned iPhone sales and fined Apple $2.3 million. The reason for this is that Apple did not include the power adapter in the iPhone's box back to the launch of the iPhone 12, which is the first time Apple has announced that it does not include a power adapter because it wants to reduce e-waste. to reducing cargo space to save energy. But Apple's policy has upset many of Brazil's authorities. Latest Government of Brazil Retaliate by suspending the release of all iPhone models, including iPhone 12 and iPhone 13. The Ministry of Justice and Public Security fined Apple U.S. $2.3 million or 12.275 million Brazilian real (about 86 million baht), followed by the cancellation of the registration of iPhone 12 with Anatel, a telecommunications agency similar to Thailand's NBTC. It found that consumers can still buy and own iPhone 12 as well as iPhone 13 as usual, according to Brazil's Consumer Protection Agency. Apple says it's Not including a power adapter for the package on iPhone 12 means it's pushing the burden on consumers. As a result, customers cannot get the product completely until they have to buy more at apple stores either online or offline. Apple is also likely to have other ways to save the planet, such as switching to USB-C ports, for example, regarding USB-C. There is a strong possibility that the iPhone model will be released in 2024.
Apple launches Apple Watch Series 8 debuts Apple Event Far Out|Apple Watch has become an important product on users' wrists, with great importance in terms of notifications. And so on to health and fitness function Jeff Williams. Chief Operating Officer of Apple Apple Watch Series 8 has a new, bigger, brighter dial to make it easier to read information on the wrist. But in addition to health functions, fitness functions, and sensors that detect women's health, especially when it comes to menstrual design, there are two sensors located on the back of the device and under the display. In addition, Apple has added new innovations, especially in the event of an accident. Apple has put in place sensors to detect cases where a wearer may have been involved in a car accident. Before alerting emergency services and contacting them in emergency times of battery life. Apple claims that the Apple Watch Series 8 can last for about 18 hours and 36 hours when logging into low power mode as part of a feature included in the WatchOS 9 operating system. Apple Watch Series 8 will be available in two models, the GPS model for $399 and the $499 cellular model, which will go on sale September 16.
Apple Watch Ultra new product strengthens Apple Watch series|Apple added a lineup to its Apple Watch lineup with the launch of Apple Watch Ultra, a new product in the Apple Watch lineup. Focus on toughness The strap of the watch body is strong. The case of the Apple Watch Ultra is made of titanium, the same material used in the space industry. The screen is a sapphire glass that is extremely durable. 100 meters waterproof and waterproof support from en13319 The interesting thing about Apple Watch Ultra is that the battery life lasts up to 36 hours on a single charge and up to 60 hours longer, which will be available for another tune later this year for apple watch ultra prices starting at $799.
Apple sends new flagship headphones AirPods Pro (2nd generation) with H2 chip |Apple updated its AirPods Pro lineup at Apple Event Far Out with the second-generation H2AirPods Pro chip. AirPods Pro supports Find My and has built-in speakers to make it easier to find when the AirPods Pro disappears from the headphone owner, the price of the AirPods Pro (2nd generation) is $249, ordered on September 9 and will be received on September 23.
The wait for the iPhone 14 is over, paired with the new iPhone 14 Plus.|At the Apple Event Far Out, Apple unveiled the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus, two models in the iPhone 14 default smartphone lineup. What's obvious is that it's notch on the iPhone 14. The iPhone 14 and 14 Plus use the same A15 chipset as the iPhone 13, which Apple claims is good for the battery. The iPhone 14 has a 12-megapixel camera with stabilisation, a wider aperture f/1.5, improved low-light shooting, followed by a 12-megapixel f/1.9 TrueDepth camera and a front-facing camera that supports AF. This allows for sharper selfies. Customers based in the U.S., Apple has switched to eSim instead, but in other countries it is still a regular SIM card. If iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus users are in remote areas without Wi-Fi or 5G and 4G services, they can use satellite communications services to send emergency assistance messages. Available for $799 and iPhone 14 Plus at $899, pre-orders are available September 9 and waiting for September 16 for iPhone 14, but iPhone 14 Plus is available later on October 7.
iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max unveiled with new notch design|In addition to the iPhone 14 and 14 Plus, Apple is also left with the launch of its main products iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. Apple has adopted it for controlling the user experience, both in terms of displaying the connection to the device, as well as the display of applications that were running at the time in a similar way to animation. Apple continues to use a stainless steel design with a ceramic display panel with a screen size of 6.1 inches for the iPhone 14 Pro and a 6.7-inch size of the iPhone 14 Pro MaxSPONSORED iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max Max. 12MP ultra wide camera and 12MP tele camera In the field of photography, Apple has improved its Photonic Engine software for better low-light photography, just like other products at Apple. iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max are available for purchase September 9 and officially launch on September 16, 2019 at Apple Event Far Out, iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max and iPhone 14 Pro Max will be available for purchase on September 9 and officially launched on September 16.
iPhone 14 price to book September 9 What's new Compared to iPhone 13 |The specifications and price of the iPhone 14 (iPhone 14) that was just released a few hours ago. What's new? Compared to the iPhone 13 that was launched last year. Thairath Online summed up the information gathered as a preliminary information for Apple followers to make a decision before buying, especially in Thailand, which is no less than anyone in the world anymore. Because Thailand is the first country or Tier 1 that Apple has given its followers before anyone else, SPONSORED for the iPhone 14 sales schedule reiterates Thailand. And there is no need to buy a carrying machine because it is sold simultaneously in many countries around the world that are Tier 1, including Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Singapore, Spain, Thailand, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom. iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus will be available for pre-order from 19:00 BST on Friday, September 9, and iPhone 14 will be available Friday, September 16, while iPhone 14 Plus will be available on Friday, October 7.
iPhone 14 starts at 32,900 baht, most expensive at 66,900 baht, Thai Tier 1 book 9 September|Apple has announced the release price of all iPhone 14 models. Starting at 32,900 baht, the highest price is 66,900 baht, Thailand is the first country to be ready to release on the same day as the United States, after a long wait to see when the iPhone 14 will be released in Thailand. As follows: SPONSORED for all iPhone 14 models All models All iPhone 14 models except the iPhone 14 Plus will begin delivery on September 16, while iPhone 14 Plus will have to wait until October 7.
Twitter allows only 5 edits of tweets from the Edit button in 30 minutes.|The arrival of the Edit Tweet button It's something that many Twitter users have been waiting for. Twitter recently revealed more information about the Edit Tweet button. Last week, Twitter officially announced the testing of a text editing service, or edit button, one of the features twitter users have been demanding for decades. Although the service edits tweets. It is restricted to Twitter Blue users, Twitter's membership system, with a fee of $4.99 per month. Indicates that editing text, including adding tags, can be done within 30 minutes of tweeting. With a symbol indicating that the text has been edited and the time it was edited, users can also click on the old tweet later. Twitter further explained the new feature, saying that users will be limited in their ability to solve the problem. Of course, 5 times is a small number, but in reality it should be enough to correct a tweet that has been mistyped or dropped by limiting the number of corrections. Twitter's approach has the potential to be changed at any time, because at this time, Twitter is in the process of studying the behavior of users on the platform for their ability to edit tweets. Twitter will be available first in New Zealand. Before expanding this application to Australia, Canada and the United States. LATER.SPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
Google to add cough and snoring detection features On Android smartphones|Google has come up with the idea of adding health features for users on Android smartphones to detect coughing and snoring while sleeping. While sleeping, on the new version of the Android operating system dates back to May. Google is reportedly in the process of developing a cough and snoring detection feature for Android 13, but new information is becoming clearer that it will be part of bedtime mode in terms of functionality. The operating system asks for the right to turn on the microphone to listen to audio while the user is sleeping, and to check how much the device owner is snoring or coughing. Samsung has previously developed the same capabilities on the Galaxy Watch 4 and Nest Hub 2nd-Gen. When Google introduced this feature into the Android operating system (which is unclear if it will happen on Android 13), it gives people access to the feature, because in reality many users do not own Galaxy Watch 4 or Nest HubSPONSORED Source: 9to5Google
Elon Musk admits to talking to Apple about the issue of satellite emergency messaging|Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX Answer questions via Twitter Admit to having the opportunity to talk to Apple. On the issue of satellite emergency messaging on the iPhone 14 that was recently launched after Apple. Apple launched iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro, a product that Apple has raised the issue of satellite emergency messaging (iPhone 14 Emergency SOS). (SpaceX) that has its own satellite. There is a Twitter user. Asked about the possibility of Apple partnering with SpaceX to become an emergency messaging partner for the iPhone 14, after several hours, Musk responded to the issue, saying that SpaceX had the opportunity to actually talk to Apple about the partnership with Apple. Elon Musk's response doesn't mean that what he's talking about goes back to the person who asked. It's clear that the term talks or negotiations doesn't affect the end outcome of the negotiationsSPONSORED The announcement of Apple's satellite emergency messaging feature at the time of the launch of the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro is a feature that has received a lot of attention. Although Apple isn't the first company to introduce this feature, last month, just before the launch of iPhone 14, T-Mobile and SpaceX announced a partnership. However, with the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro going on sale, the satellite emergency messaging feature is likely to be available in November. That means Apple will be the first commercially available company in the U.S. (Globalstar)Source: Mashable
Apple and Google commemorate the passing of Queen Elizabeth II|Google and Apple commemorate the passing of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom by adjusting their logos on the grey Google website. Apple's website has a homepage with a photo with the message In Memoriam, Queen Elizabeth II, while streams of regret have poured in from all over the world. Following the passing of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, Google and Apple, two of the biggest tech giants, have made some changes to their websites. Blue, red, yellow and green have been changed to gray versions to pay tribute to the longest-reigning queen. Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai tweeted on Google's behalf to express his condolences for the loss of the UK people. In recognition of Queen Elizabeth II's passing, Apple has also changed its homepage using photos of Dorothy Wilding's work. When His Majesty ascended the throne, it was used on the website instead of promoting new products such as iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro. When an important person dies, Apple is always one of the mourners. Nelson Mandela and Steve Jobs, for example: 9to5Google, 9to5Mac
iOS 16 and watchOS 9 are set to release updates september 12.|Apple's next agenda is to release an update to iOS 16, the newest version of the iOS 16 operating system, with free updates for iPhone 8 users or later, followed by iPhone SE 2nd-Gen and 3rd-Gen on September 12.
Instagram is preparing to test its new Repost feature with a limited number of users.|Instagram is testing a new feature called Repost to bring content from other users to its feed, similar to Twitter retweets and Facebook shares. Navarra, social media consultant @MattNavarra On the issue of the arrival of a new feature on Instagram called Repost, which is expected to become a new feature that will be available on Instagram, it is a capability that allows users to bring other users' content to their timeline. However, if you look back at old tweets, you'll have to retweet them. Alessandro Paluzzi's Mobile Application Developer He noted that Instagram has been testing reposts since May, which clearly shows that Instagram has been testing for some time. But with the development of the repost feature. This eliminates the need for users to take screenshots and post them on other social media. A spokesperson for Meta later revealed that the repost feature is currently being tested, with Meta planning to test the capability in a limited way and is not yet fully available at this time.
Apple registered its Dynamic Island trademark in Jamaica to maintain confidentiality.|Apple intends to keep the secrets of the new dynamic island notch by choosing to register its trademark as far away as Jamaica to keep it confidential and keep all the movements of the iPhone 14 Pro launch at the Apple Event Far Out. So that no one will be aware of the upcoming changes Mark German. A Bloomberg reporter tweeted an interesting discussion about the Dynamic Island feature, stating that Apple has registered the Dynamic Island trademark in Jamaica because there are some laws that are different from other countries. Further expand on that in Jamaica. Searching for a filed trademark Apple filed a Dynamic Island trademark registration on July 12, however, Apple has not just started registering its trademark in Jamaica, but Apple has been using this method for about 5-6 years. As can be seen from the case where Apple filed trademark registration for virtual reality and augmented reality devices under the name Reality through a company called Immersive Health Solutions, LLC, or in the case of trademark registration of macOS Yosemite, Big Sur and Monterey operating systems under the company name Yosemite Research LLC, etc.
Google considers moving 10-20 percent of Pixel Phone production to India|In the past, most of the Pixel Phone production was in China and Vietnam, but after this, Google may choose to move part of its production to India. To boost sales of The News Agency Information Google's pixel phone production has been largely in China and Vietnam, but in the coming years, some of Google's mobile phone production will go to India. Google's pixel phone production in the future will move to India by 10-20 percent, or from 500,000 to 1 million units previously. In 2019, google chose to resume production in China, and now it is the demand for Google to choose to produce smartphones overseas again, namely India, to produce pixel 7 and pixel 7 Pro. Google's choice to produce pixel phones in India is understandable. Must be zero. This has resulted in lockdowns and increased the difficulty of smartphone production at the same time. Relocating Pixel Phone Production Base to India Google has also benefited greatly, particularly in terms of boosting sales of Pixel smartphones to Indians. Import duties of up to 20 percent are imposed on foreign-made smartphones. Choose to manufacture smartphones in India As a result, Google can make prices better and compete more easily with competitors.
Samsung teases Apple when will it have a folding screen mobile?|Samsung The arrival of the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro has captured the attention of people in the technology industry. We need to create some buzz to get the media space back. With the launch of an ad called Samsung Galaxy: Join the flip side, the essence of this series of ads, Samsung tries to say that all around you can be folded, but the mobile that the protagonist is using cannot be folded at all. Finally, it couldn't withstand the glamour of the foldable phone, so it had to grab the Galaxy Z Flip 4 to finally own it. On social media, Samsung has been constantly trying to launch advertising campaigns, including questioning when Apple will have a foldable mobile phone, and Samsung has emphasized that they have had a foldable mobile phone for more than 2 years. It also teases about the 48-megapixel camera. Because on the Samsung side, it has been more than 2 and a half years since sponsored, the issue of social media tech companies is constantly being seen and is considered one of the colors of the smartphone industry. Foldable smartphones are also devices that are in secondary current. Although Samsung is the leader in this market, its competitors are still very few, as Chinese smartphone manufacturers have not yet fully entered the market. When is the folding screen mobile launched? The trend of foldable smartphones also has a chance to flutter quickly.
Instagram is also secondary to TikTok in the short video battleground.|Meta internal documents Instagram's parent company It shows that attempts to knock down a tick-to-a have not worked. Despite losing millions of dollars, the opposite has caused a lot of outrage among celebrities, the Wall Street Journal reported. The report claims that there is an internal document by Meta about Instagram's efforts to combat tick-to-a, which at this time saw a decrease in engagement on Instagram Reels compared to Tik-to-k. The number of views of TikTok reaches 197.8 million hours per day, but Instagram is only 17.6 million hours. Even in reality, meta Instagram's parent company is making a desperate effort to beat TikTok. $1 billion has been allocated to creators. A spokesperson for Meta, speaking to The Verge news agency, responded to the Wall Street Journal's report, saying the comparison data was inaccurate. He argued that in fact, the number of views via Reels is increasing, while Instagram has updated the application to become more tick-to-be. But in the end, it was attacked by celebrities. Eventually, the main problem with Instagram Reels lies in the lack of original content, with nearly a third of the content appearing on Reels being created from other platforms. AS CAN BE SEEN FROM THE WATERMARK INSIDE THE CLIP, ALTHOUGH INSTAGRAM HAS TRIED TO REDUCE THE VISIBILITY OF THESE CONTENT, IT HAS NOT WORKED. I would also like to continue to present this approach. At this time, meta is in the process of developing algorithms to offer content that resonates with users. Source: WSJ, The Verge
Twitter shareholders give green light Elon Musk acquisition but legal process continues|The battle between Twitter and Elon Musk continues, with Twitter shareholders approving the proposed acquisition by Elon Musk, but the lawsuit between the two sides is ongoing and is scheduled to go to court on Oct. 17, CNN reported. Twitter shareholders voted in favour of the acquisition, which was proposed by Elon Musk, for $44 billion, with 98.6 percent of shareholders agreeing to the acquisition. However, the acquisition was attempted by Elon Musk himself, as he claimed that Twitter had concealed bot accounts and spam accounts. Although shareholders gave the green light to Elon Musk as the new Twitter owner, so far that doesn't mean Musk will become the owner of Twitter. The issue is to go to court on October 17. Twitter's fate remains a mystery, and the trial process is likely to take quite some time. Before coming to the conclusion that Twitter would become Elon Musk's property or, on the contrary, could Musk be able to pull out of a deal initiated by himself and pay a fee of about $1 billion for the fall of his contract?Source: CNNSPONSORED
Apple confirms iOS 16 battery percentage is not available on iPhone 13 mini, 12 mini, 11 and XR|Apple has released an update to iOS 16 to consumers. It's just that many older iPhones that aren't iPhone 14 (iPhone 14) can't use the battery percentage display. The unfortunate models include the iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 11 and iPhone XR. The battery percentage figure, which is new to iOS 16, will not be displayed on many iPhone models, including iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 11 and older models like iPhone XR. It did not provide further details as to why many older iPhones have failed to use such features in the past. View battery numbers However, the iOS 16 operating system has opened up a channel for users to set this value. This creates a lot of inconvenience for users to set up. Battery percentage numbers in iOS 16 go to Settings > Battery > Press Open Battery Percentage at the topSPONSORED Source: Apple
Apple's Lightning technology turns 10 years old and has a chance to switch to USB-C next year.|Lightning technology, charging cables of many iPhones, including the newest iPhone 14, which has reached its 10th anniversary, but next year Apple has the opportunity to switch to Apple's USB-C Lightning technology. Launched with the iPhone 5 in 2012, until now Apple's Lightning. He turned 10 years old at the time. The head of marketing once said that Lightning is a state-of-the-art connectivity tool for the next decade. However, the chances of seeing Apple use Lightning for the iPhone 15 are becoming more difficult, mainly because in June, the European Union announced a law that would make USB-C ports a central standard for charging smartphones, tablets, headphones and consoles and other electronic devices by the fall of 2024. There are huge advantages to the moment it was launched 10 years ago because users can plug in their smartphone charger from any side, but the USB-C later became a more popular port than Lightning, as evidenced by Android smartphones and other electronic devices.
Google unveils 4 flavors of potato chips in Japan, launching Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro|Google is quite interesting. With the unveiling of 4 new flavors of potato chips Promote the launch of Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro. Only in Japan are there a few weeks left to see the launch of Google's new smartphones, the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro. The new arrivals also include the Tensor G2. In order to create buzz for the Pixel 7 and Tensor G2 chipsets, Google launched a campaign called Original Chips in Japan. In addition, the term Original Chips also includes the Tensor G2 chipset, which is an original chipset from Google's design. Google's Original Chips comes in four flavors: Snow Cheese, Hazel Onion, Salty Lemon, and Obsidian PepperSPONSORED. Here's the perfect snack while watching the official Pixel 7 live streaming on October 6th. Source: BloombergSPONSORED
iOS 16.1 Beta iPhone 13 mini, 12 mini, 11, XR now displays battery percentage|Good news for users of older iPhones  iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 11 and iPhone XR  When iOS 16.1, Apple added a percentage on the battery and the iOS 16 operating system just released an update earlier this week. Apple has updated the battery percentage number on the icon. However, the feature cannot be used at the same time. The Apple Support website, Apple's official website, doesn't explain further why the percentage of battery icons isn't available. The iOS 16.1 operating system, which is currently undergoing developer testing, found that the iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 11 and iPhone XR already support this capability.
European Union The verdict is not changed. Google fined 151 billion baht for monopolizing Android|EU Competition Commission Confirm the original verdict. With the next google fine. From the monopoly knot within the Android operating system, but a little kind. Fines were slightly lowered from 4.34 billion to 4.12 billion dating back to 2018. The court ruled that combining Google applications and services with the Android operating system constitutes a monopoly on competition. The European Court's Court of First Instance viewed Google's anti-competitive behavior by requiring Android smartphone manufacturers to install Google's search app. Just like a web browser, it must be a Chrome browser (Chrome) removed in advance on the machine in the above points. Google tried to argue that the EU's policy was erroneous, particularly on the issue of app download security after four years of protracted review, and the Court of Appeal in the European Union affirmed the lower court's decision to impose fines, but the court reduced the fine from 4.34 billion to 4.12 billion upon hearing the decision. Google expressed its disappointment, saying: Android has created smartphone access opportunities for everyone, as well as being behind the scenes to support many businesses. Both in Europe and around the worldSPONSORED Source: The Guardian
Apple website page crashes worldwide for unknown reasons|Apple's official website page Apple websites in the U.S. and Thailand are crashing all over the world. As of 10:13 a.m., the reason for the site's late crash today (September 15) is still unknown. Apple's official website page It is a global problem. Apple's website in the U.S., the U.K., and Thailand, according to Downdetector, is likely to crash around 10:13 a.m. local time. THE WEBSITE PAGE IN THE SECTION WHERE THE PURCHASE WAS MADE WAS STILL ACTIVE.SPONSORED LATER AT AROUND 11:46 A.M. APPLE WEBSITE PAGE RESUMED NORMAL USESPONSORED
Nothing Phone (1) has sold over 100,000 units in India.|Nothing Phone (1) A smartphone from startup Nothing, featuring Carl Carl Pei The former co-founder of OnePlus has sold more than 100,000 units in India, according to Indian retailer Flipkart. Nothing Phone (1), a smartphone from Nothing, has made waves on social media. Sales in Bharata reached more than 100,000 units in 20 days alone. It's interesting because Nothing Phone (1) is able to compete very well with Siao Mi and One Plus. Global sales figures It is unclear when it will be revealed. If global sales figures come out, it will make it more clear what level the Nothing Phone (1) brand is now on the world stage. Although Nothing Phone (1) is not or close to being the smartphone of 2022, but with its quirky and quirky body design, interesting features, it will catch people's eyes quite a bit.
Twitter bans accounts that share Ariel mermaid videos From black to white|Twitter suspended access to @vandalibm's account after the user uploaded a video that changed Ariel's skin color. A mermaid from the movie The Little Mermaid from black to white earlier this week, Walt Disney delivered a trailer of The Little Mermaid movie at the D23 Expo, shortly after the public watched a trailer for the film from Walt's official YouTube. Disney has generated a widespread, wildfire-like buzz due to the script of Mermaid Ariel. Shortly after, a Twitter account called @vandalibm shared a video that altered Ariel's skin tone from black to white and made her hair reddish red. The @vandalibm account states that the shared clip is for educational purposes only. On the contrary, @vandalibm himself was amazed by the IQ and work of his friend, who uses the Twitter account @TenGazillionIQ who specializes heavily in artificial intelligence. From having a PhD in artificial intelligence. Until it can change Ariel's skin color. @vandalibm's Twitter account was eventually suspended from Twitter, but @TenGazillionIQ's account, which is claimed to have made Ariel's skin discoloration video, has been removed. Still working normally Source: Gizmodo Australia
TikTok Now, a new feature, posts images once a day. Inspired by the BeReal application|TikTok Now has announced a new feature called TikTok Now, inspired by the popular U.S. application BeReal. This feature is cloned from the B-Ariel application. It is a popular app from France and is becoming very popular in the United States. This is due to the fact that this application invites users to take random photos with the front and rear cameras. To make the image posted to B-Ariel a realistic image. Not wanting perfection, but reflecting the person's true identity from such interest, it has also resulted in a tick-to-k feature that eventually becomes a feature called TikTok Now. This feature is now available to TikTok users in the U.S. and is expected to continue to expand its service to TikTok users around the world. Because of the past. TikTok is an application that is often cloned by talent, especially Meta's Instagram, which has tried so much to beat TikTok, but this time, it's a tick-to-k inspired by competing applications within the application itself.
Solve the question of opportunities and risks of a computer explosion is possible? |In the wake of the news that a computer exploded in a classroom at a school, causing the death of a student, which is currently unknown, it has raised the question of whether computers and keyboards can actually explode. Ask a computer equipment specialist. Chakrapong Phumpaijit, also known as "Toffee is a computer repair tool", a famous IT influencer, has given the answer to the question of "computer explosion" as follows: "Personally, I have never encountered a computer explosion that is so violent that it can cause death, but I have encountered in the case of Power Supply that is a power supply that is a power supply that explodes inside the computer, which is an explosion that does not have serious damage. Toffee added that the explosion was caused by some power supply models being adjusted to excessively high pressure that caused the power supply in the computer to be unbalanced. As for the protection, Toffee said that usually these computer devices are provided by the manufacturers. However, if the computer is adjusted to excessive power, it can be dangerous. However, it's not easy to adjust your computer. This requires a lot of expertise. It is currently unclear what exactly caused the explosion. Because the authorities are investigating the person at the scene and waiting for the results from the forensic officer. In addition, officials from the computer manufacturer are entering the area to determine the cause of the incident.
Users noted more ads on YouTube than usualthey can't skip ads.|Users are suspicious of YouTube ads, which are more recent than usual, and do not allow users to skip those ads. Until 2-3 minutes. There is an option for users to skip ads. When viewing an ad for a period of time, it's just that the conversation that took place on the Reddit website was Many users have noted that the YouTube viewing experience has changed, with more advertising systems on each brake. However, many users are still facing dozens of new types of ads. THE KIND THAT CAN'T SKIP ADS AT ALL, SPONSORED EVEN WITH DOZENS OF ADS. But the good news for this type of ad is that the length of the ad lasts a few seconds, which means that the time that users have to spend watching the ad is @TeamYouTube only about a minute. He said the ads that were mentioned were called bumper ads, each lasting about 6 seconds, appearing early in the video. Users can do this through the commenting tool for the YouTube ad system, something that has been infiltrated into the experience on this platform. Revenue from content subsequently enters the platform as more ads become available. YouTube has added an option for users who don't want to watch ads to skip through all ads using a package called YouTube Premium Source: 9to5Google, Reddit
iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus Pre-orders May Be "Worse" iPhone 13 mini|The iPhone 14 series is officially released in Thailand. Overseas, it is estimated that iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max orders are impressive, but not for iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus and tend to be worse. The iPhone 13 mini with the iPhone 14 series has been available for pre-order since September 9, and today, September 16, it has already begun to be delivered, including in Thailand. What's interesting about the launch of iPhone 14 is that the response to iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max is good, with delivery times of up to 5-6 weeks. The response and popularity of the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus is in contrast to the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max, as the pre-orders of both the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus are even lower than the pre-orders of the iPhone 13 released last year. Supply chain analysts said the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus still have stock until the delivery date. That reflects a small demand for these two precursor iPhone 14 modelsSPONSOREDMing-Chi Kuo. If you look at the pre-orders, you will find that iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus have even fewer pre-orders than iPhone SE 3rd-Gen and iPhone 13 mini. Shipments of these two models may drop in November and may also be ordered to cease production, as has happened before with both the iPhone 12 mini and iPhone 13 mini.
Apple acknowledges iPhone 14 Pro camera shake issue, prepares to release a fix update next week|Apple announces plans to release an update to fix iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max users' issues with camera use via social media applications. It's not. The software that will be revised will be released next week earlier. iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max users have reportedly experienced camera shake and sound in snapchat, Instagram, and tick-to-a. Apple has not yet revealed exactly what caused it, but there are several possibilities. In addition, there is another possibility that can cause problems, namely from the image stabilisation system of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max.
Apple ready to ship Dynamic Island to all iPhone 15 models|The iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max are the first two models at Apple. A new feature called Dynamic Island has been introduced, but the arrival of the iPhone 15 next year. All models will support all Dynamic Islands even after the launch of the iPhone 14 has ended. As of Friday, for users in Thailand, of course, when it comes to the iPhone 14, the most talked about and in the area of attention is the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. All models come with Dynamic Island, but the iconic features of the iPhone 15 will continue to be exclusive to the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. Ross also assessed the latest situation of the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus, saying that the standard model of the iPhone is unlikely to support LTPO technology or refresh rate 120Hz, mainly due to supply chain issues affecting technology companies. If Ross' assessment is true, this means that iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus probably won't support ProMotion and Always-On display either.Source: 9to5mac
Win PlayStation 5 (PS5) to send new models, removable Blu-ray readers|Sony is reportedly in the process of developing a new model for the PlayStation 5, scheduled for release next year. Sony is set to launch a new PS5 next year. The Blu-ray reader can be removed and the chassis has been adjusted to solve the problem of cooling and excessive weight loss of previously released PS5 models in terms of the unit. Sony has designed the machine to remain beautiful. Even if the Blu-ray reader is removed from the machine. If the Blu-ray reader is damaged, you can also buy a new one to replace it. The arrival of a new version of PS5 There is also a chance of being positioned to replace the older PS5 that was first released in late 2020. Inside-Gaming Reporting No confirmation from Sony has been received, but if everything is true, it will be true. The new PlayStation 5 model is likely to be first seen in the post-April 2023 period. The PlayStation 5 console comes in two models: the PS5 with Ultra HD Blu-ray and the PS5 Digital Edition, with price ranges of 18,690 baht and 15,690 baht, respectively.
Apple raises App Store prices, hits European and Asian countries|Apple raises app store prices across Europe and in some Asian markets It started next month on the back of a weaker currency against a stronger dollar. From October 5, countries that use euros, South Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Vietnam, Sweden, Chile and Egypt will be affected by price hikes, such as apps with a base price of 0.99 euros will rise to 1.19 euros or about 20 percent. It did not detail the app store price hikes in each country, but it is understandable that it was due to currency fluctuations influenced by inflation and rising energy costs. After Apple iPhone 14 and Apple Watch Series 8 were launched, and the international market is also available at a significantly more expensive price than the iPhone 13. In Thailand, the price of iPhone 14 has increased from 3,000 baht to 4,000 bahtSPONSORED Source: The Verge
The study revealed: Pressing the Dislike and Not Interested buttons does not affect YouTube video screening.|A recent study by the Mozilla Foundation revealed a recent study that clearly indicated dislikes and not interested during the viewing of millions of videos. YouTube is a video viewing platform used by people around the world. YouTube has more than a million hours of video to watch. It's not. However, a recent study by the Mozilla Foundation revealed that they used an open source called "RegretsReporter" to verify that buttons such as Dislike, Not Interested, Don't Recommended Channel and Remove from Watch History are used. Does it affect youtube video recommendations? The results were based on data from 22,722 YouTube users who viewed more than 567 million videos. What you get is that dislikes and not interested don't significantly affect the recommendation of videos to users. If the user wants the video screening system to work as accurately as possible. According to Mozilla, the use of the Don't Recommended Channel command produced the best results, accounting for 43 percent, followed by Remove from Watch History at 29 percent, and Dislike and Not Interested, affecting YouTube's video screening system by only 12 percent and 11 percent, respectively. Access to usage, and video screening systems are better than they are today. Service providers have changed their use of algorithms. Originally used to recommend content, it has been transformed into customizing your feed. As can be seen from applications like TikTok, Instagram and Twitter.
Apple increases graphics display, lower battery percentage Start in iOS 16.1|One of the most talked about issues on Apple's iOS 16 operating system is the issue of batteries, which the next update of iOS 16.1 Apple will fix by adding battery graphics that have been reduced from running Apple's newest version of the iOS 16 operating system. It is the most talked about operating system. On the one hand, Apple has added new capabilities, but on the contrary, it is also an overly choppy operating system. One of them is the display of the battery percentage at this time. iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 11 and iPhone XR users still can't display battery percentage. However, users of iPhone 13, iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro have also experienced incompleteness in the display of battery percentage, as the battery graphics that appear in the upper right corner of the iPhone 13 and iPhone 14 do not display reduced battery graphics. Even in iOS 16.1 Beta 2 for developers, various user claims have already been addressed. In addition, Apple has increased the percentage of battery life on the lock screen. One of them is the so-called "Allow paste" notification, which is a distraction for users, and one of the things Apple will fix in iOS 16.1, as well as camera shake issues on iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max when using social media applications.
Bandai Namco sends Tamagotchi a Grogu version from the Star Wars universe.|Grogu, another cute character from The Mandalorian series in the Star Wars universe, will become Tamagotchi, a classic toy, available for pre-order on Amazon's website. This is the chance to get that right when Grogu becomes one of the classic tamagotchi toys in terms of the Grogu version of Tamagotchi. It's not much different from other Tamagotchi versions. In other words, players will have to raise their grogu mats well, serving both rich ink soup and macaron. There are also mini-games, and unlocking items for the baby yoda version of Tamagotchi's slogan is quite interestingly written. By challenging players whether you will be able to successfully raise Grogu or be dark. Trooper (Imperial Sub-Combat Unit) GOT YOURSELF AHEAD OF SPONSORED IN THE PAST. Tamagotchi has once again become a resurrected toy. In the run-up to last year's racing, Tamagotchi released the R2-D2 version to suck star wars fans on the ladder. Namco Copyright owner Tamagotchi Tamagotji "Grogu" is set to be available for pre-orders soon on Amazon, but it is believed to be due to a return for season 3 of The Mandalorian series in February next year via Disney Plus streaming channels. In addition, series based in the same universe, Andor, have already started streaming today (September 21). It was released in 3 episodes: ComicbookSPONSORED
The report reveals Americans' use of TikTok to consume news has risen to 33 percent, but Facebook has continued to decline.|Pew Research Center released its latest report. The use of the TikTok app for news tracking has increased by 33 percent from just 22 percent in 2020. But a recent study by Pew Research Center reported that the use of tick-tocks for news consumption is on the rise. It was 22 percent in 2020 before moving to 29 percent and 33 percent in 2021 and 2022, respectively. Twitter, for example, used to have 59 percent of its news users in 2020, but two years later it fell to 53 percent, while Facebook consumed 54 percent of its news on the platform in 2020 and down to 44 percent in 2022. News consumption fell 2 percent, while Twitch news reading showed no increase but not decreased, according to Pew. Rather, it is a platform that delivers news and learning as well. When TikTok began to play such a huge role in the online world, would it cause concern because TikTok is a platform that comes from China, and recently TikTok has been linked to the Chinese government? From bytedance employees in China Personal information of U.S. users can be accessed even later. However, at the moment, TikTok is not the main source of news consumption from social media, as Facebook is still number one. In the adult pew age group, 31 percent of U.S. users receive news from Facebook regularly, followed by YouTube (25 percent), Twitter (14 percent), Instagram (13 percent) and tick-to-k (10 percent).
TikTok does not allow campaign fundraising on the platform ahead of midterm elections in the U.S.|TikTok prevents the problems that will follow as politicians use their platform as a fundraiser for political campaigns during the U.S. midterm elections. Announced new policies in response to the upcoming U.S. midterm elections in November. By announcing that politicians are not going to use tick-tock as a tipping tool, access to advertising features, and gifting on the platform, it's because TikTok wants to tighten all policies related to politics. The 2016 U.S. general election was one of the elections in which social media played a huge role and was part of the interference with false information on platforms, forcing all social media platforms to tighten political content and advertising. Especially big global politics like U.S. politics. This tick-to-k policy restricts the ability of politicians with tick-to-k accounts to not use or access capabilities that are relevant to non-organic content at the same time. TIK-TO-K HAS BANNED THE USE OF THEIR PLATFORM AS A SPACE FOR CAMPAIGN FUNDRAISING, SUCH AS CREATING CONTENT TO SOLICIT DONATIONS TO THE PARTY, OR VIDEO CONTENT TO SOLICIT MONEY FOR ELECTION CAMPAIGNS. Politicians' tick-to-k accounts are also blocked from monetization channels on the platform and are excluded from the Creator Fund, a fund that pays creators who develop engaging content into the platform.
Apple to move iPhone production to India by 2025 and Vietnam for Apple Watch production|In the past, Apple has begun moving some iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch production to India and Vietnam, but in the coming years both countries will become the main and very important production for Apple on a global scale, according to JPMorgan analysts, released Wednesday local time in the United States. Apple will begin moving its iPhone 14 production to India in 2022 by 5 percent and then expanding production in Bharata to 25 percent by 2025. Compared to the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max at the same time, JPMorgan has also analyzed other devices, such as those in the iPad and Apple Watch groups. Vietnam's factories will handle 20 percent of their production, and 5 percent and 65 percent of MacBooks and AirPods, respectively. By 2025, JPMorgan analysts are looking at using India as a manufacturing base, seeing india having sufficient labor resources. In this case, it is not only Apple that sees India as a worthy country to invest in, because its main competitors in the smartphone business, Samsung and Siaomi, have chosen to produce top-notch smartphones in India, not even Google, which owns hardware devices such as Google Pixel 7, has the idea to move to India.
NBA superstar Luke Doncic unveils Epic Games technology MetaHuman |Luka Doncic is a rising star in the basketball team of the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA. In February 2021, Epic Games, the renowned gaming company behind the hit Fortnite and its unreal engine engine, launched a technology called MetaHuman. That kind of is highly high resolution and very realistic, very latest. Luka Doncic The Slovenian basketball superstar from the Dallas Mavericks has worked with Epic Games to create another one of his identities through MetaHuman. A virtual version created with Epic Gam's Unreal Engine 5 MetaHuman tool, along with Neural Network Technologies, gives facial movements the same realism as Luka Doncic. Luka Doncic's alter ego will be called Luk.AI, which comes from his first name mixed with the word AI or artificial intelligence. Although it is not very clear what innovation Epic Games will use from now on, it Luk.AI reflects that Epic is serious about creating digital human beings@lukadoncic.
Apple releases iOS 16.0.2 update, fixes camera shake in iPhone 14 Pro and Allow Paste message|Apple released an iOS 16.0.2 update to address iOS 16 issues with both iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max camera shake, as well as the Allow Paste message. Apple recently released an update to iOS 16.0.2. This fix focuses on camera shake, which is common among iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max users when using the camera in social media apps at the same time. In iOS 16, when a user copies a message or cross-platform link, the operating system's system will alert that copying this message will require users to choose whether to don't allow paste or allow paste, which is so frequent that it is very awkward for many users.
Dynamic Island for Android residents is here as dynamicSpot.|Developers named Jawomo unveiled a new application inspired by the Dynamic Island of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max that developed into an Android app called dynamicSpot. When a developer named Jawomo successfully submits an application called dynamicSpot to the Google Play StoreSPONSORED, the dynamicSpot application is an app that Android users can download for free, but there will be In-app purchases. If you need additional capabilities, such as displaying a lock screen or tapping to run an application, you'll have to pay US$4.99 to unlock this capability. Given that dynamicSpot is currently in early access, there are still some capabilities or applications that are not yet in place, which will be revised in each version of the update. In addition, with android smartphones. It wasn't designed for Dynamic Island in the first place, so there are still several parts that make it so smooth to use.
Facebook users in California file lawsuit against Meta for privacy violations|Meta Facebook's parent company has been sued again. After users in San Francisco The plaintiffs filed a lawsuit against Meta, alleging unauthorized user data collection on Wednesday, local time, with two Facebook users from San Francisco. The lawsuit alleges that Meta collected user data without permission and violated its privacy, according to data researcher Felix Krause, who said Apple's Instagram and Facebook apps on its iOS operating system had JavaScript on its website. Meta said in a statement that the story is not true, confirming that Meta has designed the application with respect to privacy since Apple enacted its App Tracking Transparency (ATT) policy, resulting in the loss of more than U.S. $10 billion in revenue opportunities.
Instagram develops filter in Direct Messages box|Instagram is testing filters to filter images that are sent without the recipient's need. In a private text box or Direct MessagesAlessandro Paluzzi. Application Researcher New data on testing within the Instagram app has been revealed, revealing that Instagram is in the process of developing a tool to help filter messages related to nudity. In the private text box (Direct Messages), Paluzzi It goes on to explain that this functionality is likely meant to conceal these unwanted images, provided that Instagram does not have access to or see these images or user chats at the same time. The data obtained by Paluzzi can be seen that all the processing from the user device, without sending it to the server of Meta, the parent company of InstagramSPONSORED, Liz Fernandez. A spokesperson for Meta told TechCrunch that Meta is developing a control unit so that users can use it as an option to protect themselves from unwanted things in their private inboxes. In addition, Meta is working closely with experts to ensure that these text or pornographic filtering features continue to maintain privacy with users.
London Police arrested the suspect. Supposedly someone hacked footage of GTA 6 games.|Police in London, England, have arrested suspects who may have been involved in the hacking of footage of GTA 6 games, as well as Uber, a police officer in London, England. They arrested a 17-year-old man in Oxfordshire. Police have not released any information about the arrest, but believe it may have been related to the hacking of footage of GTA VI, as well as the Uber hack during the cybersecurity incident. Probably associated with a hacker group called Lapsus$Read more: GTA 6 game preview footage leaked online How it affects Rockstar Games, bloomberg news agency reports. In March 2022, it was stated that the mastermind behind the hacker group Lapsus$ may have been a teenage hacker, but the hacking capabilities were so high that they successfully attacked Microsoft and Nvidia. Involved with the Lapsus$hacker group, London Police have so far declined to provide information about the suspect's arrest.
Meta is considering returning its Instagram and Facebook accounts to Donald Trump next year.|Meta Considering making a decision Former President Donald Trump's social media accounts, Facebook and Instagram, will be reinstated next year after being suspended since 2021. Clegg, President of Global Affairs at Meta Donald Trump's Instagram and Facebook accounts may be allowed to resume in 2023. Speaking at a seminar held in Washington, D.C., hosted by the media organization Semafor, Nick Clegg pledged that the decision to return the account to the 45th former president was not an arbitrary decision. But it has to be determined by the real world. However, the final decision would have to be made in consultation with Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO and co-founder of Meta, as well as outside experts. Donald Trump has been suspended from using all social media services. Whether it's Instagram, Facebook, which was mentioned earlier, for two years, but to permanently ban or lift the ban, Meta must make a decision by January 7, 2023, just like Twitter, Trump's favorite platform. Twitter permanently banned Trump from his social media accounts following a storming of the Capitol by a group of Trump supporters on January 6, 2021. As a result, Trump founded his own social media called Truth Social for Nick Clegg. HE THEN JOINED FACEBOOK IN 2018 AS VICE PRESIDENT OF GLOBAL AFFAIRS AND COMMUNICATIONS AND WAS PUSHED TO A HIGHER POSITION AS A KEY POLICYMAKER FOR SPONSORED. This is partly because Meta is intertwined with the political arena and international relations, so getting someone who specializes in managing political relations is something that Meta needs to use from Nick. Clegg Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Apple begins production of iPhone 14 in India It is expected to be a manufacturing hub by 2025.|Apple has already started production of the iPhone 14 in India, less than a month after the iPhone 14 was released. It is expected to make India a hub for iPhone production in the future. iPhone 14 production belt opened in India successfully The production of the iPhone 14 Foxconn, a key partner in iPhone production for Apple, has produced this mobile phone in Sriperumbudur, all of which will be available in India later this year as usual. iPhone production in India has been going on since 2017. Manufacturing analysts believe Apple is thinking of making Apple the world's main manufacturing hub by 2025 to reduce its dependence on China. China has been the manufacturing plant for all iPhone models for decades, according to analysts at JP. Morgan reports that Apple will start producing 5 percent of the iPhone 14 in India by the end of 2022 and expand production to 25 percent by 2025SPONSOREDREAD MORE: Apple Apple is preparing to move iPhone production to India by 2025 and Vietnam for Apple Watch production. Samsung has also positioned India as the brand's manufacturing hub for many years as well. Google is also ready to choose India as the production base for the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro. Source: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Netflix launches game studio in Finland, hoping to increase indirect subscriber numbers |Netflix Opened its own gaming studio in Finland, Netflix's new gaming business, which first paved the way for the gaming market at the end of the year. 2021Netflix The world's largest streaming provider The launch of its own gaming studio in Finland marks a major step forward for Netflix. After launching its first gaming business in November 2021, it acquired a mobile gaming company called Next Games for $72 million and purchased three game studios in the past year. Netflix More than 30 games are available for members to play and aim to have more than 50 games available later this year. Games on Netflix streaming Most of them are associated with series and movies, so it's a parallel marketing to this time. Netflix gaming is far from a success, as the latest figures in August showed that fewer than 1 percent of Netflix subscribers have about 220 million accounts. It is believed that Netflix wants to use the game as an indirect membership boost strategy. The kind that can attract users to subscribe to Netflix to play a dedicated game is not easy. Because developing a game is something that takes a lot of time. Especially if you want to develop high-quality games. It takes a lot of money and time.SponsoredThe gameplay approach on Netflix's platform will remain ad-free, and players don't need to spend any extra money.
Apple has no plans to host a new product launch event in October. Send a press release instead.|The latest rumors about Apple's new product launch in October so far may not have been a launch event, as Apple opted to send press releases on its website instead of Mark. German Bloomberg News Analyst Apple's much-anticipated launch of the new product in October may not happen. The reason is because of the rest of the products now. There are mac mini with M2 and M2 Pro chips, 14-inch and 16-inch MacBook Pro with M2 Pro and M2 Max chips, and finally 11-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro powered by M2 chips. Instead, it will be sent to the news agency's email address and published through the Apple Newsroom website. This of apples is not uncommon. Because of its non-iPhone products, Apple has chosen to launch by sending press releases many times. On this issue, Apple Source: GSMArenaSPONSOREDSPONSORED
Apple withdraws VK, Russia's most popular social media Exit the App Store|VK application is a popular social media application from Russia. Successfully withdrawn from the app store to Apple's developer accounts. VKontakte, a popular social media application from Russia, has been revealed. Similar to Facebook, it has been removed from Apple's app store, and Apple, as the owner of the platform, has not revealed the exact cause. Because ever since Russia invaded Ukraine. European and U.S. companies have implemented sanctions against Russia at all levels, blocking access to the world's most popular social media applications. Despite being blocked by Apple, VK will continue to develop and support iOS applications for users who have previously installed the app, according to Similarweb. Although the VK app is not available on the app store, it is still normally available on Google's Play Store platform for the VK app, an application created by Pavel Durov in 2006 before he was forced to sell the app to Vladimir. Kiriyenko A billionaire with close ties to Vladimir. Putin, later Pavel Durov, founded the Telegram app.
Honor sends Honor 70, X6, Pad 8 and Band 6 to Thailand market The brand is set to open later this year.|Honor Send smartphone The latest tablets and smartbands are coming to the Thai market. The Honor 70 is a great way to carry the capability of photography and VlogHonor, a smartphone manufacturer from China. Launch of the latest smartphones, tablets and smart devices Led by the Honor 70, Honor X6, Honor Pad 8 and Honor Band 6 as one of the choices of Thai customers, Honor 70 has positioned the Honor 70, the brand's premium smartphone, as the protagonist for marketing in Thailand. In this model, Honor has a special emphasis on photography. It consists of 3 rear cameras, the main camera with a resolution of 54 megapixels. Using Sony's IMX800 sensor, it works with hardware and software called honor image engines, followed by a 50-megapixel ultra-wide camera and a 2-megapixel depth-of-the-box camera. The 32-megapixel front-facing camera, the Honor 70 also focuses heavily on vlog shooting, including related features such as Dual View mode for multiple perspectives and Solo Cut mode, which works with algorithms to focus on people or objects. The Honor 70 features a slow-motionHonor 70 with a battery of 4,800 mAh, a 66W Honor SuperCharge technology that Honor claims can charge 60 percent in 20 minutes and 100 percent charge in 45 minutes. Supports 1 billion colors The 120Hz refresh rate for the Honor 70 is available in two colors, Crystal Silver and Midnight Black for 16,990 THB, officially released on October 6, 2022. Compared to honor X6 machine specifications It has a 6.5-inch HD+ screen and three rear cameras with a 50-megapixel main camera. 2-megapixel macro camera and 2-megapixel depth cameraHonor X6 Honor Pad 8 is the first tablet of the Honor brand to reach 5,000 mAH, which Honor Pad 8 claims to last up to 2 days when the battery is 100 percent charged, and it also supports the Honor 10W ChargeHonor X6, available in two colors, Titanium Silver and Midnight Black, for 4,999 baht, officially released on October 6, 2022. It has a screen size of 12 inches with a resolution of 1200 x 2000 pixels. The Honor Pad 8 has 8 speakers, making it available for movies, music and online meetings, and is available today (September 28, 2022) for 9,990 baht on the Honor Band 6, the latest smart band with a curved glass screen. 2.5D 1.47" AMOLED features workouts It also offers 10 professional workout modes and 85 sub-modes to choose from, as well as a blood oxygen monitoring featureSPONSOREDHonor Band 6. Available in one color, Meteorite Black is now available for 1,290 baht in the energy brand movement in Thailand. Synnec (Thailand) Public Company Limited As an Inner smartphone dealer in Thailand He said that later this year, there is an opportunity to see Honor's brand shop. Initially, it is possible that there will be 3 branches, which are now in discussions with commercial partners.
Apple cuts iPhone 14 production after demand failed|More than three weeks after the launch of the iPhone 14. Apple appears to have encountered a number of problems, particularly the line-up of some iPhone 14 models that did not meet its targets, prompting an immediate production cut, bloomberg news agency reported. Apple has asked its Cupertino iPhone 14 production partner. The problem with the iPhone 14 is that the body is not much different from the iPhone 13 that was released and launched last year. As a result, consumers are starting to look at newer models like the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max, which have noticeable changes, especially Dynamic Island. Start production of iPhone 14 in India It is also possible that Apple will turn to increasing production capacity for the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. Apple has already begun production of the iPhone 14 in India, reducing its dependence on China, which normally takes place months after the launch of the new iPhone, but in 2022, Apple chose to allow factories in India to produce the iPhone 14 just three weeks after its official launch. JPMorgan reports. Apple said it intends to have its iPhone manufacturing plant in India take over 25 percent of global production by 2025. The first phase should be iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus. There is not much complexity in production. Compared to iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max Source: Bloomberg
Meta announces permanent ban on Pornhub's Instagram account|Meta Instagram's parent company Notice of suspension of Porthub account The account has repeatedly violated the terms of use. Issued a notice confirming that Pornhub's Instagram account has been removed from meta's directory. Meta said Pornhub had repeatedly violated Instagram's usage policies. Pornhub offers nude, adult-based content, and sexual solicitation, however, Meta did not go into detail about the account's problems shortly after its account was permanently banned. Pornhub, as a victim, wrote an open letter demanding that meta's ban was unfair to them and wanted meta to clarify the reasons for the ban. Also, this practice of meta. As a result, people who work as freelance creators on the Pornhub platform It can be considered a marginalized group of people. There is a shortage of important marketing tools like Instagram Pornhub. "At the same time, there's a backstory. Because if it's a celebrity or a mainstream brand. Create content in a manner similar to Pornhub. The Pornhub account on Instagram was temporarily disabled three weeks ago, which they initially thought was only a temporary ban, but confirmed that the account ban was not temporary, but a permanent account ban.
Meta announces delay in hiring new employees Reduce team size Due to growth problems and declining revenues.|Mark Zuckerberg Meta's chief executive is set to stop hiring again. As a result of slower growth, to a decline in the company's revenue, another major movement of meta has emerged. Recently, Meta's employees have been alerted of the possibility of layoffs due to the need for the Meta to stop hiring and to restructure. During the company's weekly Q&A on the above issues, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder, spoke about the economic environment at this time that is not very good. There is also a lack of certainty, so there is a chance that change will occur. It's not. Mark's announcement Zuckerberg comes after a number of tech companies were forced to cut their headcounts in recent months. In the case of meta, it is caused by companies that are customers of meta. Reduce ad-related budgets, which immediately impacted meta's revenue in June. Several foreign news outlets have previously reported that Meta has stopped hiring new workers. But there are no definitive figures yet. META HAS DECLINED TO COMMENT ON ANY OF ITS KIND. It is becoming clear that Meta is entering the process of reducing headcount growth. Many departments have the opportunity to be cut costs. It should also be noted that not only meta has been affected, but the tech industry has experienced a sharp slowdown in recent months amid the economic downturn and higher interest rates on Google. Another tech giant is also in a situation similar to meta because they have already delayed employment. Apple section Start slowing employment next year Source: The Guardian
Google announces closure of Stadia, extinguishes cloud-based game plans, prepares to refund customers|After three years of operation. In the end, Google's streaming game service Stadia didn't survive. It will be closed in January next year, with refunds to all Google customers. Google Stadia, a cloud gaming service, will take effect in January 2023. Of course, what Stadia customers want to know is to buy all the products of this platform. Whether the hardware and software will be refunded or not. Google has confirmed that customers who purchased hardware and software through the Google Store and Stadia Store platforms, whether game or machine, received all refunds. If a customer purchases from a retail store, either Best Buy or Google Store as a storefront, they will not be entitled to the same refund as the customer who signed up for Stadia Pro. Google will not restore subscribers, but will continue to use the service until Google Stadia closes, that is, on January 18, 2023, in terms of the refund process, Google intends to complete everything in mid-January.
According to the Apple website, the iPhone 14 Plus was originally called the iPhone 14 Max.|The new iPhone 14 Plus was recently introduced in the iPhone 14 series with a screen size of 6.7 inches, but it seems that Apple initially intended to use the name iPhone 14 Max before changing its mind at the end of the news about the iPhone 14. Despite being officially released and released. It was revealed that the iPhone 14 Plus, which has a large screen size of 6.7 inches and replaced the small-screen iPhone 13 mini, was previously known as the iPhone 14 Max before a Dutch weblog called iCreate revealed on Apple's official website. In the category of support document, the name of the iPhone 14 Plus image file is specified in the name of iPhone 14 Max, where all the data of the iPhone 14 Max matches the iPhone 14 Plus in all respects. The information of the four iPhone 14 models on the Apple website in the section called Compliance was previously referred to as iPhone 14 Max in the model code A2886, which corresponds to the model code of the iPhone 14 Plus. On that website, Apple changed its name to iPhone 14 Plus as it was officially opened. In the last two weeks before the launch of the iPhone 14, all rumors that were spoken about the new iPhone 14 that replaced the mini model have always been communicated as the iPhone 14 Max. In the end, Apple recycled the name Plus once again, becoming the iPhone 14 Plus, as seen for the iPhone 14 Plus, which will be released for the first time in Thailand on October 7. Source: MacrumorsSPONSORED
dynamicSpot, Dynamic Island's clone app, has over 1 million downloads on the Play Store.|The launch of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max spawned the Dynamic Island feature, which inspired the dynamicSpot application on Android, which has now racked up over 1 million downloads. The feature of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max has become a hot application on the Play Store after it was revealed that it has already reached more than 1 million downloads. By now, Jawomo, the developer of the dynamicSpot application, has identified the application itself as early access and has been debugging and continuously animation. There is a chance to see smartphone manufacturers on the Android operating system, perhaps adopting the Dynamic Island of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max as one of the new features.
Meta finds cyber operations from China and Russia Expected to distort U.S. midterm elections|Meta Facebook's parent company Implemented a new cyber operation targeting U.S. users originating from Russia and China. It hopes to distort the U.S. midterm elections and the war in Ukraine meta. Facebook's parent company Meta recently discovered cyber operations originating from China and Russia. The objective is to distort political opinions, related to the upcoming U.S. elections this November, to the war in Ukraine. The cyber operation disguised itself as a well-known news agency website in the U.S. and Europe. In order to spread false information to social media. Cyber operations from China have targeted political issues and sent directly to the people of the United States on both sides, whether they are politically supportive of Democrats or Republicans. In the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the operation came from Russia. It has focused heavily on criticism of Ukraine. However, Meta has detected such operations from both Russian and Chinese sides and has removed posts from the platform.
Twitter displays edited tweets from edit button Edit button for the first time|The Twitter Blue account reveals the first display of a tweet edited from the Edit button, one of the features that many Twitter users are looking forward to@TwitterBlue. New features and paid Twitter user care services tweeted about the use of the Edit Tweet button for Twitter users to see for the first time. Hello, this is a test to make sure that the edit button is working and we will let you know how to use it further. If you look at the tweet on your Twitter Blue account, you can see that there will be a message indicating when the tweet was last modified, and then clicking on the last modified text will show you the edit history. This is only possible if the tweet must be tweeted no later than 30 minutes after publication, and editing is limited to 5 times. Other users can also see the entire editing history. Tweet editing features It's a great feature to correct typos on a particular tweet. Not to conceal or hide tweets that should not be tweeted at this time. Twitter's Edit Tweet button is still in the testing phase, but it should be available soon in the Tweet Editing feature. Users who will be able to use it must subscribe to Twitter, called Twitter Blue.
Apple announces AirPods Pro 2 for 8,990 THB|Apple announces AirPods Pro 2 It was first unveiled at Apple Event Far Out on September 7th for $8,990. AirPods Pro 2 prices have officially opened. Apple described the AirPods Pro 2 as a headphone that focuses on better sound quality than its predecessor. Apple says the AirPods Pro 2 can last up to 6 hours when noise cancellation is enabled. AirPods Pro 2 uses Apple-designed H2 chipset to deliver crystal clear highs and clear bass for AirPods Pro 2.
Tim Cook admits not to be in tune with the arrival of the Metaverse.|Apple CEO Tim Cook is the latest to speak out about the metaverse's arrival, and Cook admits that he is one of the people who is not too close to the new world. In many respects. One of them is the metaverse, and Tim Cook wasn't sure until now. Tim Cook also questioned living in the virtual world, especially the question of spending time in the metaverse, and Cook believes that most people are unlikely to want to spend much of this time in the virtual world. With Tim Cook not being in tune with the metaverse, that's why it's time to move on. Apple hasn't even made any plans related to the metaverse public. The closest thing to the metaverse on Apple's side is probably headsets, augmented reality and virtual reality, with the possibility of an official launch next year. Tim Cook seems to have little faith in AR technology because Cook sees it as a cutting-edge and profound technology, and AR technology can also serve as a teaching material as well as a realistic demonstration of simulations. IT'S NO DIFFERENT FROM THIS ERA WHERE THE INTERNET MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE FOR MANY PEOPLE TO LIVE WITHOUT THE INTERNETSPONSORED THE ISSUES THAT TIM COOK TALKED ABOUT THE METAVERSE THIS TIME. During Apple's tour of European countries, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, has invested more than $1 billion in the metaverse. In addition to meta, there are Disney and Microsoft in the process of creating a metaverse world.
TikTok reveals 33.6 million fake accounts detected in Q2 2022|TikTok revealed in its Q2 2022 Community Guidelines Enforcement Report that there was a 61 percent increase in the use of fake accounts on the platform, representing 33.6 million accounts, and Thailand ranked 14th among the countries with the most video deletes. The report covers the period from April 1 to June 30, 2022. In addition, TikTok reported proactive video deletion (pre-reported content removal) from 83.6 percent in Q1 to 89.1 percent in Q2, while videos deleted within 24 hours (when reported) increased from 71.9 percent to 83.9 percent, and the ability to delete unviewed videos increased to 74.7 percent, up from 60.8 percent. Thailand Section A total of 2,150,697 videos were deleted, ranking 14th in the world. Divided into
M Vision announces Thailand Mobile Expo 2022 from 6-9 October|M Vision announced the last Thailand Mobile Expo 2022 of this year, moving back to its original home in the heart of Queen Sirikit Center from October 6-9, returning to its original location in 4 years with Thailand Mobile Expo 2022 (TME 2022) at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. The event will feature promotions from well-known smartphone brands. Operators, dealers, accessories and gadgets to shop for ownership at Thailand Mobile Expo 2022 also feature an exhibition area related to cryptocurrencies. Thailand Mobile Expro 2022 and Thailand Crypto Expo 2022 were held in the area of Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. LG Hall 5-6 from October 6-9, 2022 from 10am to 8pm
Xiaomi unveils its photography flagship Xiaomi 12T Pro with a 200-megapixel camera powerhouse.|Xiaomi launches two new smartphones to enter the Thai market The issue of photography is primarily raised. Two models are available, Xiaomi 12T Pro and Xiaomi 12T, for 25,990 baht and 17,990 baht, respectively. The Xiaomi 12T Pro and Xiaomi 12T are the high-end smartphones with a 200-megapixel camera. The 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel macro camera emphasize photography, both low-light and movie shooting. The Xiaomi 12T Pro's camera comes with a sensor that zooms twice as much, leveraging the camera with a 1/1.22-inch sensor to capture the portraits you want. There is also a feature called Xiaomi ProCut and Ultra burst for creative photography accompanimentSPONSORED, xiaomi 12T Pro's chipset uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chip, which stands out for its CPU and GPU optimization. It has a 6.67-inch screen and uses a 2,712 x 1,220 pixel CrystalRes AMOLED display. It supports more than 68 billion colors and a 120Hz refresh rate, the battery comes to 5,000 mAh, supporting 120W hypercharge fast charging technology. Xiaomi 12T Pro uses the Android 12 operating system from the factory and uses the interface as MIUI 13, later the later Xiaomi 12T model. The emphasis is on photography as well. It has 3 rear cameras, a 108-megapixel pro main camera. The 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel macro camera retain the ability to shoot in low light conditions. It is a secondary version of the Xiaomi 12T Pro, so it uses the chipset of the MediaTek Dimensity 8100-UltraXiaomi 12T with a screen size of 6.67 inches. It has a refresh rate of 120Hz, the battery comes to 5,000 mAh, supports 120W hypercharge fast charging technology. Xiaomi 12T ProXiaomi 12T 12T Pro and Xiaomi 12T are available in 3 colors: black, silver and blue, officially released in Thailand on October 22.
The case flipped, with Elon Musk buying Twitter for $1.64 trillion.|Elon Musk, co-founder of the Tesla electric car, once again baffled the world. When he decided to reverse his decision to buy Twitter for $44 billion, a trial between Twitter and Musk in mid-October. Elon Musk, the world's richest man, must be suspended. Elon Musk's lawyers said his client was willing to return to the negotiating table for $44 billion. After Musk walked out of the deal, a lawsuit followed the acquisition of Twitter. Musk confirmed the original figure of $44 billion, or $54.20 per share, by returning to the negotiating table. INTERESTINGLY, TWITTER'S SHARE PRICE JUMPED 12 PERCENT TO CLOSE AT USD 52 PER SHARESPONSORED THE NEXT ISSUE THAT WOULD COME AFTER A RETURN TO THE NEGOTIATING TABLE. That is, the lawsuit between Musk and Twitter on October 17 is expected to be temporarily postponed, with what Musk will have to do from now on as a matter of showing financial collateral that can prove that Musk is actually capable of buying Twitter. Thus, the co-founder of Tesla He reversed his decision and eventually bought Twitter, although it is unclear when Elon Musk took Twitter. What will the world's richest man do with the Twitter brand, but it is believed that Musk should continue to build other platforms around Twitter.Source: The Guardian
Elon Musk shows Optimus, Tesla's first human robot prototype, expected to go on sale no later than 2027|Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk unveiled the first Optimus humanoid robot at the Tesla AI Day 2022 annual event late last week, which featured a unique way of walking out and waving to attendees. The event also featured a video demonstration showing the robot's ability to perform simple tasks such as watering plants. Musk said that the prototype robot used in this demonstration is fully automated without external control, and he plans to produce a large number of Opitimus robots and expects the selling price to be less than 20 billion U.S. dollars or about 751,800 baht (exchange rate as of October 3, 2013 is 37.59 baht per USD) and will be available within the next 3-5 years or no later than 2027. The robot is expected to have enough potential to become a more important business than the electric vehicle business in the future. : The Verge
Samsung Rebranding Galaxy Gift in new name Samsung Members delivers restaurant and lifestyle perks|Samsung Announces Rebranding Galaxy Gift under the new name Samsung Members offers exclusive privileges to Samsung smartphone users including restaurants, lifestyles and services from food delivery provider Mr. Chaiwat. Udomsrirungruang, Director of Business & Development and Sell-out platform of Samsung Samsung Galaxy Gift is a privilege application that is more than 10 years old, launched in 2012, and Galaxy Gift is considered a novelty in that era as it is the first and only smartphone manufacturer to offer special privileges to customers continuously over 10 years since the advent of Galaxy Gift, which has registered more than 20 million units. There are more than 70 brands that have partnered with Samsung and have used privileges from Samsung users more than 70 million times. It states that it was caused by samsung at that time. There are two separate applications, Galaxy Gift and Samsung Members, but to make it easier to communicate with Samsung customers, it has resulted in a rebranding. Eventually, it was merged into one. The database of existing Galaxy Gift customers can be transferred under the new brand Samsung Members. Mr. Chaiwat Samsung has increased its investment budget with more than 70 commercial partners and aims to reach 100 brands within this year in order to provide special experiences and privileges to Samsung customers specifically for the Samsung Members application.
European Union Culture and Education Commission Resolved to increase investment in video games and esports business|The EU Culture and Education Committee unanimously proposed to the EU Parliament that long-term investments should be made in video games and esports. Esports proved that it can overcome crises. Even during the pandemic, the European Union's Culture and Education Commission Preparing to submit a proposal to the European Parliament for additional investment in the production of video games in Europe Initially, 6 million euros were allocated through a program called Creative Europe. However, the EU Culture and Education Commission considered the money insufficient for development and proposed to increase subsidies to the EU Culture and Education Commission. It is estimated that the European gaming industry is currently in a shortage of talented entrepreneurs, and the video game business is still a business that needs innovation to enhance its capabilities. It's going viral. Members of the European Parliament have seen the value of the video game business, as the gaming business, the only type of creative industry, has grown well during the crisis. Therefore, it was agreed that there should be an increase in investment in the video game business, which should help the growth of the European economy, as well as new employment. European values through the establishment of the European Video Game Observatory to create cooperation in the field of data collection. This includes branding that will support the European gaming industry by creating a European Video Game label. European Union Culture and Education Commission There has also been a discussion about the sportiness of esports. The European Union's Culture and Education Committee commented that esports It's not a sport, so it doesn't have to be defined by the EU's sports regulators. This section is therefore very useful in terms of the intellectual property of the rights holders of the games used for esports competitions. The talks also included the subject of employment. Also, Source: VentureBeat
Delaware Court Temporarily suspended trial between Twitter and Elon Musk|A Delaware court temporarily suspended the trial between Twitter and Elon Musk as the latter re-entered the takeover. The deadline for closing the deal is Oct. 28, when a Delaware court judge temporarily postponed the trial of Twitter and Elon Musk. Completed the $44 billion acquisition of Twitter. The judge has framed the takeover as to be completed by 5 p.m. on Oct. 28. Musk is in the process of collecting money to keep the acquisition of Twitter in line with the agreement of both sides. If Musk This cannot be done by the scheduled deadline. The focus of the conflict between Twitter and Elon Musk is whether Musk will ultimately be able to raise money for the acquisition in a timely manner. Quinn, a law professor at Boston College, commented that the judge gave Elon Musk enough time to raise money to close the deal from Twitter while delaying the trial. The trial could also happen again for Twitter's share price. It fell 3.72 percent to close at $49.39 per share Source: The GuardianSPONSORED
Google launches Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro flagship smartphones in late 2022 using Tensor G2 chips |Google has launched the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro, the flagship of Google in late 2022, with a 6.7-inch screen size with QHD+ resolution, supporting a 120Hz refresh rate, and a reduced refresh rate based on design usage. Google has made changes to the so-called Camera bar, turning to well-polished aluminium frames. There are three rear cameras: a 50-megapixel main camera, a 48-megapixel tele camera, a 12-megapixel ultra-wide, and a 10.8-megapixel front camera. Google announced that both models use the Google Tensor G2 chip, stating that it has better performance than its predecessor. There is a processing system that uses machine learning to learn how to use it, along with a processor that performs security tasks. The Pixel 7 Pro comes with a factory Android 13 operating system, as well as an upgrade to the Material You interface and dynamic color theme. Available in 3 colors: Obsidian Black, Snow White and Hazel Green-Gold. Available simultaneously in 17 countries (but without Thailand) Delivery begins on October 13. Released at a starting price of US$899,000, it was later the Pixel 7, which Google uses as its flagship smartphone at a low cost. The specs will be reduced from the Pixel 7 Pro to a smartphone with a smaller screen size of 6.32 inches, Full HD resolution and support a maximum refresh rate of 90Hz. There are two rear cameras: a 50-megapixel wide camera; Of course, the Pixel 7 comes with the Android 13 operating system as soon as it comes out of the box, with a new version of the update for 3 years and a 5-year security patch.
Facebook warns more than 1 million users are at risk of data theft from hackers' fake apps.|Facebook's parent company Meta has found an application for cybercriminals. On iOS and Android operating systems, there is a demand to steal account information and passwords for up to 400 applications, most of which come in the form of gaming apps and metaphoto editing apps. The parent company of the popular social media application Facebook. At this time, there are more than 1 million facebook users. They are at risk of data theft in both username and password because they have downloaded hacker applications developed to deliberately steal data. It is found in both iOS and Android meta operating systems. Notice regarding the discovery of this malicious application On Friday, local time in the U.S., it was found that as many as 400 of these vulnerable apps were hackers. Let's start with the development of game-type applications. The app then lets users log into their Facebook account to unlock features that are better than basic functionality, but then the hackers who develop the app will eventually steal login information and passwords. At this time, Meta has alerted Apple and Google to remove the application from the store. Explain that cybercriminals We are well aware that these types of applications are very popular. So, then. So they created an application with similar functionality. To deceive users and steal their data. In addition, these types of scam apps often advertise exaggerated features to incentivize downloads.
Google confident pixel 7 and pixel 7 Pro sell well, order 8 million units|Google has a lot of confidence in its flagship smartphones for 2022, the Pixel 7 and Pixle 7 Pro. The Nikkei Asia report revealed that Google has ordered its suppliers to double production of Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro smartphones, with a production target of 8 million units. The reason why Google has ordered to increase production of the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro smartphones is because Google estimates based on the success of the Pixel 6 released last year, with a total sales of nearly 5 million units. It should be noted that although Google has been producing pixel series smartphones for 7 years, over the past period, Google has never actively marketed smartphones under its own brand, as evidenced by the release of the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro in only 16 countries around the world. Of course, the figures for Google's countries of release are very small. Compared to big brands like Samsung and Apple today. According to the Canalys Market Research Agency, Google's smartphone sales in North America for the first quarter of 2022 showed 1.2 million units shipped. Nikkei Asia has a market share of 3 percent, ranking 5th, but overall it is second only to Apple and SamsungSPONSORED.
Overlook shots. When Twitter is in the hands of Elon Musk|Elon Musk's decision to re-acquire Twitter is an interesting issue. When we see Musk's reversal, before the Delaware court proceedings, it must be said that Twitter and Musk He is scheduled to appear in a Delaware court hearing. Elon Musk argues that Twitter is a platform with too many bots and spam accounts, which has many reasons to speculate about its withdrawal from the deal, especially regarding the economy and the stagnation of the cryptocurrency market. It must be said that it is the best possible option because it is already taken into account. When it comes to opening documents on both sides by a Delaware court. IT IS POSSIBLE THAT MUSK'S SIDE IS AT A DISADVANTAGE. Musk's legal team made it clear that musk's legal team was at a disadvantage, so Musk tried to raise his earphones and pressed the button to move forward with the acquisition again after Musk returned to the stage of acquiring Twitter. Twitter and Elon Musk's trial have been temporarily postponed to allow Musk to collect money for the Twitter acquisition, but the judge has framed the takeover as to be completed by 5 p.m. on Oct. 28. The trial will continue in November in this case, and I'd like to point out that when the deal between Elon Musk and Twitter is over, it's over. What's going to happen next, I think, is what Musk will have to do, and then urgently do it: buy the hearts of Twitter employees, because we must not forget that Musk is someone who cannot predict anything. His decisions, from multiple tweets to Twitter tweets, are unsettling. No matter how. When Musk owns Twitter He must build faith in his own employees at the same time. Musk was so concerned about fake bot-accounts that he used it as an excuse to overturn a deal. When that day comes, actually. Musk's handling of this part will continue to express the same concerns as he did on Twitter at the same time. Many more outsiders I'm waiting to question Musk's freedom of expression. I used to say it on the day I wanted to take over Twitter. What is it and how do it work? Musk has owned Twitter for a while. Progress in this section has already been made, followed by the issue of how twitter's algorithm should look open-source. Whether or not it gives users the opportunity to customize their algorithms in their own way, or whether they are free to use Twitter's algorithms, these are all interesting questions. It's about the ecosystem that surrounds Twitter in the era of Elon Musk. Elon Musk has reopened the Buy Twitter button. He talked about platform X, which is not clear what it is. All you need to know is that platform X is everything (which doesn't make you know anything more). WeChat has become a model, i.e. the WeChat application. It's an app that is everything from chat, web browser, and a full-fledged app that spends on goods and services, so it's possible that Twitter in Elon Musk's era could do anything similar to WeChat. However, one thing that I think Musk will adopt the approach of the same Twitter executives is the so-called Twitter BlueSPONSORED. He wants Twitter to have multiple revenue streams, one of which is under a system called subscription. The point at which Musk and his team will have to crystallize is what functionality Twitter Blue should have, so that twitter users who don't have to pay for it and then use that money to nourish Twitter to survive without having to rely on advertising systems. There's still a subtlety to think about: Will Musk still have time to manage Twitter? Today, Musk manages Tesla and SpaceX and many other smaller companies. The most straightforward and obvious question is whether Musk can still handle multitasking perfectly (?), or will Musk finally find a solution to this by hiring a professional executive to manage Twitter in his place. It's an interesting topic for both Elon Musk and the future of Twitter.References: The Verge, TechCrunch, The GuardianSPONSORED
OPPO launches new mobile OPPO A77s and OPPO A17 focused on entertainment applications |Oppo Thailand Delivered new smartphones called OPPO A77s and OPPO A17. It was launched at 8,999 baht and 5,499 baht, respectively. Thailand Two new smartphones were launched. Oppo A77s and OPPO A17 have raised their slogans with a focus on entertainment. InexpensiveOPPO A77s It has a screen size of 6.56 inches with a resolution of 720 x 1612 pixels. The screen is IPS LCD and supports a refresh rate of 90Hz. The back cover of the unit is designed to look like leather, made of fiberglass chipsets, using Qualcomm Snapdragon 680, operating system to Android 12 when unpacked, covered by the ColorOS 12.1 interface. The SUPERVOOCOPPO A77s is available in two colors, Sunset Orange and Starry Black, available for $8,999 with 4GB RAM + 64GB ROM. The screen is IPS LCD, waterproof according to IPX4 standard, the chipset uses the chip of MediaTek model MT6765 Helio G35. ColorOS 12.1 The rear camera has two cameras: a 50-megapixel wide camera and a 2-megapixel depth camera. 5MP front camera OPPO A17 Available for $5,499 (4GB RAM + 64GB ROM), it's available in two colors: Lake Blue and Midnight Black.
Elon Musk reveals Beijing Starlink services are not allowed in China.|Elon Musk, owner of SpaceX's Starlink service, said the Chinese government in Beijing was "very concerned" about the situation. Expressing a clear intention of not wanting Starlink to open in China, SpaceX founder Elon Musk Private space transportation company In an interview with the Financial Times, Musk admitted that he had an idea to provide Starlink services in China, but the Chinese government in Beijing did not approve of it. Chinese Government Musk's assurances that he will not operate Starlink in China. Musk, however, did not make it clear whether he would comply with Beijing's request. It's not. When further inquiries are made to SpaceX As of this point, there has been no response or rejection at this time. Musk's electric car maker has relied heavily on China in terms of having a large factory in Shanghai, and 20 percent of its revenue comes from China. IN CASE RUSSIA CAN SUCCESSFULLY CUT UKRAINE'S INTERNET, SPONSORED AT THE SAME TIME. Beijing has not condemned the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. The Chinese government also offers satellite communications similar to Starlink. As Beidou launched in 2020, source: CNBC
Apple to deploy USB-C in AirPods and Mac family computers in 2024|Apple is preparing to switch to USB-C in 2024, with products in the group that have the potential to switch to USB-C. MacMark German from Bloomberg News Apple is in the process of transitioning from Lightning technology to USB-C in accordance with European Union resolutions that have made USB-C a central standard for smartphones, tablets, headphones and game consoles. In late 2024, German believes Apple will implement EU measures. Apple is preparing to apply USB-C to AirPods and AirPods Pro in its next product launch, as well as using USB-C on both Mac Pro and iMac computers at the same time. Usb-C is likely to expand its use to Apple accessories in the Magic Mouse, Magic Keyboard and Magic Trackpad segments as early as next year. German has previously reported that Apple has tested the adoption of USB-C in iPhones and has a chance to see it in 2023. However, in fact, Apple does not have to comply with EU laws until the release of the iPhone 17, or in 2025, due to the European Union's waiver to allow companies to transition smoothly to USB-C.
Amazfit launches GTR 4 and GTS 4 smartwatches, supports more than 150 workout modes|Amazefit unveils new GTR 4 and GTS 4 smartwatches with built-in dual-frequency GPS support for 5 major GPS systems around the world. There is an automatic fitness tracking function of 150 Amazefit modes. Two of the newest smart watches, the Amazfit GTR 4 and GTS 4, have been delivered, with improved GPS antennas. The case adds a 4PD BioTracker 4.0 PPG optical sensor, which measures heart rate, blood oxygen, and stress levels throughout the day. The GTR 4 is inspired by the design of a sports car. With a 1.43-inch HD AMOLED screen, the case uses metal as an assembly material. There are side buttons and crowns on the right for screen control instead of touch. Based on laboratory tests, the battery lasts up to 14 days. Available in 3 colors: Superspeed Black, Vintage Brown Leather and Racetrack GreySPONSORED, the Amazfit GTS 4 is designed in a minimalist style. The GTS 4 has a 1.75" HD AMOLED screen, 9.9mm thinness, 300 mAh battery life for up to 7 days. Available in four colors: Infinite Black, Misty White, Autumn Brown and Rosebud PinkAmazfit, GTR 4 and GTS 4 run under Zepp OS 2.0. By setting alerts when abnormalities such as high or low heart rate, low blood oxygen saturation and high stress levels are alerted to exercise to reduce stress, etc. The Amazfit GTS 4 is available for 6,990 THB.
Latest Rumors iPhone SE 4 Release 2024 6.1-inch Screen Notch Notch|Ross Young, a celebrity analyst known for Apple's data accuracy. Notchross Youngk, an analyst at Display Supply Chain Consultants (DSCC), told MacRumors about the iPhone SE fourth-generation (4th Gen), with the possibility of releasing in 2024. The size of the notch is unclear whether it will be wider or narrower than the iPhone XR, depending on whether Apple will install a dot propjector, a part that unlocks the screen with the face or Face ID. Other rumors about the iPhone SE 4, according to MacRumors, refer to other insiders such as MyDrivers, a website from China, and Jon Prosser. Given that the iPhone SE 4 is likely to have a design similar to the iPhone XR that was released in 2018, and that it could be the design guide in the iPhone SE series in the future, Source: MacRumors
Apple aims to set up MacBook production base in Thailand|Apple has the idea of expanding MacBook production to Thailand, arguing that Apple wants to diversify its production supply chain. Reduce dependence on China Ming-Chi Kuo Celebrity analysts with Apple insider data It was opened via private Twitter @mingchikuo with an interesting point about relocating a MacBook manufacturing facility outside of China. The information at the hands of Ming-Chi Kuo believes that Apple may choose Thailand as the location for macbook production in the near future. Production of all MacBook series computers Assembled at a factory in China. China is uncertain on many issues. IN PARTICULAR, THE LOCKDOWN MEASURES FROM THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, WHICH HAS HAD A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON ELECTRONICS MANUFACTURERS, TO THE GLOBAL POLITICAL CONFLICT WITH THE UNITED STATES. We have seen Apple move its production bases to India and Vietnam. By the factories of these two countries. In Kuo's Twitter thread, he said that Apple plans to increase MacBook production in factories other than China within the next 3-5 years, but so far it is unclear whether Thailand will be in this timeline of Apple@Ming.
Microsoft announces partnership with Meta to mold applications into quest platform|Meta Meta announced a partnership with Microsoft, with giants Microsoft taking on the task of developing applications such as Microsoft Teams, Xbox Cloud Gaming, and more into metasatya's Quest platform. The Microsoft CEO went on to say that Microsoft wants to bring the immersive Microsoft Teams meeting experience to Meta Quest so that people can have a new way of connecting with each other. Through microsoft and meta collaboration and microsoft teams, you can connect, share, and collaborate as if you were together face-to-face in the Microsoft 365 implementation section, Satya Nadella said at the end that the arrival of Microsoft 365 on the Quest platform means that users can interact with applications like Words, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook. Satya added that Microsoft is thinking and looking for ways to bring Microsoft 365 and Windows 365 capabilities into three-dimensional space (3D) to help drive productivity, creativity, communication and collaboration. In a completely new way, in the field of this integration with meta and Microsoft. One question arises: Has Microsoft abandoned its HoloLens development approach? Microsoft denied the news, but in no time, Alex Kipman, who oversees the HoloLens project, resigned from the company. After being accused of inappropriate sexual behavior for Microsoft, one of the companies that is interested in the metaverse, Microsoft's approach to the virtual world remains unclear. Despite the launch of a platform called Mesh, it comes out: TechCrunchSPONSORED
Russian authorities add Meta to terrorist organization list|Russian authorities Put meta into one of the accounts of terrorist and extremist organizations. According to Russian media, Russia's Interfax news agency The Russian government reportedly added meta. The owners of Instagram and Facebook platforms are on the list of terrorist and extremist organizations because meta has previously approved posts of violence against Russia. An attempt was made to appeal, but it was unsuccessful. However, this meta ban This does not include popular chat apps like WhatsApp, which have been owned meta in the past. There have been attempts to deny allegations that Meta is anti-Russian. Even in March, meta allowed users to express their hatred for Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Russian authorities have placed meta on the list of terrorist organizations, which means that Russian banks can also suspend meta financial channels in Russia. Russians are very fond of instagram apps. IT BECOMES AN INTERESTING QUESTION AFTER THIS WHETHER IT IS ILLEGAL TO USE INSTAGRAM THROUGH A VPN.
Even the owner was hit by Mark Zuckerberg's followers dropped to just 9,995, supposedly due to a system glitch.|Facebook, meta's social media platform, has experienced an unexplained decline in followers. This is the point. Even meta co-founders like Mark. Zuckerberg also experienced this problem on his own this morning. There is an interesting phenomenon on the Facebook platform, as facebook fan pages of many famous people. Experiencing an unexplained decline in followers, the issue is becoming more interesting. On Mark's Facebook page, Zuckerberg, CEO and Co-Founder of Meta ONLY 9,995 FOLLOWERSSPONSORED. Instead, he found that Mark's followers Zuckerberg remains at 119 million, according to a number posted on Facebook. There was only a false impression, but the interesting point of Mark's Facebook account. Zuckerberg is in the face of Facebook's people reach, likely to be in trouble because around 5pm on October 11, Meta launched Meta Connect, an event talking about a new product called Quest Pro, a collaboration with Microsoft, and progress on Augmented reality and virtual reality. Zuckerberg also appears to have only 2,000-4,700 viewers during the live broadcast. Especially the live broadcast from Mark's Facebook page. Zuckerberg
Mark Zuckerberg believes the Metaverse world should be an open ecosystem, ensuring Meta develops a better virtual world than Apple.|Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, told The Verge news agency that he did not hide his opinions contrary to Apple's beliefs about a closed ecosystem. It's not ready to launch its own AR and VR devices until at least 2023. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, spoke to The Verge news agency on a number of issues, one of which Zuckerberg said the ecosystem that Meta is working on is better than what Apple is doing right now. In his view, the biggest concern is not the development of the best hardware. Instead, it's more about ecosystems, with the development philosophy of the so-called "metaverse" between meta and apple very different. For example, Apple is a company that locks users out of their internal ecosystem. While competitors such as Android or PC are more open to creating the best platform for users, the metaverse should be like that. There is a belief that the metaverse world should be in an open system, not an Apple blockade. In a recent interview with Apple CEO Tim Cook, who spoke to a news agency in the Netherlands about the metaverse issue, Tim Cook commented that Apple was not paying attention to the metaverse trend. Admittedly, not in line with the arrival of the Metaverse, Tim Cook has also said that so far he hasn't been so sure of that until now. Tim Cook also questioned living in the virtual world, especially questioning how to spend time in the metaverse, and Cook believes that most people are unlikely to want to spend much of this time in the virtual world.
Intel prepares to lay off thousands of employees|Intel The world's leading chipset manufacturer More than a thousand jobs may be announced soon. Experiencing a decline in chipset sales As a result, thousands of employees are likely to lose their jobs, bloomberg news agency reported. Intel revealed: The world's largest chipset manufacturer Plan for mass layoffs, estimated to be no less than a thousand. Given the initial decline in demand for chipsets, bloomberg believes the layoffs are likely to have a clear impact on sales and marketing teams. About 20 percent of layoffs are expected, with an official announcement by the end of October. Intel's workforce is estimated at 1.137 lakh people worldwide during the covid-19 pandemic. Hard in the previous two years. PC sales are in a state of great boom. But at this time, the PC market is struggling hard, as sales fell by 19.5 percent compared to 2021, with about 68 million units shipped. And another factor that is very relevant is geopolitical and economic uncertainty that does not cause shopping in IT products and is excluded from the product options that need to be purchased. Also, PCs are not the first important commodity as they were two years ago. Intel, led by CEO Pat Gelsinger, is believed to have cut costs by the end of 2022.
Research reveals iPhone is the most popular smartphone among U.S. teens |Smartphones and other devices under the Apple brand are very popular. According to a Piper Sandler survey, iPhone is 87 percent popular, more than doubling from 2012. The results of the survey are released every half year. Apple is the most popular choice, Piper Sandler reports, with 87 percent of U.S. teens owning an iPhone. Interestingly, a recent survey by Piper Sandler revealed that in the last 10 years, apple's iPhone will continue to be apple's iPhone. U.S. teen iPhone ownership doubles IN 2012, U.S. TEENS STILL OWN ONLY 40 PERCENT OF IPhones," said Sponsored Piper Sandler, adding that the teens are using iPhones as a good sign for Apple. As a premium smartphone manufacturer Although the popularity of iPhones has increased significantly, the Apple Watch range is still not in sight, as ownership of Apple Watch is only 31 percent, but even so, the Apple Watch is the most popular smart watch among teenagers at 36.8 percent, so it means that about 5.8 percent of teenagers own an iPhone but don't use it.
Sony and Honda set to launch electric vehicles in the U.S. by 2026|Sony-Honda Plan to start selling the first electric car in the United States It will be built at Honda's U.S. plant dating back to the middle of last year. Sony and Honda have signed a joint venture agreement for the production of electric vehicles, with both Sony and Honda planned to go on sale in 2025. The latest Honda and Sony announcements have been postponed to early 2026, about a year later than the previous announcements in terms of both Honda and Sony releases. It chose to be available in the U.S. first, as it is a big market, and there is a positive response to the arrival of electric vehicle technology. Therefore, it was sold in its home country at the time of its time with the United States. Honda and Sony are expected to start delivering to customers in North America in the spring of 2026 and Japan in the second half of 2026, with a reasonable price level. Honda, for example, specializes in automobiles, it also acts in relation to cars. Sony specializes in sensors, software suites and other entertainment. Cars under the Honda and Sony brands are therefore not just regular cars, but also entertainment spaces. This is tempting to think about whether, with Sony being the producer, there might be some video game features. Sony and Honda's ultimate goal is to pursue the previously acquired electric vehicle manufacturers. Whether it's Tesla and BYD for the revenue sharing between Sony and Honda, so far no official source has been revealed: Nikkei Asia.
Netflix knocks on cheap, ad-delimited packages Starting November 3rd, there is no Thailand.|Netflix Announcing new packages at lower prices But at the cost of having ads. Priced at US$7 (THB 270) Starting November 3, it was piloted in 12 countries, but none of them have been in Thailand since Netflix. Netflix has been struggling to meet its revenue target and its membership decline, particularly in July, when it was revealed that Netflix had lost 9.7 lakh subscribers. As a result, Netflix must plan for the company to return to its excellent revenue as always. One of the strategies that Netflix thinks is likely to be a solution is to offer cheaper packages. Under the condition that ads must be included as part of the latest streaming viewing. Netflix The package has been announced. The new package will be officially launched in November, which will be divided into three rounds: the first on November 1 in Canada and Mexico, the second round in the United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Australia, Japan, South Korea and Brazil on November 3, and finally Spain, which will be available on November 10. It added that the new package, which has been introduced in 13 countries, is still in its infancy, and expects to expand its services to other countries. Over time, users who subscribe to cheaper packages with this ad will not be able to download movies or series to watch offline. The resolution of streaming video is up to 720p. The ad is only 15-30 seconds long, with an average ad impression of 4-5 minutes per hour. If users of this package watch an old movie, an ad will appear early and mid-story, but if it's a new series, the ad impressions are only available early on.
U.S. FCC prepares to drop requests for release of ZTE and Huawei telecommunications equipment |The U.S. Communications Commission is preparing to drop a request from ZTE and Huawei, which have filed a petition seeking approval of the sale of telecommunications equipment in the United States. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is preparing to reject a request to approve the release of ZTE and Huawei telecom equipment in the United States. The Federal Communications Commission argues that it is a matter of national security Jessica Rosenworcel. Chairman of the Federal Communications Regulatory Commission of the United States It presented a ban on the sale of equipment from ZTE and Huawei to three other committee members for final approval last week. In March 2021, the U.S. Central Communications Commission placed five Chinese companies on the so-called "Covered list" as potentially a threat to national security. In 2022, the U.S. Central Communications Commission added Russian-based companies to the list. Mobile and China Unicom with US branches Source: Nikkei Asia
Elon Musk urges U.S. government to pay for Starlink satellite internet service in Ukraine|Elon Musk is set to launch SpaceX, a satellite Internet service company called Starlink. Internet charges that at this time are currently in service in Ukraine. From the U.S. government after Musk's relationship with the Kiev government. Enter SpaceX. The company, owned by Elon Musk, has said it would not be able to provide satellite internet services. Under the Starlink program, ukrainians can no longer be free, asking the U.S. government to pay for this on Musk's behalf. On his personal Twitter account@elonmusk he added: "In addition to the terminal section, The company had to build launchers, maintenance, satellite replenishment, ground station costs, as well as increase protection measures against cyberattacks. AS A RESULT, SPACEX HAS TO BURN UP TO U.S. DOLLARS A MONTH IN THESE MAINTENANCE. Starlink can no longer be provided to Ukraine due to Elon Musk's relationship with the Ukrainian government. It's in a situation that can be called a crisis. Musk launched a Twitter poll to suggest a solution to the war between Ukraine and Russia. That has caused a lot of rhetoric online. Specifically, a tweet from Ukraine's ambassador to Germany to Elon Musk later. Musk has reportedly spoken directly with Vladimir. Putin President of Russia On the issue of Ukraine Before Musk came out to deny this, that wasn't true. Source: The Guardian
Apple was fined $19 million in Brazil for not including an adapter on an iPhone.|Courts in Brazil Apple fined $19 million for not including a power adapter inside the iPhone box. There is another problem in Brazil. When courts in Brazil Apple fined $19 million or 100 million reais in Brazilian currency Apple claims that not including power adapters in iPhone packages, from iPhone 12 onwards to iPhone 14, for environmental reasons, is a need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. In September, A court in Brazil suspended domestic iPhone sales for the above reasons, along with a fine of U.S. $2.3 million. At this time in Brazil, pre-orders for iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro products are now available, with both models still not included in the adapter.
Meta joins forces with Liverpool Launched the Reds kit digitally on the Avatars Store platform.|Meta joins hands with Liverpool as the first commercial partner in the British Isles Liverpool jerseys will be introduced to a digital platform for Reds fans to grab the announcement through an avatar on the metaverse platform. Please liverpool followers by announcing themselves as a commercial partner. After this, Reds fans who want to show their love for Liverpool can do more through the metaverse, including Facebook and Instagram channels. Along with hoodies and joggers with the Liverpool club badge, as well as new products to come, Meta and Liverpool believe that having Meta Avatars is a great opportunity for Reds fans around the world to get involved with the club in another way. This brings Liverpool fans' families around the world closer together. When physical relationships are sometimes not always possible for meta's Avatars Store, at this time available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Thailand Source: Meta
Develop wearables to help travel the world wide.|For many years, biometrics researchers have been working on it. Bio mechatronics, which develops prosthetics. Exo skeleton, which is a wearable device on the body to work in tandem, such as arms and legs, allows the wearer to walk and run faster with less effort. It can be used in outer space or the real world. Because these robotic devices are usually used mostly in the laboratory. The research team was led by Steve Collins. Professor of Mechanical Engineering of Biometrics Laboratory Stanford University in the U.S. has created a robotic boot with a motor that works with calf muscles. To give the wearer extra momentum at every step. This device is different from other exoskeleton available. The team explained that from experiments on the treadmill. Their Exoskeleton saves twice as much energy as the previously built Exoskeleton, as the team measured the force and movement of their ankles through wearables that provided precise assistance to users. This can be carefully controlled while the wearer is walking and keeps them safe without being annoyed. The ultimate goal of exoskeleton development is to help people with mobility disabilities, especially the elderly, to be able to walk wherever they want.
Robots make art.|Robotics technology in today's world is very advanced. We can see that robots do everything from cooking food such as burgers or working in warehouses. It's called breaking into many career fields. But the most advanced and relentless pace of robotics technology. This has forced human beings to hold back their thoughts and revisit how technology will affect their lives and society in the days ahead. Members of the House of Lords of the United Kingdom have invited the ai-da robot, known as the "humanoid robot artist", to be part of the inquiry to give lawmakers a better understanding of how intellectual property and creative labor could be affected by the advancement of new technologies. Mellor also attended the hearing. For the first time in the world, a robot has been used as part of a British parliamentary inquiry, I-Da told members of parliament that they rely on computer programs and algorithms. She uses an eye camera that programmes artificial intelligence algorithms, together with robotic arms, to make art, and also answers questions about the role of technology in creating art in the future, saying there is no clear answer to the broader impact of art, as technology can be both a threat and an opportunity for artists to create art. WHILE AI-DA'S WEBSITE STATES THAT THE PURPOSE OF CREATING ROBOTS WITH ARTISTIC ABILITIES IS TO THINK AND QUESTION THE WORLD AROUND US, AND ART NO LONGER NEEDS TO BE NARROWED BY HUMAN NEEDS ALONE.SPONSORED(CREDIT : Reuters video)
South Korea to launch digital ID running on blockchain in 2024, expected to create huge value|South Korea will use blockchain with digital ID instead of physical ID cards by 2024, reaching more than 45 million people within 2 years, estimated to generate economic benefits of about 3% of GDP. As more and more people adjust their lifestyles to work from home. Using digital ID will simplify data verification and make it easier for people to carry out activities, according to Suh Bo Ram, director of South Korea's Digital Government Bureau, who estimates that South Korea will be able to reap at least $42 billion in economic benefits from the use of technology, or 3% of GDP, within a decade. While McKinsey & Co sees the potential to boost South Korea's GDP by as much as 13% and reduce business costs by trillions of dollars, Hwang Seogwon, an economist at the Korea Institute for Science and Technology Policy, said that although digital ID can provide enormous economic benefits financially, financially, and financially, it is important to understand the potential for a $13% boost in South Korea's GDP. Healthcare, taxes, transportation, and it is rapidly becoming widespread among the Korean population, but more technological risk assessments are needed to ensure that the harm does not outweigh the benefits derived from Bloomberg, Cointelegraph.
Gartner 2023 Global Data Security Spending Expected The value reached 7.1 trillion baht.|Gartner Expected in 2023 global data security spending The value reached 7.1 trillion baht. Cloud security will grow at its highest pace over the next two years, Gartner Inc. said, adding that data security and risk management spending on global products and services is expected to grow by 11.3% to $188.3 billion (exchange rate as of Oct. 18 at THB 38.08 per USD). Organizations focused on ESG, third-party risks, cybersecurity risks, and privacy risks continue to increase, with Gartner expecting the integrated risk management (IRM) market to grow in double digits through 2024 until more competition and lower-priced solutions. Security services include: Consulting services, hardware support It is the largest security spending category, reaching nearly US$72 billion this year and is expected to grow to US$76.5 billion by 2023SPONSORED for Thailand. Spending on data security and risk management on products and services is expected to grow by 11.8% or approximately THB 16.7 billion by 2023, while security services account for the largest spending of business organizations in Thailand. Cloud security and Integrated Risk Management (IRM) will be the fastest growing market segments this year and next.
Apple unveils iPad Gen 10 in 4 colors using A14 Bionic chip|Apple unveiled its new non-keynote iPad, with the iPad Gen 10 coming with a 10.9-inch screen size and an A14 Bionic chip, a 12-megapixel front and rear camera. Apple unveiled the 10th Gen iPad 10th Gen with a 10.9-inch screen with a resolution of 2360x1640 pixels and an A14 Bionic chipset. The iPad 10.9's camera has one rear camera with 12 megapixels. In the design section of the Touch ID, Apple has moved to the top button of the iPad, allowing for smooth unlocking, login to the app. The unit also uses a USB-C port. The 10th generation (iPad Gen 10) is available in 4 colors: blue, pink, yellow and silver, starting at 17,900 baht for Wi-Fi and 23,900 baht for Wi-Fi + CellularSPONSORED.
Apple sends iPad Pro 2022 with M2 chip supports ProRes video shooting|Apple unveiled another new iPad model, but comes in the iPad Pro 2022 model that uses the M2 chip, the device supports ProRes video shooting followed by 4 speakers, Apple announced the release of the latest iPad Pro M2, available in two screen sizes: iPad Pro 11 and iPad Pro 12.9, which have 11-inch and 12.9-inch screen sizes, respectively. With the iPad Pro 6th Gen using the M2 chip, ProRes video can be shot for the first time, while integration with the 2nd generation Apple Pencil has evolved to allow users to interact with the screen through 12mm above-screen detection, allowing for more accurate drawing on iPad Pro. The 11-inch model starts at THB 32,900 for the Wi-Fi model and THB 38,900 for the Wi-Fi + Cellular model on the iPad Pro 12.9-inch model from THB 44,900 for the Wi-Fi model and THB 50,900 for the Wi-Fi + Cellular model.
Netflix updates 2.4 million subscribers Prepare to host a password sharing party next year.|Netflix As Netflix's latest subscribers rise by 2.4 million. After experiencing a steady decline in subscribers. At the same time. Netflix is preparing to manage password-sharing accounts. Without being under the same household, Netflix The world's largest streaming provider Netflix estimates that there will be only 1 million subscriptions, but with the arrival of interesting series Stranger Things, Sandman and Dahmer  Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story has a positive impact on Netflix. It was revealed that in season 4 of the series, more than 1.35 billion hours of Netflix has been viewed worldwide. Disclosed via letter to shareholders Admittedly, the first half of the year was a very challenging situation for Netflix, but from now on, it is believed that Netflix is returning to a point where it can accelerate its growth once again. The key is member satisfaction. Netflix series and movies have dazzled subscribers. Then more people will watch the content and stay with Netflix more recently. It can be said that Netflix It's very problematic. It's all about getting past the peak of streaming when the lockdown is over. People are starting to return to their normal lives, which is why the gradual cancellation of Netflix memberships continues. WITH MORE AND MORE NEW COMPETITORS SUCH AS DISNEY PLUS, AMAZON PRIME OR EVEN APPLE TV PLUS, ETC.SPONSORED FROM COMPETITORS' ISSUES, NETFLIX BELIEVES THAT IT IS DIFFICULT TO BUILD A LARGE BUT SUCCESSFUL STREAMING BUSINESS. Netflix said it was starting to manage password-sharing accounts next year. Those accounts have breached the terms of service due to misuse. Originally built for household use, it became a division of membership expenses, which Netflix will charge additionally, as previously tested in Argentina, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and the Dominican Republic.
HMD launches Nokia X30 5G, Thailand's first eco-friendly smartphone Use PureView technology|HMD Global, the owner of nokia brand rights, launched the Nokia X30 5G from the X series family, which is a mid-range but eco-friendly mobile phone with PureView camera technology. Nokia said it was the first Nokia smartphone in Thailand to come with a green-minded smartphone made entirely of recycled materials. From the machine to the packaging boxes that try to use recycled paper to replace plastic and chemical substances. This smartphone comes as Nokia X30 5G. Product Manager, HMD Global, said that in addition to the new Nokia X30 5G identity, which is almost entirely based on the eco-friendly concept of the unit, it consists of a 100 percent recycled aluminum frame, a 65 percent recycled plastic back cover, as well as a 100 percent FSC-certified paper box with a 94 percent recycled paper box and a smaller package size to reduce transportation greenhouse gas emissions. The f/1.9 aperture supports OIS stabilisation combined with a 13-megapixel ultra-wide lens. The f/2.4 aperture holds a wide angle of up to 123 degrees and a 16-megapixel selfie camera. Large aperture f/2.4 at the same time Night Mode 2.0 and AI Portrait and GoPro Quik App are built-in, allowing you to take photos, edit or edit images. It has a screen size of 6.3 inches FHD+ with a resolution of 1080 x 2400 pixels. The 90Hz refresh rate features IP67 water-dust resistance and an Under Display Fingerprint sensor, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 5G chipset, a 4200 mAh battery and 33W fast charging technology on Android 12. The first eco-friendly Nokia smartphone in Thailand with a cloudy blue body starting at 16,990 baht, available in Thailand. Today onwards
Microsoft lays off nearly 1,000 multi-department jobs worldwide|There is no certainty despite being a giant tech company. Microsoft has reportedly laid off nearly a thousand jobs, an Axios report said. Prepare to lay off a large number of employees at this time. The number of employees who are likely to be laid off is uncertain, but it is believed that there will be nearly 1,000 jobs. The departments with the greatest potential for layoffs are said to be the Xbox division, which provides game consoles, and military simulation units. Several terminated Microsoft employees have turned to social media accounts to inform them that they have been laid off from Microsoft, according to a Crunchbase report released last week. The tech company said it had laid off more than 44,000 employees this year, however, a Microsoft representative later sent an email to Axios. Microsoft regularly evaluates the company's business priorities. Microsoft has restructured accordingly, continuing to invest in businesses and employment in key fields in the coming year.
Apple fans are willing to spend nearly 1.5 million baht. Buy your first iPhone Unboxing condition|Big Apple Fan It has invested more than $390,000 to own the iPhone 1st Gen, which was first released 15 years ago, in good condition and unpacked by auction company LCG Auctions. The first iPhone has been announced in excellent condition and has not been unboxed for use even once. The auction opened at USD 2,500. After that, the value rose sharply, and hit five digits in no time. Before getting the final price for this auction for $39,339.60. The first model to be auctioned was an 8GB model with a resolution of 2 megapixels. The retail price in 2007 was US$599, or US$852 in 2022. The founder of LCG Auctions said the auction should have attracted a lot of attention from collectors and wasn't disappointed as it was one of the most active items in sponsored history.
Global smartphone shipments fell 9 percent in Q3 of 2022.|Smartphone manufacturers around the world are in a tragic situation. Global smartphone shipments for Q3 of 2022 fell by 9 percent. Released the latest report on smartphone shipments worldwide. The number of shipments fell by 9 percent as many consumers wanted to cut costs. The main reason for the decline in shipments was due to rising smartphone prices, but at the same time the smartphone market was saturated. In addition, supply chain problems, inflation, and many consumers want to reduce the cost of luxury goods amid declining shipments, but Apple and Samsung have seen slightly better growth. COMPARED TO THE SAME PERIOD IN 2021, SAMSUNG HAS THE LARGEST MARKET SHARE AT 22 PERCENT, FOLLOWED BY APPLE WITH 18 PERCENT. Not 14 percent increase, but 10 percent and 9 percent declines in Oppo and Vivo's revenue, respectively.
Technology Experts Disappointed metaverse world after spending over 15 billion|Meta has invested more than $15 billion to build the metaverse since the beginning of last year. It's still ambiguous as to what areas are being developed. Technology experts I'm disappointed at the metaverse. Last week, Meta hosted Meta Connect, the latest meta movement on the metaverse universe, which has now spent more than $150 billion or about 580 billion baht. About $5 billion has been spent this year, meta metaverse investments through a division called Reality Labs, which has been going on since the beginning of last year. Ais, a technology analyst at investment firm Wedbush Securities, commented that the metaverse is still a risk to Zuckerberg and his team. Because now they're putting a lot of money into betting on the future. Meanwhile, their core business is facing quite a bit of trouble at the same time. Iss admits that pricing the expensive Meta Quest Pro of U.S. $1,500 is a very high launch price, making it possible for high-end customers to reach only high-end customers. And it's not suitable for the average customer. This makes it harder to enter the metaverse on Mark Zigutovic's side. Benmark analysts say they are unaware of the spending of money on metaverse, but believe at least 60 percent will be spent on research and development to create a new virtual world that Mark Zuckerberg dreamed of. Sikutovic has made one more interesting point: at this time, meta is in trouble that they are not in a position to buy an interesting software company to complement the metaverse world. That's because the Supervisory Board has been closely monitoring every meta movement when someone disagrees with Mark. Zuckerberg, on the issue of creating the metaverse, must have someone to agree with, one of which is Ivan Fineseth. An analyst at Tigress Financial Partners said he believes in Mark's long-term vision of the metaverse. Zuckerberg cited as an example that on the day Facebook acquired Instagram, a lot of people laughed at him and said that Zuckerberg was crazy for throwing away so much money. But today, Instagram has become one of the great acquisition deals not just for Facebook, but for one of the world's best acquisition deals Source: Business Insider
Google reveals 250 million Android Go usage figures Android 13 (Go Edition) launched|After launching Android Go, an operating system developed for entry-level smartphones for five years, Google has recently updated its user numbers to surpass 250 million. Google has taken the opportunity to launch Android 13 (Go Edition), which has some very premium features. An interesting feature is that updating the new version through Google Play System Updates gives consumers the necessary updates instantly. Sponsoredandroid 13 (Go Edition) comes with Material You, Google's design language that was first introduced when Android 12 was released. Cheering sports team results or content tailored to individual users Just swipe the screen to the left. Given that Android 13 (Go Edition), a smartphone that supports this version of the operating system, will be released next year 2023.
Elon Musk plans to cut Twitter staff by as much as 75 percent after successful acquisition|Elon Musk has revealed to investors that if he manages to take over Twitter successfully, he will be able to do so. It plans to cut staff by 75 percent, the news of which came at a difficult time on Twitter. It later halted employment and affected employee morale, not least the Bloomberg News report. Elon Musk spoke to investors, stating that he plans to cut Twitter's workforce by about 75 percent as part of a successful post-acquisition deal. Twitter is slowing down employment as a result of the tech industry's economic downturn. Elon Musk's re-acquisition of Twitter has affected the morale of a number of employees, with some employees reportedly resigning from the company. Twitter has about 7,500 employees, and if a 75 percent reduction is actually made, it will leave about 2,000 employees to drive the organization. DEALING WITH MALICIOUS INFORMATION FROM USERS MAY ALSO REDUCE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF TWITTER'S APPROACH IN THE ERA OF ELON MUSK. In particular, revenue does not come from the advertising system, but in the form of a subscription-based model, etc. Source: Washington Post
Dell Technologies Launch of XPS 13 Plus premium laptop for 73,990 THB|Dell Technologies Send the new XPS 13 Plus laptop with a focus on its modern design. It works in all kinds of ways, capturing the gen-Z users of Dell Technologies. Dell XPS 13 Plus launches with 12th Gen Intel Core 28W processor redesigned to work exclusively with XPS 13 Plus. The unit has an improved airflow system without increasing noise and temperature inside the unit, and the interior uses a lightweight but long-lasting battery that supports Express Charge 2.0 technology, allowing the battery to be charged back to 80 percent in less than 1 hour. Emerging Markets Asia and South Asia Consumer Markets said the XPS 13 Plus's design focuses on its modern appearance. There is a simple palm rest. Dell XPS 13 Plus has 4 speakers that support both work and music. From movies to conferences, Dell XPS 13 Plus is now available for 73,990 THB.
Sony Xperia 5 IV launches premium smartphone with 4K HDR video at 120fps for 39,990 THB|Sony Thailand Sony Xperia 5 IV's premium smartphone price announcement highlights its compact design. Photo & Video Photography priced at THB 39,990 Sony Thailand Sony launched its latest flagship smartphone, the Sony Xperia 5 IV (pronounced the Five Mark 4), which Sony has focused on design. Sony says the smartphone fits perfectly on the hand with a 6.1-inch screen size of 1080 x 2520 pixels, while maintaining water-dust resistance according to IP65/IP68 standards. The 12-megapixel f/2.4 has a 40-degree field of view, and the third rear camera is an ultra-wide camera. 12 megapixels Uses a 1/2.5-inch f/2.2 Exmor RS sensor with a 124-degree field of view in videography, supported at 4K HDR up to 120 frames per second. The front camera is a wide camera with 12 megapixels f/2.0 in 83 degrees of field of view, and the Intelligent ActiveSony Xperia 5 IV has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chip, runs under Android 12, supports fingerprint scanning, a battery that comes at 5,000 mAh, 50 percent fast charging in 30 minutes.
YouTube Premium family packages are priced up in many countries around the world. In Thailand, the price remains the same.|YouTube raises the price of YouTube Premium packages in many countries The UK, US, Canada and Japan will start using the new prices on November 21. While there has been no price hike in Thailand, YouTube is raising the price of premium services in the form of family plans in many countries. It started with users of Reddit's forums who found that YouTube Premium service in Canada. Users in the U.S. also saw a YouTube Premium price hike, moving from $17.99 to $22.99. In addition, the UK rose by 2 from 17.99 to 19.99 per month, while the YouTube Premium price hike, which is considered the biggest hit to consumers in Argentina, due to the price hike for both individual and family packages. Individual services have now risen to 389 pesos (95 baht), up from 119 pesos (29 baht), and family packages cost 699 pesos (170 baht), up from 179 pesos (44 baht). EUR 5 In total, there are price increases of about 220 percent and 290 percent, respectively. The family package increased from 1,780 yen to 2,280 yen per month for Thailand. At this time, there is no price hike for family packages because YouTube officially announced the new price on February 21, 2022. Of course, this is difficult for subscribers, but this price hike will help YouTube improve its premium YouTube features and continue to support creators and artists that users watch and listen to on YouTube. The new price starts November 21. Source: TechCrunch
Huawei nova 10 Series launches, a 60-megapixel dual-facing front-facing smartphone to pamper vlog cables|Huawei Consumer Business Group launches smartphone from the Huawei nova 10 series, comprising nova 10 Pro, nova 10 and nova 10 SE. The latest nova 10 Pro series comes in three variants: nova 10 Pro, nova 10 and nova 10 SE. Supports both AFs at the same time The nova 10 Pro's body has a capability called Quad Phased Detection (QPD), allowing for a 30 percent increase in focusing speed, according to laboratory tests. Assisted in capturing blurred faces The rear camera of the nova 10 Pro has three main cameras: the main 50-megapixel camera; The 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel depth-of-the-box videography camera can record dual-camera video simultaneously with Front Dual View Video. It focuses on moving subjects by focusing on portrait video subjects, shooting clear videos of the subject but melting the back into a professional camera, and AI Colour uses the AI of the camcorder with our model still in color but the background becomes black and whiteHuawei nova 10 Pro. Available in two colors, Starry Silver and Starry Black, it is available for 24,990 baht, followed by a Huawei nova 10, the minor version of the series. It has a 60-megapixel selfie front camera. Supports AF and 4K Ultra-Wide Front Video Video, 3 rear cameras divided into 50-megapixel wide main cameras. The 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel depth-of-field camera also support VLOG mode. Using a 6.67-inch OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, it is available in two colors: Starry Silver and Starry Black. The highlight is that the 3 rear cameras are divided into 108 megapixel main cameras. 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera and 2-megapixel macro camera Supports 9-in-1 Pixel Binning Technology and Multi-Frame Fusion Technology to enhance image quality, the nova 10 SE's screen is 6.67 inches, with a high-resolution OLED of 2388 x 1080 pixels. The 4500 mAh battery has 66W fast charging, Huawei SuperCharge is fully charged in just 38 minutes and integrates smartphones with other Huawei products through the Huawei Super DeviceHuawei nova 10 SE feature.
Chatchat joins Thailand Game Show 2022 to awaken the gaming industry|Thailand Game Show 2022: Come Back begins at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center The first day of the event was lively, with Bangkok Governor Chatchat Sittipanu presiding over the opening ceremony of this year's Thailand Game Show 2022, held under the concept of Come Back. This year's 3-day event will be held from today, Friday, October 21 to Sunday, October 23, at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. The governor also participated in a game on the Nintendo Switch. SITTHIPHANT, SON OF GOVERNOR CHACHACHART, PARTICIPATED IN THE SPONSORED GAME EXPERIENCE AT THE EVENT. There are booths featuring world-class streaming service providers such as Twitch and other game camps that carry new games such as Level Infinite, HoYoverse, Bandai Namco Entertainment, Warrior of Gods, Riot Games, The Collectors and Kocca. Under True Digital Group,
Highlights new YouTube features to release zoom video magnification|YouTube is ready to release a new feature with highlights: zoom to zoom video magnification, select a clear range of clips, and adjust the dark mode design to make video clips comfortable. The Like Share Comment keypad and the word subscribe don't have to be as red as before, but it's even more prominent from the first day YouTube launched in 2005. But today, after 17 years, YouTube has many features available to both viewers and people uploading their own video clips for the world to watch. For example, YouTube knows that people who come to watch clips want to see the content they like, so it is designed to make the area in front of the video easy to watch and clearly watch. The button to express your likes, shares, or downloads, from the original with a large area, reduces the space. The subscribe button is designed to look clearer. YouTube has a new feature with a dark theme, which is displayed in connection with the video you're watching, highlighting a new feature of YouTube that is set to go live in the next few weeks, namely pinch to zoom video, where YouTube's demo video shows that it has 5.4x zoom, and scrolling to the front or back of the video clip precisely while the video is playing.
ChocoCRM, a Thai marketing startup Grab over 306 million Series C fundraisers.|ChocoCRM, a Thai startup in Marketing Technology, raises Series C funding worth over 306 million baht From Tech Matrix, Finnoventure Private Equity Trust 1 and Innospace (Thailand) to strengthen the Digital CRM Platform business in Thailand, ChocoCard, a Thai marketing technology startup that provides customer relationship management (CRM) and customer data platform (CDP) technologies to more than 2,000 customers in Thailand, has received Series C investments from Techmatrix Japan, Finnoventure Private. FINNOVENTURE PRIVATE EQUITY TRUST I AND INNOSPACE (THAILAND) COMPANY LIMITED ChocoCRM aims to become the number one in Southeast Asia by expanding the development of a Customer Data Platform designed to analyze data, enabling businesses to know customer insights and market more accurately and conveniently through the ChocoCRM feature. Omnichannel Marketing AutomationSPONSORED will also be developed in customer data analytics systems using AI and machine learning for in-depth analysis and predictive models. Another goal of this investment is to connect the Customer Data Platform with the Customer Relationship Management system in the field of Customer Service/ Contact Center with data sources from other platforms in order to have more data and to create the best customer experience for customers and expand the service both in Thailand and abroad.
Elon Musk is officially the owner of Twitter, immediately firing the chief executive.|Elon Musk, the world's richest man Preparing to take over the reins of Twitter's management The world's leading social media After reaching a $44 million deal, the tech industry's biggest news today is to mention Elon Musk's $44 billion acquisition of Twitter, which has resulted in the creation of the world's richest man. He was able to take over the management of Twitter immediately afterwards. Musk has reportedly sacked several Twitter executives, one of whom includes Twitter CEO Parak Agrawal, financial chief executive Ned Segal, and Vijaya Gadd, chief legal, trust and security officer of Musk's acquisition. It comes ahead of the mandatory acquisition deadline that takes place on Friday, October 28, at 5 p.m. U.S. local time at this time. If you look at Elon Musk's Twitter account, you can see that in the personal history area, Musk has called himself "Chief Twit", which shows musk's ownership of Twitter. There's also a chance to see the return of former President Donald Trump's previously banned Twitter account, to the news that Musk will cut his staff by 75 percent. It started with the richest man in the world. Has quietly acquired Twitter shares. But after that, Musk wanted to exit the deal he had created, claiming that Twitter had more spam and bot accounts than Twitter had reported to the stock exchange. For Musk to close the acquisition agreement as previously announced. As the court day approaches, Musk changed his mind and eventually returned to acquire Twitter. The requirement that Musk complete the acquisition on October 28 at 5 p.m., otherwise the trial between Musk and Twitter would resume.
AUTOPAIR Automotive Line Ratings Series A Over 70 MB. From Mitsubishi |Autopair, an automotive startup, raises over 70 million baht in Series A funding From Mitsubishi Corporation to expand new customer base and strengthen business Aiming to share 1% of the total automotive parts and spare parts industry market share by 2025, AUTOPAIR, a startup that provides software solutions for online automotive parts ordering systems. Integrated garage management system and warehouse management system for auto parts suppliers announced a fundraising worth of more than 70 million baht. In 2025, Auto Pair aims to capture 1% of the market share of the entire automotive parts and spare parts industry and generate annual revenue of up to 2,000 million baht. The company is ready to enhance the work process of the replacement parts industry from upstream to downstream and become the market leader in providing software solutions of the automotive spare parts industry in Thailand. Vajanapanich, Chief Executive Officer of Auto Pear Co., Ltd., said, "Thailand is currently undergoing a full transition to a digital economy, as a result of the adoption of technology and digital systems to enhance business competitiveness. The total market value is divided into spare parts costs of approximately 200,000 million baht and service charges of 100,000 million baht. Auto Pear has an annual revenue of more than 100 million baht. Auto Pair received seed round funding from KK Fund, a Venture Capital from Singapore, and Pre-Series A from Summit Oto Body Industry Co., Ltd., Thailand's largest auto parts manufacturer.
Elon Musk denies news of 75 percent of Twitter employees being fired|Elon Musk told Twitter employees that he has no plans to cut 75 percent of his staff as previously reported by Bloomberg news agency On Wednesday, twitter's new owner, Elon Musk, told Twitter employees that he did not plan to cut his staff by 75 percent at this time. It has a turnover of $44 billion. Chief Twit commented that 75 percent of layoffs, or 5,600 jobs, would do more harm to Twitter than good. ALTHOUGH MUSK HAS DENIED CUTTING THE MASSIVE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES, MANY EMPLOYEES ARE STILL EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER TWITTER'S NEW AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGES. However, there have been previous news that some employees have resigned from Twitter in advance. Musk has brought in some Tesla staff to meet with Twitter's heads of departments, although it has not been revealed what issues were discussed, but it is likely to involve the transition of the old executive's work to a new executive. Musk's desire is clear that he wants Twitter to earn revenue on channels other than the advertising system, meaning twitter should focus on a subscription system called Twitter Blue. Transition to "Super App" Similar to WeChat, it is a social media app that offers a wide range of services, including financial services. There is also a chance that Twitter will be developed to have a service similar to TikTok, all under what Elon Musk later calls "X". There was further news that before Elon Musk completed the acquisition of Twitter, he had completed the acquisition. Parak Agrawal, who became the former CEO of Twitter. There has been no discussion with employees for weeks now for compensation at Parak. Agrawal received $38.7 million in compensation after being sacked as CEO, financial chief executive Ned Segal received approximately $25.4 million in compensation, and Vijaya Gad, chief legal, trust and security executive, received $12.5 million in compensation.
Elon Musk plans to temporarily sit in the Twitter CEO's chair and set up a content review committee.|After Elon Musk completed a $44 billion acquisition of Twitter, the company announced that it would not be able to acquire Twitter. Bloomberg news agency reported that after Elon Musk, the new owner of Twitter, fired the management team led by CEO Parak Agrawal, CFO Ned Segal, General Counsel Sean Edgett and Vijaya Gadd, head of legal, trust and security policy. Specifically, the issue of bot-spam accounts on Bloomberg's Twitter platform. Elon Musk's CEO is likely to be temporary only because Musk intends to hand over to professional executives to sit on Twitter's top management post in the long run. In Musk's early days as CEO, there are still a lot of challenging tasks ahead of this new owner. Whether it is to grow the number of users. Twitter revenue growth and content retention followed at 1:18 a.m. on October 29, 2019. Elon Musk tweeted that he was prepared to set up a policy committee to oversee it. The desire of the new owner of Twitter lies in creating a variety of perspectives. This includes the issue of considering returning a Twitter account to Donald Trump. HOWEVER, TWITTER HAS ADOPTED THE SAME POLICY AND HAS NOT MADE ANY DECISIONS ON IMPORTANT ISSUES UNTIL THE SPONSORED COMMITTEE IS FORMED. The decision was made to return the account to former President Trump. What's interesting to watch is what the political reaction will be on Twitter. Whether it affects the political spectrum, including Musk's desire to make Twitter a town square, will be?Source: Bloomberg, TechCrunch
Many Instagram users have been notified of account suspension. Found some decrease in followers.|Instagram users around the world Experiencing problems with unusable Some users experienced a decrease in followers. Some of them have been suspended as Halloween in many countries around the world is starting and many countries are entering October 31, but they are faced with shocking news as instagram, the popular social app, is not working. Some users report a significant drop in their Instagram followers, while some users experience unusability. However, a number of users have been alerted by Instagram's system that their accounts have been suspended for 30 days. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by sponsored users.
Ming-Chi Kuo reveals iPhone 15 Pro changes side keypad to solid-state|Ming-Chi Kuo reports potential changes to the iPhone 15 Pro, a high-end model of the iPhone series, with the possibility that Apple has opted to switch to solid-state buttons instead of physical @mingchikuo side buttons. The use of solid-state buttons on iPhones is nothing new, because going back to the launch of the iPhone 7 in 2016, Apple has used solid-state buttons on the home button before, and MacBook products have also used solid-state trackpads. Ming-Chi Kuo stated that the iPhone 15 will be the first model in the iPhone range to use a USB-C port. It's just that the iPhone 15 launch schedule is scheduled for about the next 10 months, and everything can always change@mingchikuo
Elon Musk digs up old project, hopes to dust Vine back into service|Elon Musk, the new Twitter owner, still has work to do. Recently, the owner of the title of Chief Twit has signaled that he will restore social video application Vine to service. After cancelling it six years ago, Twitter owner Elon Musk A survey conducted on Twitter asked his followers, who numbered more than 112.7 million accounts, whether they agreed or disagreed. If he brings Vine, an application that offers short video services, back into service. There are two answers to choose between Y or N up to this time. More than 4.8 million people responded to Musk's comments, with 69.5 percent agreeing with Musk bringing Vine back to service and 30.5 percent disagreeing. The idea of bringing Vine back to service is understandable, as social media providers are now offering their own short video services. Prior to Musk's successful acquisition of Twitter, Musk had expressed his attempts to give Twitter something similar to TikTok, including the issue of being a super app like WeChat.
Elon Musk officially becomes Twitter CEO|Elon Musk, chief Twit, has officially become the CEO of Twitter. It was later revealed by documents from the Securities and Exchange Commission that Elon Musk, the new owner of Twitter. Become CEO of Twitter Although on October 30, U.S. local time, Musk responded to a question from his followers about whether he planned on working as CEO, to which Musk replied with a slight smirk that his position was Chief Twit, as written in his Twitter resume, but he did not know who was the CEO. A document that Musk himself has signed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's clear that Elon Musk is the CEO of Twitter, which leaves doubts about Musk's position and his newest company. Before handing over the sticks to the executives, the professional stepped up to take over the role after Musk took over as the new Twitter owner. Musk's first steps were to fire out the old Twitter executives, with news that he had sent Tesla employees to talk to twitter's heads, and Musk wanted to dismantle the Vine project, a short-lived social video application that pre-tick-to-be, as well as explore ways to increase the price of Twitter Blue from $4.99 to $19.99 in exchange for more features than the average user on Twitter's shareholder list other than Elon's. Musk, according to securities and exchange commission documents, has made it clear that there are financial institutions that finance the takeover, followed by Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter, and Crown Holding company of Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwalid bin Talal, all of whom will take a stake in Twitter's new company, X Holdings I.
Google buys Alter, an artificial intelligence company Paving the way for competition with TikTok|Google has invested around $100 million to acquire Alter, a company specializing in artificial intelligence. The aim is to drive competition with TikTok Google. Tech giants who, despite their lack of advertising revenue, are not hitting their targets. But it seems Google has no problem buying a company capable of driving artificial intelligence, Tech Crunch news agency reports. Google said it had invested $100 million to acquire a company called Alter, without revealing any insights into the acquisition. All that is known is that the deal was completed two months ago at the same time. Alter's team, including its founders, will reportedly become part of Google as employees. It is a company that specializes in avatar development or virtual identity for social media platforms and games. With two headquarters in the United States and the Czech Republic, Alter expects Google to integrate with the YouTube Shorts platform to become a competitor worthy of tick-to-k.
Meta Handshake TAT launches Rediscover Thailand project to travel across Thailand through augmented reality experience|Meta joins forces with Tourism Authority of Thailand Rediscover Thailand campaign promotes tourism in all 4 regions of Thailand in the form of augmented reality Simon Milner. Vice President, Public Policy, Asia Pacific at Meta "Meta wants to create the next generation of technologies in the social media world, especially the arrival of the Metaverse, which is different from the internet world we are using now. The launch of Rediscover Thailand is on the path of the Metaverse, a big project that Meta is stirring, which Meta believes can expand and unlock many more opportunities. MR. YUTTHASAK SUPASORN, GOVERNOR OF THE TOURISM AUTHORITY OF THAILAND (TAT), SAID THAT THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC HAS GREATLY AFFECTED THE TOURISM INDUSTRY. As a result, the tourism sector stagnates. Thailand used to have 40 million tourists a year. Only 400,000 people were left, Mr Yutthasak said, adding that when the country opened to new tourists, the country would be able to attract tourists. What the Tourism Authority of Thailand thinks is a change of mindset. Instead of focusing on promoting traditional tourism, more technology is needed. It focuses on sustainable tourism and digital transformation by adopting AR, VR, blockchain to transform tourism innovation. This includes transforming the business sector into a Travel Tech Company, which should see a clearer picture from the Tourism Authority of Thailand next year. The cooperation between TAT and Meta is considered an interesting cooperation to create value and enhance the tourism industry through the creation of a new tourism ecosystem, especially the use of modern technology to help develop Thai tourism to High Value & Sustainable Tourism in order to stimulate the demand for tourism and aim to create meaningful and valuable travel experiences in the tourism destination segment through augmented reality technology that shows the distinctiveness of Thailand's major tourist destinations, covering all 4 regions of Thailand. Starting from the north in Chiang Mai, it is a show of the appeal of northern cuisine in the Northeast. Presenting the legend of Phaya Thaen, the legend of Phaya Kankak, the Fireball Festival in Yasothon province, and the Phi Ta Khon Festival in Loei province, later the central region presents Wat Chai Wattanaram, an old temple of the late Ayutthaya period, and a demonstration of the making of silk cord roti, the famous dessert of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province, ending in the south. Viewers through AR technology will be treated to the Manora dance. For the exhibition of all 4 regions of tourism in AR format, you can watch it at the Creative Design Center or TCDC from now until 30 November 2022 (closed on Mondays) from 10.30  19.00 hrs@TourismThailand.
Xiaomi 12S Ultra launched, a prototype smartphone that supports Leica M-Series lenses|Siao Mi Smartphone manufacturer from China Take innovation to the next level. With the introduction of the Xiaomi 12S Ultra that can be removed and inserted, the prototype is a Leica M-Series lens. In the prototype smartphone of Xiaomi 12S Ultra that can fit and remove Leica M-Series lenses, the camera sensor is believed to be the use of a 1-inch sensor of the Sony IMX989. If it is really released, it can be considered a breakthrough in the smartphone industry, not least because it is a major upgrade of smartphone photography. It is expected that it will take many more years@aggasaurus.
Elon Musk plans to lay off 50 percent to reduce costs|Elon Musk, who is now both CEO and owner of Twitter, plans to cut staff in half, or about 3,700 people, to reduce costs, although Musk has previously denied news of 75 percent layoffs. He was reportedly planning another layoff. Musk reportedly has a figure of 50 percent for layoffs, or 3,700 out of a total of 7,500 Twitter employees, according to Bloomberg News. A Twitter representative declined to provide information on the issue of Twitter layoffs following Elon's arrival. This is the second time this time. It was initially reported that Musk wanted to lay off as many as 75 percent of workers, before later rejection for mass layoffs this time if true. The reason for the cost cuts is that the next step is to announce the cancellation of the Work from home plan, which Twitter allows employees to work from home forever. This policy was adopted two years ago. In the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic, of course, the cancellation of the work-from-home policy wasn't much of a surprise, as Musk had previously announced that secret lottery workers would come to the office.
Elon Musk plans to release a tweet edit button for all users|Edit button, one of the key features for Twitter Blue subscribers, may become a regular feature that can be used by all Twitter users. It's Elon Musk's latest policy to edit tweets. It's one of the capabilities twitter users have been demanding since its inception. Before that feature became a paid extra feature through a subscription service called Twitter Blue. Edit a tweet Through the Edit button, there is a chance to become a basic feature from Twitter's first big decision. Under the current Elon Musk administration Using the Edit Tweet button It is still only available to some Twitter users. Due to the testing phase, the membership rate is USD 4.99. From Elon Musk's point of view, he disagrees, believing that the tweet editing feature is ready to be released and that it should be available to all users. The membership fee is $8 in exchange for users being able to post long videos and audio files, followed by halving ad visibility, as well as priority replies functionality.
Warner Bros. Discovery and HBO plan to sculpt NFTs from the Game of Thrones series. |Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and HBO are set to release the popular Game of Thrones series as an NFT later this year after Warner Bros. released an NFT based on the recent film The Lord of the Rings. Game of Thrones includes avatars from the characters of the series, along with equipment, weapons, and locations that are the hallmarks of the series.SPONSOREDTs aims to bring Game of Thrones into the form of NFTs. Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and HBO wants to expand the fan base, and the franchise expansion of the Game of Thrones series, similar to the NFT from the previously released The Lord of the Rings movie, for the development of Game of Thrones into an NFT format.
OPPO announces OPPO A17k phone price for beginners 4,499 baht|Oppo Thailand Announcing the release price of OPPO A17k, a smartphone segment for beginners Featuring a large battery for 4,499 baht, the OPPO A17k is the latest smartphone released by OPPO. Thailand, which belongs to the OPPO A Series group. Given that the OPPO A17k smartphone has a selling point in terms of battery. The 5,000 mAh unit with 3GB of RAM memory and 64GB of ROM can be unlocked with a side fingerprint scanner. IPX4 waterproof support, 8-megapixel f/2.0 wide-angle rear camera and 5-megapixel front cameraSPONSOREDOPPO A17k With a 6.56-inch HD+ screen size and a MediaTek Helio G35 chipset, the operating system is Android 12, covered by ColorOS 12.1OPPO A17k, available in two colors: Gold Gold and Navy Blue.
Elon Musk announced the start of the Twitter layoff process this Friday.|Elon Musk sent an email to all Twitter employees, with the body of the email talking about a lot of layoffs. It is estimated that this staff cut could be as much as 50 percent of the total workforce, said Elon Musk, CEO and Twitter owner. The main focus of the email was mass layoffs this coming Friday, the New York Times and the Washington Post. Twitter reported on Twitter's dismissal, stating that it was trying to get Twitter on the right path. We will go through a difficult process of reducing our global headcount this coming Friday. Terminated employees will be notified of the news via a personal email, with Twitter emphasizing that the dismissal is confidential. It is believed that Elon Musk's twitter staff reduction is likely to reach 50 percent of the total 7,500 employees. Twitter's system and customer data on Twitter's staff cuts are also being questioned if there are mass layoffs. WILL TWITTER HAVE ENOUGH STRENGTH AND PEOPLE WORKING TO HANDLE THE U.S. MIDTERM ELECTIONS OR NOT? Many employees admitted that during the news of Elon Musk's Twitter acquisition, there was quite a bit of chaos, resulting in many employees deciding to quit before the deal ended.#OneTeam
Netflix is now available with a cheap, ad-based package priced at THB 270 in the first 11 countries around the world.|Netflix The world's largest streaming provider Their cheapest package has been successfully launched. This package includes ads. The membership fee is USD 6.99, equivalent to approximately THB 270. A well-known streaming service provider who, although in the early days of their business, raised the issue of ad-free streaming, later on, when Netflix's revenue fell. Netflix eventually called their newest package the "Netflix Basic with Ads" package with a subscription rate of $6.99. Available in the first 11 countries Includes: Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, the United Kingdom and the United States are available from today onwards, but in Spain they will be available on November 10, according to Netflix. Basic with Ads package: Members who subscribe to this package will see an average of 4-5 ads per hour. The advertising delivery partner for Netflix is Microsoft, which comes as a global advertising and sales technology partner, while the streaming quality of the Basic with Ads package is 720p. Members who subscribe to this package cannot watch due to license restrictions, content that cannot be viewed will be displayed with a padlock icon, and this package does not include an offline download feature. The addition of the Basic with Ads package is a big change for Netflix because Netflix was originally considered a disruptive service provider in the streaming and TV series industry. Watching the series in a single glance doesn't have to wait until next week, but with unmatched revenue and declining subscribers, that's why Netflix needs a new adaptation: The Verge.
Manchester City unveils Cityplay wearables to enhance the quality of football|Manchester City have launched a second high-tech product, Cityplay, a tracking device to enhance the quality of Manchester football. City, the premier league's second-placed team. Cityplay is manchester city's second high-tech device dating back to late July. The Blue Sail Team has launched a smart scarf, which is a collaboration with Cisco. But this time, Manchester City have partnered with playmakers, developers of football equipment Read more: Manchester City partner with Cisco to develop smart scarves to enhance the football experience Cityplay has now been put into practice in Manchester's youth team. The information that will appear on this device includes: First touch, dribbling, as well as physical features such as player speed and agility, which are sensors in the form of lightweight silicone rubber expected on the player's football boots. In addition, the app also has a training schedule to enhance the quality of being a professional football player. The training schedule includes solo training and training with teammates for the price of using Cityplay in the form of a package. Starting at USD 149 for 6 months, yearly $189 a year and $239 a year, with a monthly membership fee of $9.
Elon Musk Mastodon effect reveals over 70,000 active users After Twitter was shut down|Mastodon Social Media Platform More than 70,000 users This part of the users migrated from Twitter, a platform that was recently acquired by Elon Musk in the aftermath of Elon Musk's twitter acquisition last week, which has resulted in some Twitter users becoming immigrants in the social media world, looking for new platforms to use. Since Elon Musk reached an agreement to acquire Twitter last week, he has been in talks with the U.S. Marshals Service. As a result, more Twitter users are moving to the Mastodon platform. Mastodon is a left-wing political social media platform founded about six years ago and is decentralized, making it not controlled by a single company or a billionaire. But overall, it's still difficult for the average user because they need to understand the new applications on this platform in addition to mastodons. Twitter users who are moving away from the camp are also looking at Bluesky, a social media platform developed by Jack Dorsey, twitter's former CEO and co-founder. Blue Sky lacks clarity on when it will be availableSPONSORED Source: The Guardian
Open a Twitter email to an employee who hasn't been laid off, waiting to hear about the exciting future.|Some Twitter employees have come across bad news because they have been laid off. But some of them have gone further, and most recently received an email from a Twitter company owned by Elon Musk. After Elon Musk took over his shares, twitter ownership was a blitzkrieg move to lay off the company, from CEO to general staff, with news spreading throughout the week that Elon Musk is preparing to lay off up to 3,500 employees, or half of its 7,500 employees. Business Insider has revealed a letter sent via email from human resources. The company tweeted to employees who were not laid off on Friday morning, Nov. 4, local time in the United States, with the content beginning to say thank you to employees who have continued to be hired for being patiently in a transitional situation and fulfilling their assigned duties. THE EMAIL READS "CONFIRMS THAT YOU ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THE STAFF REDUCTION PLAN"SPONSORED AN EMAIL ALSO RECOUNTS WHAT ELON MUSK HAS DONE OVER THE PAST WEEK, THAT HE SPENDS TIME WITH A NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, GOVERNMENT POLICYMAKERS, AND TWITTER USERS, AND IS PREPARING TO COMMUNICATE HIS VISION FOR TWITTER SOON. On the path to Twitter's exciting future
A former Twitter employee sued the company after being fired without giving 60 days' notice.|Former Twitter employees have joined forces to sue their former company that is now under Elon's management. Musk, because the company didn't give notice of the dismissal 60 days in advance of the law, tweeted that it would have to go to court again. When a former Twitter employee gathered to sue the company. After the arrival of a new owner, Elon. Musk pointed out in the lawsuit. A former Twitter employee clarified that employees were not told enough about their termination. Both federal and California labor-related laws, known as the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN), state that a company's termination of employment must be notified to employees at least 60 days prior to the dismissal notice. Five former Twitter employees are the plaintiffs. The lawsuit was filed in San Francisco District Court. One of the plaintiffs was fired from the company, but the other three were locked out of the company and unable to access the company's network. It is expected that all 3 will soon be fired from their jobs Read more: Open a Twitter email to an employee who has not been laid off Looking forward to hearing the exciting future of Twitter's staff cuts, so far it's unclear how many layoffs will be available. But the latest figures are believed to be as much as 50 percent, or 3,500 out of a total of about 7,500 employees. Elon Musk's Twitter account has not commented on the matter in relation to lawsuits related to labor laws. Elon Musk's character isn't new because Musk was once sued by a former Tesla employee in a class action lawsuit, with the reason for the lawsuit being similar to the lawsuit filed by a former Twitter employee.
Elon Musk reveals twitter revenue loss, average loss of 148 million baht per day|Elon Musk is ending his first week as Twitter owner. Revenue continued to decline as brands stopped buying ads. As a result, with a loss of $4 million per day, twitter's internal situation is considered to be no less chaotic. From new CEO and owner Elon Musk cutting down staff to disqualifying access to Twitter's internal systems for employees who may not be next to The Associated Press. Guardian Twitter employees take the time to say goodbye to each other, he said. Twitter's employees are believed to have been cut off from the company's system by as much as 50 percent of the company's 7,500 employees, said Joel Roth, Twitter's global head of website integrity. THE FIGURES WERE LATER CONFIRMED BY ELON MUSK, OWNER AND CEO OF TWITTER. Accept that leading brands advertise with Twitter. Audi, GM and Pfizer have stopped buying ads on Twitter due to the company's chaos and uncertainty. Stop buying ads on Twitter, citing the ability to moderate content and manage hate speech on the platform when advertisers pull back the money they spent on Twitter. Musk admits that Twitter is losing more than $4 million a day. When Twitter has a large number of staff cuts, will it affect content stewardship? Especially in the U.S., which is entering the midterm election process, how long will twitter's absence affect the creation of fake news on the platform? At this time, the staff in charge of content from the human rights team, communications team and machine learning ethics, transparency and responsibility team has been fired and scaled down. Confirm that nothing has been changed. To twitter content moderation process and procedures Source: The Guardian
Facebook aims to lay off thousands of employees Wait for Wednesday's results.|Facebook's parent company, META, is set to announce plans for layoffs on Wednesday. Thousands are expected to lose their jobs. Despite the sad news of Facebook employees, investors responded positively, with META shares jumping 6.33% to $93.85 per share. At the opening of the stock market on Monday morning in the United States, news of Facebook's layoffs went viral throughout the day. Facebook is expected to announce plans for layoffs on Wednesday local time in the United States. Thousands of employees may be laid off from the world's existing 87,000 employees, and news has emerged from Facebook employees that they will refrain from non-essential travel this week. Facebook's founder and CEO has previously signaled that the world's No. 1 billionaire, The Wall Street Journal, has been identified as the world's No. 1 billionaire. It was revealed earlier that in 2023 or next year, it will be very important to invest in what makes Meta's business grow, which means that some of its teams will be significantly expanded and some teams will not expand or decrease in the meta situation. It's no different from many tech giants, which have added a lot of employees in recent years and have been in line with layoffs over the past several months. For Facebook, before changing to the meta company name, In 2020 and 2021, 27,000 employees were added, and in the first nine months of this year, 15,344 employees were added.
Twitter calls for some of the fired employees to resume work The quote was an unintended mistake.|It's another bit of headline news for Twitter, as bloomberg reports. Twitter said it had reached out to some of the employees who had fired earlier. He said the layoff process was an unintentional mistake, bloomberg news agency reported. Elon Musk later took over Twitter's empire. However, after the layoffs, Twitter reportedly contacted some of its employees to persuade them to return to work, claiming that the process of laying workers was unintentional. Twitter also stated that these employees It is vital to build a platform based on the approach of new owners like Elon. Musk from the above points. Twitter has not commented on this, but all of that may be because an officer working in communications for Twitter may have already been laid off. Last week, a former Twitter employee sued their former company as a group for not receiving adequate notice before they were fired, violating U.S. federal labor protection laws and California law. It's not. The company must notify employees 60 days in advance before a large number of employees are terminated.SPONSORED Source: Bloomberg
Production of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max delayed due to lockdown in China |Beijing's strict policies As a result, production of Apple's high-end smartphones such as the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max has been delayed. For consumers who want to own it, it's bad news for Apple fans who want to own the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max because the production process of these two high-end smartphones has been delayed due to the lockdown in China, which directly affects production. The factory, which manufactures the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max, is located in Zhengzhou, China. A new lockdown is underway, according to Chinese government guidelines. As a result, production has dropped significantly. Recognize and acknowledge that the demand for iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max is very high. However, given the situation, Apple's negative assessment of the delivery of these two smartphone models has fallen from expectations, and that has led to consumers having to wait longer. When looking at Apple's official website in front of products related to iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max, what I found was that Apple had placed the shipping framework at 4-5 weeks. With the relocation of some iPhone production bases to India. But so far, iPhone production in India has remained only standard models. That is to say, it is produced in the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 PlusSPONSORED models.
Apple is preparing to change the way Siri is run from Hey Siri to just one word.|According to a recent report, Apple is preparing to change the phrase "Hey Siri" from "Hey Siri" to a single word, Siri, to simplify the use of Mark German from Bloomberg News. Apple has said in recent months that it is planning to simplify the use of Siri to just "Siri" from the original "Hey Siri" message, which is expected to change in 2024. The report goes on to say that this change seems trivial, but in terms of Siri's back-office engineering process, it's not easy. It is also difficult in terms of accents and dialects that Apple has to change the term Siri from Hey Siri to Siri. Both Amazon, which can use the word Alexa without saying Hey Alexa, and Microsoft, which simply calls Cortana, do not have to have the prefix "Hey". If Apple can fix this section, that demonstrates Apple's superiority to Google.
Sony Thailand New PlayStation 5 (PS5) bookings open November 9 Start at 11.00 a.m.|Sony Store Thailand fan page opens PlayStation 5 pre-orders for November, with 3 models available, highlighted by bundles with God of War Ragnarok The official fan page of Sony Store Thailand announces the latest PS5 pre-orders for November, with pre-orders available on November 9, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. Santa Monica Studio is the God of War Ragnarok Studio: 1. PlayStation 5, God of War Ragnarok Bundle with DualSense, and TV 55X90K at a special price of 51,990 Baht2. God of War Ragnarok Bundle with DualSense Price 20,790 THB3. The model has an Ultra HD Blu-ray reading slot, priced at 18,690 baht, with Sony ordering conditions stating that you should follow it via Facebook LiveSPONSORED.
Twitter reveals highest user growth of all time Under the management of Elon Musk|Twitter said its user growth hit an all-time high. After the first week of Elon Musk's Twitter administration, will user growth be able to attract advertisers to buy ads with Twitter again? Also a question mark, The Verge news agency received an internal document of Twitter. Since taking over as Elon Musk's official Twitter executive last week, he said: The number of active users has grown to the highest of all time, the report said. It claims that the growth of mDAU (monetizable daily active users) has increased by 20 percent to 15 million. It is in a situation of continued growth. Interestingly, if the numbers are true, it means that the migration of Twitter users to other platforms is something that has not happened despite the growth in Twitter user numbers. Elon Musk admits Twitter is losing $4 million a day on issues with activists saying that since Elon Musk took over Twitter, hate speech has increased significantly. Twitter later denied it, confirming that the figure was 0.25-0.45 percent, which is a normal number.
Instagram launches new web page Focus on modernity, cleanliness. Easy to use|Instagram head announces new Instagram web page At the same time, he introduced a 75-day preset tool, Adam. Mosseri Meta's subsidiary, Instagram's chief product company, has introduced a new Instagram website that focuses on cleanliness, speed and user-friendliness. Instagram has been designed by placing a menu button on the sidebar on the left to make it easier to use Instagram on the website, and most importantly, not to take up space from the image and video feed display area to the area where IG Stories is displayed. Despite the changes in the front end of Instagram's website, Instagram has insisted that it will not develop applications for iPad users, arguing that there will not be enough users on devices like iPads to the point of developing a dedicated app. Instagram is also trying to encourage users on iPads to use Instagram as a web browser through the Safari app, because it has the same capabilities as the desktop at the same time. Mosseri also talked about setting up a pre-post. It can be set for up to 75 days, a feature that will be available soon Source: 9to5mac
Netflix to invest in live sports business Expand the market beyond movies and series|Netflix Netflix is looking for new investment channels by entering the live sports business to expand the market beyond the film and TV series business, Bloomberg news agency reported. The world's largest streaming provider Looking for an opportunity to expand its own business, targeting the sports broadcasting business, it was reported that Netflix had recently submitted an offer for the rights to live tennis. ATP Tours for some European countries covering the UK and France Before deciding to withdraw at the end of Netflix. It declined to comment on the issue, saying the incident was similar to the beginning of the year at Netflix. Netflix made an offer to buy the broadcast rights to the Formula 1 race, better known as Formula 1, but lost the auction to Disney. Netflix's attempts to enter live sports were not the first, as late last year Netflix was interested in buying a small, non-expensive sports league. It hoped to use Netflix's internal force to raise awareness about the sports league that Netflix acquired the rights to, but ultimately failed due to the inability to agree on a price. This is due to the presence of many competitors. Also, in the big picture. Netflix's approach wasn't so new for streaming providers, as major Apple announced a live broadcast partnership with Major League Baseball, screening Friday Night Baseball on Apple TV+. Earlier this year, Netflix was considered to be the producer of a number of sports documentaries, most notably The Last Dance, Michael Jordan's final documentary with the Chicago Bulls, and this year launched the 2008 documentary The Redeem Team of the U.S. men's basketball team, which had to excuse its failure at the 2004 Olympics.
  Mark Zuckerberg 'I'm so sorry'.  Meta dismisses tens of thousands of people around the world.|Meta announced tens of thousands of layoffs worldwide. CEO Mark Zuckerberg apologized. On November 9, 2022, the BBC reported that Meta, the owner of social giants Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp, issued a statement announcing the layoffs of 11,000 employees, or 13% of the world's total workforce. 87,000 marks. Zuckerberg, CEO of Meta "Layoffs are the most difficult change we've ever made in meta's history. 'I know it's going to be difficult for everyone, I'm deeply sorry, especially for the affected employees,' SPONSORED Mark said. Zuckerberg has blamed long-term expectations for growth based on increased corporate revenue during the COVID-19 pandemic. I have decided to significantly increase our investment, but then there has been a slump in macroeconomics. Increased competition is causing our annual revenue to fall below expectations. I made a mistake, and I take responsibility for it," Mark Zuckerberg apologized to tens of thousands of Meta employees around the world.
Foxconn puts strict measures in place to prevent COVID-19 Even the lockdown in Zhengzhou city has ended.|Zhengzhou's economic community has returned to normal after the lockdown, with Foxconn's iPhone 14 manufacturing plant confirming it continues to tighten restrictions in Zhengzhou, home to the world's largest iPhone 14 manufacturing plant. The city has announced the end of the lockdown, resulting in another normal way of life. Many areas of Zhengzhou are classified as high-risk. As a result, people in those areas are restricted in their movements. The iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro production areas of the Foxconn plant have been identified as temporary control areas to avoid virus outbreaks. Foxconn has insisted that it will impose strict measures in line with local government guidelines, although it is difficult because the plant employs up to 300,000 workers, which is the biggest concern for Apple, from Zhengzhou local governments to some central Chinese states. There is a strict restriction on the return of COVID-19. In addition, the production of iPhone 14, especially in iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max models, has been delayed, which at this time takes up to 4-5 weeks. Foxconn is also reportedly facing the problem of employees fleeing the plant. To avoid being confined to the factory only. For this reason, Foxconn increased its incentive by providing 500 yuan in extra money to each employee and four times the daily bonus to 400 yuan.
Elon Musk's Twitter Blue is now available at a discounted price of $8.|Elon Musk brings Twitter Blue back to service At a special price of $8 with a Twitter verification mark, which is overseen by Elon Musk, a revised version of Twitter Blue has been released to the iOS app store. It is available for $8. Other benefits of being willing to pay a Twitter Blue membership range from being placed in the top of the Twitter platform, 50 percent less chance of seeing ads, posting videos longer, customizing app icons, and piloting new features before anyone else. Accounts that have previously received a Twitter check mark and are not a member of Twitter Blue may have to go through another verification process and can be confiscated at any time for accounts that have been directly verified by Twitter that have not been cliented through Twitter. Blue, government, government and media accounts. It is expected that a difference will be made after the launch of Twitter Blue. After a crash in last Saturday's release, source: The Verge
YouTube Premium and YouTube Music saw an increase of 30 million users. In just one year.|YouTube Music, a music and premium service that is Google's ad-free YouTube, has grown to 30 million subscribers. In just one year. This brings the total number of users to 80 million, which is a leap from what YouTube used to do. In September last year, this growth can be said that both YouTube, Music and YouTube Premium have received very good feedback and are growing rapidly. However, Google does not report the number of users separately on YouTube Music and YouTube platforms. YouTube is available with a closed screen, supports downloading clips to watch offline, and YouTube Premium membership can also access YouTube Music by using YouTube. YouTube Music has not been officially announced, so it is very difficult to analyze how much of YouTube Music's user base is. Compared to Apple Music with 78.6 million active users and Spotify with 188 million.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
The tidal wave didn't stop, and many of Twitter's top executives resigned.|Twitter, under Elon Musk, caused another wave of chaos. With several senior executives deciding to leave the company, the Twitter crisis continued. Chipper The Platformer's editor-in-chief revealed on her Twitter account that Joel Roth, Twitter's global head of website integrity, has been arrested. From where Twitter is now After two weeks under Elon Musk's management, he was forced to resign. Twitter has lost a cyber security executive, Lea. Christer and Robin Wheeler The head of the marketing and sales team has made many parties worried about the potential crisis on Twitter. Interestingly, under Elon Musk, both Roth and Wheeler seemed to have a clear role, but it was shocking because they eventually asked to quit Twitter. Kieran, Head of Privacy Policy and Maria Ann Fogarti Overall, Twitter has lost five key members of its core force in just one day. Elon Musk could be, reflecting a wave of employee resignations that eventually led to SOURCE: Bloomberg, TechCrunch
Elon Musk cancels remote work Reiterate that you must work at least 40 hours a week at the office.|It's been nearly two weeks since Elon Musk took control of Twitter. Speaking to employees via email, the focus of the work-from-home order and the fight against fake and spam accounts is a key issue for Bloomberg's reporting firm. Twitter CEO Elon Musk has told employees that they will face difficult times afterwards. At the same time, Musk has forced all employees to return to the office, marking at least 40 hours a week, and this policy takes effect immediately for employees who are eligible to work from home. Only "special" employees will be given the opportunity to work remotely. After the issue of working from home, Musk talked about fighting spam accounts, bot accounts and impersonation accounts. Twitter has been very ambitious in getting Twitter revenue into companies beyond the advertising system, but the launch of Twitter Blue so far has turned out to be a messy start.
Apple limits AirDrop usage in China to 10 minutes|The latest update to the iOS 16.1.1 operating system has changed in the AirDrop feature, resulting in the use of this feature in China. Apple, which recently released an update to its iOS 16.1.1 operating system, has modified the functionality of the AirDrop feature by sharing files wirelessly. When sending and receiving files to all users. But in the AirDop functionality section, if you want to share it with your friends, you can still send files to each other at any time. There is no time limit as in the case above, apple's modification of this capability. Chinese protesters opposed to Beijing have opted for AirDrop to send files, inside of which there are messages that want to fight Beijing's dictatorship. In some cases, Apple has chosen to remove some applications that make the Chinese government uncomfortable. On the issue of AirDrop's changes, Apple did not say why, but said that next year it will force file sharing to anyone in a limited time of 10 minutes to reduce unwanted file sharing.
Google releases new features to support the arrival of the 2022 World Cup|Google releases special features to welcome the arrival of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar For football fans to follow the match closely, there are only a few days left at the World Cup. In Qatar, 2022 will begin, Google is gradually updating new features to welcome the arrival of the competition to find the world's best team in football at this time. Google Search users can use phrases like "FIFA World Cup" or "World Cup" to search for schedules. From the latest scores to notifications for every match. Google also allows users to follow each national team exclusively. There is also a display of statistics and the likelihood that someone will win the game at the same time. Google has taken into account the ease of use, not necessarily searching for "FIFA World Cup" or "World Cup" keywords every time, but can choose to pin the live score on the home screen of android smartphones as well. In addition, Google has an idea to add labels for food and beverage businesses that are broadcasting the World Cup. When Google users search for the keyword "World Cup viewing locations near me", it attracts more customers to their stores during the World Cup season, as well as a few games to play on web browsers with SPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
Leitz Phone 2, Leica's second-generation smartphone, features a 47.2-megapixel camera. 1-inch sensor|Leica Leitz Phone 2 launched its second smartphone, focusing on photography selling points, and was released in Japan's world-renowned camera manufacturer Leica, which in recent years has had the opportunity to enter into a commercial partnership with smartphone manufacturers from China. Even last year, Leitz Phone 2 continued to focus on marketing exclusively in Japan through softbank's telecommunications network, placing its selling points in both design and photography. The Leica Leitz Phone 2 is quite powerful because it uses the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 chipset with a screen size of 6.6 inches with a resolution of 2730 x 1260 pixels. It uses an IGZO OLED display that supports a refresh rate of 240Hz. It features a 1-inch sensor and a 16-megapixel selfie front camera for the Android 12-powered operating system that has yet to be revealed when it will update to Android 13. The battery supplied 5,000 mAh. It seems that the Leica Leitz Phone 2 has no plans to release outside of Japan. The device has a price tag of 225,360 yen, equivalent to about 58,000 baht, and will be available on November 18.
Twitter brings the "Official" mark back to service after being deleted by Elon Musk 2 days ago|Twitter has already become the busiest platform in the world. In particular, the issue of the blue identity verification symbol from Twitter Blue membership and the gray tick symbol, which was used 2 days ago before being deleted by Elon Musk, finally picked up again for another round of use. Imitation tweets disguised as celebrities Read more: Twitter Blue's authentication system is in trouble Twitter eventually had to remove the official mark, a gray check mark that had been used 2 days ago before being ordered to be removed by Elon Musk. At this time, there are some Twitter accounts that have received the official symbol, such as the WWE Wrestling Association Twitter account, Nike Basketball, Apple and the BBC, etc. A company that exists The media and public figures on the issue of chaos and chaos, Elon Musk tweeted: Twitter will do a lot more stupid things. Over the next few months, let's see which changes work well. And which one gives bad results?
Advertising agencies recommend pausing twitter ad purchases|Major advertising agencies have advised customers and brands to temporarily stop buying ads on Twitter as they could negatively impact the Omnicom Media Group. One of the world's largest advertising companies It has leading brands as customers such as McDonald's, Apple and Pepsi. Twitter is advising brands that want to buy Twitter ads to pause the plan, The Verge reported, adding that Twitter has been struggling since the arrival of Elon Musk last month. Verge said Omnicom's internal documents expressed concern over Twitter's dismissal of the team involved in safety and trust. Omnicom has recommended that it stop buying ads on Twitter until new measures are in place to control the platform's environment and take safer measures for brands and users since the arrival of Elon Musk. As for the subscription system like Twitter Blue, which has a lot of problems, it has already shut down the subscription system, but it should be a temporary shutdown. IF YOU'RE READY, YOU'RE LIKELY TO BE REOPEN TO SUBSCRIBERS. Elon Musk, CEO and Twitter owner, tweeted: Twitter will do a lot more stupid things. Over the next few months, let's see which changes work well. And which one gives bad results? Source: The Verge
A little closer to Apple's mixed-reality headset in March next year. It is expected to cost up to 72,000 baht.|While meta The metaverse project mogul was in such a bad situation that he had to lay off a lot of workers. The Digital Times Asia report revealed that Apple's mixed-reality devices are getting closer to release, with an official launch believed to be seen in March next year. Priced at US$2,000 or approximately THB 72,000 to enter Apple's mixed-reality market. It's unclear what purpose Apple produces mixed-reality devices, but it is believed that it won't create the same metaverse world as the metaverse, because so far Apple has made it clear that it doesn't want to engage in any kind of meta-reality and even expresses distrust of the metaverse world. Admittedly, it's not in line with the arrival of the Metaverse. If Apple enters the virtual world arena, it is likely that the general public will start to pay more attention to this device, and with the power of the Apple brand, it may change the consumer's feeling that they need to have a VR headset, becoming a must-have device.
SpaceX buys big lot ad campaigns on Twitter|It's daily news for Elon Musk and his new company Twitter, with the latest news that SpaceX, one of Musk's companies, has bought a big lot of ads on Twitter. From the great chaos that ensued, SpaceX One of Elon Musk's companies, which operates satellites and aerospace. By buying this ad, SpaceX wants to promote Starlink or satellite internet. It was revealed that the money spent on advertising in this lot was U.S. $250,000 (about 9 million baht). Of course, this money is not so much. Compared to previous ad purchases by other companies that advertise on Twitter, but compared to the bluebirds' not-so-good situation. Getting a lump sum of hundreds of thousands of dollars is still better than no income, CNBC reported, adding that SpaceX's advertising campaign on Twitter will be launched soon. I'm likely to see this ad on Twitter at this time. Elon Musk has made significant efforts to bring Twitter, which he acquired for $44 billion, back to profit. However, Musk's arrival has caused chaos in both the offline and online worlds, including the removal of a number of senior executives, the gradual resignation of a new team appointed by Musk, and the impersonation of a celebrity by buying Twitter Blue.
Amazon prepares to lay off 10,000 employees |It's the turn of the tech giants. According to the New York Times, Amazon plans to lay off about 10,000 employees in its technology equipment, retail and human resources sectors, with 10,000 layoffs the most in Amazon's history. It is another fast-growing technology company. In 2019, there were 798,000 employees, increasing to 1.6 million by the end of 2021, including full-time and part-time employees, representing a 102% increase. It's happening to many tech companies. Facebook's parent company, Meta, recently laid off 13% of its total workforce, or 11,000 employees. After Elon Musk's complete takeover, Amazon's layoffs may not be as strong as those of other companies, but they're starting to smell a bit as Amazon has previously implemented a no-hire policy in its retail business and a few months has recently shutting down some businesses, such as telehealth services. VIDEO CALLS FOR CHILDREN, AS WELL AS CANCELLATING OR DELAYING THE ADDITION OF SPONSORED WAREHOUSES, ARE ESSENTIAL. After falling more than half of its Q3 revenue compared to a year ago, the stock fell 13% and brought its market capitalization down to below $1 trillion for the first time since April 2020.
Apple sued by users for privacy violations|Apple faces new lawsuit When users of Apple products merge a lawsuit A group of independent researchers and application developers, including Tommy Mysk and Talal Haj Bakry, revealed that Apple tracked users' personal information on iPhones and iPads. Even if those users turn off their share analytics settings, the researchers said Apple collects data from basic and embedded apps along with operating systems, such as the App Store, Apple Music, Apple TV, and Stocks. Researchers have cited examples of Apple's data collection through an app store. What Apple can get from tracking this personal information ranges from the application that the user searched, the amount of time the ad was viewed, how long the app was viewed, how the application was discovered, and much more. e.g. ID number, iPhone model (or iPad), As well as tracking through the Stocks application, users will also be able to collect information about the stocks they are following at the time, as well as all articles about the stocks in the app. As a result, users of Apple products have joined forces to file a class action lawsuit against Apple, accusing Apple of violating California law. Apple must prove that this privacy policy remains privately owned by the user. Compensation figures have not yet been released from the above points of Apple. No response or rejection has been received.
Google agrees to spend $391.5 million to end tracking and locator abuse lawsuits|Google has agreed to settle a lawsuit for location tracking violations after being indicted by prosecutors in 40 U.S. states for $391.5 million, Google's official web blog. Google has agreed to settle disputes with prosecutors from 40 states, agreeing to pay $391.5 million. In a statement, Google said it had revised its lagging policy and had changed its supposed practices. Google has also provided tools to users who want to delete all tracking history in one click, improving tracking and locating. The new model will be introduced by users next year, and as a result of Google's agreement to settle the lawsuit, the company will be able to launch a new model. As a result, Google must show users more information every time it is turned on and off. Tracking and locating and sensitive information must not be hidden from the user's perception at the same time. Google plans to add a clearer description of what data tracking is, regardless of the format of the web and applications. What data is collected Source: Google, TechCrunch
Nike doesn't give up molding NFT stream, launches new .Swoosh platform|Nike Launched a new platform called .swoosh, the Web3 platform, a center for exchanging sneakers and virtual apparel. Preparing for the metaverse, Nike continues to focus on the NFT trend. The heat and the price of this digital asset will go down a lot. Nike doesn't give up. The Web3 platform supports trading, exchange, sneakers and all kinds of apparel in terms of providing other information. Nike will open its registration to Web3 on November 18. Become part of Nike's community to create products in a virtual format with Nike, where creators receive a share of their sales with SPONSORED. Nike It has already begun to move into the Web3 and metaverse worlds, starting with the purchase of RTFKT Studios, a company specializing in the development of sneakers in virtual formats.
Steve Jobs' Birkenstock slippers closed the auction at 7.9 million baht.|The items that Steve Jobs used to use seemed to cost almost every piece of the auction. Not even burgenstock slippers. The shabby conditions, which were worn during Apple's early founding, closed auctions for as much as $218,750, CNN reported. One bidder recently paid U.S. $218,750 to win ownership of the old and torn Berkenstock sandals, which were formerly owned by Steve Jobs from Julien's auction company. The Birkenstock Arizonas sandals were worn by Steve Jobs in the late 70s, followed by the early 80s. Apple is in the nascent phase, sponsored companies, of course, bergenstock slippers were discovered in a trash can by Steve's real estate manager. Jobs, before it was finally put up for auction before it was auctioned. Many believe that this old Steve Jobs property was probably worth around $60,000-$80,000, but at the end of the auction, it was sold at an unexpected price. In addition, the sole of the shoe can be seen with traces of Steve's foot. As for Jobs, who won the auction, this story is not officially disclosed.
Elon Musk ordered the Twitter team to stop displaying messages indicating the device using the tweet.|Elon Musk has made it clear to the Twitter team to stop displaying messages that indicate the devices used in each tweet, meaning that users will no longer see the words Twitter for iPhone, Twitter for Android. Elon Musk recently announced a new plan for Twitter by canceling the display of messages saying that the tweets were sent from any device, including iPhone, Android and Twitter web clients. What's interesting about this is that if Elon Musk actually decides to cancel the display of the device he tweeted, he'll be fine. The benefits are likely to fall to smartphone manufacturers, especially smartphones from the Android operating system. The Wonder Woman, who was then a presenter for Huawei Mate 10 Pro, tweeted a photo of her holding a Huawei smartphone. Instead, the device used to tweet the image was an iPhone, with a message clearly stating that the tweet was tweeted from Twitter for iPhone etc.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
Elon Musk urges Twitter employees to create a hardcore work culture, otherwise leave.|Elon Musk is gearing up for Twitter 2.0 mode and creating a hardcore work culture. Focus on concentration for several hours a day. Starting kick-off this Friday, Elon Musk, CEO and Twitter owner. Give an ultimatum to employees who have remained with the company so far to choose to accept or reject his new work values, called Twitter 2.0. It is clearly stated in the email: Anyone who is ready to go ahead with him must respond to the link sent with the email by 5 p.m. local time on Thursday, but if anyone does not answer or refuse, they will receive compensation for 3 months. Thank you for being a part of twitter's success in the report. Verge, who quoted a tweet on his Twitter account called @GergelyOrosz, said Elon Musk's Twitter 2.0 is the driving force of engineers who can write great code. Musk has been used in many of his companies. SpaceX and Tesla (Tesla)Source: The Verge
Amazon's hardware chief confirms layoffs via memo|Amazon's latest round of layoffs, although the exact number has not been revealed, is believed to be as many as 10,000, according to a memo from the head of hardware at world tech giant Amazon Amazon. In a letter from Dave Limp, senior vice president of equipment and services, the body of the letter sheds light on Amazon's latest situation most clearly. The key is that it combines the departments of some teams and some programs. He admitted that he was hurt to report the news because he knew he would lose talented Amazon residents from the organization, especially from the department he oversees, Devices & Services, but was proud of the team's performance. Instead, look for other positions in the company. Amazon's move coincided with a report earlier this week in which Amazon announced it was preparing to lay off 10,000 employees, representing 3 percent of the company's total workforce, with the key goal of tightening the belt on sponsored organizations.
Ming-Chi Kuo reports the iPhone 15 Pro supports USB-C 3.2, but the normal version maintains speeds at USB 2.0.|Celebrity Supply Chain Analyst The latest data report on the iPhone 15 Pro is a USB-C 3.2-enabled model, but the standard version of the iPhone 15 is still USB 2.0. It is one of the people who can provide the most reliable information about the iPhone 15. That person must be Ming-Chi Kuo, who tweeted via Twitter about noting the arrival of the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15Ming-Chi Kuo. Kuo is one of the individuals who have long reported that the iPhone 15 or iPhone released in 2023 will support USB-C before the European Union regulations were enacted, which placed USB-C as the standard for many electronic devices.
Tuvalu announces plans to bring the country into the Metaverse, preserving precious memories before being swallowed up by the sea|Tuvalu Pacific island nations Announcing plans to rebuild the country in the metaverse to preserve all memories before Tuvalu may soon disappear into the sea due to climate change, Tuvalu may soon be the first country to go all digital. It's just not for modernity. But it's because the country is at risk of being swallowed up by the sea. With the problems caused by climate change, which has threatened Tuvalu for years, Simon Kofe Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tuvalu Speaking at the COP27 summit, he admitted that once Tuvalu's land disappeared from the world map, Tuvalu would have no other choice. In addition to being the world's first digital country, Kofe It goes on to say, "Our land. Our Oceans Our culture, these are all valuable assets. We want to keep these things from danger, no matter what the physical world is. Based on the assessment of scientists, Tuvalu may have to disappear from the world map within the next 100 years or sooner due to climate change, which causes more severe flooding each year, and the temperature rises gradually, creating long-term problems for Tuvalu. With a population of about 12,000 people, the subdivision is divided into 9 islands. But using the metaverse to preserve such priceless memories is a better option than letting history sink into the sea.
Google's major shareholders suggest companies should lay off employees because they already have too many employees.|Major investor of Google's parent company Alphabet Send a letter to Sundar Pichai called for staff to be reduced as there are too many employees now. TCI Fund Management, a hedge fund and one of Google's key shareholders, sent a letter directly to Sundar. Google and Alphabet CEO Pichai urged the company to reduce staffing and control its plans to invest in a driverless vehicle unit called Waymo. The number of employees has grown at 20 percent per annum since 2017. TCI also commented that Google has higher remuneration than the market, especially compared to the 20 largest companies on the stock exchange by 153 percent, and is probably the highest salaried company in Silicon Valley. Investments in autonomous technologies in Waymo, as well as biotechnology R&D firm Calico, both of which are far from profitable, have already lost more than $20 billion in future technologies. These leading companies are in a period of economic slowdown and revenues are not meeting their targets. As happened with Mark's Meta. Zuckerberg and giants like Amazon. It has not commented on the issue.
Hundreds of employees rejected Twitter 2.0's hardcore culture under the Elon Musk era.|Don't wait for the 5 p.m. deadline that Elon Musk has outlined because of hundreds of Twitter employees. While Musk has approached outside engineers to continue the work, twitter chaos continues. Yesterday, Elon Musk announced a plan called Twitter 2.0, which is a hardcore work of several hours a day and a rebuilding of corporate culture. Urging Twitter employees to create a hardcore work culture, Musk has set a deadline to accept or refuse to participate at 5 p.m. local time on Thursday. Twitter employees seem to be not waiting for any deadline that Elon Musk has set, as hundreds of Twitter employees are reportedly preparing to work their final day for the company and waiting for three months of compensation. "Important" of Twitter, which oversees the core system, will also resign, meaning Twitter could be in trouble without this team. Elon Musk is also concerned about the situation with so many people resigning. He spoke to a small group of senior engineers to hear why they were considering leaving the company and tried to convince them to stay at the company, but it was not clear what the conclusion of the talks was. By the deadline of choosing whether to stay with Twitter 1.0 or Twitter 2.0, Elon Musk has temporarily closed his office until Monday to prevent possible damage to the company. Musk has been looking for an externally skilled engineer to join the Twitter 2.0 project.
Meta fired dozens of employees after investigating fraudsters receiving money from hackers.|Meta fired employees or, in some cases, was disciplined after being found to have accessed an account without permission. In exchange for bribes from Wall Street Journal hackers. Meta announced the expulsion of dozens of employees after an investigation revealed that some of them had taken advantage of back-office tools that had unauthorised access to Facebook and Instagram accounts. When a user needs help Meta employees use the Oops tool to help users. Meta's business partners, from public figures to account recovery, found that employees have been abusing OOPS tools by working with third parties to hackers to exchange tens of thousands of U.S. dollars. HOWEVER, STONE INSISTS THAT META REGULARLY UPDATES ITS CYBERSECURITY SYSTEM AND WILL TAKE ACTION AGAINST THE PERPETRATORS SOURCE: WSJ
Amazon CEO Accepts Layoffs Are Likely to Recur Next Year 2023|Amazon's official layoffs were announced this week, and Amazon may decide to lay off more employees next year. Amazon's CEO informed employees via memo on Thursday, local time in the United States. Amazon may decide to lay off additional employees in 2023 in a memorandum. He explained that the company has not yet determined exactly how many jobs will need to be reduced. It only says that Amazon will notify those affected by this layoff early next year for Amazon's latest layoffs. As many as 10,000 people were affected, accounting for 3 percent of the company's total workforce, with the decision being made in order to tighten the belt of the organization.
Elon Musk sent an email asking to meet the remaining employees to discuss Twitter backyard technology.|Twitter employees are resigning more than expected. As a result, Elon Musk, who set a deadline for the Twitter 2.0 project, faced a new problem because he wasn't sure which employees remained in the company because he needed advice on Twitter's backyard system. Looking for help from the remaining Twitter employees in the company urgently. To consult and seek advice on Twitter's back-end software, business insider reports. It said the timing was around midnight on Friday, Pacific Standard Time. Musk sent a heartfelt email saying he wanted to meet with any employee with knowledge of software writing. Meet him at Twitter headquarters in San Francisco, 10th floor, at 2 p.m. Employees to meet Musk asked the employee to summarize the key points of the code written in the last 6 months, as well as to have a screenshot of the key code attached to this email. Just as Musk had previously instructed Tesla and SpaceX shortly after the first email, the second followed, in which Musk wrote that any employee who worked at home had the same information and screenshots as in the first email. You can talk to him via video call. If that employee isn't in San Francisco, he can fly directly to meet Musk. UNTIL NOW, IT'S UNCLEAR HOW MANY TWITTER EMPLOYEES WHO HAVE JOINED THE TWITTER 2.0 PROJECT HAVE THE INFORMATION IN THE HANDS OF THE BUSINESS. Insider According to Insider, many departments of Twitter are now running low, but some departments no longer have workers, such as communications, data security, and employees in charge of protecting users' data.
Elizabeth Holmes, founder of startup Theranos, has been sentenced to 11 years in prison for fraud.|Elizabeth Holmes The founder of a scam startup called Theranos has been sentenced to 11 years or 135 months in prison for defrauding Elizabeth Holmes. A former female billionaire who created herself as the founder of the world-famous startup Theranos. She was sentenced to 11.25 years in prison after judge Edward Davilla, who oversaw the case, announced her responsibility for fraud involving 10 affected victims, totaling $121 million. Judge Edward Davilla Elizabeth Holmes has denied responsibility for the fraud committed against startup Theranos. The decision in the case was upheld by Holmes. He must report for sentencing on April 27, 2023. This decision is still at the stage of the court of first instance. Elizabeth Holmes also has a chance to appeal, which she is expected to exercise as far back as early January 2022. Jose in California United States Judge Elizabeth Holmes He was found guilty of 4 offences, 3 krathongs of personal offences and 1 count of conspiracy after a 15-week trial. Holmes' lawyers argued in an 82-page document that she should receive a lighter sentence and believed the most appropriate penalty would be 18 months of house arrest, followed by community service, along with 100 letters of support. It was also hailed as Steve. Her presentation style and dress are all modeled after Steve Jobs, as holmes amazed the whole world, as Theranos was able to invent a new blood test device that didn't require a traditional blood test. The longer make it later. By 2010, Theranos had over $90 million in joint ventures. The lives of Elizabeth Holmes and Theranos have taken a turn from hand to hand. When Theranos is unfolding that what was invented is all a hoax. Before being sued for fraud, it led to the end of Theranos Source: TechCrunch
The layoff is over, Twitter is preparing to announce a new round of recruitment.|Twitter before Elon Musk's arrival used to employ 7,500 people, but now it's only 2,700. Elon Musk held a meeting with employees on Monday local time in the U.S., where Musk said the company had completed its layoff process and is now entering a new recruitment phase. It's not. In terms of job titles, Musk did not explicitly state what kind of engineering and sales positions he needed. No recruitment information appears on the website. Compared to previous news reports that Musk needed someone with software expertise to become part of Twitter 2.0, Twitter under Elon Musk's era has entered a period of pressing the reset button of corporate culture, which has led to many employee layoffs. In addition to employee issues, Musk rejected any plans to move its headquarters from San Francisco to another location in the United States, particularly Texas, where Tesla headquarters is at the time. Because Texas is a right-wing politically based state, but California is not. THERE ARE LEFT-WING POLITICAL VIEWS. At the same time, Musk said that Twitter needed to rebuild the Tech stack from scratch and suggested that Twitter should build a team of engineers in Japan, India, Indonesia and Brazil. Musk insisted that employees would still acquire shares of the company that could be sold for the same amount as SpaceX's shares in the late report.
Google opened a Mastodon account due to twitter's internal volatility issues.|Due to twitter's internal problems, which have resulted in a lot of confidence, in the last 1-2 days we have started to see news at big companies or people in the tech industry. Start trying to open a mastodon account. Since Elon Musk's official arrival, twitter has had a far-reaching impact on many users, advertisers and brands, leading people to think about what the situation will be after this, not even Google. According to the information on the website, Google created a Mastodon account on November 5 and has already posted 4 messages, one of which is about the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. That's happening right now. Google's Mastodon account has over 1,000 followers. After this, it is expected that you will see other Google entities, such as Twitter accounts that support the Android operating system, Google's developers, as well as other services such as Google Search and Google Chrome.
Samsung ranks among the most password-used words in 2021, hacking in 7 seconds|According to Nordpass, samsung is one of the most used passwords, used in 30 countries and poses a significant security risk. Password management application provider The study revealed that users of smartphones, smart TVs, and electrical appliances that can connect to the Internet have low-security passwords and are at risk of being easily hacked by internet fraudsters. Nord Pass Indicates that the password is "samsung". But interestingly, the use of passwords with the word "samsung" in a short form is increasingly being used, because in a NordPass study, it was found that this password was ranked 198th in 2019 and rose to 189th in 2020. But there are other passwords such as "Nike", "adidas" to "kia" and "mini", which are car 123456789 123456 brands. Because hackers can successfully crack a pass without such strength in just 7 seconds. Therefore, setting a complex password should be a must to do so that it is not easily compromised.
Netflix is hoping to create AAA-grade video games.|Netflix Prepare to expand your own business beyond filmmaking and series. Recently, we have entered the full-fledged gaming industry. Looking beyond creating AAA games. The world's largest movie and series streaming provider Post a job posting on your website When looking at the list of positions, it was found that Netflix There was a desire to create a game studio. The positions that Netflix offers range from Art Director, Technical Director, Game Director, Lead Artist, and more. Angeles, California, in addition to the positions that appear on the website. Netflix has approached some gaming veterans to join the new studio. One of them is Shakko. Sonny, who has long experience in the gaming business, has worked as a producer and chief producer for Activision, former product director at Santa Ana. Santa Monica, a Sony subsidiary, is also vice president of Blizzard. Blizzard Entertainment also directly oversees the work of popular games like Overwatch and Overwatch 2. Netflix has already started to move into the gaming business. However, netflix-branded games are still only available on smartphones and tablets in the video game industry. To develop a game called AAA (Triple A) It's essential to have an extra team with a huge budget. Also, the game has to be very effective to develop the world of the game perfectly. The depth of character and top-notch storytelling is no different from fine movies and series for triple-level game creation projects. Netflix's A is a long-term project, and it will take a few years for gamers around the world to play games from Netflix.
Meta rejects news Mark Zuckerberg is set to step down as CEO|Rumors have swirled that Meta's CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg will leave the company amid a recent deterioration in earnings. Are experiencing a problem of not meeting the revenue target. Rumors have circulated that Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been arrested. The 38-year-old is set to step down as the organization's chief executive. In the rumors that have been circulating, Mark's resignation from meta states: Zuckerberg did not have any negative impact on the tens of billions of dollars of the Metaverse project. Meta spokesperson Andy Stone denied the news, insisting it was fake via a Twitter account, @andymstone the rumours came amid numerous layoffs due to a decline in meta's profits. According to analysts and investors, Meta's problems stem from Mark's character. So far, Meta has spent about $30 billion on the creation of the metaverse, when looking at meta's share price between 2022 and 2021, it was shocking: meta's shares have fallen nearly 70 percent from the previous meta's share price of $228.76 per share, falling to $109.76 per share.
Apple brushes off interest in buying Manchester United Affirmative action is not in the company's plans.|Apple Roe has denied reports of a large sum of money to acquire the Red Devils. Manchester United, after the Glazer family became the majority shareholder, and laid hands on ownership of the team in the issue of buying Manchester United by tech giant Apple, according to a report by the tabloid Daily Star, which claimed that Apple was ready to spend $7 billion to take the Red Devils into their hands. A source within Apple's company told MacRumors that the news was not true. Ownership of the Reds in Manchester It has not been in any plans for Apple Manchester United to be managed by the Glazer family since 2005, and the Glazer family has been strongly opposed by purebred Manchester United fans due to the Glazer family's failure to manage the Red Devils. There is also a lack of seriousness in building on the team's success. After the end of Sir Alex's managerial career. Ferguson at the same time. Cristiano Ronaldo's exclusive interview with CR7 goalkeeper Piers Morgan also attacked the Glazer administration, saying that the football facilities since Ronaldo left the club in 2009 and returned in 2021 have remained the same. Although Apple has no plans to acquire Manchester United, Apple is moving closer to football, or if in the United States it's called Soccer, from the start of a Major League Soccer (MLS) broadcast in the form of a season pass on February 1, 2023SPONSORED Source: MacRumors
ARIP organizes Commart Game On event to raise the army of IT products in all segments End of 2022|ARIP Plc. joins forces with partner brands Commart Game On will end the year 2022 from November 24-27, 2022, BITEC Bangna Hall 98 and 99. Chief Executive Officer ARIP said of the Commart Game On event at the end of 2022: The country's economy is likely to recover due to a number of positive factors, including the recovery of the business sector that has returned to normal business operations, as well as the manufacturing of parts and equipment. This period is an opportunity for IT people to see and shop a variety of products and technologies at affordable prices. "Commart Game On is going to be a big part of the world." AFTER THE GOVERNMENT UNLOCKED THE EASING OF MEASURES, IT IS HOPED THAT THE EVENT WILL BE A PLATFORM TO STIMULATE SHOPPING AND THE OVERALL ECONOMY OF THE COUNTRY AT THE END OF THIS YEAR. mr.pornchai chantarasupsaeng Director of ICT Media and Events, Plc. In addition, the event will also offer a wide selection of products such as notebooks, DIY computers, smartphones, tablets, smart homes, games, gadgets, printers and software kits 21.
Elon Musk to release a new type of Twitter authentication There are blue, gold and gray check marks.|Twitter owner Elon Musk is close to launching a new type of Twitter authentication. It is divided into 3 colors: blue. Twitter CEO and owner Elon Musk said twitter authentication is coming back next week. Twitter's new authentication system It is divided into 3 colors: blue, gold, and gray. The gray check mark is an account associated with the governments of each country, and gold for companies in the matter of audits. There are around 400,000 verified Twitter accounts, covering celebrities in various circles. politician Journalists, government agencies, and large corporations, for details on Twitter's new identity verification. MUSK WILL PROVIDE MORE INFORMATION NEXT WEEK FOR TWITTER USAGE FIGURES OF 238 MILLION DAILY ACTIVE USERS, WHICH IS A HUGE NUMBER. The number of active users used to be as high as 250 million per day, the highest figure of all time on Twitter. Twitter's internal situation remains unsettled, affecting ad revenue, which is the lifeblood of Twitter, as more than 90 percent of Twitter's revenue comes from the ad system.
More than 20,000 Foxconn employees flock to quit, potentially affecting iPhone 14 Pro production|More than 20,000 employees at Foxconn's iPhone manufacturing plant have left the company, with the impact of iPhone 14 Pro deliveries in the near future. Most of them are new employees who have not yet been stationed on the production line. Have resigned from the company. Leaving such a plant. As a result, the world's largest iPhone 14 Pro factory was immediately affected, a major reason why many Foxconn employees are resigning is due to strict COVID-19 measures, which have caused great dissatisfaction among workers. Efforts have been made to stop the conflict by giving around 10,000 yuan to employees who protested and wanted to resign from the company. As a result, the production of the iPhone 14 Pro, which must be delivered for Christmas and holidays at the end of 2022, followed by the New Year 2023, has been affected, as it coincides with the annual major Western shopping season for Foxconn. Declined to comment on this issue Source: AljazeeraSPONSORED
Launch of Aisha VTuber girl into Home Sweet Home Survive|Home Sweet Home Survive can't stand the heat of the VTuber trend, launching Aisha as part of the new world in Home Sweet Home Survive, a chase-survival game produced by the Thai team of Yggdrasil announcing the debut of Aisha as part of Home Sweet Home Survive. Aisha is a character that Home Sweet Home Survive players can officially buy as their owner, for Aisha, famous for being a V2ber, which can be considered as another form of content creator on the YouTube platform. More and more brands are starting campaigns with V2ber.
Apple and Twitter enter tense situation, Elon Musk reveals threatened removal from App Store|Twitter owner Elon Musk has said Apple has threatened to remove Twitter from its app store, adding that Apple has now stopped advertising on the platform. A tweet indicating a tense situation between Apple and Twitter by Musk Apple has threatened to remove Twitter from its app store platform, but did not give a clear reason why it is considering doing so at the same time. Musk admits that Apple has stopped buying ads on Twitter, affecting the revenue of Twitter, a platform that relies on advertising systems for up to 90 percent. That's why Twitter is a problem for Apple on this issue. IF TWITTER IS ACTUALLY EXPELLED FROM THE APP STORE, IT'S HARDLY A GUESS THAT TWITTER'S SERVICES TO HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF USERS WILL BE AFFECTED IMMEDIATELY. Chief Executive Officer of Apple He holds positions in the app store and Apple. Event recently deleted its Twitter account. This has led to speculation that the Twitter-Musk and Apple business relationships Apple spent about $131,600 on Twitter ads between November 10 and 16, but this amount is smaller than October. Oct. 16-22, the week before Musk reached an agreement on Twitter's acquisition. At the time, Apple's media purchases on Twitter were $220,800. Musk seems to have a chance to wage war with Apple. When he tweeted a meme that conveyed the message: He refused to pay a 30 percent fee to Apple, source Source: The Guardian
Chinese police carpeted the use of Twitter, Instagram and Telegram to block protests against COVID policies.|Police in China are deployed to check people's smartphones if prohibited applications like Twitter, Instagram and Telegram are being used. In the aftermath of protests against Beijing's zero-tolerance COVID policy, several foreign media outlets reported. Police in China have been deployed to check the smartphones of passers-by. From areas that used to be protest points against the Chinese government's COVID-19 policies, to shopping center entrances, the main goal is to find out if prohibited applications are being used. The banned applications include: Although these apps have been banned by the Chinese government, Chinese people have access to these banned applications under virtual private networks. Protests have been organized and applications such as Telegram, Twitter and Instagram have been used to communicate, talk and plan protests, as well as to share protest information with the outside world, said William Yang, a reporter from Deutsche Welle. Public smartphone monitoring is conducted in the manner of random checks. Although Xi Jinping's political power is at its strongest, the protests of the past 1-2 weeks have been a challenge for the Chinese leader, who has set zero-covid or zero-covid policies that are still heavily used, even though in some areas there are only units or tens of thousands of covid cases.
Time magazine hailed God of War: Ragnarok as the best game of 2022.|After the gaming industry was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, the gaming industry looks set to return to life. Especially the much-anticipated game God of War: Ragnarok, which Time magazine named the best game of 2022. The top 10 best games in Time's view have been announced, and 2022 has been a year of a lot of interesting games coming out to the market for gamers to play. Resident Evil Village: Shadows of Rose, Stray, Elden Ring, The Quarry and God of War: Ragnarok, however, in Time magazine's view, the game God of War: Ragnarok was picked up from Studio Santa Barbara. Monica, a subsidiary of Sony PlayStation Studios, is the best game of 2022. Horizon: Forbidden West from PlayStation Studios' Guerrilla Games also came in third place, followed by The Quarry from 2K Games, but unexpectedly in Time's ranking of the 10 best games of 2022: SPONSORED Source: TimeSPONSORED Source: TimeSPONSORED
Fruit flies are a prototype for creating multipurpose robots.|Mechanical Engineering Specialist at Pennsylvania State University In the U.S., fruit flies compensate for their injuries by flapping damaged wings harder and reducing the speed of healthy wings. For fruit flies to do this is to adjust the signals in the nervous system. In addition, previous research suggests that fruit flies have only 200,000 neurons, compared to 100,000 human cells. The use of flexible and complex body control systems. It allows them to adapt and survive after injury. This capability sparked a research team led by experts from Pennsylvania State University and the University of Colorado Boulder to design a versatile robot with mechanical wings similar in size and functionality to fruit flies to test the interaction between wings and air. future Robot design may not just be a robot with fluttering wings. This includes designing unmanned aerial vehicles or drones that will be able to respond intelligently to physical damage and maintain efficient operations.SPONSORED(Credit : Kaushik Jayaram)
Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba Dodging the heat in Chinese politics Moving to find peace in Japan|Jack Ma is a world-renowned billionaire. The latter did not appear in public much. Since the criticism of the working attitude of regulators in China. He has been staying in Japan for nearly six months, according to international media reports. Billionaire Jack Ma has left his home in China to live quietly in Tokyo, Japan. After Ma and other leading Chinese tech companies, including prominent businessmen, were heavily suppressed by the Chinese government, Jack Ma has been absent from the media space for more than two years since Ma criticized the attitude of Chinese regulators, leading to him being subjected to an attitude adjustment by the Chinese government and disappearing for months. As a result, Ma's financial subsidiary, Ant Group, which was dressed for the stock exchange, had to be cancelled after jack Ma appeared in a short 48-second video, but was noted by several parties as the video in which Ma appeared similar to the video of being held hostage. Ma fell more than 50 percent from $50 billion in net assets to $217 billion, followed by Beijing's order to sell some of its assets, one of which was Hong Kong's South China Morning Post, which also included the payment of fines that followed on Tuesday. Alibaba REFUSE TO PROVIDE ANY SOURCE INFORMATION: FTSPONSORED
Elon Musk revives smartphone development plan if Twitter gets banned by Apple from app store|Elon Musk, owner and CEO of Twitter Prepare to dismantle old files by digging up plans to rebuild smartphones. Especially on the day that Twitter was kicked out of the app store, twitter's movements were so overwhelming. Most of them come out in a not-so-good direction. however Elon Musk has revealed that Apple has threatened to remove Twitter from its app store, and Apple has stopped buying ads with Twitter. The platform he just owned has actually been banned from Apple's app store. He would have no choice but to create his own smartphone. Still. SO FAR, APPLE, AS WELL AS GOOGLE, HAVE NOT SPOKEN EXPLICITLY ABOUT REMOVING TWITTER FROM THE APP STORE AND PLAY STORE, ALTHOUGH BOTH COMPANIES HAVE CLEAR POLICIES THAT DISAGREE WITH THE USE OF HATE SPEECH. But Twitter's latest situation is particularly risky when it comes to questioning its ability to moderate content on the platform, as Twitter now has so few employees and employees moderating content. The decision to ban Twitter actually came up. Those directly affected don't have to detour Twitter, as most Twitter users use it as a smartphone. If it doesn't work as a mobile app Users will be forced to use only the computer. Although Elon Musk created his own smartphone, it is not easy for the average user to buy a Musk smartphone to use Twitter. Because the most difficult thing is to develop an ecosystem that benefits users the most.
iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max are in short supply. Due to the Chinese government's COVID measures in Zhengzhou.|The situation of the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max at this time is in short supply, with it predicted that if ordered now, it will take at least three weeks to get the Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple Supply Chain Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo revealed that buying iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max now is difficult, especially as a New Year's gift or a Christmas gift. iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max shipments in the last quarter of 2022 are likely to be 15-20 million units less than expected, a major reason why iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max shipments are problematic due to the Chinese government's strict covid-19 measures. continuously One of them is that covid measures must be zero. This affects Zhengzhou. The city that produced the world's largest iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max was followed by an even worse situation caused by the protests of workers who assembled iPhones inside Foxconn's factory. Hundreds of workers protested for a variety of reasons, such as covid-19 prevention care, delayed bonus payments. Take, for example, moving capacity to India. But it will take a long time to successfully diversify the supply-production chain. When it comes to Apple's earnings report for Thailand If you order an iPhone 14 Pro or iPhone 14 Pro Max now, the product will be delivered to customers in about 3 weeks.
Elon Musk reveals Tim Cook has no idea how to remove Twitter from the app store|The latter has been in a gloomy situation for some time. It appears that the issue between Twitter-Elon Musk and Apple has been resolved, with Musk, who met with Tim Cook and confirmed that Twitter is still in the app store. There are no plans to remove the app from Elon Musk, CEO and Twitter owner. Tweets and videos indicating he met Tim. Musk thanked Tim Cook for leading a tour of the headquarters area called Apple Park. It's unclear if there were any additional issues with the meeting between Tim Cook and Elon Musk, particularly the issue of paying Apple a 30 percent fee for using the app store's platform space before Tim Cook and Elon Musk adjusted their understanding, as seen in Musk's Twitter footage. The new Twitter owner once tweeted a picture as if to say he was ready to declare war in the event of paying a 30 percent fee to AppleSPONSORED Source: The Verge
Google Play Announces 2022 List of Best Applications and Games on Android|After Apple announced the App of the year 2022 list for its app store platform, this time it's Google's chance. To present the best applications and games of Android 2022, Google Google Play platform developer announces the list of the most popular apps under the Android operating system By announcing the list of apps on the Google side, ranging from commonly used apps, gaming apps to books and audiobooks that are the bestsellers of 2022. For general apps and games: Wombo and Apex Legends Mobile*, a new category added in 2022The best gaming applications on Android 2022, in the Games section, three new categories have been added: games with excellent storylines, best continuous games, and Play Pass, the best-selling ad-free gaming service sponsored by books and audiobooks in 2022.
Xiaomi dropped plans to launch Xiaomi 13 in mourning former Chinese leader Jiang Zemin.|Siao Mi Xiaomi 13 has been cancelled from its original launch plan for December 1 due to the death of China's third-generation leader, Jiang Zemin Xiaomi. Famous smartphone manufacturer from China The announcement of the cancellation of the launch of the new Xiaomi 13 smartphone will take place on December 1, but the launch event of xiaomi 13 has to be postponed due to the death of Jiang Zemin, the former third-generation leader of the People's Republic of China. As happened last August. Motorola had to cancel the launch of a new smartphone. In the aftermath of conflicts and political tensions between the U.S. and Chinese governments, sponsored for the Xiaomi 13 is expected to be Qualcomm's newest chipset-based smartphone, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2, which is at the top level.
ARIP reveals Commart Game On to generate more than 3,200 million baht|ARIP Plc., the organizer of "Commart Game On", the 2022 IT expo, has successfully generated more than 3,200 million baht in revenue for Commart Game On, organized by ARIP Pcl. from November 24-27, 2022. Followed by a computer assembled by Mr. Pornchai Chandrasupsaeng. Director of ICT Media & Events Plc. ARIP added that in the best-selling segment, With notebooks accounting for 44% of sales, computers 30%, smartphones and tablets 14%, monitors 7%, and computer peripherals accounted for 5%, making this commart outperforming mid-year, which is considered a success in line with sponsored targets for the next Commart event to be held in March 2023 at BITEC Exhibition and Convention Center.
TikTok CEO confirms again It has never been asked by the government for user data, and if it does, it will refuse.|CEO tick-to-a Answer questions that many people are concerned about. This is especially true when it comes to sharing user data with the Chinese government. Affirmation is never requested, and if it is filed, it is rejected as a rare occurrence. But at a conference called DealBook hosted by the New York Times, it was Shou Zi Chew's first appearance. The 40-year-old has an interesting track record, particularly as a former chief financial officer of Xiaomi. When I was a student He had also completed an internship at Facebook, but when he became the CEO of TikTok, Shou Zi Chew revealed to host Andrew Ross Sorkin. His job as CEO of TikTok is to take responsibility for all strategic decisions. When Shou Zi Chew comes out to the public like this, it's inevitable that questions can't be asked. That is, when it comes to providing user personal information to the various governments that have requested it, especially on the Chinese side, which Shou Zi Chew recognizes and knows that he will have to be asked this question. These concerns have been studied. It has also worked with the Foreign Investment Commission in the United States. To solve these problems together, which in the past has solved well. "At this time, as everyone knows, TikTok has launched a project called Project Texas, which moves the database of U.S. users from Virginia and Singapore to a new cloud infrastructure system developed and operated by Oracle. Chew explained that in the past, no foreign governments have requested user data. Chew says that the algorithms of U.S. and Chinese users are different. Shou Zi Chew admits that Musk is a highly successful entrepreneur, but it's too early to tell now, adding that in his view, the platform should prioritize trust and safety. These seem to be the opposite of Musk's work on Twitter right now. He concluded that until now, TikTok was the only platform that did not accept political ads, including various forms of fundraising, to prevent the use of the platform as political advertising and the dissemination of false information. Moreover, political content does not fit the approach and mission of TikTok, a provider of creative and happiness platforms.
Elon Musk announces preparations for human Neuralink trial coming soon|Elon Musk, the richest man in the world Elon Musk is still busy from the news pages today, with the headline being about a brain chip experiment developed by a health technology company called Neuralink. It is preparing to conduct human trials as early as the next 6 months. Elon Musk has previously said that the brain chip will help restore the vision of blind people, whether congenital blind or later blind, to people with mobility problems, communication problems, for people with spinal cord problems.
Kanye West ends acquisition of social media company Parler|Kanye West, also known as "Ye", is a new name under California law. The purchase agreement for Parlor was terminated in October. Kanye West or Ye issued a joint statement with Parler. After the two sides reached an agreement on the acquisition, Parler will have a new owner, the famous rapper Kanye. The announcement of the cancellation of the deal came from Parler's own side, with the assumption that the reason the deal had to be dropped was due to Ye's anti-Jewish interviews, as well as praise for Adolf Hitler, the former leader of the Nazi Party. Parler's statement said the deal was dropped in mid-November, according to TechCrunch. Emailed an inquiry to Parler's representative. The answer was suggestive: Ye and Parler's agreement. It doesn't happen officially. Rather, it is a memorandum of agreement between the parties. He announced his desire to own Parler in October 2022 after he was banned from Instagram and Twitter. Although Twitter later returned the account, the celebrity rapper insisted on continuing to buy Parler. Instead of mainstream platforms like Twitter, Kanye West began to support more right-wing ideas, but in the Roof, Naye West began to make racist remarks against Jews, to the "White Lives Matter" campaign during Paris Fashion Week, and even removed from commercial partnerships with leading brands such as Adidas and Valenciaca.
Elon Musk bans Kanye West, former love friend After violating the user community|Kanye West (also known as Ye) has once again suspended its Twitter account. This time, even his best friend, Elon Musk, was banned because "Ye" violated community rules and incited violence. Deciding to ban his best friend Kanye West from Twitter's platform, Elon Musk tweeted that he had tried his best, but Ye violated the Twitter community's rules of use. It also incited violence and eventually suspended Ye's Twitter account@kanyewest Arising from yesteryear. Several anti-Jewish tweets, including a photo of the Swastika, a symbol of the Nazi Party overlapping with the Star of David, were quickly deleted, but were seen and captured in time for SPONSORED afterwards. Before Ye realized that his Twitter account was coming to an end, Ye tweeted a picture of Elon Musk being hit in the head with the caption: Always remember this is my last tweet, and hashtagged #ye24 Ye's Twitter account ban is likely to have an issue where the rapper praised Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. On Alex Jones' list, right-wing conspiracy theorist Read more: Kanye West Ending the acquisition of social media company Parler for banning Kanye West's account There is no certainty as to whether it is a temporary or permanent ban.
SCB 10X launches DISTRICTX to build tech community, pushing Thailand up the world's blockchain and Web 3.0 hubs |SCB 10X, a company in SCB X Group, launched SCB 10X DISTRICTX, a blockchain and Web 3.0 community hub, as a new networking and business idea building space in the heart of Bangkok. It hopes to drive the creation of a hub of global business development, innovation and technology in Thailand. Panich, CEO and Chief Venture and Investment Officer of SCB 10X, said, "DISTRICTX will be a space where we see great collaboration potential, networking and entrepreneurship. Committed entrepreneurs "SPONSORED," said Stephen Richardson, Head of APAC and SVP of Financial Markets, Fireblocks. With Thailand one of the countries with one of the highest exposures to digital assets, DISTRICTX will serve as an important hub for us. DISTRICTX is an area to create a digital community hub of the future, as well as a space for business collaboration, with an area of more than 1,000 square meters. Exponential Hub: A co-working space for SCB 10X's global partners, including leading blockchain and Web 3.0 companies such as Axelar, Fireblocks, Nansen, The Sandbox, Nebula, Token Unlocks and RakkaR Digital. Consulting by ecosystem talent, including external funding and expanding future growth In addition, participants can use the area around DISTRICTX's Hacker House throughout the duration of the program, however, the launch of SCB 10X's DISTRICTX is part of the exponential growth of SCB 10X. Through global investments in disruptive blockchain, Web 3.0 and fin tech, as well as nurturing potential startups in the digital technology sector of the future. To drive the emergence of blockchain and Web 3.0 unicorns in Thailand.
End of Airplane Mode EU Give green light to use 5G service on board|Passengers of airlines operating in the European Union (EU) can use 5G networks on their smartphones while in the sky in the near future. Consider allowing airlines to provide 5G technology on board. Passengers on flights operating in the European Union may no longer have to turn on Airplane mode. The European Union's Commission has reserved certain types of spectrum for aircraft since 2008, allowing some services to use the Internet while in the sky. But the speed of service is also quite slow. However, despite the EU giving the green light, specific details have not yet been released. It's not. THE DEADLINE FOR EU MEMBER STATES TO BE AVAILABLE FOR 5G ON BOARD IS JUNE 30, 2023SPONSORED FOR THAT REASON, ALLOWING PEOPLE TO MAKE FULL USE OF SMARTPHONE FEATURES, EVEN IN THE SKY. Using streaming services, movies-series, and music, current arguments about the signals of smartphones and mobile devices are becoming less disruptive to flight. However, more studies have shown that the risk of signal interference is minimal. However, in the United States. There are concerns that 5G signals can affect in-flight systems. It's just that this problem may not occur in the UK and EU because different frequency sets and settings are used than the US.
Twitter reverts to hate message screening automation In the era of Elon Musk|Twitter in the Elon Musk era has turned to an automated hate message screening system. After earlier eras, human inspection was used, Ella Irwin Twitter Head of Trust and Security Twitter in Elon Musk's era has relied heavily on automation to moderate content, amid reports that hate speech on the platform is on the rise. Elon Musk is a man who values automation, claiming that Twitter has made mistakes in the past by spending time and human labor monitoring harmful content for child safety. Irwin said Twitter has implemented automated systems to deal with malicious tweets. It is based on credible individual reports. With a history of tracking malicious posts at the same time. Twitter remains serious about hashtags and searches related to various forms of abuse, including the exploitation of today's children. Twitter has removed 440,000 child safety accounts in collaboration with Ghost Data, a cybersecurity group. Social Media Researcher It noted that amnesty for accounts previously banned by Twitter has led to an increase in the use of hate speech on the platform, so it's not uncommon. If Twitter is facing questions that target the ability and willingness to moderate harmful content, it's a good idea. ILLEGAL CONTENT, PARTICULARLY WHEN ELON MUSK FIRED MORE THAN HALF OF ITS EMPLOYEES FROM THE COMPANY, AND ITS HARDCORE WORK POLICY, WHICH HAS LED TO HUNDREDS OF EMPLOYEES DECIDING NOT TO GO FURTHER. Does not have a significant impact on employees or contract employees of the company Source: The Guardian
Apple postpones driverless car release plan until 2026|Apple postpones plans to release its own autonomous cars A year later than previously estimated, priced at less than U.S. $100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,0 The first glimpse of this will have to wait until 2026. There is a large iPad in the middle of the car to entertain while driving, and there is no steering wheel, however, Apple's Project Titan has been delayed more than it should have been, with the design adjusted to include a steering wheel and brake pedals. Autonomous driving capabilities are only allowed on highways, Apple's cars. Originally scheduled for release in 2025, but according to the latest report, it has to be postponed to 2026, priced at around US$100,000, which is cheaper than the previously reported price of around US$1.2 lakh. Apple's built-in technology is important in helping to measure driving lanes and measure the distance between objects and vehicles. The interior will be replaced with a limousine and will be replaced with a traditional vehicle, which is expected to be completed by 2023. Distributed in many parts of the world, including the United States and Europe.
"KMT DES" discusses "NASA" to develop space affairs, invited to visit Thailand 25 Jan 23|"Sethapong" revealed that "KMT DES" discussed "NASA" to discuss ways to develop space affairs and invited to visit Thailand on January 25 next year. Exchange of knowledge in toknologics and academics The plan for the future was put forward on December 6, 2022. Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) As Vice Chairman of the Communications Commission The House of Representatives said last week that the DES had Ms. Kalaya Rungvijitchai, the Chairperson, considered the joint discussion on the development of space affairs in Thailand between KMUTT DES and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Organization (NASA) with 8 NASA representatives attending the meeting online, as well as representatives from TeroSpace Co., Ltd., the Space Economy Planning Working Group and representatives from Thaicom Public Company Limited. Because it affects the whole worldSPONSORED Col. Sethapong. He said there was also talk about setting up a Space Technology Laboratory at Wiang Pa Pao College. As well as the use of satellite technology in agriculture, farmers will benefit greatly in this regard. KMT invited NASA to visit Thailand The faculty will discuss cooperation in order to exchange knowledge in various technological and academic fields, and will take the faculty to the space technology laboratory at Wiang Pa Pao College. In this regard, the U.S. Embassy is also interested in going with it. They also discussed telemedicine, which is important, especially in the current situation with the pandemic, which has attracted a lot of attention from NASA. He also said that the reason why we have set up the Space Technology Laboratory at Wiang Pa Pao College. Because it is ready and is an area with frequent weather changes. It is suitable for study and research, and also helps to reduce the suffering from disasters for the villagers. We use this as a starting point, and this kind of laboratory will be opened to all regions in the coming days in order to benefit the people as much as possible. By inviting NASA to this time. We will benefit greatly in many things. In particular, the development of space affairs in Thailand has set up a working group to prepare a space economy plan, which will use the knowledge gained from NASA to prepare the plan in the most comprehensive and effective way. Mr. Boworarat Kanjanarat The Chairman of TeroSpace Co., Ltd., a company specializing in space business and sustainable development, said in a joint meeting with KMT, DES and NASA. We have seen good developments in space cooperation. The future of space will be of great importance, TeroSpace Co., Ltd. is interested in cooperating with KMTH DES. TeroSpace's platform will be expanded to benefit local residents. Analyze and calculate climate It is also used to evaluate agricultural products within the next 5-10 years, which farmers can use as evidence for the Bank to use for considering lending. The same applies to foreign countries, such flats have long been in place.
Telegram announces success After surpassing 1 million premium subscribers|Telegram Premium, Telegram's bill-based service, has already reached more than 1 million subscribers. Just 6 months after its official launch, Pavel Durov Co-founder and CEO of Telegram Although it has reached 1 million subscribers, a Telegram Premium subscription is considered a small fraction of Telegram's total revenue. Durov hopes that in the future, this premium service will generate revenue at the same level as the advertising system, which is the main revenue stream at the moment, telegram. It has more than 700 million monthly active users and is launching a premium service in the middle of this year. THERE IS A DIRECT SELLING POINT WHERE LARGE FILES OF MORE THAN 4GB CAN BE SENT, AS WELL AS HIGHER DOWNLOAD SPEEDS THAN REGULAR USERS. Telegram is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Chat services are increasingly becoming increasingly turning to subscription systems, one of which is Whatsapp, which is overseen by Meta and is also a direct competitor of Telegram.
Elon Musk turns a room in the head office into a bedroom. Hardcore responsiveness|Elon Musk has installed several bedrooms in Twitter headquarters in San Francisco, with up to four to eight bedrooms per floor to accommodate hardcore work. That's the policy of the new owner, Forbes magazine reports. Elon Musk, Twitter's new owner and CEO, turned the area of its San Francisco Twitter headquarters into a bedroom when a Twitter employee entered the office on Monday morning. They found that some of the meeting rooms in the headquarters had mattresses and curtains inside. Some of Twitter's unused rooms have been transformed into queen-sized beds, with bedside tables, lamps, two armchairs and an orange carpet, Forbes reports. He went on to explain that so far it is not known exactly how many bedrooms there are inside Twitter's headquarters. However, it is estimated that there are probably 4-8 bedrooms on each floor per floor. The office that at this time has been transformed into a bedroom. Most of them are unused rooms, of course, with bedrooms inside the headquarters. Understandably, because Twitter employees work late at night. Add hours of work per day, based on the hardcore concept of working at the core of Twitter's work. Twitter declined to comment on the news of the conversion of some office rooms into bedrooms.
Tim Cook confirms the use of TSMC-made chipsets from its Phoenix, Arizona facility.|Tim Cook is a mainstay of Big Tech by announcing the purchase of chipsets manufactured at the TSMC plant from Phoenix. Made in America, Apple, AMD and Invidia Announcing itself as a customer of the new TSMC plant located in Phoenix, Arizona, the plant will begin producing chipsets in 2024. Apple's choice of chips from its MSMC plant in Arizona implies that Apple has purchased domestically produced high-end chipsets and strengthens its supply chain in the U.S. Apple CEO Tim Cook and Joe Biden The president of the United States has also traveled to Arizona to produce advanced chipsets at the TSMC plant, which will produce a 4-nanometer chipset. It is scheduled to be first produced in 2024 and is expected to produce more sophisticated 3-nanometer chipsets by 2026. It is worth as much as $40 billion and should cover the advanced chipset manufacturing needs of the entire technology industry. ESPECIALLY THE U.S. TECH COMPANY SPONSORED, NOW THE UNITED STATES IS LOOKING TO REGAIN ITS SEMICONDUCTOR MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES. To solve the problems that have arisen during the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the past two years, most of the semiconductor manufacturing industry has been in Asia. When Asia has a problem, it immediately affects the overall supply chain. Apple has made it clear that it wants to expand its supply chain outside of China, starting production of iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus in India and manufacturing macbooks, iPads and Apple Watch in factories in Vietnam.
Foxconn is confident the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max shortages will be resolved by January.|Foxconn, Apple's business partner in iPhone production, has revealed that restrictions and challenges to iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max production will resume in full in January. They expressed confidence that the problems and restrictions caused by COVID-19 affecting the production of the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max will be resolved in January. That is, opening up new employees to restore capacity and capacity to normal once again. If recruitment is smooth and trouble-free in the next 3-4 weeks, production can be fully implemented again in recent weeks. Foxconn's factory in Zhengzhou faces toughness in COVID-19 prevention measures This caused labor dissatisfaction, with production of iPhone 14 Pro to be delivered during Christmas and New Year being halted for the above reasons. EVEN WITH THE NEWS THAT CHINA WILL REDUCE THE STRICTNESS OF COVID MEASURES TO ZERO, THERE IS STILL A LOT OF UNCERTAINTY. The Foxconn plant in Zhengzhou is responsible for producing the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max in a combined capacity of up to 70 percent of its total capacity. After this, iPhone production will begin to be distributed to various countries, especially India and Vietnam. There has been news that the Chinese government is trying to get Apple to continue to choose China as its iPhone production base. In order not to have the opportunity to move to another country of origin: GizmoChina.
Sony Thai launches new PlayStation 5 pre-orders on 9 December 2022|Sony Thailand posted on Facebook that it will launch a new PlayStation 5 pre-order in December. There are three items to choose from, namely bundles with God of War and Sony Thailand, available for PS5 pre-order on December 9, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. onwards, and can be ordered online through Sony Store Online and six Sony stores, including Siam Paragon, EmQuartier, Central Plaza Rama 9, The Mall Bangkapi, The Mall Bangkae and Future Park Rangsit.
Launched Realme 10 Pro and Realme 10 Pro Plus at 11,999 Baht and 15,999 Baht|Realme announces two new smartphones As Realme 10 Pro and Realme 10 Pro Plus, there are selling points in terms of price. Imaging Specs and Android 13 from Realme Factory In these two models, the Realme 10 Pro Plus has superior specs than the Realme 10 Pro. Design, performance and user experience, especially when it comes to design that wants to differentiate itself from competitors in the market. Realme THERE IS A DEMAND FOR A PRICE THAT MAKES REALME'S SMARTPHONE ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE. Realme uses a Snapdragon 695 chipset with a 6.72-inch screen, a 1080p LCD display and 120Hz refresh rate for photography. The software works under the Realme 4.0 interface and the factory Android 13 operating system, which is a very good point of launch of this Realme 10 Pro smartphone. Available for 11,999 THB, it comes in 3 colors: hyperspace gold, nebula blue, and dark matter. Released on December 17, this model is a slightly higher model of the Realme 10 Pro series, featuring a MediaTek Dimensity 920 chipset with a 6.7-inch screen, amoled display, 1080p screen resolution, 120HzRealme 10 Pro Plus refresh rate, 2.5D curved glass display, 61-degree angle, 7.78mm thin body, unibody design and hyperspace backcover effect that provides 3D view for 5,000 mAh battery, 108-megapixel rear camera, ProLight Camera, 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera, and 2-megapixel macro camera. Finishing with a 16-megapixel selfie front cameraRealme 10 Pro Plus Powered under the factory Android 13 operating system, covered by the Realme 4.0 interface, it is available for 15,999 baht, available in 2 colors: hyperspace gold and dark matter.
Twitter puts unnecessary furniture in the office up for auction|Twitter in Elon Musk's era has laid off thousands of employees from the company. The next thing Twitter is doing is decommissioning furniture. The online auction site HGP Auction has announced good news for shoppers, especially those looking for second-hand items in good condition, as well as the opportunity to own a 3-foot (91-centimeter) tall statue of the Twitter bluebird. Twitter has auctioned off hundreds of of the company's surplus assets, which go up for auction on the HGP Auction website, ranging from general office equipment such as tables, chairs, sofas to high-end kitchen equipment. A representative of HGP Auction, the company responsible for selling Twitter's supplies, told Fortune magazine: Twitter's auction has nothing to do with Twitter's financial position, adding that the sale is unlikely to help Twitter generate much higher revenue for the auction of Twitter's surplus assets, which will begin on January 17 next year since Elon Musk took ownership of Twitter. This has resulted in huge changes to Twitter's service policy. And most importantly, the layoff of thousands of employees, which so far includes the layoffs and layoffs of Twitter's office equipmentSPONSORED Source: The Guardian, Fortune, HGP Auction
Instagram sends new feature Candid Stories inspired by BeReal application|Instagram is preparing for 2023 with a new feature called Candid Stories, but the inside of this feature is cloned from BeReal, the best iOS application of 2022. By sending cloned but renamed Candid Stories, Candid Stories functionality is similar to the B-Ariel app. A random alert appears that you can now share candid photos. Photo sharing is available on both the front and rear cameras. It's a feature that Instagram has long aimed to clone from Beariel. Sponsored for Candid Stories is now available in South Africa for the first time, in addition to updating a new feature like Candid Stories. Length 60 characters The last two features are called Group Profiles, which allow each user to come together to create posts and create stories together within one group, and Collaborative Collections gives users the opportunity to save interesting posts to a group of friends.
The Lensa AI trend has resulted in AI-powered fantasy photo editing apps soaring to the top of the app store.|The popularity of the trend of applications to make images into fantasy images. Sci-fi As a result of lensa AI applications, this app has risen to the top of the US App Store in recent days. On social media pages of many users, you will find a straight face. Selfies to become pop art, fantasy images. Behind the transition comes from an application called Lensa AI, which recently introduced a new feature called Magic Avatars. Looking at only the top 50 most popular applications on Similarweb, there are six applications that start with AI. In just the first 11 days of December, it increased by 600 percent from 1.8 million installs compared to the installation of the app during November 20-30, while AI Art, the second most popular app in the U.S., had only 710,000 downloads between November 20-30. Artificial intelligence editing applications also include Wonder - AI Art Generator, PREQUEL: Aesthetic AI Editor, Dawn - AI Generated Art, and Meitu- Photo Editor & AI Art. According to Similarweb, lensa AI, AI Art, Meitu and Voi - AI Avatar App by Wonder is gaining popularity among Android users. The popularity of Lensa AI and other applications has raised concerns about stable diffusion, i.e., the learning of artificial intelligence from the use of images from the Internet comes from artists who own the copyright to each image.
Twitter bans Twitter accounts of users who monitor Elon Musk's private flight path|Twitter has suspended @elonjet account, an account that monitors Elon Musk's private flight path, due to the latest terms of use stating that no person's location is allowed. @elonjet Although Elon Musk had previously insisted that the account would continue to be active, the decision was made to resume the service of Twitter's @elonjet account, and its owner, Elon Musk, argued that Twitter's new terms of use do not require anyone to share the location of any person on the Twitter account @elonjet operated by Jack Sweeney. A student from Florida and a fan of aviation stories, bots have been used to track the movements of celebrities, especially celebrity planes, after the @elonjet account was suspended. Other accounts of Jack Sweeney, who followed the journey of celebrities like Mark. Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates and Russian oligarchs were eventually suspended, including Jack Sweeney's personal Twitter account. Elon Musk, who at the time did not own Twitter, accidentally discovered the @elonjet account and asked Sweeney to close it because it risked Elon Musk's safety. So that he would have the opportunity to own a Tesla car. Finally, Elon Musk refused to pay with Sweeney blog.
Oppo launches Oppo Find N2 and Find N2 Flip, foldable mobile phones to enter international market|Oppo Oppo launched two new smartphones, Oppo Find N2 Flip and Oppo Find N2, to compete in the foldable smartphone market with Samsung, which is considered to be the world's foldable mobile market. Oppo Find N2 Flip and Find N2 are the second generation of Oppo Find N2 folding smartphones. Oppo Find N2 uses snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipsets running under Android 13 operating system covered by ColorOS 13SPONSOREDOppo Find N2, which provides a 4,250 mAh battery that supports 67W fast charging, but does not have wireless charging capabilities. The display size is 7.1 inches inside with a resolution of 1792 x 1920 pixels. LTPO AMOLED supports a 120Hz refresh rate, while the 5.54-inch outer display has a resolution of 1080 x 2120 pixels. Oppo said. Indicates that the creases of this model are better than the previous version, with users seeing fewer creases on the screen than previous models. Using Flexion HingeOppo Find N2 technology Available in 3 colors, black, green and white, it is scheduled to be released in China and has no plans to expand to international markets, but it is believed that oppo find N2 will eventually make its way to the global market to compete for market share of foldable phones with Samsung. That is to say, it is folded from top to bottom. "Flexion Hinge" technology is also used to reduce the visibility of creases on the Oppo Find N2 Flip screen. The home screen size is 6.8 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2520 pixels. When folded down, it has a 3.26-inch screen size with a resolution of 382 x 720 pixels. Using the MediaTek Dimensity 9000+ chipset, it has a battery capacity of 4,300 mAh and is available in three colors: black, gold and purple.
Amazon Prime Video has given the green light to develop God of War as a live-action series.|The famous God of War game, which at this time has a new installment like God of War Ragnark, is set to be developed into a live-action series through amazon prime platform. Video has long been rumored about the adaptation of the famous God of War game as a TV series, but this rumor has been confirmed that Amazon has acquired the rights to develop the famous game in the form of a live-action series. In addition to God of War, adaptations of the game to the TV series, especially those from Sony PlayStation, will be available for follow-up, including HBO's The Last of Us and Horizon on Netflix for God of War viewing channels. Streaming projections are available on one channel: Amazon Prime. Source: Deadline Video
Uber Eats tests food delivery with robots in Miami|Miami, Florida, one of the most colorful cities. There's going to be a new toy: a food delivery robot. The newest service from Uber Eats, Uber Eats. Announced a partnership with Cartken, a sidewalk delivery robotics company, to provide food delivery services to Uber Eats' customers in Miami, although robotic food delivery may not be much new to Uber. Uber already offers services like this, but it operates in cities other than Miami, mainly in California, such as food delivery robots in crowded neighborhoods like West Hollywood and driverless car services in Santa Monica. The goal is to provide robotic food delivery services to cover Miami-Dade, and then next year 2023 will continue to expand to other Miami cities.SPONSORED Christian Birch, CEO and co-founder of Kartken It states that the use of robots to transport food has the advantage of reducing traffic congestion. It is also an opportunity to assist local merchants in distributing and selling products. In addition, consumers will also get fast products. Robots deliver Kartken's food. A large number of sensors and cameras are installed to help with visibility and avoid collisions with objects, people or objects on the sidewalk during food delivery trips.
Twitter Spaces is back in service after being temporarily suspended by Elon Musk.|Twitter Space, a public chat service similar to the clubhouse, has resumed operations after Twitter owner and CEO Elon Musk temporarily shut down the feature due to a confrontation with journalists banned from Twitter two days ago. Despite what happened in a matter of minutes, the ban on the accounts of nearly ten journalists took their lives. Twitter argues that those journalists violated Twitter's rules of use, but did not provide further details, and the suspension is effective for seven days on the issue. Several noted that some journalists whose accounts were suspended had written about the @elonjet Twitter account, an account that tracked Elon Musk's personal journey, and had already been banned from Twitter. Some journalists, meanwhile, have written criticising Musk and his role as owner of Twitter. Read more: Twitter Banning user Twitter accounts that later monitored Elon Musk's private flight path, Musk later explained that Twitter's rule of "doxxing," which means publishing someone's personal information, including information such as address or coordinates. THIS APPLIES TO JOURNALISTS AS WELL, AND IT IS NO DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS, WHICH IS WHY THE BAN WAS LIFTED A FEW HOURS LATER BY TWITTER SPACE BEING BLOWN AWAY FROM THE PLATFORM. Whether it's the smartphone of the iOS or Android operating system, Musk claims that this feature was removed to solve "bugs." To prevent banned accounts from accessing the space until December 16 at 5:20 p.m. Eastern Standard Time and 5:20 a.m. local time on December 17, the Twitter Space service has resumed operations dating back to the day before Elon Musk officially took over Twitter in October. Especially the political right-wing of the United States. However, Musk later fired a number of employees who had problems with him, particularly for criticizing the page: The Verge.
Instagram releases new tool to help owners of hacked IG accounts|Instagram introduces new tools with the main goal of making accounts more secure, including helping to recover instagram-hacked accounts. The world's most popular social media under the supervision of Meta has launched a new tool to help IG users access reporting and troubleshoot account access issues. This is especially true for users who are at risk of being hacked into Instagram's new system. Users can choose what kind of risk the account poses, such as being hacked, forgetting their password, or losing their two-factor authentication (2FA) rights. IN ORDER TO REGAIN ACCESS TO THEIR OWN ACCOUNT, IN THE EVENT THAT MULTIPLE ACCOUNTS ARE AVAILABLE, THE USER SELECTS THE ACCOUNT THAT THEY WISH TO ASSIST. Instagram also offers other tools to help, such as asking someone else to verify a user's identity to verify their access to their account. This feature was previously tested in early 2022. To verify our identity for returning to your own account, source: Instagram
Elon Musk offered Twitter to other investors for $54.20 per share.|Elon Musk is trying to sell his Twitter shares at the same price as the one he bought, opening up new investors, Semafor news agency reported. Elon Musk's financial management representatives have reached out to billionaire investors to offer Twitter shares at $54.20 per share, the same price Elon Musk paid to acquire Twitter as a private company. This is especially true of Twitter's large cash outflows. There is also a problem of revenue not meeting the target due to the suspension of advertising. Semafor did not reveal exact figures on how much Elon Musk wanted to raise new funds, but believed the former world's richest man wanted the fundraising to be completed before the end of the year. Investors and billionaires who received the offer on Twitter told Semafor that the investment for this new funding was "very important". Twitter wants to use the money to hire talented programmers, with the goal of transforming Twitter into a "super app" that supports financial services and other services in the future. Elon Musk's super app project is colloquially referred to as "Project X," which may look similar to the WeChat app. (WeChat)SPONSORED grabbed Twitter into Elon Musk's hands last October. A number of prominent investors signed checks to assist Musk in this acquisition. Whether it is a well-known financial institution. Renowned investor and CEO Andressen Horowitz and Larry Ellison To Binance, a cryptocurrency company known for Twitter's new funding issues in Elon Musk's era, there has been no response or rejection, both from Musk's representatives and from Twitter.
The 2022 World Cup pushed google search traffic to its highest ever on record. |The 2022 World Cup in Qatar has closed with the beautiful titles of Argentina and Lionel Messi. Google has revealed the highest number of World Cup keyword searches in history and sent Easter Egg to celebrate the reigning Argentine Sundar national champion. Pichai, CEO of Alphabet and Google @sundarpichai revealed on his personal Twitter account the success of Google Search during the 2022 World Cup. The highest volume of searches in Google's 25-year history during the 2022 World Cup was discovered. Whether it's updates on match results, scores, live streaming locations, etc. A reminder so as not to miss every World Cup move, even in Sundar's tweets. Pichai has not disclosed exact figures on searches and traffic related to the World Cup. But with Lionel Messi's last major title and Argentina's third world title, it's a highlight of the tournament. With the release of the Easter egg on Google. When a user searches for the word "World Cup", whether in Thai or English, or even the keyword "French, Argentina", a picture of the fireworks with the flag of Argentina is displayed.
Google develops AI system to help read doctors' hard-to-read handwriting|Hard-to-read medical handwriting is something that patients around the world have faced. Because doctors have to work in a hurry, it's hard to write a prescription every now and then, which is why Google wants to develop a tool that prys out doctors' hardest handwriting with artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is a message that is difficult for people who do not work in hospitals to understand, and is sometimes difficult for pharmacists. That's why Google India worked with pharmacists to find out how to decipher a doctor's handwriting. It is still in the early stages of research and is not yet ready to be fully developed to the public. Google developed the foundation of a tool called Google Lens, starting with users taking prescription photos or uploading them from a photo library and sending them to the system. When artificial intelligence has processed images. The artificial intelligence behind this work is only responsible for facilitating the conversion of handwritten medical documents into digital files for Google. India is a huge market. There are at least half a billion daily users of Google's services. Google is working hard to expand Indians' internet opportunities. It seeks to create a linguistic model that covers more than 100 sub-languages used by many Indians, both spoken and text, which paves Google's way into an extremely challenging South Asian market.
Mastodon announces 2.5 million active users since Elon Musk acquired Twitter|Mastodon, a new social media option for immigrants fleeing Twitter The latest figures have reached 2.5 million active users since Elon Musk's acquisition of Twitter. This has resulted in a broader shift in the social media world. One person who has received positive results from this is mastodon, open source social media and mastodon decentralization. "At this time, they have 2.5 million active users worldwide. It used to be only 300,000 users last October. In other words, it's only been a month. From October to November, mastodons saw a significant growth in the number of users. Many of Elon Musk's decisions over the past two months of Musk's tenure at Twitter have resulted in a surge in users. Start switching to other social media services more. However, Mastodon doesn't have a bigger user base than Twitter, and it's not something that's going to happen anytime soon. The interesting thing about Mastodon is that the december number of active users is likely to increase by more than 2.5 million, because last week Elon Musk's Twitter decided to suspend the Twitter accounts of nearly 10 journalists for reporting on the @elonjet account, as well as writing articles criticizing Elon MuskSPONSORED in the free world market. Musk for Mastodon first launched in March 2016, initially providing the platform as a gathering place for technology experts. Now, the population of Mastodon is beginning to change. From the migration of users from Twitter Source: Mastodon
Foxconn Begins MacBook Production in Vietnam May 2023|In May 2023, Foxconn, a key partner that produces a large number of electronics for Apple, will relocate its MacBook family of computers from China to Vietnam. Located in Bac Giang province in the north of the country, the plant is expected to produce around 8 million iPads and MacBooks per year.
Elon Musk reiterates his resignation from Twitter if someone is stupid enough to continue the job.|This is the first time Elon Musk has made it clear that he is ready to withdraw from Twitter. After his expulsion, he began to grow. In particular, Musk's defeat to Elon Musk was revealed on Twitter on Tuesday, local time, as the first confirmation of Musk's stepping down as CEO. It has been made clear that he will resign from his position as Twitter's top executive. As soon as he was able to find someone "stupid enough" to take over from him, Musk didn't leave his job at Twitter 100 percent completely because he would turn his attention to software and servers. This is the first time Musk has spoken about withdrawing himself from the top executive position of the organization, and the first major comment since Musk lost the vote on his resignation. Elon Musk resigned from Twitter, a voice that doesn't just come from Twitter. But it's also the voices of Wall Street investors, who are starting to feel that Musk is more interested in secondary work on Twitter than the main one at Tesla. It is possible that Elon Musk is likely to start the process of recruiting a professional executive to take over from him, but it is very difficult to predict which top executive will decide to take the hot job.
Xiaomi started laying off 10 percent of its 35,300 employees.|Siao Mi Major smartphone manufacturers from China The decision was made to reduce the number of employees by 10 percent from a total of 35,300 employees. Smartphone giant from China Make a statement It decided to make a major revamp of the organization by reducing the number of employees by 10 percent. There were 35,314 people, the latest figures for September, according to the third quarter of this year. The majority of Siaomi's employees, or 32,609, are based in China, and the rest are based in India and Indonesia, according to the South China Morning Post. The layoffs were due to problems that have been brewing since the outbreak of covid-19, followed by problems caused by the Chinese government's zero-COVID measures, the report added. The global slowdown in the smartphone market was also one of the reasons why Siaomi had to reduce its headcount in November. In its Q3 2022 results, which showed that Siaomi's revenue fell by nearly 10 percent, as well as smartphone sales fell 11 percent year-on-year, with revenue from the Xiaomi smartphone business accounting for 60 percent of the company's total sales. It's not too much of an unexpected thing because big tech companies such as Meta, Twitter and Amazon have all laid off employees.
Tesla customers throw away their booking slips. Explain why you don't like Elon Musk's behavior. |Elon Musk's acquisition of Twitter appears to have affected other brands already owned by Elon Musk, one of them Tesla. When a small number of customers cancel their car bookings and car rental services because they don't like Musk's personal behavior, Elon Musk's new problem has emerged. The problem is not just from the perspective of investors who invest in Tesla stocks, but from the perspective of Tesla customers. Especially with tesla electric car customers. He dismissed a large number of bookings, arguing that it was due to Elon Musk's personality and behavior while managing Tesla's former Twitter client. Elon Musk's personality has influenced and affected the Tesla brand a lot. The client added that he was waiting for the day when the Tesla brand would not have to be tied to Elon's body. Musk, Tesla's next customer Commenting on the abandonment of the booking slip, Twitter has now become a space for spreading a lot of fake news. Twitter's recently enacted policies, which have been ambiguous, lacking clarity, and banning nearly 10 journalists, are hurting Tesla's reputation for abandoning Tesla car bookings. To the point that many customers have stopped using Tesla car rental services. It has a negative impact on Tesla's brandiness, not least because it was previously The class name of the Tesla brand is considered to be a brand that people love and pay wide attention to at the same time. Many investors have noted that Elon Musk spends more time focusing on his hobbies on Twitter than paying attention to core tasks such as full-time management at Tesla. AND IF SINCE THE BEGINNING OF 2022, TESLA'S SHARES HAVE FALLEN BY AS MUCH AS 63 PERCENT. But it's starting to see small cracks and behaviors, as well as unpredictable Elon Musk's expressions, which can be a contributing factor to discredit any brand tied to Elon Musk.
Meta doesn't take away from the Metaverse and pours 20 percent of its budget to the Reality Labs department.|Meta Executives The company has pledged to invest 20 percent of its costs and expenses with the Reality Labs division, which oversees the metaverse division directly next year, announcing a rebranding from Facebook to meta. Mark Zuckerberg in late 2021 officially introduced the new metaverse to the world. It faces a number of problems, including the recession of technology companies around the world, leading to the layoff of tens of thousands of employees. In addition, Reality Labs, which directly oversees the metaverse division, has already burned tens of billions of dollars in company money and has not been able to convert much into revenue even though the situation of the metaverse under metaverse supervision remains not very bright. But Andrew Bosworth Chief Technology Officer of Meta Confirming that Meta is not taking away from the Metaverse and is ready to spend around 20 percent of its costs and expenses on the Reality Labs division next year, Sponsored Andrew Bosworth wrote a blog post on Meta's official website titled "Why we still believe in the future". On that blog, Bosworth Admittedly, developing the metaverse is no longer an easy task, but it is also harder than previously thought, especially due to global economic problems and external pressures. From the questions and doubts about what meta is doing, Bosworth Bosworth believes that Reality Labs engineers have successfully developed Meta Quest Pro, a high-end virtual reality eyewear. Pointing out the emerging optimism of Meta Quest glasses that the popularity of quest stores is now on the rise, which is evidence that meta and their devices are on the right track. Apple has not revealed the names of competitors who could challenge meta, with news that it is launching products that are close to meta in the near future.
Google Hot Chair Open the red code, form a special team, develop chatbots, challenge ChatGPT. |When it comes to chatGPT, which was developed by the OpenAI team, Google, which has long been specializing in artificial intelligence, cannot stand it. Code Red must be opened to combat ChatGPT, which is about to threaten Google's technology security, the New York Times reported. According to the event, it is possible that Google's team of artificial intelligence researchers and related teams should be ready to launch a prototype similar to ChatGPT during Google's annual seminar, better known as Google I/O 2023. Google also needs to carefully consider that chatbot technology, particularly the arrival of ChatGPT, is likely to threaten Google. How to seriously enhance search and advertising systems, Google's core revenue stream.Source : NYTimesSPONSORED
Netflix prepares to move towards eliminating password sharing in the U.S. Effective next year 2023|Netflix The world's largest streaming provider No longer ignore accounts that divide Netflix accounts. It will begin in the U.S. for the first time next year, expected to hit hundreds of millions of users, the Wall Street Journal reported. In 2023, Netflix is preparing to eliminate password sharing among Netflix users in the United States. Although it is unclear how Netflix plans to take action against password-sharing users, it is believed that Netflix will likely force these users to pay additional membership fees during the coming 2022. Have tested additional membership charges. For Netflix users who share passwords in multiple countries Argentina, Dominican Republic, Guatemala, etc., with an average cost increase of US$3 per month. It is possible that Netflix will charge additional services for U.S. users as early as next year. Netflix's service policy regarding sharing accounts states that account sharing should only be shared for residents within the same location. Despite the fact that Netflix account sharing is usually in the form of friends and family who are not on the same eaves, SPONSORED, of course, Netflix has always acknowledged that users have misused account sharing, but they do not take any action even during netflix's declining revenue. The number of subscribers fell after the COVID-19 situation. One of them is the launch of an ad-filled Netflix package.
How to use ChatGPT simply Even if you can't answer everything, you can see the effort (clip)|ChatGPT has also gone viral from people who are interested in technology to people who are not good at technology but are good at chatting that if anyone has tried talking to ChatGPT, they may become addicted to becoming close friends without knowing. ChatGPT stands for Chat Generative Pre-trained Transformer, which is an artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot tool developed by OpenAI with financial support from Microsoft and several other companies, including Tesla celebrity Elon Musk and Twitter. Just four days after its launch on Nov. 30, 2022, about 1 million people have already used it (read more, know ChatGPT is exciting in the tech industry). On the positive side, most of them think that there are advantages that make users feel like talking because of the manner in which they can interact with each other. It's not like a familiar Google search. The weak part is that some of the information is incorrect and not comprehensive enough. How to access ChatGPT is as simple as visiting the website https://chat.openai.com/chat Manage an email subscription, and if you want to know anything, you can type it in. The charm of ChatGPT is that when asked what goes to the chat channel. If ChatGPT can answer, it will be answered through letters that keep coming out, the feeling that we read will be like someone is saying one word at a time, stringed out in sentences. In paragraphs, until the answer is as far as ChatGPT. HAVE SPONSOREDChatgpt For example, when asked what hope is next year, ChatGPT will answer: "Sorry, I can't predict the future or provide information about future events. The available knowledge is the information that has been submitted to learn, which has only been updated until the end of 2021"And the message at the end of the unanswerable ChatGPT does not leave a human interlocutor like us. "If there's a topic you want to ask, I'll try to answer as much as I can", which can be one of the hallmarks of using ChatGPT that makes the conversation not too dry. While some may have experienced a more dry conversation. You can talk to human beings together, but if you ask questions in a way of life, you're not alone. ChatGPT can answer to a certain extent, for example, if you ask why people sleep nightmares or what is the meaning of life, or if you ask for answers with a stationary data set. It hasn't changed much over time. Like how to create a website, buy a Christmas present, or ask for lyrics, it will be a clear answer. In both Thai and English, ChatGPT replied, "Happy to be able to help us. If you have any more questions or would like to help you answer them in the future, don't hesitate to ask them. I'm here to help"New things like ChatGPT are not perfect, but for anyone who wants to try something new, it's highly recommended that chatting with ChatGPT be fun.
European Union Prepare a new legal brew for devices with batteries. It must be easily replaced by yourself.|European Union I'm getting more serious about making smartphone batteries as environmentally friendly as possible. Proposed new legislation for devices with batteries It must be as easy as possible for users to change themselves, the European Union or the EU. The new law may affect electronic brands that will be released in the future. Because the fact that manufacturers have introduced easily replaceable batteries into electronic devices will have a positive effect on sustainability issues and cause users to turn to repair products rather than having to buy them again every time when there is a problem of battery deterioration or improper use due to battery problems dating back more than 20 years ago. Nokia Feature Phone Users can reset all applications. But nowadays, active batteries such as LiPo and Li-ion are batteries with very high levels of difficulty in repairing, and most of them cannot be repaired at the service center level to promote sustainable battery production in the near future. European Union IT USED TO BE STATED THAT ELEMENTS LIKE COBALT AT LEAST 16%, 85% LEAD, 6% LITHIUM AND 6% NICKEL SHOULD COME FROM RECYCLABLE SOURCES. It cannot be changed overnight by the European Union. It chose to give the company about 3.5 years to make gradual changes after passing legislation to design new batteries that users can easily remove and replace. This change may cause companies, electronics companies and the automotive industry to rethink their battery supply. Long-term management of recycling systems and supply chain management to avoid impact on consumers Source: TNW
Samsung aims to launch Galaxy S23 on February 1st next year|Samsung Fan Club The first half of the year's flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S23, is set to be unveiled on February 1 next year, the owner of a Twitter account called @UniverseIce or Ice Universe, which is samsung's data master, tweeted: Samsung Galaxy S23, the flagship smartphone in the first half of 2023, is set to be officially launched on February 1 next year, according to Ice Universe, which makes sense, as February 1 falls on the middle of the week and is already on the same timeline as the galaxy S22 and Galaxy S21 launch periods on February 9, 2022 and January 14, 2021, respectively.
Twitter increases the importance of Twitter Blue subscribers to be more visible than regular users.|Twitter has raised the importance of paid subscribers, also known as Twitter Blue, with users who are willing to spend money on the service to prioritize conversations ahead of regular Twitter users. Updated capabilities for paid Twitter users, also known as Twitter Blue, with a membership rate of $8 per month. Twitter CEO and owner Elon Musk has long suggested that twitter blue subscribers will be particularly visible or visible on the platform. The twitter user's priority adjustment has come into effect. But Twitter doesn't talk much about it clearly from Twitter's point of view, and Elon Musk believes that having a user willing to pay a Twitter Blue membership would be a great help to users on the platform as it could help reduce the visibility of fraudulent accounts. Spam and bot accounts are also prioritized on the platform. Twitter has also given users the opportunity to upload 1-hour-long videos at 2GB file size and 1080p resolution. It only works on the website.SPONSORED Source: The Verge
NBTC joins hands with ECSTAR Signed MOU for space technology development |NBTC Joining hands with "Center of Excellence in Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International College of Aviation Industry (IAAI) Signed an agreement to develop space technology, hoping to build satellites and personnel to support the modern world in line with the national strategy on December 29, 2022. The reporter reported that on December 26, 2022, A memorandum of understanding signing ceremony was held between the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) and the Center of Excellence in Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International College of Aviation Industry (IAAI), King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL). NBTC Secretary-General Mr. Sermsak Yuyen Dean, College of International Aviation Industry SJC Mr. Chanwit Munikanon Chief Executive Officer, Asia Aviation Institute Mr. Sanae Saiwong NBTC Specialist Mr. Jesada Thipmandir Acting Deputy Dean, College of International Aviation Industry Mr. Trairat said that due to technological advances that are entering the digital edge, which involves the use of spectrum and telecommunication services through satellite networks and 5G telecommunication networks to provide new services related to space and aircraft. This is in line with the National Strategy B.E. 2561-2580. The memorandum of understanding is 2 years, and the cooperation will lead to the goal of launching LEO satellites into deep space to benefit the research and development of Thailand's space personnel. Mr. Sermsak said the collaboration is to promote knowledge of various technologies, including space, earth exploration satellites, and other technologies. Nowadays, technology is evolving by leaps and bounds. The creation of technological innovations will be the knowledge that comes to support new professions in the future, which has a huge value in line with the national strategy. At present, Thailand still has a large shortage of personnel in this field, so it is necessary to develop and enhance knowledge, which will support the world developing skills in the 21 century for the new generation to be creative. Work and life skills
 Electric vehicles, flying taxis are coming true in 2023.|Flying electric vehicles (eVTOL) are coming soon. Imagine when you look into the sky and you'll see a plane or a small motor vehicle flying over. Transporting people to different points like flying taxis without any noise or smoke causing pollution, and most importantly, not having to face traffic jams and spending less time than traveling on the road. With flying electric taxi services, the trend or technology trend 2023 and the image of electric flying vehicles are getting closer to reality. Many companies are currently developing innovative flying electric vehicles, such as Vertical Aerospace, based in Bristol, England, which began testing the VX4 at the beginning of 2022, taking about 10 minutes to fly, and then resume development in preparation for another test flight in 2023. The goal is that once the test works well, it will work well. Licensed and shuttle services are expected in 2025SPONSORED at Vertical Aerospace's website, comparing travel times from Heathrow Airport. The 38.5km road trip takes 1 hour and 22 minutes, but if you take a taxi to fly the VX4, the distance is 31.4 kilometers, it takes only 13 minutes. The story of the fantasy that used to be in the movie will soon come true in our lives, according to the BBC, Volocopter and Vertical Aerospace.
Microsoft considers bringing ChatGPT together with Bing to launch Google Search battles|Microsoft is set to integrate ChatGPT's robust capabilities with Bing to enhance search engines and fight against market leaders like Google with the arrival of ChatGPT chatbots. According to the latest report, Microsoft is preparing to launch a new binge that uses ChatGPT technology for searching for information and answering questions that require answers. Microsoft has been investing in OpenAI, which has been developing ChatGPT since 2019, and some agreements have been made to integrate some of the ChatGPT with the launch of Bing, which has ChatGPT behind its work. Microsoft also wants to continue to investigate in depth how much data coming from ChatGPT can guarantee its accuracy.
Withings unveils urine health reader at CES 2023|Withings unveiled a new device called U-Scan, a urine health reader that can also be connected to an iPhone at CES 2023. The U-Scan resembles a pebble with a diameter of 90 mm installed on the toilet, and then the device collects urine through a designed urine compartment, inside which there is a sensor for detecting heat and a sheet of data tape, and then continues to read the chemical reaction when the U-Scan measurement is completed. Interestingly, U-Scan can sync values to iPhones through the Withings app, and the machine also has the ability to distinguish each user's urine by watching the movement of urine. In terms of performance, Withings stated that one reading tape inside the U-Scan lasts about 3 months and has two operating modes, Nutri Balance and Cycle Sync. Cycle Sync is the value that shows the forecast of the menstrual cycle and ovulation of women. Intends to launch U-Scan in the second quarter of 2023 in Europe. It costs 499.99 per piece and includes one piece of data reading tape in the package source: MacRumors.
Apple announces March 1, 2023 price hike on iPhone iPad MacBook battery|Apple is preparing to raise the price of batteries for devices ranging from iPhones to iPads to depleted MacBooks by $20-50 or 890-1,499 baht from March 1. The new iPad price adds 1,499 baht, let's start with the price of iPad battery service on the Apple Device Repair Service website. If you choose the latest iPad Pro 6 Wi-Fi and Cellular battery replacement service, the battery price is 7,190 baht, followed by the text below.https://support.apple.com/th-th/ipad/repair https://support.apple.com/ipad/repair iPhone batteries cost 890 baht if you look at iPhone battery replacement information on Apple's Thailand website, where https://support.apple.com/th-th/iphone/repair/ choose to replace iPhone 14 Pro Max battery, the final service fee is 3,850 baht, while on Apple https://support.apple.com/iphone/repair it is priced at 99 USD. In summary, the current out-of-warranty battery service fee will remain in effect until the end of February 2023, and from March 1, 2023, the out-of-warranty battery service fee will increase by USD 20, or THB 890 in Thailand, for all predecessor iPhone 14 iPhones, 1,000 new MacBook batteries. For those who use a MacBook at Apple's parent company, https://support.apple.com/mac/repair and Thai https://support.apple.com/th-th/mac/repair, the price of the new MacBook battery will increase, both the MacBook Air group will increase by 30 USD or in Thailand by 1,100 baht, the MacBook Pro price will increase by 50 USD or in Thailand by 1,409 baht from 1 March when you look at the valuation data, such as replacing the original 11-inch MacBook Air battery in 2015, which is estimated at 129 USD or 4,890 THB, and if it is a 2022 MacBook Pro 13-inch M2 at 7,890 THB, which, as mentioned, will last until the end of February.
Sony unveils Leonardo Project for Disabled Game Controllers at CES 2023|Sony, the owner of the PlayStation platform, announced the launch of a new project called Leonardo, a controller for people with disabilities, carrying customization capabilities to their needs, at CES 2023. Launched Project Leonardo, a device that Sony has been developing for some time. The device is similar to a UFO with hubs and disassembled plates so that users can customize the controller according to their needs and match the physical characteristics of the disabled. It does not work alone, but has partnered with AbleGamers, SpecialEffect and Stack Up to ensure that this product is useful to a wide range of users. It is still in the development stage and is not ready for commercial release anytime soon.
TCL launches RayNeo X2 glasses, aims to set augmented reality innovation standards|TCL is a TV manufacturer from China. Send AR glasses named TCL RayNeo X2 designed for everyday use. Aiming to elevate the 3D world at CES 2023, TCL is a Chinese company with a reputation as the world's largest TV producer. RayNeo X2 AR glasses were introduced, and the design resembles the 3D glasses used in TCL cinemas. RayNeo X2 glasses are designed to support everyday use. In the glasses section, a microLED screen is inserted to display content floating in front of both eyes. So, this TCL Augmented Reality goggle can be used for GPS navigation, automatic translation. Call Text notifications, as well as the ability to take photos, videos, and listen to RayNeo X2 music. It is the glasses that TCL wants to pave the way for the Augmented Reality market, a technology that may become mainstream in the near future. It is not yet open to the general public anytime soon, as developers still want to prepare all aspects before launching. The public is expected to see it together as early as March through May, but when the RayNeo X2 is officially released, it could have a different feature than TCL's presentation at CES 2023.
"GISTDA Director" Aiming to develop Thai space business Create a dream for the next generation|"GISTDA Director" Target 3-5 years to develop Thai space business Use the Wiang Pa Pao Laboratory as a starting point. Make your dreams come true with the next generation of children Today's technology is very close. On January 6, 2022, Mr. Pakorn Apaphan The Director of the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) spoke about the collaboration with the Communications Commission. Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (DES) Space Technology Laboratory opened at Wiang Pa Pao Technical College Wiang Pa Pao Chiang Rai province said that the opening of the space technology laboratory to promote knowledge to the youth in the area and make the northern region have a space technology learning center. As well as the creation and development of specialized personnel, representatives of public and private sectors supported Mr. Pokorn, who said that space technology is not far from people. Anyone can learn and access it from anywhere. We often talk about space, satellites, because it's about upstream, where industrial systems are built and then very continuously until their application. Thailand has been familiar with the application for 20-30 years, but today we will expand to this zone. Technology coupled with application Hopefully, it will be useful to the area, because this is the first place, we will see it as a starting point and hope for success. "We have a clear aim for where Thailand will go in space affairs, but to get there, we need support from both the government and the government. private sector Now we are starting to build and aim that within 3-5 years, if we can build smaller satellites and operate more systems, the picture will be clear. This is where we create people who we already have access to and can go more thoroughly," Mr. Pokorn said.
Twitter prepares to relax political ads After the earnings plummeted.|Elon Musk has reversed his political advertising policy as Twitter's revenue declined. The world's largest social media provider said they were preparing to relax politically relevant policies for the first time since Elon Musk acquired Twitter for $44 billion. Political advertising was banned in 2019 after Jack Dorsey, the former CEO and co-founder of Twitter, restricted the promotion of political ads, however, by the time Elon Musk stepped in to become the new Twitter owner in October 2022, buyers of ads that regularly advertised with Twitter temporarily stopped buying ads because they feared content that could create divisions on the Twitter platform. As a result of them returning their Twitter accounts to Donald Trump, as well as the cases of Andrew Tate and Kanye. West, after insisting on resuming political advertising. For Twitter, their main revenue comes from the ad system, accounting for 90 percent, or $5.1 billion, throughout 2021, but the 2022 figures are likely to be even lower as Twitter suspended ad purchases and expects to see definitive figures in its fourth quarter 2022 earnings report.
Don't win every month, Sony's PlayStation 5 shortage is over.|PlayStation 5, a console that has experienced a shortage since its launch due to COVID-19 Sony has pledged that the shortage of PS5 consoles is over. Speaking at CES 2023, Sony's head of gaming Ryan, Sony's head of gaming has now sold more than 30 million PlayStation 5s, more than the last sales figure released in November. First released in November 2020, acquiring the PS5 owner was so difficult due to supply chain issues that limited each PS5 release across all channels, Jim Ryan thanked fans for waiting for the PlayStation 5 despite the company's overwhelming demand for the device amid global challenges over the past two years.
OpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT, is ready to sell some of its shares to investors.|OpenAI, the developer of the world-trending chatbot ChatGPT, is in talks to sell its shares to interested investors, with the company's total value now reaching $29 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported. OpenAI, the creator of the famous chatbox, ChatGPT, is in talks to sell some of the company's shares, which is likely to raise as much as $300 million. Interestingly, Microsoft had the idea to make ChatGPT part of its own search engine called Bing, and it could make the competition in the search engine business more interesting.
Twitter employees began to whil behind smelly bathrooms, as Elon Musk cut company costs.|Since taking over Twitter, Elon Musk has continued to reduce the company's internal expenses, including maintenance workers in the New York office, which has left the office's bathrooms unsanitary and has begun to emit a foul smell throughout the business report. Insider In the last 3 days, Twitter employees, who are based in the Chelsea area in the middle of New York City, have encountered unforeseen problems, particularly in bathrooms, because they started smelling bad. Toilets are clogged. The problem is also caused by the company's owner, Elon Musk, who has reduced costs, which includes reducing costs associated with toilet care and maintenance. Employees have reported problems through the Slack app, including sending emails to someone in the company to solve this problem, because the issue of dilapidated bathrooms is not a joke, but it has not been dealt with in any way, of course, the lack of basic facilities for employees, especially the bathroom, has affected the morale of employees quite a bit. Admittedly, some of my fellow employees have to bring their own toilet paper from home. When asked about the matter, a Twitter spokesperson did not respond or comment on Twitter's internal cuts, as well as the revelations that food and snacks, which were originally available to employees, had been cancelled, as well as the sudden closure of the main U.S. data center to save the company's money. As a result, when employees have problems with work equipment, they will lack a team to help immediately. It eventually became a frustration for working people.
Samsug Galaxy S23 set to launch February 1|Samsung's Galaxy S23 launch is approaching, and it seems that the launch of Samsung's flagship smartphone is likely to take place on February 1, following Samsung's Colombian website. One of the first high-end smartphones to be released in 2023 is the Samsung Galaxy S23 from Samsung. It posted a promotional photo of the launch event. Galaxy Unpacked 2023, which will be the launch stage of the Galaxy S23, has clearly indicated the date of its official launch on February 1st. Information from Samsung Colombia Nothing much about the Galaxy S23 product body, except for the image of the leaf, lilac flowers in the left corner, which is likely to be related to the color name that will be available for purchase of the Galaxy S23.
Hackers obtained email and phone numbers of more than 200 million Twitter users.|Hackers Forum Posts It said it had accessed email and phone numbers of more than 200 million Twitter users. If true, it's another major hack in the tech world. The hack happened before Elon. Musk will own Twitter Alon Gaul. Co-founder of Hudson Rock, an Israeli cybersecurity company More than 200 million twitter users, including emails and phone numbers, have been found to have stolen twitter users' data, including emails and phone numbers, the hackers said on the hackers' forums. The owner of the world's most famous social media platform. It declined to answer questions, and it is unclear whether the matter has been dealt with in the investigation. It is very difficult to say that the information that is posted on hacker forums is factual information. According to the claims, it has not been revealed exactly which hackers or groups it belongs to, but if so, the hackers are likely to have successfully accessed Twitter data in 2021, which is the time before Elon Musk took over Twitter.Source: The Guardian
Microsoft and LinkedIn launch Skills for Jobs project to pave the way for Thais to the digital economy|Microsoft and Link-in Launched Skills for Jobs project, creating opportunities for Thais to access over 350 courses free of charge. Paving the way for exponential career growth in the digital economy era. The President of Microsoft (Thailand) Co., Ltd. revealed that data from the Digital Economy Agency (DEPA) indicates that Thailand's digital economy is likely to grow at a double-digit rate in 2023. Microsoft intends to be one of thailand's driving forces. Especially in technology, to drive digital transformation together in the field of personnel. Microsoft wants to empower Thai people to fully enter the era of business creation and innovation in born in Thailand. The Skills for Jobs project aims to enhance digital skills for more than 10 million people worldwide by 2025, building on the Global Skills Initiative (GSI) that has helped more than 80 million people around the world access resources to learn digital skills. Microsoft supports more than 14 million learners in Asia through learning platforms such as LinkedIn and Microsoft Learn, with 534,000 Thai learners. From building digital skills at a basic level. To deeper technical skills and to other certificates and certifications that give students more job opportunities. Once you've completed one of the courses, you'll be able to complete it. The announcement will help continue Microsoft's mission to provide more inclusive and equitable access to economic opportunities through channels for success amid the ongoing digital economy. All courses in this program can be taught via LinkedIn at the opportunity.linkedin.com website, as well as other courses such as Microsoft Community Training (MCT).
Bloomberg reports Apple unveils plans to launch AR and VR devices in the middle of this year|Mark German Owner of Bloomberg Newsletter Power On Apple intends to launch its own AR and VR devices ahead of WWDC 2023 in June, Mark German reported on Bloomberg's Power On newsletter program. "In the past, we've had a lot Apple has sent a handful of developers to test the prototype hardware of augmented reality and virtual reality devices, however, the AR and VR headsets under the Apple brand have not yet reached the point of completion because many bugs are still needed to fix the flaws that have occurred in both hardware and software. "According to the previous launch timeline that Apple will launch its first AR and VR headsets in January 2023, it is correct, but the launch timeline has to be postponed due to device unavailability.
Instagram launches new features Subscriptions adds support channels for favorite creators|Ever since, Netflix has gained wide popularity. As a result, subscriptions or subscription systems have become a trend. Recently, Instagram also released a subscription feature. In order to support users' favorite creators, even though subscriptions have occurred that many people have begun to question whether it is approaching saturation point, signs of a slowdown in the subscription system are not the latest. Instagram, the world's most popular social media The subscription system has already been introduced as part of the platform. It allows Instagram users to subscribe to their favorite creators. The Subscriptions tab must first visit your Instagram personal profile page. Then go to Followers or Followings, which will see a new tab on the far right called Loyalty Program or Subscriptions. Users can also visit the Instagram profile page of their favorite creators and choose to subscribe. Prices range from 33 baht to 329 baht. THE ADVANTAGE OF THIS FEATURE FROM INSTAGRAM UPDATES IS THAT IT GIVES CREATORS THE OPPORTUNITY TO EARN MORE COMPETITIVE REVENUE, AS WELL AS PROVIDING INSTAGRAM WITH AN ALTERNATIVE REVENUE STREAM. Subscriptions Instagram users in Thailand can now subscribe to their favorite creators.
Steam sets new record Up to 10 million simultaneous gamers|Steam DB Revealing interesting figures from the famous gaming platform Steam. Up to 10 million players have played the game simultaneously. But if you count online alone, it's 32 million people. Valve's distribution and gaming platform set a new record over the weekend, with more than 10 million players playing simultaneously for the first time, according to SteamDB. There are 32,186,301 online gamers on the Steam platform, in fact, Steam has consistently broken records since the beginning of 2020, in line with the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of March 2022, there were 30 million simultaneous online steam users. Of course, it is still a popular game that the whole world is crazy about. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, which has more than 1 million simultaneous players, followed by DOTA 2 in second place with nearly 800,000 figures, but surprisingly, third place with the game called Goose Goose Duck, which is considered the most successful on record. Of the 640,324 concurrent players, the Verge
Twitter shred staff down again, hitting the content moderation team.|Twitter, under Elon Musk, has cut its workforce once again, with at least a dozen employees laid off on Friday. Under its new owner, Elon Musk, it has again cut staff working on content moderation on the Twitter platform. The cuts to content moderation positions were part of the last cut of at least 12 employees as of Friday night, with the cuts affecting employees stationed in Dublin and Singapore. Twitter Head of Trust and Security It confirmed the layoffs as true, but refused to identify the positions that had been cut. However, she said Twitter plans to add more employees who have been handling complaints from appeals that have been on the platform since Elon's tenure of Twitter. Musk believes the Tesla co-founder should have laid off more than 5,000 employees from the previous 7,500. Twitter continues to face other issues. Whether it's a lawsuit over unpaid expenses, including rent for an office in San FranciscoSPONSORED Source: Bloomberg
Google Play and App Store encounter fake ChatGPT applications invading the platform|ChatGPT's heat flows have resulted in a large number of fake ChatGPT-themed applications on Google Play and the App Store. ChatGPT is a hot phenomenon in the internet world, with artificial intelligence running in the background, which has led to fake applications similar to ChatGPT popping up on Google Play and app stores. Fake ChatGPT charges up to $7.99 per week and a monthly fee of up to $49.99 for the functionality of the ChatGPT apps listed in the Google Play and app stores. ChatGPT, under development by OpenAI, is currently being developed as an application for the iOS operating system, but there is no clear timeframe for when it will be available: Gizmodo
Microsoft to invest another $10 billion in OpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT.|Microsoft is set to increase its investment in OpenAI, the company behind the development of ChatGPT, by as much as $10 billion, with the goal of creating a ripple effect in the Microsoft search engine competitiveness. OpenAI, the creator of ChatGPT, a chatbot that uses artificial intelligence and has raised global awareness, Semafor reports, claims that Microsoft is in talks with OpenAI to invest more. After spending billions of dollars in OpenAI over the years, Microsoft's investment in OpenAI is a complex deal. On the one hand, Microsoft will receive 75 percent of OpenAI's profits until the agreed figure is reached, then the company's internal structure will be restructured, with Microsoft holding 49 percent of the shares in the company, followed by other investors with 49 percent, and the remaining 2 percent belonging to nonprofit companies, according to the same report. Interestingly, this could be a major shake-up of the search engine business, because of its capabilities, the features of ChatGPT have overlapping with the capabilities of the original search engine, and it is Google's core and key business, which holds a 90 percent share of the search market.
Microsoft launches VALL-E, an artificial intelligence that can simulate sound in 3 seconds|Microsoft has triggered a buzz with the launch of an artificial intelligence called VALL-E, which is trained to recognize voices. From just 3 seconds of learning, a team of Microsoft researchers Launched VALL-E, an artificial intelligence model that can accurately convert speech and simulate sound. Once artificial intelligence has learned the voice, VALL-E can synthesize the person's voice while mimicking the speaker's tone and mood with Microsoft. Called VALL-E, it is a linguistic model converted from neural signals, driven by artificial intelligence, and trained in VALL-E's voice synthesis function using the LibriLight audio library of meta documentation Microsoft documents. According to VALL-E, more than 60,000 hours of learning comes from different English species. More than 7,000 speakers and learning through public domains at the same time. Microsoft has shown how well VALL-E works on Github's website, with the results surprisingly realistic, but there are times when the sound is still human, something to learn and improve. Microsoft plans to expand its training. Learning beyond THE GOAL IS TO IMPROVE THE PERFORMANCE OF THE MODEL TO RESEMBLE REAL PEOPLE AND REDUCE THE USE OF AMBIGUOUS WORDS. Microsoft has opted not to develop VALL-E in open source because there may be risks associated with misuse of this model, such as counterfeiting. It is possible that once vall-E development is achieved at its most advanced stage, it may be developed into a high-quality text-to-speech application Source: Arstechnica
OpenAI to pilot development of premium version of ChatGPT Professional Chatbot|OpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT, is preparing to earn money from its cool products by sending ChatGPT Professional premium paid chatbots as one of the long-term monetization channels after ChatGPT has created a worldwide buzz. OpenAI has not yet announced the membership price for accessing ChatGPT Professional, but it does allow interested parties to list in the form of Waitlst before the eligibility of those who subscribe to ChatGPT Professional is to be used at any time. With the arrival of ChatGPT, Microsoft is trying to integrate ChatGPT's capabilities with Microsoft's search service Bing, paving the way for the next fight against Google until now, believing that ChatGPT is likely to generate at least $200 million in OpenAI revenue by 2023. Microsoft's investment in OpenAI will be made in the near future. Microsoft will have a 49 percent stake in OpenAI, with the remaining 51 percent going to other investors and the last 2 percent going to nonprofits.
Samsung launches Live A New Day campaign to elevate appliances as part of lifestyle|Samsung launches Live A New Day campaign for new era 2023, hoping to mold electrical appliances as part of everyday lifestyle Confident to become the market leader in Thai electrical appliances within 3 years, Jennifer Song, President of Thai Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., revealed that 2022 has just passed. The consumer electronics market is very attractive due to the premium products, which include TVs. Air conditioning and refrigerator are provided. There is significantly high growth. As a result, sales of Samsung's premium appliances have doubled, in line with the overall market direction, said Jennifer Song, adding that people in the post-COVID-19 era have come up with a desire to refurbish their homes. In order to meet the needs of everyone in the home, Samsung came up with the idea to develop products in the Bespoke group, which are appliances that can be customized to reflect each person's lifestyle. It brings out the owner's identity prominently and meets the needs of life as much as possible. President Thai Samsung Electronics Unveiling the company's subsequent demands by aiming to bring Samsung to number one in the consumer electronics market in Thailand. The time frame is set at 3 years, but to become the number one consumer electronics market in Thailand. Samsung Choose how to use SmartThings' innovative methods, which seamlessly connect Samsung devices. They don't see TVs as mere entertainment devices. Air conditioners are not just refrigeration, so it's a good start to everyone's day, and Jennifer Song also said that Samsung has the advantage of having smartphones under the Samsung brand. Galaxy, which is the core of connecting all types of devices and appliances, as well as using bespoke products that are innovative, innovative and match the lifestyle of premium customers. This is growing significantly for the launch of electrical products throughout 2023. Thai Samsung Electronics It states that there are likely to be more than 100 models available on the market.
President Joe Biden Call for tackle tech harassment by Big Tech companies|President Joe Biden Put measures in place to manage leading tech companies, especially in the event of technological harassment, from privacy issues to the design of President Biden's algorithms. Give bad news to the leading companies in the tech world, also known as Big Tech, that President Joe Biden's administration has been in charge. Joe Biden says he's worried about someone in the tech industry. Collect, share and utilize users' personal information. President Biden has cited the need to intervene to prevent technological harassment, including privacy. Algorithmic responsibility and competition for privacy The U.S. president is deeply concerned about leading technology companies. There is a high level of data collection, use, and sharing, mainly for ad targeting, so it wouldn't come as a surprise if the near future sees the White House enact more laws to regulate Big Tech companies. President Biden said tech companies must be held accountable for the spread of content and algorithms used, and that they must disclose the transparency of algorithms. What should be pushed is to increase competition, because if there is no competition, Big Tech companies can take advantage of smaller competitors, thus preventing the state of competition.
Bill Gates answers Reddit's question, reveals his love for The White Lotus series, impressed by AI development|Bill Gates, a prominent businessman and co-founder of Microsoft. Responding to questions from netizens from the 11th Reddit Ask Me Anything forum, commenting on a number of issues, including HBO's The White Lotus series, the development of artificial intelligence, and the book being read, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates logged into his Reddit account to answer questions in the 11th Ask Me Anything session. On the subject of artificial intelligence Bill Gates added that he is now satisfied with the leap forward of artificial intelligence and thinks it could create a major phenomenon, especially the technology revolution. 3.Climate change and 4.Positive advancing artificial intelligence On the issue of being a grandfather, Bill Gates expanded on the question he asked: "Setting a good example will help children the most, and that he will share life lessons with his grandchildren and give them time to take care of them, especially when they need it from us. Gates said he hopes to have more time for his grandchildren to share his passion for the world and ensure a better future in politics, health, climate, https://www.gatesnotes.com/ etc. Mukherjee Bill Gates praised HBO's The White Lotus series especially in season 2, congratulating Jennifer Coolidge, who recently won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, Netflix's MADOFF: The Monster of Wall Street documentary and Tehran series. The blockbuster Avatar: The Way of Water is one he's just watched, and it's a great entertainment experience.
Twitter considers selling username in auction form|Twitter is considering new ways to earn money, one of which is to open an auction for a username, the New York Times reported. Twitter owner Elon Musk is looking for a way to make money for the company by launching an online auction. It is unclear whether this plan will affect all or only part of its username if it goes back to early December. Twitter is working hard to earn money beyond its ad system. The reason for this is because the arrival of Elon Musk has caused a lot of confidence among the owners of sponsored ads, so the whole world has seen changes to Twitter's advertising policies, such as the return of political advertising and the acceleration of the service of Twitter Blue, Twitter's loyalty program.
Former Twitter co-founder duo opens Mastodon account|Twitter's two former co-founders include Biz. Stone and Evan Williams He opened a Mastodon account after his Twitter experience changed to Bloomberg News Agency. Biz revealed. Stone, one of the four co-founders of Twitter Admittedly, the current Twitter experience isn't as good as it used to be. Even his body wasn't sure what had happened or what he had done wrong afterwards. Stone went on to say that he chose to open a Mastodon's account. A decentralized social media platform, which many Twitter users choose to use in parallel with Twitter. Back in early December 2022, Stone opened up to criticism of Elon Musk, Twitter's current owner, stating that Musk wasn't a serious person. He does something like playing sports, but it really affects people. Evan Williams also revealed that he has applied for a Mastodon account, preferring Mastodon's platform development concept in terms of decentralization and being an open platform at the same time. Evan Williams also commented that it's not a good idea to have mainstream social media platforms too strong. Because it makes new ideas not accessible to many users. However, at this time, the whole world is in a position to look for alternatives. Mastodon is a social media platform founded in 2016 when Elon Musk took over as Twitter owner. As a result, Mastodon's active users have gradually grown from around 300,000 users to 2.5 million between October and November last year. If Mastodon releases december 2022 user figuresSPONSORED Source: Bloomberg, Business Insider
Twitter is reportedly deliberately suspending third-party clients like Tweetbot and Twitterrific from accessing the API.|Twitter, the world's largest social network It has been reported that they deliberately suspended API services to third-party client applications, including Tweetbot and Twitterrific, reports several international media outlets. Twitter has announced that it is thinking of blocking access to the API (Application programming interface) of third-party client applications such as Tweetbot and Twitterrific. It's unclear whether blocking access to the API was Elon Musk's intention on Twitter. It declined to comment on the matter, source: Android Police, The Information.
Google Translate supports offline translation in an additional 33 languages.|Google Translate Google's translation service has updated support for offline translation in 33 other languages around the world to make travelers more comfortable during their trip. Translate Empowering users around the world In this round, up to 33 languages in all 33 languages are supported offline. There is no need to connect to the Internet as long as the user has downloaded these language packages for offline languages. INTERESTINGLY, THESE NEWLY UPDATED LANGUAGES ARE AVAILABLE. It has users ranging from hundreds of thousands to millions of people, especially Zulu, which has around 12 million active users. So google's update will widen the borders of the language, and translation should be done more quickly. When a user is in an area where the language is used, source: Google
Apple is set to launch its first batch of 2023 products this week, sources said.|Apple is preparing to launch its first product for 2023 with no specific date yet, as there is no event to launch this round, but Apple will release news on its website instead of a 9to5Mac website report. In fact, Apple had been thinking about releasing both new MacBook Pro models for months, but had to cancel them first because of some delays. That's because the product has only changed so little, of course, Apple's product launch plans can happen or cancel at the last moment. Anything is possible: 9to5Mac
Canalys reveals 17 percent drop in global smartphone shipments in Q4 2022|Canalys released global smartphone shipments for the fourth quarter of 2022, showing that the smartphone industry experienced a contraction. Shipments fell 17 percent. Technology Industry Market Analysis Company releases latest report The company revealed that smartphone shipments in the fourth quarter of 2022 saw a 17 percent decrease in smartphone shipments from the same period in 2021, the main reason for the failure to meet the target of smartphone shipments in the fourth quarter of 2022. This is due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In some countries, especially China, the economic conditions are not very good. As a result, the overall picture of the smartphone industry is not as scorching as it should be. Apple was able to rise to the top of the brands with the highest shipments in the fourth quarter of 2022 thanks to the release of the iPhone 14SPONSORED, while Samsung ranked second. In 2022, the chances of the smartphone business recovering can also be seen, as supply chain problems should improve. However, it is also reliant on inflation and economic uncertainty that could hold back the smartphone business.
Microsoft confirms it is preparing to lay off more than 10,000 employees|Microsoft confirms plans to lay off more than 10,000 employees By the end of March, it had accounted for 5 percent of Microsoft's total workforce. Microsoft confirmed in a memo released Wednesday morning U.S. Standard Time about Microsoft's plans for another major layoff. More than 10,000 employees will be affected. Microsoft employs more than 2.2 lakh people, meaning this layoff represents 5 percent of the total workforce, Bloomberg reports. He said the layoffs would be the biggest impact on Microsoft's staffing. Even at the end of last year. Microsoft has also experienced a round of layoffs. This is largely due to the economic challenges of the recent announced layoffs. It comes after Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella acknowledged that the tech industry will face new challenges in the next two years, while acknowledging that Microsoft is not immune to global change. In the midst of a recessionSPONSORED Source: The Verge, Bloomberg
Getty Images sued Stability AI, the developer of the AI imaging app, for copyright infringement.|Getty Image prepares to file a lawsuit against Stability AI for copyright infringement of Getty Image, a well-known stock image provider It said they were in the process of filing a legal lawsuit in the UK against Stability AI, the developer of the AI-based imagery app, for allegedly infringing Getty's copyright. Imagegetty Image Stability AI copied and processed millions of their images by unlicensed means. Or it can be said that Stability AI infringes copyright without paying any royalties or compensation to the creator or platform owner. The learning of artificial intelligence is in trouble because on many occasions AI has learned copyrighted images, which means that there must be images that do not have the consent of the copyright owner or the image owner, and there is a strong chance that the owners of those images will not be paid as they should. Stability AI confirms that they take copyright seriously, but it is unusual because Stability AI is aware of this from media reports.
Apple unveils MacBook Pro and Mac mini with M2 Pro and M2 Max chips|Apple has launched a new product for 2023. Apple announced its first new product of 2023, the launch of the 14-inch and 16-inch MacBook Pro under the M2 Pro and M2 Max chipsets. Under the M2 Pro chip, there is a 10-core or 12-core CPU consisting of 8 high-performance cores and 4 high-energy saving cores with 200GB/s integrated memory bandwidth and up to 32GB of integrated memory to support the larger scale of the MacBook Pro with M2 Max chip. The 16-inch MacBook Pro supports Wi-Fi 6E technology as well as advanced HDMI that supports 8K monitors, while the M2 Max chip model supports up to 96GB of integrated memory with a Liquid Retina XDR monitor that supports 1080p FaceTime HD cameras, 6-speaker audio, and studio-quality microphones for the new 14-inch MacBook Pro with M2 Pro chip starting at $73,900. The 900th comes a Mac mini with M2 and M2 Pro chipsets, with a point of sale where the design is compact. Mac mini with M2 chip with M2 chip with M2 chip has an 8-core CPU consisting of 4 high-performance cores and 4 high-energy saving cores with 10-core GPU. The M2 connection has 2 Thunderbolt 4 ports and supports up to 2 monitors, while models with the M2 Pro chip have 4 Thunderbolt 4 ports and support up to 3 monitors. 1 port, 1 Gigabit Ethernet with 10GB option and headphone jack, as well as support for Wi-Fi 6E and Bluetooth 5.3Mac mini with M2 chip from 20,900 THB and Mac mini with M2 Pro chip from 45,900 THB.
Apple has the idea of developing a second-generation Augmented Reality headset. The price is lower than the first model.|Although Apple has not yet scheduled the release of its first Augmented Reality headphones, there is a buzz that Apple is in the process of developing a second generation, focusing on customers who are on a budget and cheaper than the first generation, The Information and Bloomberg. Apple said it had the idea to develop a second-generation Augmented Reality headset, making it cheaper than the first generation. Apple's first Augmented Reality headset is roughly scheduled to launch during WWDC 2023, Apple's annual seminar, and is likely to be available at the end of 2023. The Augmented Reality headset, under the Apple brand, is likely to be launched as Reality Pro and Reality One, with Reality Pro being the most expensive model in the lineup. While the Reality One is a model with a lower price level, it is possible that the Reality Pro may cost as much as US$3,000 (about 100,000 baht), but the Reality One model should be cheaper, which may have a similar price level to the Meta Quest Pro of US$1,500.
TikTok adds more state-media related video labels in 40 countries around the world.|TikTok is preparing to add labels that represent video content that is relevant to the governments of each country. The policy follows a pilot launched in March last year to expand labels on media-related content controlled by the governments of each country. It's not. The labels that appear use the words state-controlled media to indicate and more clearly indicate that each tick-to-a account is relevant. Linked to the government of any country. It also prevents the use of social media for propaganda with TikTok's policy of adding media labels to the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The label will now be extended to 40 other countries around the world, including China. TikTok confirms that they have worked with a lot of experts. To ensure that everything is accurate. Transparent for tick-to-a in the eyes of U.S. oligarchs They have also been questioned about their privacy policy. In particular, the data of users in the United States on whether there is a chance of being controlled by the Chinese government. It's not. Many U.S. government organizations have chosen to ban the installation of tick-to-a apps on government-owned devices so that no confidential part of the information is leaked.
Google reveals android 13 usage accounts for 5.2 percent of global usage|Google reports the proportion of users using Android operating systems worldwide. Find the newest Android 13 About 5.2 percent of users have been active since just five months after the launch, Google reported. The developers of the Android operating system revealed that at this time, The latest version of Android 13 was first released on August 15, 2022. After more than 5 months of releasing the update, Android 13 usage is now at 5.2 percent of all Android devices, the main reason why android 13's share reaches 5.2 percent is due to the update to Samsung, OnePlus, and Sony fast Android 13 operating systems, while previous Android 12 operating systems, including Android 12L, were developed specifically for dual-screen use. Android has an 18.9 percent market share in older operating systems, especially Android 8 Oreo, Android 7 Nougat has already reached a share of less than 10 percent. As for Android 4.4, KitKat has only 0.7 percent share.
Leaked documents reveal Samsung Galaxy S23 uses Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset worldwide|Samsung's hopeful flagship smartphone, Galaxy S23, which is set to launch on February 1, will use Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset globally over the years. Samsung's flagship smartphone is divided into two chipsets. Samsung has opted to use Qualcomm's chipsets, but if it's the European market or some Asian countries, samsung's Exynos itself has repeatedly compared Qualcomm's chipsets to superior to Exynos, leading to online claims that it's time for Samsung to launch its flagship smartphone with all Qualcomm chipsets until last year. Samsung and Qualcomm have signed an agreement. It was later revealed that Samsung's flagship smartphone will be based on Qualcomm's latest chipset in the galaxy S23 launch segment that will take place on February 1. A document obtained by the 9to5Google website claims that the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset prepared for Galaxy S23 will come with the official name Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 Mobile Platform for Galaxy, with a clock tune of up to 3.36GHz, while other galaxy S23 specifications that have been revealed online include: In addition, the Galaxy S23 Ultra model will have an interesting selling point: a 200-megapixel camera and a large 5,000 mAh battery.
Yum Brands admits ransomware attack affects UK operations|Yam Brand The owner of a well-known restaurant chain with a large network of fast food chains such as KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut has admitted to being attacked by ransomware brands. A statement issued on its official website said the ransomware attack, which affected the technology system, caused many parts of the system to be offline. For 24 hours, although a hacker's ransomware attack affected Yambrand's restaurant operations in the UK, it had to report it to US federal law enforcement at the same time. On the yam brand side It also confirmed that an investigation is underway into the issue, adding that customer data remains secure. It is not clear when the ransomware attack occurred or how the company's system was compromised. It is not expected that this event will have a significant negative impact on the restaurant business and the company's operating results Source: YumSPONSORED
Reed Hastings Netflix's founder stepped down as co-CEO of the company.|Reed Hastings Netflix's founder and co-CEO has stepped down. After working in the company where he built the business for more than 20 years, Netflix Revealed via the official web blog Resignation of Reed Hastings Co-CEO After more than two decades at the helm of the company, Netflix's chief executive has changed. In 2020, Netflix nominated Ted Sarandos. Having previously worked in content, he became CEO alongside Reed Hastings, however, his work as a co-CEO of Netflix will continue. Greg Peters, chief operating officer or COO, has been appointed to work with Ted Sarandos, although Reed Hastings is no longer working as co-CEO. Hastings continues to circle the company as Chairman of the board, similar to Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates, while Netflix's Q4 2022 results have performed reasonably well, with 7.7 million subscribers, more than the 4.5 million expected in the trending content segment of Q4 2022. Harry & MeghanSPONSORED Source: NetflixSPONSORED
Government of India Aiming to create its own operating system called IndOS reduces dependence on Android.|Government of India The idea was to create its own smartphone operating system called IndOS, with the main reason being to reduce reliance on Google Business's Android operating system. Standard, a local news agency in India It was revealed, citing high-level sources in the Indian government. India is one of the major markets for smartphones, he said. They want to create their own operating system, focusing on security, new alternatives, and reducing the chances of Android dominance. From Google, IndOS, of course, developing the operating system itself is not easy, and it seems that the Indian government's plans have been quiet. The main reason is because developing an operating system is not easy. For example, Microsoft's Windows Phone operating system. In the end, it failed, leaving only iOS and Android in the smartphone operating system competition. Only two brands in particular. Microsoft has invested billions of dollars to buy Nokia, but it has also failed to do so, while HarmoneyOS, developed by Huawei, has failed to become the third choice in the sponsored operating system market. That has made mobile operating systems a dream for the Indian government. It's probably a matter of developers and smartphone manufacturers having the tiredness of having to face the excessive diversity of operating systems because, in fact, having only iOS and Android is probably the perfect fit at this time. The concept of building an Indian government operating system This is partly because India wants to fight the monopoly of Big Tech companies that are emerging in Bharata, especially in Google's list source: The RegisterSPONSORED.
Chong Km.DES Study and build low-orbit satellites and develop them into the space business.|"Sethapong" reveals the Space Affairs Subcommittee Chong KMT DES Study on the construction of low-orbit satellites, further development into the space business, pointing out the benefits of both communication - medical - disaster warning, hastening to make a summary of the submission to the council meeting on January 21, 2023. Bhumjaithai Party (PHP) list MP and Deputy Commissioner of Telecommunications, Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (DES) said that KMTH DES has considered a research study report on the utilization and supervision of non-stationary orbital satellites (NGSO) by the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security. The development of relevant technologies coupled with changing consumer behavior. As a result, operators in the satellite industry need to adapt and develop technology to accommodate such changes. It will be able to revive the business situation and the space economy even better. In particular, the satellite services sector continued to decline in revenue. At present, there are many companies that develop and provide low-orbit satellites because they can be used in a variety of ways. He said that in the past, communication satellites would be used for broadcasting services such as international or intercontinental transmissions, such as live football matches via satellite. In addition to technology, it will meet the needs of use. Development costs are getting lower and competition is becoming more competitive. Especially when used in conjunction with the Ka-band band with a higher frequency range, satellites can generate more bandwidth, lower cost per capacity, and improved signal quality that is almost comparable to the terrestrial network. In addition, the development of reusable rocket technology and the production of smaller, lower-cost satellites. This has resulted in the creation of a larger NGSO satellite network, or Satellite Constellation, occurring rapidly. Dr. Amarin Pimnoo, Advisor to the Space Affairs Subcommittee, said that the subcommittee considered that there should be experiments and construction of satellites in order to learn what more needs to be used and how to develop further. The nation will be at a disadvantage. Therefore, the NGO proposed a pilot project to start the development of LEO Constellation satellites for the benefits of telemedicine and emergency assistance, which will contribute to human life, as well as learning about LEO Constellation satellite technology, human resource development, craft development and job creation and uplifting of people in the country.
TikTok accepts employees can boost videos To drive new creators into the user community.|Tick-to-A accepts employees of companies based in the United States. Some videos can be boosted to drive creators to the wider audience of TikTok users. A spokesman for TikTok told Forbes magazine. The promotion function is called the heating button. Video boosting by TikTok's own team Another interesting point is that videos that have been boosted by tick-to-k so far do not have a clearly labeled label. Instead, it comes in the form of a video presentation from the usual tick-to-k algorithm, with the employee of tick-to-k being the one who can press the video boost button itself. It's not surprising to be questioned in terms of transparency as to how likely it is that this promoted video will be discriminated against. As a result, creators and brands have lost the opportunity to be seen by users in the TikTok community from the For You page to people who have a strong close relationship with the company. He said that there used to be employees who boosted videos for friends, lovers, and their own accounts for TikTok, which is considered to be facing intense competition. TikTok has many competitors. From Meta, which includes Instagram and Facebook, to YouTube Shorts, a product variant of YouTube.
Google aims to launch AI-powered products at Google I/O 2023|Google is gearing up to introduce new products that use artificial intelligence by choosing the annual Google I/O 2023 stage as a place to introduce new toys after Google's parent company Alphabet announced plans to lay off 12,000 jobs worldwide, following in the footsteps of several tech giants that had previously announced cuts, accounting for 6 percent of the total workforce, according to the New York Times. Google is actively developing products that use artificial intelligence to be used on the stage of Google I/O 2023 in May. Although it is unclear whether this AI-driven product will have a product similar to ChatGPT launched at Google I/O 2023, it is quite possible. In addition to ChatGPT chatbots, there is a great opportunity for Google to introduce new and interesting tools, such as Image Generation Studio, a tool for decorating, editing, and creating imagesSPONSORED, as well as new features such as Shopping Try-on, which allows users to experiment with products before spending money, and Maya, a virtual shoe maker in 3D, as well as an artificial intelligence tool that will work behind Google's Pixel Phone.
Win 30 teams for the CUD Hackathon Championship 2023 |The CUD Hackathon 2023 "Innovation for good health & well-being" organized by Chulalongkorn University Demonstration School, Secondary Division, has reached the final round, and on January 28-29, 2023, 30 teams will qualify for the final round. Which team will be the winner of CUD Hackathon 2023 as the world faces the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and Thai society continues to face the risk of illness and death due to various factors such as road accidents and deaths from non-communicable diseases that continue to increase. Deaths from chemical exposure and contamination from various sources The problem of air pollution and PM 2.5, as well as restrictions on access and awareness to take care of one's own well-being of people of all ages. Therefore, promoting the well-being and well-being of people of all ages in accordance with Goal 3 of sustainable development (SDG3) is important for enhancing people's well-being and national development. The Secondary School Department has recognized the importance of developing Thai youth. The new generation is an innovator who thinks for society and participates in creating quality society by creating innovations for health and well-being, which is the best solution for Thai society sustainably. From October 28 to November 30, 2022, CUD Hackathon 2023 was launched, and the CUD Hackathon 2023 "Innovation for health & well-being" competition was held. Entrepreneurship in the form of CUD Hackathon, this interesting idea. The competition consisted of 4 team members for a 24-hour period in a 24-hour competition that included 30 teams from schools nationwide on Saturday, January 28-Sunday, January 29, 2023 at Chulalongkorn University Demonstration School. Chulalongkorn University Demonstration School, Secondary Department held the opening ceremony of the competition. Mr. Chatchat Sittipan presided over the ceremony on Saturday, January 28, 2023 from 08.00-09.00 hrs. Noppawong Na Ayutthaya, 3rd Floor, Thai Education Building, Faculty of Education, Chulalongkorn University
Sales of The Last of Us grew by 322 percent after the release of the live-action series.|Sales of The Last of Us have soared. Following the release of the series of the same name, which aired on the HBO Industi game channel. A website that provides information about the global gaming market and news. Sales of The Last of US Part I, the first installment of the series, have been revealed. The Last of Us Part I: Remastered on the PlayStation 4 platform in the UK has also performed exceptionally well, with sales rising by 322 per cent in a single week, while one of the largest gaming marketplaces through Amazon channels in the US. From film critics to the general public, the second episode of The Last of Us series, which began airing on January 22, or coincided with the late Thailand episode on January 23, 2023, should be as well received as the first episode. Joel and Ellie moreSPONSORED Source: Games Industry
Microsoft expands OpenAI partnership, accelerates artificial intelligence advancement|Microsoft announces new partnership with OpenAI The world-famous chatbot developer, ChatGPT, is under $10 billion after Microsoft announced a major layoff last week. Microsoft plans to expand new and major partnerships with Open AI The man behind ChatGPT, having invested as much as $10 billion, Microsoft's investment in Open AI. Understandably, it's Microsoft's efforts to accelerate the advancement of artificial intelligence technology. Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft The company's official blog revealed that its partnership with OpenAI is about its ambition to develop and research artificial intelligence, which is modern and responsible. In the next phase of the partnership between Microsoft and Open AI, developers and organizations in the technology industry will have access to the best artificial intelligence infrastructure and tools and models to build and run quality applications for Microsoft. Last week, it announced the layoffs of 10,000 employees, representing 5 percent of the total workforce, which will officially take effect during the company's financial results in the third quarter of 2023. Microsoft's chief executive has also hired singer Sting to play private concerts.SOURCE: Microsoft
Meta collaborates NBA live basketball in virtual reality|Meta Announcing a new partnership with NBA It offers a live NBA basketball game experience in the form of virtual meta. Facebook and Instagram's parent company, which is in the process of creating a futuristic world under the name Metaverse, has announced the expansion of its basketball broadcasting partnership with both NBA and WNBA live streaming of 52 games in the form of virtual reality. It offers 180-degree panoramic views for members of Xtadium and Meta Horizon Worlds, along with great information that basketball fans shouldn't miss, as well as highlights of each game. Briefing on what's going on in the game and old content on the NBA and WNBA classics. Users can visit the so-called NBA Arena, which is exclusive to Meta Horizon Worlds users. There will be mini-games to play inside, and support for each user's favorite team, in addition to live events. Meta and NBA also have partnerships in avatars. Basketball fans can shop for clothing and costumes on the Meta Avatar Store platform to express themselves as fans of that basketball team and show off on all social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Meta Quest.
Meta's AI chief says "ChatGPT" isn't innovative, it's just a good combination.|Over the past few months, OpenAI chatGPT has become a worldwide phenomenon, but meta's AI chief has disagreed and said it wasn't innovative. In a video call with Yann Le Cun, Meta's head of artificial intelligence science, on the issue of ChatGPT last week, the issue of ChatGPT, a chatbot that has been widely discussed as versatile and perhaps the next big thing in the tech world. It's just a good combination. Yann Le Cun states that ChatGPT is not the only innovation powered by artificial intelligence. Not a pioneer. At the same time, ChatGPT is built on technology developed by other companies and then extended. Not floating out of the vacuum, meta's head of artificial intelligence science. He continued, "Based on the information he has. There are many companies that use the same artificial intelligence techniques that Open AI uses to develop ChatGPT. More than half a dozen startups have the same technology as ChatGPT. Yann Le Cun, as an employee of Meta, insists that companies led by Mark Zuckerberg will use artificial intelligence for a variety of purposes in the future, and are confident that Meta's artificial intelligence will go beyond just text transmission, but will lead to creative help, such as creating generative art.
Amazon warns employees not to share confidential information with ChatGPT|Amazon's lawyers alert employees about the use of ChatGPT in case of sharing confidential information. After discovering that the contents were close to the company's key secrets, the business news agency reported. Insider Last month, Amazon's internal platform, Slack, was filled with questions about ChatGPT, when Amazon employees asked the company if it had any guidelines on how to use ChatGPT. Meanwhile, some employees have asked if the company will allow artificial intelligence. Become one of the tools of work or not soon. Amazon's lawyers warned employees that any confidential information about Amazon's work, whether it was the source code of amazon's work, was being processed. ChatGPT is prohibited because work-related information used by employees within ChatGPT can be an artificial intelligence learning exercise. Of course, Amazon doesn't want confidential company information leaked at the same time. Amazon's lawyers said they had also seen information from ChatGPT, which was similar to Amazon's confidentiality, as a precautionary measure. Amazon has already installed internal protection systems related to ChatGPT. When ChatGPT is accessed, the internal system immediately pops up a warning message that says, "You are accessing a third-party service that may not be authorized by Amazon Security." Because OpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT, has received significant investments from Amazon's cloud rival Microsoft, so the questions amazon employees type into chatbots, especially confidential information, can lead to tricky issues later. Amazon, meanwhile, has a lot of questions about the transparency of ChatGPT's data collection.
Revealing properties that are liked by digital nomads Choose to check-in, there must be 4 services.|Airbnb unveils survey of digital behaviour and needs Digital Nomad aims to come to Thailand The focus will be on Wi-Fi signals. Working areas, including laundry and kitchen services, are important. Accommodation booking service providers Reveal the results of a survey of interesting information about digital people. Nomad or a group of people who live to different places around the world while working at the same time. According to airbnb data updated in 2022, digital nomads are mainly interested in long-term work in Bangkok, Phuket and Chiang Mai. You'll also find Koh Lanta and Krabi in the area. The number of nights booked for long-term rentals in the second quarter of 2022 grew approximately twice compared to the same period in 2019, which was before the COVID-19 pandemic. Long-term bookings, i.e. stays of 28 days or more THE NUMBER HAS INCREASED FROM 9 PERCENT TO 12 PERCENT FROM 2020 AND 2021 SPONSORED IN THAILAND. Solo travel travellers saw a 50 percent increase in long-term accommodation searches in Thailand in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the same period of the year. 2019 In terms of facilities at digital people Nomad pays special attention to 4 things: a suitable space for work, whether it is a table and chairs, later a laundry service such as a washing machine, a dryer, followed by a private kitchen area. Capable and want to prepare food by yourself, the last is the matter of WiFi signal for ease of work. Currently, if the host of AIRBNB Wi-Fi speeds faster than 50 Mbps are provided with a Fast WiFi icon as a facility on the property listing page. To accompany the decisions of travelers.
"Sethapong" reveals "NASA" ready to cooperate in space research|"Sethapong" reveals "NASA" ready to cooperate in space Thailand hopes to gain knowledge to develop technology to keep pace with the world. Ready to discuss the Servier project to help ASEAN countries Responding to climate change and natural disasters on January 27, 2023, Col. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party As deputy chairman of the Commission on Telecommunications, Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (DES), he said that on Jan. 25, the DES welcomed Dr. Karen St. German, Director of Earth Sciences U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) et al. The President of the National Assembly welcomed with Ms. Kalaya Rungvijitchai, President of DES, and his delegation discussed the SERVIR-Southeast Asia project, a collaborative project between the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and NASA, to assist Southeast Asian countries in adapting and tackling cross-border and regional climate issues, as well as reducing climate change impacts. He said that KMUTT DES has proposed ideas in cooperation such as building a space technology laboratory to promote knowledge to local youth and make the North a space technology learning center. Geo-informatics and modern applications Addressing natural disasters affected by climate change, as well as creating and developing specialized personnel. Space Business, Space Industry Socio-economic upliftment This will be very useful in areas such as communication, disaster warning, and response to climate change mitigation to achieve the SDGs Goal-13 Climate Action that Thailand has committed internationally." NASA said it welcomed the academic cooperation and space data that Thailand could use in open data, including space research, and discussed the launch of the SERVIR-Southeast Asia project in Thailand. Because we have a clear aim for where Thailand will go in space affairs. But to get there, we need support from both the government. The private sector and international collaborations, such as those from NASA, which is an expert in space affairs, can provide us with enormous benefits. Human Resource Development In order for Thailand to develop and enhance knowledge to support the world, developing skills in the 21 century for the new generation to be creative. Work and life skills because space is no longer far away for Thais." Dr. Sethapong said.
BuzzFeed announces the use of OpenAI technology, the creator of ChatGPT, to co-develop content.|BuzzFeed is preparing to use open AI's artificial intelligence, the man behind ChatGPT, as part of content creation. It also announced a partnership with Meta, pushing for more content creation on Facebook and Instagram platforms, the Wall Street Journal reported. Reports that the famous media company BuzzFeed OpenAI's shares jumped 150 percent before gradually falling to a profit of 119.88 percent to close at $2.09 per share. At the same time, Meta wants to push instagram reels that look like TikTok to the fullest, as well as an internal document by Jonah Peretti, CEO of Buzzfeed, which was sent to company employees, stating the importance of the introduction of artificial intelligence.
Elon Musk to raise $3 billion in new funding to save Twitter|Twitter owner Elon Musk is reportedly preparing to launch a new round of fundraising. Expect a figure of $3 billion to bring money into the company. The latter is in a state of extreme decline, the Wall Street Journal reports. Elon Musk, CEO and Twitter owner Looking for a new round of funding, drawing a figure of $3 billion to offset the company's debt that occurred during Musk's acquisition in October. Current 2022 In addition to funding methods, Musk is believed to be planning to sell his stake to investors interested in investing in Twitter's business. Musk should have said that there was quite a bit of confusion and mess because it had caused the layoffs of up to 6 thousand employees. Twitter has also been sued by office rental companies for refusing to pay rent in both the U.S. and the U.K. The methods Elon Musk tried in the first three months of his administration ranged from auctioning off supplies that Musk deemed unnecessary to leave the company, including twitter's iconic statue of the bluebird. Musk has also reached out to new and old investors to launch fundraising. AS A RESULT, MANY INVESTORS CHOOSE NOT TO INVEST IN TWITTER SPONSORED. When this Wall Street Journal report came out. A Twitter user asked Elon Musk how true this report was. Before Musk could answer "no", Twitter is a platform that relies heavily on advertising systems. More than 500 brands have reportedly withdrawn from the platform. As a result, Twitter sells at least $4 million in revenue per day Source: WSJ
ChatGPT passed the law and business exams, but didn't get very high scores.|The University of Minnesota and the University of Pennsylvania took ChatGPT for legal and business exams. In late November, the University of Minnesota took a 4-course law test, while the University of Pennsylvania took a business test in law, which consisted of answering 95 multiple-choice questions and writing 12 essays. Many schools in New York and Seattle have banned ChatGPT on OpenAI school networks and devices. The information presented may be inaccurate. Open AI has received a whopping $10 billion in research funding from Microsoft, which is Microsoft's intention to accelerate the advancement of artificial intelligence technology. Artificial intelligence is interspersed. Microsoft recently announced the layoff of 10,000 employees, representing 5 percent of the total workforce.
CUD Hackathon 2023 opens a panel discussion on sustainable innovation and user response|CUD Hackathon 2023, the first hackathon of Chulalongkorn University Demonstration School, Secondary Division, had a panel discussion that discussed sustainable innovation and at the same time must meet the needs of users. THE KEY POINTS THAT DR. PISUT EMPHASIZES IN 4 ISSUES ARE NEW, GOOD, PEOPLE TO USE, AND TO UNDERSTAND THE SPONSORED WORLD WHEN BROKEN DOWN INTO INDIVIDUAL ISSUES. The word servant is the beginning of everything, which is important, because without a servant, it cannot be sold. Therefore, understanding the user is a matter that must be especially aware of the word good, that is, it must be good both in moral and ethical terms. When the two things come together, you'll come across an innovative word that doesn't necessarily have a specific meaning for coding or robot development. The last is the word understand the world, because ever since the world learned about the Industrial Revolution, humans have increased the amount of carbon dioxide in the air. What follows is the problems that the world faces today, from different temperatures to man-made waste such as plastic. Innovation development must therefore be aware of efforts not to interfere with global resources. In order not to become a problem that continues to spread to the next generation for making innovation sustainable and bringing this innovation to the business model that creates the next topic is the trend of developing innovation to meet the needs of users and SDG3 by Ornuch Lertsuwankit and Dr. Ubonwan Hong, speaker. The definition of SDG refers to the Sustainable Development Goals, which are sustainable development goals, there are 17 goals, but the CUD Hackathon 2023 focuses on the third goal in good health and well-being. Telemedicine is a comprehensive range of examinations, dispensing medications directly to patients, etc. An equally popular health trend is the initial examination of one's body and health through wearables, wristwatches and headgear, to detect behaviors that have abnormalities within the body. Developers need to be clear about who the target audience is, who they want to solve this problem for, and they need to understand their feelings and understand others deeply. Then a solution to the problem is proposed.
Chatchachat CUD Hackathon 2023 launches, reaffirms innovation must meet business needs|Chatchat presided over the opening ceremony of CUD Hackathon 2023, an event that gives young people the opportunity to innovate. Promoting creativity as an answer to the country, Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok. Speaking on the occasion of presiding over the opening ceremony of the 1st CUD Hackathon 2023 organized by Chulalongkorn University Demonstration School, Secondary Department, he said that he was pleased to attend the event because he had the opportunity to meet the future of the country. We have seen the participation of the new generation to think and innovate for the country. "When it comes to innovation, it doesn't have much of a deep meaning, but it is related to four words: thinking, then developing into an answer that creates added value for stakeholders. The people involved are not just patients, but doctors or nurses. Pharmaceutical manufacturers, which have a very wide range of dimensions"In terms of innovation success. The Governor commented that it is like three intersecting circles, which have a central center. The first band is the part that people have to pick up. The second band is the part of the technology that must be practical and feasible. "99 percent of startups are unsuccessful because they don't meet people and don't meet business needs," said Promprom Chaichatpornsuk, director of Chulalongkorn University's Demonstration School for Secondary Education and deputy dean of the Faculty of Education. The 29 teams participating in the CUD Hackathon 2023 also expect to be integrated into a variety of innovations. Whether it is Internet of Things, Robotics and software development, then apply it to business expansion before becoming an entrepreneur in the future. Sujeewa Dean of the Faculty of Education, Chulalongkorn University, said that the CUD Hackathon 2023 sparked the idea of creating new innovators. Create a new generation with vision at the same time. The CUD Hackathon 2023 is considered to be a drive for learning outside the classroom to facilitate exchange and as part of a stage of self-improvement. And the second prize receives a plaque, medal, certificate and 15,000 baht prize money.
The latest entertainment from Google, Google AI, composed music.|Google AI composed music from Google is also buzzing. After Google unveiled its research, MusicLM used AI (Artificial Intelligence) to compose music from words or textual content, including hum and whistle. After OpenAI launched ChatGPT, an AI that can chat in response to human messages asking questions, as if to interact in real time, Google AI composed music. You can do this by adding words, text, or captions and specifying the number of times you want the music to be played. Google AI generates music that is processed from more than 280,000 hours of music learning in addition to typing words or text. The Verge website provides examples of text-based music compositions, such as typing electronic song played in a videogame 0.00-0.15 (electronic music in video games) or typing fireworks 0.45-0.60. Source: The Verge, Engadget and MusicLM Research Report
Baidu, the legendary Chinese search engine, is set to release a chatbot similar to ChatGPT in March.|Baidu, China's number one search engine Baidu's chatbot is planning to launch in March, the same format as OpenAI's ChatGPT, released in November last year. Chinese chatbots focus on user interaction rather than as a professional tool. However, the company has invested over a billion dollars in research to develop AI for many years, an attempt to transform its strengths from online marketing with advanced technology development.
Compare 5 popular platforms How long does it take to reach 10 million users?|Technology Company Platform Business The company has to dedicate both time and resources to building a strong user base that reflects the popularity and growth of the platform. Therefore, it is not uncommon for the number of users on the platform of the world's largest technology companies. It will increase rapidly within a few years, but the excitement. This has put tech giants on alert again. With the growth of ChatGPT lasting just a few days reaching millions of users in the blink of an eye, Thairath Money will compare the growth in terms of usage of each platform.1.Facebook The world's most used social media platform Launched in 2004, a key factor in the platform's success was Mark Zuckerberg's timing and foresight, who wanted to create a social media platform that was accessible to everyone and useful in everyday life. The key idea is to connect users and social groups of real-life users. Unlike social media at the time, which focused on users to rebuild their presence to meet new people.sponsored2.WhatsApp, the most popular chat platform in America. Launched in 2009, the platform's strength is that it is accessible to users all over the world and is growing rapidly. With monthly active users reaching 10 million within three years, it caught the eye of tech giant Facebook, which acquired the business in 2014 for over $19 billion. Analysts see the growth of WhatsApp as an indirect competitor to Messenger, facebook-affiliated chat platform. A video streaming platform that radically changes people's media viewing habits. Starting in 1998, its main business was DVD rental, and in 2007 launched a video streaming platform called Watch Now. At the time, Netflix was the only one that offered unlimited video streaming and DVD rental services for as little as $10, a business model that offered cheaper entertainment options to embrace the future of internet growth while maintaining its existing customer base. In 2009, the number of subscribers surpassed 10 million.4.Instagram, a social media with the feature of sharing media, allows users to upload photos and videos and share them to form a community. It was launched in 2010 and had 10 million active users in 2011. Integrating social media features with photo editing apps Users can compose photos and videos with Instagram filters while uploading images to share moments with followers or friends anytime, anywhere, and with Instragram's rapid popularity heating up, Facebook invested more than $1 billion in acquisitions in 2012. Smart chatbots that can interact with humans naturally. Launched in November 2022, just five days after opening, it has reached 1 million users, and the latest data from the Similar Web reveals 10 million active daily users. In just 40 days. Other platforms spend a year trying to get a catalyst for popularity: AI's ability to process data and interact with humans. In addition to being compared to media play from the media to google search engines, there is a growing demand for experiments. This rapid growth wasn't ChatGPT that was just going to be the first platform, but actually back in 2011 when Google launched social media platform Google Plus, built to knock out competitors like Facebook at the time. Just 16 days after its launch, it surpassed 10 million users, but has steadily declined in user traffic, trying to establish itself as a social media hub that combines all features into one platform, making no difference from its competitors. There are also too many user interfaces that look like they're putting more products into the user's hands than necessary. This does not meet the real needs. This is one of the reasons why Google Plus shut down in 2019SPONSORED. The benefits that users receive are the main factors that contribute to the growth of those platforms, while monetization models and their use to increase business efficiency are important factors in attracting investments, both of which must be in the same direction and in parallel with wired , theguardian , reuters , cnet , mastories , investopedia.
2 organizations join space technology research in hopes of raising the level of international standards|"ECSTAR" joins hands with "Terospace" to research and develop space technology, hoping to raise the level to support the change of "Economist", pointing to another step forward of KMTH DES. The latter has always pushed. It is believed to make the country equal internationally on January 31, 2023. Mr. Chanwit Munikanon Center of Excellence in Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International College of Aviation Industry King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang ECSTAR has entered into a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on academic and research in space technology with Terospace Co., Ltd. In order to provide new services related to space affairs by creating innovations that significantly affect the development and competition of the country, which is in line with the national strategy. It also provides support to personnel to conduct space research studies. Future trends in technology changes and research on policy formulation and governance in line with technological changes. Chairman of the Board of Directors of TeroSpace He said the memorandum is a framework agreement to lead to the establishment of various cooperation between the agencies. The method, duration and conditions of operation of each activity or subproject, including promoting the development of emerging technologies in the space industry. To support future technological changes such as the use of advanced satellite systems, big data, image processing, artificial intelligence. THE INTERNET SATELLITE GROUP, INCLUDING THE ECOSYSTEM OF SPACE TECHNOLOGY, AND OTHERS INVOLVED IN ENHANCING THE EDUCATION, RESEARCH AND SERVICE PROVISION OF SPACE TECHNOLOGY WITH A FRAMEWORK OF 5-YEAR COOPERATION. List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party as deputy The Chairman of the Commission on Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society (DES) said that this is another important step for space affairs that KMTH DES has always sought to develop and push. This will inspire the new generation and would like to leave us to look at the initiative of the Low Earth Orbit Satellites Constellation project, which, if possible, will create many opportunities in the space economy. Because if we don't take action now. Our country will lose opportunities and not catch up with other countries.
Elon Musk prepares to develop Twitter into a financial service, competing with Apple Pay and PayPal|Elon Musk's first demand for Twitter was to make the blue-bird social media a financial service provider. Musk believes this is one of Twitter's sustainable revenue streams dating back to November. Elon Musk has revealed his future plans to develop and expand Twitter into more than just a social media company. However, no further information has been released since that date, according to the Financial Times. Twitter has already applied for a license that is necessary to become a legitimate financial services platform in the United States, Musk's main target. That means making Twitter more sustainable, especially when it comes from multiple channels. It's not just about the ad system. Of course, money services for Elon Musk were familiar with, because before everyone knew Elon Musk as a whole, Musk founded X.com that offered services similar to the first online banking before becoming part of PayPal (PayPal). There are competitors like ApplePay and PayPal (of which Elon Musk was CEO).
Foldable iPad has a chance to launch in 2024|In the next year 2024, Apple fans may see new directions regarding iPad development, especially when it comes to the Foldable iPad or foldable iPad for the first time. A celebrity analyst with a line in Apple's product supply chain. Tweet an interesting message about the arrival of the Foldable iPad, or foldable iPad, which is considered a major upgrade of the iPad range. Next year, 2024 will be the year apple will launch a new iPad that is completely different from its predecessor by a completely new design, which includes the opportunity to see the first foldable iPad with the arrival of the iPad 2024, especially the foldable model. In the folded area, a carbon fiber stand is used. According to kuo's data, the iPad 2024 is a completely new design, which means that throughout 2023, consumers will not see the launch of the new iPad this year at all. It will take about 9-12 months for the iPad to be launched in 2024, the first product is expected to be the iPad miniSPONSORED. It's also Apple's "first" foldable product, but it's not enough to be Apple's new approach to watch, and it could hit the notebook computer market as well.
Sorare joins Premier League partnership to launch Fantasy Football in NFT format|Soraer The French startup has signed a four-year partnership with the Premier League to deliver NFTsorare-style fantasy experiences and the Premier League, the world's number one football league, to deliver the Fantasy Premier League experience in the form of NFT tokens. Premier League footballer cards are registered on the Ethereum blockchain and can be traded on exchange, with the value of each Premier League player card on Sore's platform depending on the player's on-field pace in the real world. Soraer has partnered with many of the world's top football leagues. Whether it's Spain's La Liga. Germany's Bundesliga and Italian top-flight Serie A giants Sorare are no less successful startups, with 2021 raising up to $680 million in Series B funding for Sore's partnership. It's not just about football. But Sorar has partnered with NBA and MLB as wellSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
CEO confirms Nothing Phone 2 is ready to market in the US|After two years of marketing Nothing Phone (1), Carl Phe, CEO of startup Nothing, insists the next release will definitely be available in the U.S. After all, the first generation is not ready to open the market in the land of Uncle Sam Carl. Phe, CEO and co-founder of IT equipment startup Nothing, insists his company is ready for smartphone releases in the U.S. The release date for Nothing Phone (2) will take place at the end of 2023. At the time of the launch of Nothing Phone (1), it was not uncommon for Carl Phe to expand the distribution market of Nothing smartphones beyond Asia and Europe. Phe gave an interview to Inverse. Nothing Phone (1) has combined sales in Asia and Europe of more than US$200 million in 2022, up nearly 8 times from the same period in 2021. U.S. user purchases account for one-third of Ear (1)SPONSORED's total sales, said Carl Phe, adding that the company is now growing from 100 employees to 400. Carl Phe's next goal is to provide the same shopping experience that the Supreme brand used to do and achieved beautifully.
HMD Global releases Nokia C12 Android 12 (Go Edition) for 2,990 BAHT|HMD Global Thailand The Nokia C12 will go on sale on February 2 at a price of 2,990 baht, said Mr. Paradorn Rambutr, Business Development Manager, HMD Global, which is a low-cost smartphone segment. The 6.3-inch hd+ screen size is popular with Nokia wants to capture the student market. The elderly and beginners mainly use smartphones. It is a smartphone that is under the concept of Love it. Trust it. Keep it. It is characterized by ease of use. It has an 8-megapixel rear camera with LED Flash and a 5-megapixel front camera. Nokia C12 to Android 12 (Go Edition) supports 2 years of continuous security updates, 2GB memory and 3GB RAM, 3,000 mAh battery, and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, as well as IP52 water and dust protection.
OpenAI launches a tool to help identify messages as being created by AI or humans.|Open AI has released its newest tool, AI Text Classifier, which helps distinguish and distinguish between articles written by humans or written with AI. OpenAI AI Text Classifier will not be able to work if the article is less than 1,000 characters or about 150-250 words, followed by the fact that the tool has not been able to identify if the writing is written by a child or a language other than English. Moreover, the accuracy of content developed by ChatGPT is not entirely reliable. In the case of the reliability of content developed by ChatGPT, Open AI, as a developer, it has been reiterated that it cannot be entirely reliable and should not expect all content to be 100 percent accurate.
Instagram co-founder launches Artifact, a news-reading app with AI to help customize the experience.|The two co-founders of Instagram have announced the launch of a brand new social app, Artifact, featuring machine learning to improve kevin news reading experience. Sisstrom and Mike Krieger, two pioneering Instagram co-founders. Before subsequently selling the business to Meta. In the end, they worked at meta for a while, then quit to re-establish their own business called Artifact, another social service targeting users who want to read news based on their personal interests. The Artifact app is not officially available yet, but interested parties can register for a waitlist on the Artifact.news website. According to the report, they have used machine learning to customize the individual user experience. Learn the needs of users little by little. Gradually, along with creating an element of social media that both of them are good at, to allow for discussion. The exchange of opinions and experiences of users in the news content community that appears on Artifact will come from major news outlets with high credibility, such as the New York Times. In addition, within the application there is a feedback system control tool. Although it is new, Artifact has many competitors for the news app market because there are also big ones like Apple News, Google News, as well as smaller ones like Flipboard, Pocket, and Substack. If it's as brilliant as the two Instagram co-founders claim, it's interesting. It must not be forgotten that the best of machine learning is the key to TikTok's huge success over the past 3 years and has become the most prominent application in the world for the origin of the name Artifact, made up of articles, facts and artificial intelligence.
Why has the arrival of ChatGPT shaken the AI industry?|OpenAI, an artificial intelligence (AI) technology research and development company, recently officially launched ChatGPT, a new AI chat platform. According to the company, Since ChatGPT launched on social media, there has been debate about the possibility of implementing this innovation, as well as the potential dangers of debug code analysis to the potential for essays for Bern Elliott students. Research Vice President, Gartner Inc., revealed why ChatGPT has attracted so much attention: ChatGPT is a perfect storm that combines two big artificial intelligence (AI) issues that are currently trending: chatbots and GPT3, which offer a way to communicate and create engaging content, as if talking to humans in an amazing way. Some present insightful information and sometimes full of sponsored knowledge, but unfortunately, ChatGPT sometimes presents content incorrectly and is not based on human understanding or intelligence. The problem may lie in the words 'understanding' and 'intelligence', which are based on human input that may have vague, unclear meanings. Therefore, when applied to algorithms, it can result in a serious misunderstanding of a more useful angle to see that chatbots and large language models (LLMs) such as GPT have become valuable tools for accomplishing specific tasks that are not for entertainment purposes. Chatbots already have many usage patterns in their systems. From providing customer service to helping technical teams identify issues for higher-level ChatGPT implementation, it is used as a chatbot that is specific to (chat), interacting or 'chatting' with GPT resources. This means that data can be used in certain situations where errors can be accepted or corrected, with many basic models such as GPT being used in domains including Computer Vision, Software Engineering, and Scientific Research and Development, such as using basic models to create images from text and verifying code from natural language, smart contracts, and even in healthcare such as the creation of new medicines and genome decoding to classify diseases of ethical concerns. THE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH SEES AI BASIC MODEL MODELS SUCH AS GPT DEMONSTRATING A MAJOR SHIFT IN AI FROM THE UNIQUE BENEFITS IT PROVIDES, SUCH AS REDUCING COSTS AND TIMEFRAME-SPECIFIC MODELING, WHICH INEVITABLY RAISES ETHICAL RISKS AND CONCERNS. Natural Language Processing-NLP, e.g. categorization Trained models can reduce expensive customization and testing costs. It is used to create strategic documentation outlining the benefits, risks, opportunities, and roadmaps for deploying AI-based models such as GPT, which helps determine whether the benefits outweigh the risks. Specific applications use cloud-based APIs to create models and select the smallest models to provide accuracy and efficiency to simplify operations. Reduce energy consumption and increase total cost efficiency for ownership, prioritize vendors that promote responsible model deployment by publishing usage guidelines. Enforcement includes logging known vulnerabilities and weaknesses and proactively exposing malicious behavior and abuse situations.
Samsung unveils Galaxy S23, S23 Plus and S23 Ultra with 200-megapixel camera|Samsung Launched the S23, the flagship smartphone for the first half of 2023, in three models under the name Galaxy S23, Galaxy S23 Plus and Galaxy S23 Ultra, after having to space out in-person events due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This year, Samsung officially welcomed people from all over the world, choosing Galaxy Unpacked 2023 in San Francisco, California, as the launch stage for the Galaxy S23.The arrival of the flagship Galaxy S23 in the first half of 2023 marks the first time in many years that Samsung has turned to a single chipset on all its flagship smartphones. Galaxy S23, Galaxy S23 Plus and Galaxy S23 Ultra releases will all use Qualcomm chips. This gives Samsung smartphone users the same experience. At some point in the galaxy S23 presentation, it was stated that the newest chipset developed by Qualcomm was specifically developed for Samsung. Galaxy S23 is considered the standard model and is the younger version of the series, it has a screen size of 6.1 inches, FHD+ resolution, supports a 120Hz refresh rate with 1,750 nits more brightness on the screen than its predecessor. The larger screen size has risen to 6.6 inches, with the same refresh rate and brightness as the smaller models, but the battery is much larger than 4,700 mAh. Galaxy S23 and Galaxy S23 Plus design are not much different in design. In other words, the layout of the camera and the flash is the same. The front camera provides selfies at 12 megapixels. 50MP rear camera sensor However, the highlight of Galaxy Unpacked 2023 is the launch of the Galaxy S23 Ultra, the high-end version of the series. The screen resolution has been upgraded to QHD+ on a 6.8-inch screen size, supports a 120Hz refresh rate, and the Galaxy Note stylus S Pen includes a slot on the phone. The main body comes with a resolution of 200 megapixels. Using pixel binning techniques, the image is processed with sharpness, brightness, becoming a large 16-pixel Superpixel, followed by a 12-megapixel ultra-wide camera. 10MP telephoto camera and 10MP periscope telephoto The Galaxy S23 Plus and Galaxy S23 Ultra start with 256GB of capacity, ultra only has a 1TB capacity, while the smallest Galaxy S23 starts at 128GB. Samsung confirmed that it has focused on sustainability-oriented manufacturing processes, noting that the Galaxy S23 uses about 22 percent more recycled materials than its predecessor. GLASS AND PLASTIC FROM OLD FISHING NETS, WATER BOTTLES AND BUCKETS ARE SPONSORED FOR SALE IN THAILAND. ARE AS FOLLOWS: SPONSORED
Samsung unveils Galaxy Book3, a powerful Windows 11 laptop connected to Galaxy S23|In addition to the launch of the Galaxy S23, galaxy unpacked 2023, Samsung will also have a new laptop, the Galaxy Book3, which connects to the recently launched flagship smartphone. The design of the Galaxy Book3 takes into account the creation of an ecosystem to connect laptops to smartphones, including the Galaxy S23 and Galaxy Watch. Featuring two models, Galaxy Book3 Pro and Galaxy Book3 UltraSPONSOREDGalaxy Book3 Pro has a screen size of 14 inches and 16 inches. Powered by Intel Core i5 and i7 chipsets, storage starts at 256GB up to 1TB, followed by a 1080p webcam with a fingerprint sensor. It has a 16-inch screen size with a resolution of 28801800 pixels. It supports a 120Hz refresh rate, but the CPU is Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i9, working with Nvidia RTX 4050 or 4070. The design of the Galaxy Book3 is the same as the Galaxy S23, with an emphasis on the use of recycled plastic materials to ensure environmental sustainability.
OpenAI is preparing to launch a ChatGPT Plus membership program for 700 baht per month.|Open AI aims to earn money from what is going viral, that is, to develop ChatGPT as a membership model, as a pilot plan, which charges a monthly membership fee of US$20 per hour. Open AI's next plan as a chatbot developer is to look for ways to make money. The service is called ChatGPT Plus, in terms of the capabilities of ChatGPT Plus, it is more capable than the normal version, has faster response, first use of new features, and faster response speeds even with ChatGPT Plus. Initially, this paid service was limited to U.S. users only. Before expanding the service to other countries. When everything is ready to expand, open AI has received huge investments in the development of ChatGPT, with big capitalists like Microsoft constantly increasing their investments. From hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars, it's moving up to tens of billions of U.S. dollars. When there is a huge investment, it becomes another pressure on Open AI, not least to generate profits in return, according to the latest data. Microsoft is working hard to integrate OpenAI's chatbot technology with Microsoft's Bing search engine to create opportunities to compete with Google, as well as a way to develop ChatGPT in the form of a smartphone application.
Google tested a chatbot similar to ChatGPT as Apprentice Bard.|Google is testing chatbots similar to ChatGPT using LaMDA technology under the code name Apprentice Bard. Pichai has sent a red code so that the company can drive chatbots with the same capabilities as ChatGPT and integrate them into the Google search engine. Hot Chair The google chatbot test that is developing internally is called in the code name Apprentice Bard, or apprentice poet, at the same time the relevant authorities are redesigning the search page. In order to support the chatbot working pattern, the arrival of a product codenamed Apprentice Bard was made possible by Google and its parent company, Alphabet. There are concerns about the capabilities of ChatGPT, which could negatively affect Google's search engine business. OpenAI is also a startup with a lot of funding from Microsoft, which on the one hand is also a competitor in the search engine business. Although the market share between Microsoft's Bing and Google Search is several blocks apart, Apprentice Bard is still in a row. It uses LaMDA technology, a language model for conversational applications. But it's unclear whether Apprentice Bard or the apprentice bard will be locked in the newest information until 2021, just like ChatGPT. The earliest chance to see it during the annual Google I/O 2023 seminar in the middle of this year.Source : CNBCSPONSORED
Opening a new era in 2023, Big Tech lays off more than 50,000 employees in a single month.|Over the past year, technology companies around the world have laid off hundreds of thousands of jobs. Amid concerns of a possible recession, the battle doesn't end there. Tech giants have announced another wave of layoffs, with January alone laying off more than 50,000 employees, amazon laid off 18,000 employees, or about 1.1% of its total 1.6 million employees. The affected departments are Amazon Stores and People, Experience, Technology (PXT) as economic volatility has left the company facing slowing sales growth and increased costs from overemployment during COVID. Cost cuts will allow the company to find long-term investment opportunities with a stronger cost structure.Alphabet, Google's parent company, laid off 12,000 employees, representing 6% of its total workforce, as a result of overemployment during COVID, and financial statements in Q3 both revenue and profit were lower than expected. While overall revenue growth slowed to 6% in Q4, Google Cloud grew 38% year-on-year to $6.9 billion, Microsoft laid off 10,000 employees, representing 5% of its total workforce, to restructure its focus on investing in AI projects that the company expects to generate long-term growth after the first quarter of 2023. As a result, net income fell by 14% compared to the same period last year.SPONSOREDSalesforce laid off 8,000 employees, representing 10% of the total workforce, due to overemployment during the COVID-19 pandemic. IBM laid off 3,900 employees, representing 1.5% of the total workforce, as a result of the breakup of the Kyndryl technology services business from its core business, and sales from its health data analytics business PayPal layoffs of 2,000 employees, representing 7%, due to worsening economic pressures. The company has been affected by excessive employment during COVID in response to the rapidly increasing volume of payments on the platform of its customers. When customer payment volumes slow down as more people go shopping at the storefront. PayPalMeta laid off 11,000 employees, representing 13% of its total workforce, as the company invested $9.4 billion in the development of the metaverse in 2022, which has not yet taken shape, resulting in a 19% year-on-year increase in expenses in the third quarter to $22.1 billion. Operating income fell 46% year-on-year to $5.66 billion. Twitter has changed dramatically since the introduction of new CEO Elon Musk took over and laid off 3,700 employees, representing 50% of the total workforce. The transition is not small, especially among technology companies that have brought movement to many industries around the world, according to computerworld, cnbc, npr, cnn, nytimes, cnet, crn sponsored.
Twitter plans to share ad revenue with creators, but requires a Twitter Blue membership.|Twitter may change again. On Friday, Elon Musk, CEO and owner of Twitter, came up with a new idea. However, Musk also dropped the requirement that creators must subscribe to Twitter Blue in order to have a chance to get a share of the revenue from twitter subscription ads. Blue is currently $8 for the website and $11 for the iOS operating system. How much will creators get their share of the ads? How is the payment system calculated? Whether likes, retweets and mentions affect the revenue that creators receive, as well as how many followers affect the revenue sharing system. There's also an interesting point that during Elon Musk's tenure on Twitter, he was a key figure in the world. The number of buyers of Twitter ads has dropped significantly. Finally, can Twitter provide a revenue sharing program?SPONSORED Source: Mashable
Google to host a big event showcasing artificial intelligence capabilities Feb. 8|On February 8, Google announces event showcasing search engine capabilities and artificial intelligence capabilities, which may be the first time to see Google's version of ChatGPT next week, which falls on February 8. (using the power of AI to reimagine) live stream directly from Paris. Although it is quite clear that the main topic that Google will be discussing at the event is artificial intelligence, it is not clear whether it is related to the development of chatbots in the same way as ChatGPT. After ChatGPT caused a lot of panic among Google, leading to the urgent development of similar products, such as the development of a chatbot called Apprentice Bard, it is true that Google has countless artificial intelligence technologies, but most of the projects are not revealed to the general public, but it has been heard that Google has a language model for chatbots called LaMDA (Language Model for Dialogue Applications), as well as AI for creating images called Imagen.
Counterpoint reveals global smartphone shipments in 2022 are at their lowest in nine years|Market research firm Counterpoint released its latest report on global smartphone shipments in Q4 2022, down as much as 18 percent, the lowest for the first time since 2013. As a result, shipments are at their worst for the first time in nine years, and the main problem of making smartphone shipments less than they should be is justified in many areas, such as inflation. Economic uncertainty Cost of living crisis This causes a decrease in purchasing power. Consumers opted not to upgrade their smartphones, followed by the Russia-Ukraine war. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Apple shipped 70 million smartphones. Apple holds an 18 percent market share, driven by the launch of iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro. If Apple does not experience supply chain problems in China, the production of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max will not meet its targets, but it is believed that the situation will improve in January 2023.
M Vision announces Thailand Mobile Expo 2023 on February 16-19, 2023|M Vision announces the country's largest mobile expo Thailand Mobile Expo 2023 from February 16-19, 2023 M Vision Public Company Limited or MVP tapped the date of the 40th Thailand Mobile Expo 2023, the first event of 2023, from February 16-19, 2023. The Chief Executive Officer of M Vision Public Company Limited described Thailand Mobile Expo 2023 as a good opening for a new era. The beginning of the year is a time when a large group of consumers reach a cycle to replace their new mobile phones. At the beginning of this year, it was perfect because there were a number of new mobile phones coming out at the same time. In addition, Mr. Opas believes that TME 2023 should be part of the stimulation of technology shopping in Thailand from the beginning of 2023.
Apple has an idea to launch a powerful iPhone Ultra. Higher end than Pro and Pro Max|Apple has had internal discussions about the idea of developing a higher-end smartphone than the Pro and Pro Max models, with the most expensive model being named at the moment, said to come as the iPhone Ultra, available in 2024, Mark German of Bloomberg News. Back in the Power On newsletter in September 2022, German previously reported that Apple wanted to rebrand the iPhone 15 Pro Max model to iPhone 15 Ultra. In the latest report he received, the approach has already changed. The concept of adopting the Ultra model continues, he said. iPhone 16 Ultra will be the most spec and expensive, followed by iPhone 16 Pro Max and iPhone 16 Pro. The arrival of the iPhone 16 Ultra German reiterates that it is only an internal discussion of this concept, but it is also a discussion to make the naming guidelines as consistent as possible, since Apple's expensive products at this time are all named Ultra, as evidenced by the arrival of the Apple Watch Ultra, as well as the Apple M1 Ultra chipset. For example, in the case of Samsung, which has Galaxy S23, Galaxy S23 Plus and Galaxy S23 Ultra, but samsung's model is considered less than the iPhone 14, which has 4 models.
Recently, ChatGPT helped write notes, summarize meetings, and translate real-time in over 40 languages.|Microsoft launches Team Premium, the newest conferencing program that enhances ChatGPT, helping users have a better meeting experience. With outstanding features such as intelligent summary The latest Generative AI system developed by OpenAI has created a ripple effect today that has led many parties to keep an eye on the movement, as well as the investments of giants like Microsoft, one of OpenAI's largest shareholders that recently raised billions of dollars in investments. The starting price in the introductory range is $7 or 235 baht per month and will rise to $10 or $335 per month after June 30. This allows us to stay fully focused on the meeting. No need to take notesSPONSORED The Generated chapters feature can be divided into sections, making it easy to select topics and content to join. Personalized timeline makers when sharing a screen or when a user leaves a meeting window It's easy to go back and review dropped content. Highlighting speakers in each session Team Premium will help reduce language barriers by translating in real time. Support for over 40 spoken languages, simply turn on Subtitle or Subtitles and read subtitles in their own language instantly. Add more security management To deter data leakage, such as restricting the right to record meetings and copy messages from meetings. Insert a watermark on the meeting screen Label content during a meeting Advanced encryption options For meetings that require advanced security, end-to-end encryption (E2EE) can also be encrypted. Create custom meeting templates to present logos, tones, and professional corporate background images, as well as other common features such as message suggestions, tasks, appointments that are automatically saved based on CBS, Microsoft.
POCO launches POCO X5 Pro 5G and POCO X5 5G smartphones to capture Gen Z market|POCO unveils two newest smartphones, POCO X5 Pro 5G and POCO X5 5G, offering a selling point for photography, processor chipsets and high-resolution screens. The POCO X5 Pro 5G features a 6.67-inch Flow AMOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and 10-bit color depth, as well as Dolby Vision technology to enhance the viewing experience. The design of the device focuses on the lightness of the device to make it easier for users to play games or create online content. With 1920Hz (1920Hz PWM dimming) dimming to help protect your eyesight when reading and create things in low light conditions, the POCO X5 Pro 5G comes with a Snapdragon 778GSPONSORED chipset. Focus on shooting in the dark Capture high-resolution color details Supports 4K video shooting and VLOG shooting mode with POCO X5 Pro 5G The 5000 mAh battery supports 67W turbocharging, with up to 30% charge in just 7 minutes later, the POCO X5 5G, which is still focused on Gen Z customers as well. Learning & Entertainment The POCO X5 5G body features a 6.67-inch AMOLED DotDisplay display, 120Hz refresh rate and 4,500,000:1 contrast ratio that ensures a smooth and immersive gaming experience. The DCI-P3POCO 5X 5G comes with a Snapdragon 695 chipset, up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of ROM.
Google launches ChatGPT's rival chatbot as Bard|Google has accelerated itself in the chatbot market by sending Bard, a competitor to ChatGPT, which will be added as part of Google. Search after letting ChatGPT compete for leadership in the chatbot market for some time. Google as a company with the capability to develop artificial intelligence I refused to stay still. The arrival of Bard is sure to rival ChatGPT, which is heavily financed by Microsoft. Search engine technology in Paris, France On Feb. 8, Google ultimately chose to release bard-owned product data before Sundar. Pichai, chief executive officer of Google and Alphabet, revealed that Bard has the ability to respond to up-to-date information, such as new images of stars taken on James Webb cameras suitable for 9-year-olds and questions about who is the best striker in football at the moment. Neural networks mimic the basic architecture of the brain in computer form and then learn through the vast amount of text on the Internet. Pichai said Google will incorporate the company's latest artificial intelligence technologies, including PaLM, an imagen maker and musicLM music maker, into the search engine for ChatGPT. ChatGPT currently has at least 13 million daily active users and has already exceeded 100 million users, prompting Google to accelerate the launch of its own chatbots as quickly as possible.
Microsoft scrolls google page announcing event for Bing ChatGPT|Microsoft announces blitz event ahead of Google's upcoming artificial intelligence event in Paris France The event is expected to announce the partnership of ChatGPT and Bing a few hours ago. Microsoft announced an event inviting media and technology experts to attend the event at Microsoft's headquarters, Redmond, in an invitation letter, which did not provide exact details, but believed it would be a combination of some ChatGPT capabilities and Bing. Microsoft search engine in invitations sent to guest of honor There is a quote of Satya Nadella. Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft "Progress will be shared on some exciting projects, Microsoft's announcement of this event must be called a current event. The announcement came shortly after Google. Microsoft's event was held a day before Google's event, but unfortunately Microsoft's event will not be broadcast live, starting at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, coinciding with Thailand time around 1:00 a.m. on Wednesday, February 8. Microsoft recently announced an expansion of its partnership with OpenAI, the company behind the development of ChatGPT, with a $10 billion deal. Whether it's Word, PowerPoint and Outlook in the near futureSPONSORED Source: The Verge
Elon Musk works more than 120 hours a week. The latter took over Twitter.|Since owning Twitter over the past three months, Elon Musk has worked hard for 120 hours each week, mainly due to efforts to keep Twitter from bankruptcy, the Wall Street Journal reported. Having managed three major companies  Twitter, Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk responded to a tweet in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, explaining his hard work throughout his first three months of owning Twitter. Musk previously admitted that Twitter loses as much as $4 million a day due to a lack of revenue from Twitter's ad system. However, until now, Twitter is not in a very secure financial position, it is known that Elon Musk is usually a hard worker, working up to 80 hours a week. Work, go to bed, work, and repeat like that 7 days a week. It was revealed by Twitter employees that Elon Musk spent most of his time working and sleeping at Twitter's headquarters in San Francisco, where Musk turned some of the office space into an Elon Musk bedroom. Turn a head office room into a bedroom Musk admitted that he had back and neck health problems in 2020, including two spinal cord surgeries. His first steps were to lay off a large number of employees while continuing to reduce costs in other areas, such as ending the leasing of multiple offices to bringing office supplies to auction. Managing three large companies is unlikely to have a positive long-term impact.
AI may help find extraterrestrial life|About 540 million years ago Suddenly, different forms of life appear from the surface of the world's oceans. This period, called Cambrian explosion, is a biological phenomenon in which many organisms emerge at the same time, and these ancient aquatic creatures are our ancestors. These are also among the slate to wonder if apart from our planet. Currently, artificial intelligence (AI) is used in virtually every aspect of science and has now helped astronomers expand their search for extraterrestrial life as well. latest A report in the Journal of Nature Astronomy of a student at the University of Toronto in Canada created a training dataset and inserted simulated signals into real data, and then used it to train artificial intelligence algorithms to automate encryption. It leads to data processing and identifies the dominant features in the data. More than 150 terabytes of previously studied data sets obtained from the Green Telescope were entered, the researchers said. In West Virginia, the U.S. gave AI 20,515 interesting signals, eight of which are unique to the technology, researchers said. Which arouses radio astronomers looking for technological signals. THE WAY IT USED TO BE HYPOTHESIZED THAT THESE SIGNALS COULD MEAN THE EXISTENCE OF TECHNOLOGY AND THE EXISTENCE OF A SOCIETY CAPABLE OF CONTROLLING TECHNOLOGY FOR COMMUNICATION.SPONSORED
Microsoft strengthens Bing with artificial intelligence from OpenAI, creators of ChatGPT|Microsoft (Microsoft) has officially announced a partnership with OpenAI, the creator of ChatGPT, to improve Bing search and edge web browsers and to heat up the Microsoft search engine business competition. Moving towards more artificial intelligence by using the technology behind ChatGPT, the world's hottest chatbot, to enhance Microsoft's productivity. Just announcing a special event on Tuesday, coinciding with around 1am on Wednesday, February 8, the focus of the event is that Microsoft will work with OpenAI to leverage its technology to enhance its existing products, including Bing and edge web browser Satya Nadella. Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft OpenAI's technology is transforming all types of software, said Yusuf Mehdi. Microsoft's head of consumer marketing said Bing's search engine will be powered by artificial intelligence while running on a large language model, which is newer and more efficient than ChatGPT. The brand new version of Bing will be available to registered users expressing interest, but millions of users around the world who are waiting will also be able to use Bing, but it may have to wait a bit. Expected in the coming weeks, it should be ready to be available as microsoft and open AI partnerships become even more solid. Microsoft initially invested about $1 billion in Open AI before moving to $10 billion in 2023. This comes ahead of Google's artificial intelligence and search engine events held in Paris. In France, around 8:30 p.m. today, Feb. 8, Google's artificial intelligence segment was launched a day before the event, which came as Bard (a poet). The fact that Microsoft and Google both incorporate chatbots into the search section means that after this, the search patterns will change. Originally in the form of a link to send directly to another website, it became a form of Q&A, with a worrying question about whether the chatbot that gave the answer to the person who asked it provided accurate and factual information. On the new version of Bing's website, it is clearly stated that Bing, powered by artificial intelligence, could make a mistake. Therefore, users need to check the facts with the source: Microsoft.
Tinder delivers new features to increase security using dating apps|Tinder Updated features for the safety of users in the community, covering hate speech, sexual harassment and harassment of Tinder. Dating application provider Features include features to enhance the security of users of applications like Does This Bother You? (Does this bother you?) and Are You Sure?, which will cover languages that Tinder considers more harmful or inappropriate, such as words related to hate speech, sexual harassment or harassment, contrary to community guidelines. Does This Bother You? encourages members to report inappropriate conversations and take action against members who break the rules, which since the launch of the feature has reported up to 46 percent of inappropriate messages. Incognito is a mode that is another step towards hiding profiles. Members will still be able to like or reject, but only people you like will see you on their referral page. THIS MODE GIVES YOU CONTROL OVER WHO CAN SEE YOU. It's an important step to help members choose who they want to see on the app. It's an easy way to avoid seeing the profile of your boss or ex-girlfriend that you don't want to see. Before starting matching, if anyone's profile is displayed on the recommendation page. Members can block that profile so that it doesn't reappear. It's another feature that's been added in addition to the feature. Block accounts and block after pressing the report of Mr. Rory Kosol. Tinder's Vice President of Product and Safety said these features are built for safety as a priority. In the past, Tinder has worked with partners and experts to expand security features and demonstrate our efforts to help people who date online build good relationships from the moment they get started. THE MAIN GOAL IS TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND KNOWLEDGE TO MAKE TINDER THE SAFEST PLACE TO MEET NEW PEOPLE.
OnePlus 11, the new flagship mobile launcher 3 rear cameras, OLED screen|OnePlus, a subsidiary brand under Oppo's supervision, has delivered its latest flagship smartphone, the OnePlus 11, with plans to launch it in the one-plus global market. Unveiling its newest smartphone, the OnePlus 11, after its earlier launch in China in early January, the OnePlus 11 comes with three rear cameras, including a 50-megapixel main camera. 48MP Ultra Wide Camera 32MP tele camera Inside, it features a Hasselblad and a 16-megapixel front-facing camera, with a 6.7-inch screen with a resolution of 1440 x 3216 pixels. OnePlus 11 comes with Android 13, oxygenOS 13 interface, guarantees 4 years of new os updates, and 5 years of continuous security patches. The 8GB RAM + 128GB ROM model is available for US$699 and US$799 for the 16GB RAM + 256GB ROM model, available in two colours, Titan Black and Eternal Green, available in the U.S. on February 16.
"Space Convention" discusses "Embassy of France" Driving space innovation|"Economist" reveals "Space Subcommittee" discusses "French Embassy" Driving space innovation Reshape the image of the two countries to be more contemporary. Preparing to exchange information with France, offering higher education space technology scholarships with Thailand On Feb. 7, 2023, a meeting of the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security was held. in the Commission on Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society; House of Representatives with Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan List of MPs of the Bhumjaithai Party As Chairman of the Subcommittee, he chaired the meeting and considered the implementation of the France-Thailand Year of Innovation 2023 (YOI) project. Mr. Remi Lambert, Deputy Counselor from the Embassy of France in Thailand Dr. Panaj Chairat Director, National Innovation Agency (Public Organization) Mr. Chanwit Munikanon President of The Asian Aviation Institute and President of The Institute of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International College of Aviation Industry King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang and Ms. Cattleya Del-Mer, Advisor to the Subcommittee on Space Affairs for Economy and Security Attend the meeting to discuss space innovation by Dr. Sethapong The Deputy Chief Of Staff said: Embassy of France in Thailand He said it was an honour to meet with the Commission, which is very important, and reiterated that this year is the Year of French-Thai Innovation with the goal of improving relations between the two countries. Thailand is France's Indo-Pacific strategic hub, which aims to enhance relations toward strategic partnerships. By 2024, both transportation and space-related technologies will be the year of French-Thai innovation. At its core, space aims to participate in various projects with Thailand. In order to make the image of both countries more contemporary in terms of technology and innovation. IN ADDITION, HE REITERATED THAT THE TWO COUNTRIES INTEND TO STRENGTHEN RELATIONS IN BOTH THE MEDIUM AND LONG TERM, WHILE ALSO PROPOSING THE EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION AND WORKING AT THE COMMISSION LEVEL WITH FRANCE AND FRANCE, AS WELL AS SUPPORTING SCHOLARSHIPS FOR THOSE WHO STUDY HIGHER EDUCATION IN SPACE TECHNOLOGY WITH THAILAND. GISTDA expressed its gratitude and appreciation that the Embassy of France in Thailand has supported Thailand in innovation and has provided detailed information to the Commission, as the work of the Embassy of France in Thailand coincides with the work of the Sub-Commission. The Commission initiated the establishment of a Space Technology Laboratory in collaboration with GISTDA and ECSTAR at Wiang Pa Pao Technical College. Wiang Pa Pao Chiang Rai Knowing that the work of the French Embassy in Thailand is in the same direction, it was agreed that it could cooperate on various projects, while the Commission cooperated with various government organizations and private companies. Meanwhile, the Institute of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang has also partnered with French company Airbus. Therefore, it is hoped that Thailand will continue to cooperate in the development of space technology and innovation with France. Rungvijitchai, Chairman of the Communications Commission To know and to invite the Embassy of France in Thailand. To meet again.
Bard Google's chatbot provides misinformation during the demo.|Bard, Google's recently launched chatbot service, faced serious problems during the demo before it was launched, finding that Bard had misinformation, which was a major problem with the use of AI chatbots on Monday. Google has officially announced its own chatbot, called Bard, which of course is a competitor to ChatGPT, which will be available to the general public in the coming weeks. During the demonstration session, it emerged that Bard had given false information about James Webb's telescope, which Bard said was the first time that James Webb's camera had captured images outside the solar system, despite the fact that it had been able to shoot outside the solar system since 2004. Users should use this chatbot with caution after this issue. Google said it would highlight the importance of a rigorous audit process, and this week it will launch a program called Trusted Tester, which combines external feedback with internal audits to ensure Bard provides highly standardized responses to quality, security and reasonableness of data.
Google improves translation capabilities to better match context|At the Google Live from Paris event, Google updated its capabilities across several services, one of which was interesting, a translation system that could be translated more contextually on the evening of February 8, 2019. In particular, in English, French, Japanese, Germany, and Spanish, to match what you want to convey and be as natural as possible, Google's new capabilities update, especially in the translation section, will be available in the coming weeks. In terms of interface design Google has updated its appearance. Add a speech translation system, which is placed in the middle of the screen. It also looks at the convenience of users. By making the user touch the screen, use fewer commands and make them easier to use, as well as increasing the use of swipes for faster use.
Netflix has already started cracking down on password sharing in Canada, Portugal, New Zealand and Spain.|Netflix Launched a service called Paid sharing, better known as password sharing suppression measures in four countries: Canada, Portugal, New Zealand and Spain. The world's largest streaming provider Launched a system called Paid sharing, which is a measure to organize netflix account division parties that many users do, which despite violating the terms of service, Netflix has chosen not to take any action, even as the company's revenue and membership numbers decrease, so there is a serious crackdown on this. Netflix gives users the option to make additional payments on their accounts, for example, users in Canada have to pay an additional 7.99 Canadian dollars/month per person, 7.99 canadian dollars per month, 7.99 canadian dollars per month, 7.99 canadian dollars per month, 7.99 canadian dollars per month, 7.99 canadian dollars, 7.99 canadian dollars, 7.99 canadian Netflix has said that the paid sharing system will come into force by March 2023. It's just that some members of the family live in different places. For reasons of work and university education. It is unclear how Netflix will approach this.
Alibaba doesn't fall for it. Revealed that they are doing the same chatbot as ChatGPT.|Alibaba, the e-commerce giant from China Confirm they stick to the Chatbot Express train and prepare to develop technologies that will rival ChatGPT as well as Google Alibaba's Bard. E-commerce giant from China They are developing chatbots similar to ChatGPT, which is considered the hottest technology in the world right now, and are in the process of being tested internally by Alibaba. They have been developing artificial intelligence since 2017, but when will chatGPT's rival chatbots be released? These include Google, which has Bard, as well as Microsoft, which integrates ChatGPT with Microsoft Edge, and Bing. In addition to Alibaba, Baidu is another of the leading Chinese companies that have already announced that they are developing ChatGPT-style chatbots. As Ernie bot or Wenxin Yiyan in Chinese, it is highly likely that Alibaba's chatbots will be integrated into Alibaba's business. Source: CNNSPONSORED
ASEAN had only 8 emerging unicorn startups in 2022, three times less than the previous year.|DealStreetAsia reports that in 2022, In Southeast Asia, only 8 startups can become unicorns (startups with a company value of US$1 billion), which is almost 3 times less than in 2021, with a total of 23 unicorns. Digital financial solutions provider with SCB as strategic investor of over 3 billion baht -Insider, Singapore-based marketing software provider -Voyager Philippine digital wallet provider Paymaya, which has Chinese tech giant Tencent as a joint venture-Biofourmis. Singapore-based personalized healthcare digital provider-Coda Payments Singapore-DANA Online Payment Solutions Provider Digital Wallet Platform Provider-LINE MAN Wong Nai On-demand platform provider and Thai restaurant information-Kredivo An Indonesian online lending platform provider, among the number of emerging unicorns. Singapore is also ranked No. 1 along with Indonesia. Thailand has LINE MAN Wong Nai as the latest unicorn. After 2021, two unicorns, Flash Express and Ascend Money, were born. It reflects the funding model of each country. Last year, Singaporean startups raised $9.79 billion, followed by Indonesian startups with $3.77 billion. The two countries together account for about 86% of the total capital raised at $158 billion, sponsored by business type, with five-eighths of emerging unicorns being financial technology companies, or fintechs, worth $5 billion, followed by e-commerce online commerce businesses worth $3.5 billion, which shows a significant increase in investor interest in financial technology among emerging unicorns. Singapore-based Coda Payments was the highest-funded company to raise $690 million in Series C in April last year from major investors including Singapore's National Wealth Fund GIC, Insight Partners and Smash Capital, while second, Indonesia's Akulaku and Singapore's Biofourmis, raised $300 million each last year. This is the highest level on record, however, the overall picture of unicorns in ASEAN. Singapore is also the reigning country with the highest number of cases at 25, followed by Indonesia with 16, Vietnam with 4, Thailand with 3, Philippines with 2 and Malaysia with 2.
Twitter increases tweet length to 4,000 characters for Twitter Blue users only|Twitter announced an increase in the length of tweets from the original limit of 280 characters to 4,000 characters. Twitter Blue, Twitter's membership model, offers features that are different from Twitter users in a free format. Increased the capability for each tweet from the original limit of 280 characters. The advantage of increasing the font size for Twitter Blue users increases the chances of long conversations and leaves plenty of room for other forms of media posting, including stills and videos. Blue will only see the same 280 characters, but users can read longer tweets by clicking on "Show more" or Show More to see all of the tweets. Blue will later receive additional privileges, as previously announced by Elon Musk. Whether it's about seeing fewer ad posts than Twitter users. Twitter Blue has expanded its range of services. In India Source: TechCrunch
Hogwarts Legacy games set new records It has nearly 500,000 concurrent players.|Harry's Wizard Universe Potter, in the version of the game under the name Hogwarts Legacy, is a magnificent success. Although the game is not yet widely available, the followers of the Harry Potter Universe Potter Hogwarts Legacy, a game developed from the Harry Potter book world, will officially open to gamers around the world today (February 10, 2023) in Thailand, February 11, 2023. The figures are based on a Twitter account called @BenjiSales, which contains relevant information in the gaming industry. According to Hogwarts Legacy, there are 474,144 concurrent players on the Steam platform at the same time. The audience of Hogwarts Legacy on Twitch has also been positive. Sponsoredhogwarts Legacy is an open world style game that gives players the freedom to complete missions. After some players played Hogwarts Legacy, there was a phenomenon where people online attacked gamers because they disagreed with JK's idea. Rowling, creator of the Harry Universe Potter, due to JK's character. Rowling Anti-transgender ideas have spread to the game world. Although in fact JK's character. Rowling It has not contributed anything to the creation of the universe in the world of Hogwarts Legacy games.
Giants flock to disney layoffs in hopes of cutting costs, Zoom sees business games missed, over-hiring during COVID|Disney hopes to reduce costs After unprofitable streaming, it is preparing to lay off 7,000 employees, hoping to reduce costs by 180 billion baht. Announced a reorganization plan to reduce costs by $5.5 billion or approximately 184.14 billion baht (exchange rate as of February 9 at THB 33.48 per U.S. dollar). More than 7,000 layoffs make up 4% of the world's workforce Following the loss of the streaming business, returning its focus to family and child movies after announcing its first quarter 2023 results (October-December 2022), Disney CEO Bob Iger announced plans to restructure its production to boost film and TV production by reducing costs by $5.5 billion and expecting to lay off more than 7,000 employees, or 4% of the global workforce, starting with the merger of production and distribution departments into streaming services, with the exception of major American sports channel ESPN, which provides cable television and streaming systems that will be separated into single departments for the first time. It is an attempt by the company to generate revenue by making sports channels easier to sell. It's been a major change since Bob Iger returned as CEO in place of Bob Chapek, which signaled a layoff of employees. Last November, though, Disney's revenue from streaming services increased 13% to $5.3 billion. But on December 8, 2022, it raised the monthly membership price of Disney Plus to $11, an ad-free package, up 38% from the original price of $8, as global subscribers fell by more than 2.4 million accounts from a total of 161.8 million subscribers. This is due to Disney Plus's cheap subscription prices in India. It also lost its bid to renew its rights to the Premier League cricket tournament, coupled with revenue from Hulu, whose members grew by only 2% overseas. It grossed $23.5 billion. Although the Disney Plus streaming platform is still not profitable at present, the company expects to start making profits from October 2024 onwards, causing the streaming division to lose a total of $1.1 billion this year. The company plans to return to focus on family and child entertainment. By making an animated film, a sequel. Zoom CEO Eric Yuan announced the layoff of 1,300 employees, or about 15% of the total workforce, which will affect all employees in the company due to excessive employment during COVID. In January, Amazon, Alphabet (parent company Google) and Microsoft announced the layoff of 18,000, 12,000 and 10,000 people, respectively, due to a sharp decline in digital platform users. Following the easing of COVID measures in many countries, this is not the first time CEOs have taken responsibility by cutting their own salaries, Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai and Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon have also announced their own salary cuts.
Elon Musk fired an engineer from the company over his displeasure at the decline in views on his Twitter.|Elon Musk has been accused of firing a top engineer for his displeasure with the decline in views on Twitter, reflecting that the twitter owner is becoming less popular, The Associated Press reported. Platform Elon Musk recently fired an employee who is a senior engineer at the company. On the issue of Musk's character becoming less popular. Noting that the views have fallen to Musk. The issue that Musk questioned was whether Elon Musk's Twitter account had 100 million followers, but impressions were only in the tens of thousands. According to Google Trends, Elon Musk's popularity is actually declining. It had previously scored 100 points in April before dropping to nine points after a Twitter offer from a senior engineer told the meeting that the decline in popularity was likely due to Musk's move. THE INTERESTING POINT OF THE STORY IS THAT LAST WEEK ELON MUSK TESTED BY TEMPORARILY LOCKING HIS ACCOUNT PRIVATE TO TEST HOW VIEWS HAVE INCREASED OR DECREASED. He also shared about the atmosphere of working on Twitter under Elon Musk, saying that the atmosphere has changed from face to hand. From the original talk. The exchange of ideas was done freely on the Slack application, but now that it is almost a ghost town, people choose not to chat about work anymore. There's also a strange work culture, like when Elon Musk asks any question. There are also Twitter employees who say that Elon Musk should think a lot before making some decisions, and in some things he does not know, it is wise for knowledgeable people to come to work. In the Twitter 2.0 era, workers worked like they were licensed to do anything immediately, the spokesperson and Elon's character. Musk declined to comment Source: Platformer
Microsoft reveals more than 1 million active users Waiting for the new version of Bing|Microsoft has revealed that more than 1 million users are looking forward to using the new version of Bing with artificial intelligence structured behind it. After waitlisting registration is only a few days away, Yusuf Mehdi Vice President and Chief Consumer Marketing Officer of Microsoft Tweeting on his personal Twitter account, @yusuf_i_mehdi revealed that at this time, there are people who have registered to be interested (waitlist) to sign up for Bing services. The new version, powered by artificial intelligence technology in the first 48 hours, numbered more than 1 million registered users expressing interest in using Bing. New version Of course, the number of interest registrations of up to 1 million may be a big option, but compared to Bing's 1.2 billion active users in mid-2022, it means that only 0.1 percent of people are interested in the new version of Bing. However, it must be emphasized that this is the figure that came out in the first 48 hours for Bing. The new Bing, a collaboration with OpenAI, the man behind the development of ChatGPT technology, was officially launched on February 8, with enhanced capabilities of the Microsoft web browser. Edge (Microsoft Edge) with SPONSORED Source: 9to5Google
Oppo Find N2 Flip to be released outside of China Launched February 15th|Oppo announces that it is preparing to launch the Oppo Find N2 Flip outside of China for the first time. Later, the famous smartphone maker from China announced that it would launch the Oppo Find N2 Flip in the global market for the first time. @oppo officially confirmed the launch of Oppo Find N2 Flip on February 15 at 2.30pm London time, UK time, 21.30am local time. Oppo Find N2 Flip means that consumers will not yet see Oppo Find N2, a flagship foldable smartphone, soon. There are not many competitors in the foldable mobile market, and Samsung has captured almost all of the market share.SOURCE: 9to5Google
David Li heads Huawei New Thailand Announces Mission to Build Thai Workforce with Digital Skills|Huawei Technologies (Thailand) has appointed David Li as Chief Executive Officer of Huawei Technologies Thailand. Digital Industry and 5G at HUAWEI Meet the Press 2023 - Episode 1 Huawei Thailand Announcement of Appointment David Li is chairman of Huawei. Technology Thailand At one point in an interview, David Li said he had previously worked at Huawei. Thailand comes first, and I'm back in Thailand. It's like returning to a familiar place for Huawei's strategy. Thailand Under David Li's leadership, Huawei has revealed that it will push Thailand to become an ASEAN digital hub. and drive the smart industry, starting with the development of telecommunications infrastructure. Promote connectivity, which is a fundamental right of Thai people. Huawei There is a need to expand network coverage to remote areas, starting this year, to deliver quality 5G services at the same time. The issue of cyber security is also a matter to be aware of, and Huawei will share knowledge on cybersecurity. to regulatory authorities. The goal is to enhance its global cybersecurity index. The next strategy that David Li revealed was about building IT personnel in Thailand. SPONSORED aims to develop 20,000 technology professionals within a three-year period to enable digital transformation in Thailand's industrial sector, cultivate digital work, and build digital skilled workers.
Google employees criticize CEO Sundar Pichai rushed to launch Bard too early, causing a mistake.|Google employees open their mouths to criticize Sundar Google and Alphabet CEO Pichai at an internal forum after an artificial intelligence chatbot provided misinformation during the demo that led to a 9 percent drop in the company's shares, CNBC reported. Google and Alphabet CEO Pichai, in particular, dealt with the launch of the company's newest chatbot Bard, which will rival the newly launched ChatGPT earlier this week, criticizing Sundar's leadership. Pichai by Google employees It took place on the company's internal forum, Memegen, to comment that Google's development of Bard Chatbot was in a hurry. Lack of resolution and lack of teamwork problems above. Google employees It said it happened at one point during the presentation at Google Live from Paris because the person in charge of the presentation forgot the mobile phone for the demonstration. Demo continues with the misrepresentation of James Webb's telescope facts. Google's chatbots provide misinformation during the demo at the same time. Some Google employees have highlighted the company's mistakes, such as the rush to launch Bard as mentioned above, reflecting Google's fears and panic, as well as the recent layoffs. It's full of hustle and bustle as well. Before encouraging that companies should return to a long-term perspective from Google's mistakes. At the launch of Bard, the company's shares fell as much as 9 percent this week. The reason for the stock fall was the threat efforts of Microsoft, which has joined forces with OpenAI by adopting artificial intelligence. Let's enhance the capabilities of Microsoft Edge and Bing. Source: CNBC
Free timeout The 2-factor authentication system is only available for people who pay for a Twitter Blue membership.|Twitter packages, which charge or collect membership fees under the service called Twitter Blue, will bring the free 2-factor authentication service to Twitter Blue subscribers only from March 20. Open a special package Collect money for services in groups that subscribe to Twitter In December 2022, it was $8 per month for web users and $11 for iOS and Android operating systems, or about 250-330 baht per month. Elon Musk's Twitter Blue membership fee has not come to fruition because as of January 2023, only 2.9 lakh users have subscribed, representing only 0.2 percent of twitter users. Elon Musk is trying again to make the Twitter plan to charge for the service to the liking of its users. Twitter Blue announced via blog.twitter.com that paying Twitter subscribers will receive a two-factor authentication (2FA) service to give account holders or Twitter account more confidence in their security. Originally, Twitter was free to tweet. 280 characters There is also a still and video tweet area.
Develop sensors for wearables to use in water.|Wearable electronic devices such as smart watches and other electronic devices linked by the Internet The so-called "Internet of Things (IoT) or smart home devices are now common and global. This has led to interest in increasing the capabilities of flexible and wireless sensors at an unprecedented level, however, many sensors require additional antennas to operate wirelessly and in real time. This affects the size of the sensor, and the performance of devices operating with radio frequency signals must be reduced when used in water and inside metals. To overcome this problem. A research team led by experts from Northumbria University in England has developed a wearable sensor that can transmit data wirelessly through sound waves, through air and water. It works by using electricity generated by voltage and heat from technology that generates and accumulates energy, which comes from impact on materials, by converting kinetic energy from motion into electrical energy, enabling voice detection and communication. It may be used for healthcare benefits such as wirelessly transmitting information about a patient's heart rate during hospitalization or using it in the water industry to help locate blockages inside metal water pipes in the future.
iPhone First-generation auction closes from 2007 at 100 times more expensive than the price of the device|The first unsealed iPhone from 2007 was auctioned off by LCG. The auction was completed for more than $63,000, which is more than 100 times the price of the LCG machine. The online auction company announced the official closure of the first iPhone First-gen, which was released in 2007. The iPhone First-generation was sold by Apple for just U.S. $599 (about 21,000 baht), which has 4GB and 8GB memory, a 2-megapixel camera and a 3.5-inch screen, according to Business Insider. According to the previous owner of the iPhone First-gen, the device was auctioned off. His name is Karen. Green is a beauty tattoo artist in New Jersey, where she received an iPhone as a gift but never activated it, as she recently entered into a mobile network usage contract with Verizon. There have been many ideas to sell this iPhone, but it has been kept ever since. He even contacted the LCG auction company. In October, after learning that the previously auctioned iPhone First-gen could sell for $40,000, if it had been paid for by the auction, it would have been a big chunk to help expand her beauty studio. The first iPhone from 2007 began on February 2nd, before closing the auction on February 9, 2023.
Facebook charges 400-500 baht per month for meta verified.|Meta Facebook charges for the account you want to ask for a blue check mark. Meta Verified starts at US$11.99 or THB 414 per month as expected. The blue verification mark or Meta Verified that it has been verified as a trustworthy account or account, not a fake account, costs USD 11.99 or THB 414 per month for users of the website and USD 14.99 or THB 517 when used on iOS and Android. If Facebook verifies that the blue check mark is a symbol that makes facebook page viewers more trustworthy and part of building a fan base, the plan to charge for the blue check mark or blue verification mark or Meta Verified pay 11.99-14.99 US dollars per month will also be linked to an Instagram account or IG (Instagram) starting later this week in the Australian New Zealand service area later this week. Under the huge number of users, and really, it's in line with its plan to earn more money, as Twitter recently charged Twitter Blue $11 a month.
TikTok unveils readiness for Thailand's 2023 general elections, highlights accurate information|TikTok, an entertainment platform provider Announcing the preparation of tools, policies and prohibitions on TikTok's platform for the 2023 Thai election season, Mr. Jiraphat Li, Head of Product Policy at TikTok, revealed that TikTok's mission is to bring safety to the user community. Mr. Jirapat stated that TikTok is managed in two parts, the first of which is machine learning as the first stage to screen content that may have problems for the user community. In preparation for Thailand's general election in 2023, TikTok has consulted and conducted studies with educators and relevant agencies such as the KGT and Cofact to deal with potential problems in Thai elections. That's the problem. Mr. Jirapat added that it is about fake news, including disinformation. The head of public policy at TikTok discussed the Government, Politician, and Political Party Account (GPPPA) policy, which is TikTok's proactive policy for managing the types of politicians' accounts, past and present, in connection with the 2023 elections. A spokesman for politicians and political parties said the GPPPA policy is open to political stakeholders. Identity verification, which includes tick-to-k contact directly with politicians, as well as self-verification, which is considered as a guideline for directing content within the community of TikTok Kinda, confirming that TikTok A has strong measures and guidelines. For IO (Information Operations) accounts or information tactical accounts If it is detected, it will go through the verification process, and the actual breach of conditions will lead to the process of deleting the account. In addition, TikTok does not have a policy for political advertising, including not allowing politicians and political parties running in the 2023 elections to work with content creators in the community of TikTok users. (Do and Don't ) to build knowledge and mutual understanding on the Tik-to-A platform.
Microsoft reduces Bing AI usage restrictions to 6 times a day, up to 60 messages per day|Last week, Microsoft (Micorosft) restricted the Terms of Service. Bing AI has recently modified its terms to make it more convenient to use Microsoft. Revealed through Bing Blog, the official web blog of search engines. It has announced the easing of restrictions on chatbotting. AI to achieve a balance with the use of previous causes. Microsoft has been very strict about bing. By requiring only 5 sessions of questions to be asked no more than 50 messages, that's because when users create conversations that are too long, they can't ask questions. As a result, Bing's answer AI is faulty and lacks accuracy at the same time. Microsoft admits that each session with a long and complex chat is not something Microsoft encountered during the testing phase. AI is now looking for cases of potentially unusual use in this way, which will lead to further learning and improvement of the product. It was found to be inadequate for consumer use. A number of users have commented on this on Reddit threads, leading to Microsoft's decision to loosen restrictions. In a blog post, Bing said it would increase to 100 sessions per day, but that's the future plan. Microsoft has also said that it is starting to test new settings, such as wanting shorter and more search-oriented answers, or wanting answers with creative characteristics, with the goal of giving users control over their chat habits and meet their needs.
Microsoft reveals Xbox holds 30 percent share of the global console market|Xbox now holds a 30 percent share, behind Sony's PlayStation, which has a 70 percent share. Vice President of Microsoft Speaking at a press conference on Tuesday about the global gaming console market share at this time, Microsoft's Xbox said it was "very concerned" about the company's share of the game console market. Sony's all-time competitor PlayStation has a whopping 70 percent. Of course, Sony is still strong with a 96 percent share, and Sony has a dedicated European market share of 80 percent. Admittedly, even in recent times. Sony will struggle with the supply chain, but in the end, Sony will remain strong in the console market thanks to Microsoft's Brad Smith console market share. This is probably one of the reasons why Microsoft would oppose the merger of Activision Blizzard as a monopoly on competition, since the console market is in fact a market where Sony is the market leader, not Microsoft at the same time. Microsoft has confirmed that they want to negotiate with Sony for the introduction of Call of Duty on the PlayStation platform as a 10-year contract.
Elon Musk announces plans to release open source algorithms next week|Twitter owner Elon Musk has confirmed he is set to release an open source algorithm next week. Admittedly, initially it may have been a bit frustrating for users, but it will be rapidly evolving, said Elon Musk, the owner and CEO of Twitter. @elonmusk tweeted asking his followers to say what they wanted. Ahead of one user's discussion of open source, Musk said he would release an open source algorithm next week. Elon Musk said there may have been some disappointment at first, but it will gradually improve rapidly on the issue of open source algorithms, something that has been talked about by Elon Musk since he became the owner of Twitter. Elon Musk is skeptical of bias in Twitter's algorithms, which has affected public conversations quite a bit. It generally refers to source code or software that is accessible to the general public. Source: Business Insider
The classic Angry Birds game is set to be removed from the Play Store.|Rovio is the developer of Angry Birds, a popular smartphone game. The decision to end Angry Birds Classic on Android's Play Store platform is believed to be due to the fact that the game does not have a rovio item purchase system. Announced via a statement on Twitter channel @Rovio confirming the closure of the classic Angry Birds game on the Play Store platform, officially effective February 23, 2023. The decision to shut down the Angry Birds Classic game Rovio argues overall as a business decision, but in reality, it's because the classic game is a one-time purchase. Sequels like Angry Birds 2 have microtransactions available, which provides an opportunity to profit further from the advertising system. With that in mind, this eventually brings to the end of the classic Angry Birds legend.
Chinese Government Restrict access to ChatGPT because it could be U.S. government propaganda.|China Regulatory Authority The issue of the arrival of ChatGPT has caused the world to watch. At this time, ChatGPT, developed by OpenAI, is not yet available in China because the Chinese government has a giant firewall that strictly censors the Internet. The Chinese government has reportedly instructed major Internet service providers in China. Both Tencent and Ant Group cut off access to ChatGPT, arguing that this could be a powerful tool in the United States. For spreading fake news While China Daily published an article questioning Xinjiang on ChatGPT, the answer was often consistent with U.S. government propaganda. It has called what happened a genocide. REJECT THE NEWS OF HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN XINJIANG EVERY TIME THE ISSUE IS RAISED IN PUBLIC DEBATESSPONSORED FOR LEADING COMPANIES IN CHINA. They are developing chatbots in the same way as ChatGPT, including Baidu, Alibaba, JD.com and Tencent, as well as universities in China.
Bloomberg reports Apple made big progress in implanting blood sugar test chips on Apple Watch.|Apple is set to add a major update to its health chipset by adding a chip that can detect blood sugar from its Apple Watch over the years. News continues that Apple is testing the introduction of glucose monitoring to its Apple Watch, according to a recent bloomberg news agency. Apple has made significant progress in this regard, believing that the opportunity for the new Apple Watch in the future to come with a blood sugar monitor chip and be available to the market within Apple has called for a development program to monitor blood glucose on the Apple Watch. The project, which involves developing a blood glucose chipset, has been a long-standing project since Steve Jobs was Apple's chief executive, according to Bloomberg. Apple's development of the project is a top-secret project, with hundreds of engineers working diligently on the job, which is part of what Apple calls the Exploratory Design Group, or XDG. He explained that leading technology companies in the past had the idea of improving their ability to monitor blood glucose levels, but it seems that Apple has gone the farthest, with Apple opting for a different approach from other companies by using silicon chips, photonics and an assimilation process called spectroscopy. Then, when the light is reflected back to the sensor, it indicates the concentration of glucose sponsored in the silicon chipset development section. Photonics Apple has hired TSMC, a long-time Apple trading partner, to take over the role to Bloomberg. Apple has experimented with the technology on hundreds of people over the past 10 years with the ultimate aim of raising awareness among people about whether they have diabetes. Although the development of blood sugar monitoring tools is advancing to the point of becoming a key marker for Apple, it is still in the process of proving the concept of whether it is feasible. Apple also had to downsize its chip design to make it as practical and convenient as possible for human use. Nowadays, the size of the prototype is almost the same size as the iPhone for Exploratory Design Group, which has a similar concept to Google X, which focuses heavily on research and development. Apple has invested at least hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars in the project.
Samsung launches smartphone satellite communications for connections in remote areas|Samsung Launched a satellite communication solution on smartphones using the 5G non-terrestrial networks (NTN) modem standard to enable smartphones to connect to satellites in remote Samsung locations. Announced the launch of a communications solution with the goal of integrating 5G non-terrestrial networks (NTN) technology with the Exynos chipset, developed by Samsung and used in many smartphones. The launch of 5G non-terrestrial networks (NTN) is part of its plans to pave the way for future technologies like 6G. Satellite communication technology can only take two forms: messaging and calling, but Samsung claims that future satellite communication technologies will deliver both photos and videos. At this time, Apple began to service this technology in the United States and Canada before expanding to France, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Amazon's Kindle Store began with books written by robots from ChatGPT already|Amazon's Kindle Store is being invaded by robot writers. There are now at least 200 e-books with ChatGPT as an author or co-author since ChatGPT was first released to the public by OpenAI at the end of November 2022. At this time, it was revealed that on Amazon's Kindle Store platform, there are no less than 200 e-books written by ChatGPT, both as writers and co-authors, but amazon's conditions do not clearly indicate whether the books are written by artificial intelligence. Last year, around 1.4 million copies were published on this channel, and amazon, as the owner of the Kindle Store platform, has not put in place any requirements relating to robot writers coming from ChatGPT, including no blocking. If a human writer were to brainstorm with chatbots to create sponsored writings, the problems that might arise afterwards would be the large language models, which are the foundation of Google's ChatGPT and Bard AI development, all trained by man-made content. Although Amazon's policies cannot be changed overnight, there are proponents of the idea that Amazon should have a more explicit label on which books are written by artificial intelligence to provide information to readers, etc. Source: TechRadarSPONSORED
Why did Nokia change its logo in 60 years?|Nokia, a mobile phone brand that was famous in the era before smartphones hit the market. Logo change announcement for the first time After nearly 60 years of using the original logo, Nokia The Finnish technology company is considered to be the greatest company in the mobile phone market because it has dominated the phone user market for many years until after 2011, the emergence of smartphones with iPhones, Samsung and Chinese brands penetrated the market and gained customers almost all over the world. However, what Nokia still has is technology businesses such as mobile network sales and, of course, changing Nokia's logo in the next 60 years. It means a lot about why Nokia changed its logo and signaled a breakthrough in the technology business from now on. Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Spain by Pegga Pekka Lundmark, CEO, Nokia At one point, the world is digitally transformed, and Nokia has the strength of network technology that meets the needs of businesses and people. There are 5 different designs or designs for this new logo: blue and white. It underscores that Nokia is an expert, leading and pioneering expert in the world of technology, innovation, and fully co-operation with business partners.
Twitter shut down Slack within the company, resulting in employees being unable to perform their normal work.|Slack, the twitter team's internal communications system, crashed for unknown reasons, with employees being notified of maintenance, but the slack team argued that Twitter should have shut down the channel itself, the platform reported. Twitter in Elon Musk's era is still full of problems. Slack, a twitter employee's communication channel, has been shut down for unknown reasons. As a result, employees are unable to perform their duties as they should, as a result of the above points, causing confusion as to why. Before the staff was communicated that the slack was normally maintained, it wasn't enough. The Jira platform, a key software for Twitter engineers, also crashed on Wednesday. As a result, Twitter's work throughout the day was at a standstill, however, the next morning, Twitter engineers were able to resume normal operation. The platformer contacted Slack to inquire about the situation on Twitter, where Slack's administrators confirmed there was no maintenance. At the time, however, it was likely due to a shutdown by someone on Twitter. One of Musk's companies uses a platform called Most, Outlook and Teams for email and meetings, or, on the other hand, a cost-cutting plan within Twitter in the era of Musk. Slack is not only a communication tool, but also important information, as Twitter has seen a lot of layoffs. The remaining employees must use the documents contained in the slack as references and supporting information for the business news agency. Insider has asked Twitter about the incident, but has yet to receive any response or denial.
"DES - Ambassador of France" Discuss the French-Thai Innovation Year 2023|"Sethapong" revealed that "KMT DES" welcomed "French ambassador" to discuss the French-Thai Innovation Year 2023 project, hoping for 2 projects "Space Lab - Building small satellites into space" supported by "French ambassador" hoping "Thai-Farang" to cooperate concretely to exchange knowledge, technology - economic development together on February 27, 2023. Vice Chairman, Telecommunications and Digital Economy and Society Committee (DES), House of Representatives Last week, the DES was led by Ms. Kalaya Rungvijitchai. The Chairman of the Commission, accompanied by himself, Mr. Sarorat Prathum. Chairperson of the Advisory Board of KMT, Ms. Cattleya Delmer, Mr. Amarin Pimnu, Advisor to the Commission, including Mr. Chanwit Munikanon President of The Asian Aviation Institute and President of The Institute of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International Aviation Industry College King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang et al. welcomed Mr. Thierry Mat H.E.Mr hou, Ambassador of the Republic of France to Thailand, and his delegation discussed the implementation of the France - Thailand Year of Innovation 2023 (YOI) project, which focuses on promoting and developing cooperation in space technology. THE SPACE AFFAIRS BETWEEN THAILAND AND FRANCE, AS WELL AS STRENGTHENING THE TIES BETWEEN THE TWO COUNTRIES, SPONSORED COL. DR. SETTHAPONG He said he thanked the French Ambassador to Thailand and his delegation for initiating the Year of Innovation 2023 project and also paid attention to the actions of the DES Commission, which assumes that we both share the same goal. In the DES Commission, it was proposed by the French government. Consider supporting projects initiated and implemented by our Commission. 1. Space Technology Laboratory project for vocational and university students, which the Commission has already implemented in the initial stages at Wiang Pa Pao Technical College. The objective is to equip students with knowledge on climate change and environmental protection for sustainable development using satellite imagery by the Excellence Center of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang is the main project operator and supported by GISTDA. Both projects have received initial support from the House of Representatives, GISTDA, and the private sector, and if possible, the French government can support any part of the project, which it believes will be of great benefit to the space industry in the region, and I hope that we can work together to build a close relationship. between Thailand and France forever." Dr. Sethapong continued, "In addition, The French Ambassador, Thierry Matu. It emphasizes the importance of space, space science, research studies, and aircraft. Military and civilian developments, as well as startups, will be a major force in economic development and building the country's economic ecosystem. The ambassador spoke of the French Air and Space Force (AAE), a new force formed under the French Ministry of Defense. The National Centre for Space Studies (CNES) has the same characteristics as the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) and the National Astronomical Research Institute (NARIT) that are aligned in the development of space research. "The Ambassador sincerely hopes that Thailand and France will have concrete economic cooperation and propose to match economic trade between each other, such as GISTDA and CNES, etc. "The Commission of ECSTAR Research Center and the TeroSpace startup TeroSpace caused by ECSTAR's spin-off are planning a trip on the advice of the Ambassador." DR. SETTHAPONG SAID SPONSORED. Mr. Chanwit Munikanon President of The Asian Aviation Institute and President of The Institute of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International Aviation Industry College King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang said: "In this discussion, we want concrete cooperation, such as building a lab, or a project that we can truly see. He didn't want it to be a publicity partnership. The Ambassador strongly agrees that that is his goal. We do not want to cooperate with words, but we want concrete cooperation and tangible results that will greatly benefit Thailand's space business.
Twitter lays off another 200 new employees, including the moderator of the Twitter Blue project.|There's been another change for Twitter. When news broke that Elon Musk had fired more than 200 employees, one of them was the head of the Twitter Blue project, it seemed that layoffs on Twitter had become almost normal. The New York Times reported that Elon Musk had fired as many as 200 employees from the company, one of whom had Ester's name. Crawford, Twitter's director of product management, who also manages members like Twitter Blue, was also affected. She posted a picture of her sleeping in her office on Twitter. It wasn't long before Elon Musk took over ownership of Twitter. The blue-collar social media company once employed 7,500 people, then fired so much that it is believed that Twitter currently has about 2,000 employees left and another 200 layoffs, according to a recent New York Times report. At this time, twitter blue subscribers are not on target because there are only 2.9 lakh subscribers.sponsored Source: NYTimes
Xiaomi unveils prototype AR glasses with gesture control at MWC 2023|Siao Mi Xiaomi Wireless AR Glass Discovery Edition unveiled at MWC 2023, pushing new markets beyond smartphones at Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain. Leading technology company from China The arrival of the Xiaomi Wireless AR Glass Discovery Edition, it must be said that it is not even close to the official release schedule, because this virtual reality glasses itself is still a prototype and is a concept that is only under development. It is a lightweight pair of glasses that can be connected to a smartphone. The glasses use a retina display, so the wearer can see the object virtually as if it were seen with their own eyes. Supports gesture control or gesture control Although the Xiaomi Wireless AR Glass Discovery Edition is still a prototype, Siaomi says that virtual reality glasses can work with the Xiaomi 13 and Xiaomi 13 Pro, the flagship smartphones that were launched on Sunday. Currently, the virtual reality glasses market is still not very large, but it is likely to become a trend in the future. The main players in the AR eyewear market include Microsoft, Meta and Google, and in the future we may see Apple come into play in this market.
Xiaomi 13 and Xiaomi 13 Pro launch elevate photography with Leica technology|Siao Mi Launched flagship smartphones such as the Xiaomi 13 and Xiaomi 13 Pro. Available at 29,990 baht and 39,990 baht respectively, said Kris Rurkkasem, marketing manager of Siao Mi. Thailand It was revealed that the Xiaomi 13 Series is considered a smartphone that has its beginnings in innovation. The Xiaomi 13 Series is based on the concept of Beyond sigh, awaken moments, aiming to push the limits of smartphone photography and turn ordinary photos into images full of beautiful feelings and memories. It consists of 2 models, Xiaomi 13 and Xiaomi 13 Pro. There is a Leica logo stamp on the rear body. On a 6.36-inch AMOLED screen with a maximum brightness of 1,900 nits, it supports waterproof and dustproof technology according to IP68 standards. 10-megapixel tele camera and 12-megapixel ultra-wide camera The rear camera is capable of grading with Leica true color imaging technology, and there is a pet photography mode with Xiaomi ProFocus to keep objects in motion at all times. It has OIS stabilisation and a front camera supplied at 32 megapixels. It uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset with cooling features. The Xiaomi 13 is available in three colors: white, black and green. The camera body has a 1-inch sensor size and is the largest sensor of Xiaomi 13 Pro at this time. It has the ability to capture the full details of the image at any distance, both close and long, or food photography still provides complete details of the subject. The three rear cameras of the Xiaomi 13 Pro are the main ones. Xiaomi 13 Pro features a 6.72-inch LTPO AMOLED display with a maximum brightness of 1,900 nits, a Pro HDR display, and a refresh rate of up to 120HzSPONSORED.
Meta helps flutter ai, announces artificial intelligence for WhatsApp and Messenger|At this time, no company will not participate in the artificial intelligence chatbot trend. The latest is Meta, under the leadership of Mark. Zuckerberg, who is preparing to test artificial intelligence-powered instruments. For WhatsApp platform and messenger from Mark's release. Zuckerberg, CEO and Co-Founder of Meta It said the company is creating a new high-end product. Integrate with MetaZuckerberg's billion-user service. Meta has focused on creating creative tools, but its long-term goal is to create a specific artificial intelligence that can help people in a variety of ways. However, meta has to do a lot of basic work. Before continuing to deliver these experiences to users, the development of meta artificial intelligence tools Since it is a chat app, it would be suitable for chatbots in the style of ChatGPT. That's because the concept of developing a virtual world with the metaverse is far from successful, and meta has to find new tools to generate revenue for the company, and one of them could be creative artificial intelligence like chatbotsSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
OnePlus announces plans to launch foldable smartphones in the second half of 2023|OnePlus, a Chinese smartphone manufacturer Definitely confirm to enter the foldable smartphone market. In the second half of this year, at Mobile World Congress 2023 or MWC 2023, OnePlus officially announced that it will launch a foldable phone in the second half of 2023. OnePlus features and capabilities have not yet been definitively identified. This is especially true when it comes to folding the unit, such as the book style of the Galaxy Z Fold 4 or the folding cover of the Galaxy Z Flip 4Kinder Liu, Chief Operating Officer of OnePlus. It was revealed that the foldable smartphone under the brand of One Plus will be fully unique to the brand. Regardless of the speed of use and fluidity in terms of design, Liu said OnePlus takes industrial design into account. The ultimate aim is to launch the most foldable smartphone in the foldable smartphone market today.
Elon Musk signals ready to develop ChatGPT-style chatbots|Elon Musk is the latest to be interested in chatbots in the same format as ChatGPT, having spoken to an artificial intelligence expert to take over the job after Elon. Musk took over Twitter's empire in October last year. Musk's latest interest at this time coincides with a number of big tech companies: the development of ChatGPT, The Report of The Information Elon Musk wants to develop a lab that researches and develops ChatGPT in his own style, and contacted Igor Babuschkin, a former senior artificial intelligence researcher at Google's subsidiary Deepmind, to take over the job. This story was actually discussed, only Igor Babushkin. The details of the Elon Musk version of ChatGPT are not very clear as to what direction it will take, but interestingly, Musk has criticized OpenAI, the company that developed ChatGPT, on a number of issues. For example, open AI is no longer an open platform, on the contrary, it is a closed platform, and from the former non-profit to full-fledged profit, as well as being a company controlled by MicrosoftSPONSORED, the reason why Elon Musk can say this is because Open AI is one of the companies that Elon Musk co-founded in 2015, but 3 years later Musk has not had any involvement with this company.
TikTok has issued a policy limiting the time of use to no more than 1 hour for users under the age of 18.|Tik-to-A has announced a new policy whereby teens under the age of 18 can only live on the platform for 1 hour per day. When due, a warning message says that the timeout for today's use has expired. However, these settings can be changed manually at the same time. If a teenage user uses tick-to-k for more than 100 minutes a day, the user will be prompted to reset the application restrictions, but in the case of a user under the age of 13, the parent can link the child's tick-to-a account to the parent's account. To be more rigorous. In addition Parents can schedule notifications during the night, which ensures that children in care are not disturbed late at night. TikTok does not think that limiting the time of daily use of the application should depend solely on adolescents. In fact, all tick-tock users can use the same timing feature. To reduce the time spent on smartphone screens Source: TikTok Newsroom
Analysts are confident Apple is preparing to resume development of the iPhone SE 4 next year.|Apple has turned to developing the iPhone SE 4 again after having previously abandoned its plans. Ming-Chi Kuo, a well-known analyst with Apple's supply chain line, is likely to be ready for launch in March 2024. Apple announces resumption of iPhone SE 4 development Despite having previously dropped plans, the iPhone SE 4 Although Ming-Chi Kuo did not detail when the iPhone SE 4 would be released, the usual launch tradition is that the iPhone SE 4 is usually launched in March, so the iPhone SE 4 should be launched during the original timeline, March 2024.
Bluesky, the social platform of the co-founder of Twitter, is now available on the App Store.|Bluesky Social, an alternative application for people who want to quit Twitter, was born from the idea of Jack Dorsey, the former co-founder of Twitter. Now available on the app store as a private After Twitter was under Elon Musk's management, it resulted in a large number of Twitter users. In the past, mastodons have been available, and recently users who want to migrate from Twitter. There is one more option. Blue Sky Social, initiated by Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey, has already delivered the app to the iOS app store. It's just in private form. Private Beta requires an invitation code to be eligible. Blue Sky Social The beta stage has been in beta since late last year, and if you want to use this new platform, you can register for a waitlist on the website https://bsky.app/SPONSORED Blue Sky Social interface. to a spherical profile picture. Blue Sky Social is very similar to Twitter because Blue Sky is a separate platform from Twitter with the goal of developing social media in a decentralized manner. Since then, social media has become more widely known, such as mastodons and pleroma. The interface and usage characteristics are most similar to Twitter. Therefore, Blue Sky could be a social media platform that has the potential to attract Twitter users to the new platform. Dorsey provides support.Source: Mashable
Meta prepares to restructure Facebook, reduce manager position|Facebook, a subsidiary of Meta, plans to lay off more employees and reduce manager positions. Turn it into a flat down business. Insider Facebook, a subsidiary of Meta, revealed that It is undergoing a restructuring similar to Instagram, focusing on flatten the company, reducing its vast number of managerial positions overall. Facebook is an old company that has been around for nearly 20 years, leading Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and co-founder of Meta, to think it's time to revamp facebook's division. It could lead to another staff cut in March, with a 5-10 percent impact on Meta's workforce, although in November last year Meta had just laid off 11,000 employees, according to Business Insider. The report goes on to say that Facebook's restructuring, that is, the removal of mid-level executive positions in order to increase productivity. Zuckerberg, meta's chief executive, commented that the reduction in the hierarchy of managerial staff would make Facebook a more enjoyable company to work with. Because there are too many middle management. As a result, there is a bureaucratic structure that is slow, the goal of Facebook's restructuring, in Mark's view. Zuckerberg is restructuring to resemble Instagram, one of Meta's products, where employees are grouped by expertise and then reported directly to a small number of managers or senior executives. At this point, the decision is made faster. Because you don't have to go through a lot of steps. Facebook's dedicated workforce is as high as 40,000. Instagram is about half as small as Facebook. The customer base on Facebook and Instagram is equally numerous, at 2.9 billion and 1.9 billion per month.
Xiaomi unveils 300W charging technology in 5 minutes|Xiaomi unveiled a new technology at MWC 2023 with the ability to charge from 0 percent to 100 percent in just 5 minutes at Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain. It delivers the latest 300-watt charging technology claiming to be able to charge the battery from 0 percent to 100 percent in 5 minutes in the video that Siaomi showed. They have used their smartphones in the Redmi Note 12 Pro Plus model, which has been specifically modified, such as the reduction of the battery, which originally had a 5,000 mAh battery but was reduced to 4,100 mAh. For example, it increases by 25 percent within 1 minute, then after 2 minutes, the battery rises to 50 percent and reaches 100 percent in 4 minutes and 54 seconds. Consistent power supply, etc., in terms of the practical implementation of this technology. A definitive timeline has not yet been revealed for when it will be availableSPONSORED Source: TechRadar
Google releases Easter Egg Grogu to welcome the arrival of Mandalorian season 3|Google releases a small Easter Egg to welcome the arrival of Mandalorian season 3, when searching for the word Mandalorian will feature a Grogu character using force power. If you visit Google and search for Mandalorian in English or Mandalorian in Thai, you'll find the character Grosgu, one of the main characters of the series when we click on the Grosgu character in the lower right corner. Grogu uses The Force with search terms links. What if we click on Grogu again? The keyword blocks that are in search queries will also fall.SPONSORED The force power of Grogu that emerged on Google Search supports both desktop and smartphone applications for the series The Mandalorian is the original Disney Plus series, which now runs through season 3.
Samsung trademarks Galaxy Glasses and Galaxy Ring|Samsung Expanding the portfolio of high-tech devices, forming VR/AR eyewear brands as Galaxy Glasses and Galaxy Ring, although virtual reality and augmented reality warfare are not so fierce. At this time, the market leader only includes devices from meta's Quest series. While Apple is still unclear on its plans to launch Reality Pro, it seems that the direction of the VR and AR markets is gaining traction from the tech industry. One of them is Samsung, which has been reported to have registered a trademark under the South Korean brand. Galaxy Glasses has already been completed in the United States, the arrival of Galaxy Glasses, it is clear that Samsung wants to expand its portfolio in its technology portfolio beyond smartphones, which is a similar approach to Apple. It is possible that Samsung may develop the Galaxy Ring as a replacement for fitness band devices.
U.S. Senator Call on Meta to stop developing Metaverse for adolescents under the age of 18|A U.S. senator wrote an open letter to the Meta to stop developing the Metaverse that allows teens between the ages of 13 and 17 to access it, pointing out that it is inappropriate to invite adolescents into dangerous digital spaces at a young age. Bloommenthal and Ed Markey, two U.S. senators from the Democratic Party. Submit an open letter directly to Mark. Zuckerberg, CEO of Meta, has called for the abandonment of plans to develop the metaverse for adolescents between the ages of 13 and 17. "No matter what strategy it is, inviting young teens into a digital world full of dangers. To profit is wrong. The proposal of the two senators from the Democratic Party is no less interesting, as meta has recently been made available to the general public for use of Horizon Worlds, but it has faced problems of sexual harassment and sexual harassment on the platform. Last year, Meta lost at least $137 billion for investments in virtual reality businesses, including the creation of virtual worlds like Horizon Worlds, a key component of the metaverse. The plan to bring the number of users on Horizon Worlds to 1.5 lakh this year has led to meta becoming more attracted to teenagers, but has been opposed by senators in the past two years.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration does not approve testing of Neuralink in humans.|Elon Musk's application for human Neuralink testing has been rejected by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) since last year. The wires inside lithium batteries can be damaging to the brain system, as well as the heat of the chipset that is likely to affect the tester. In addition, at the stage of removing the chip, is there an opportunity to damage the tissues of the wearer's brain? At the same time, Neuralink is being investigated for possible violations of animal welfare, with news that as many as 1,500 pigs, rats and monkeys have died during testing. Elon Musk has put a lot of effort into presenting Neuralink while sharing his grand vision of wireless brain chip innovation. Helping paralyzed individuals get back on their feet, as well as helping to record people's memories, reviving some forgotten memories and, most importantly, Musk said he would test the chip himself.sponsored Source: TechCrunch
Microsoft reveals Bing Chatbot can provide users with three different answers.|Bing Chatbot, a product that Microsoft is proud to offer at this time. Bing Chatbot is now a product that Microsoft takes very seriously, with Bing Chatbot's functionality driven by the same technology as Microsoft ChatGPT. Bing Chatbot can answer the questions that users want to answer with 3 different types to be the user's choice. The second type of answer is balance, focusing on the answers that are appropriate and consistent with what has been asked, and the third type of answers is about accuracy. At this time, the new Bing model is not yet widely available, but is still limited to users who have registered their intention to use it last month. Initially, it was believed that the number of people interested in testing Bing should be more than 1 million, but it is still not a lot. Compared to Bing's estimated 1.2 billion active users, Google's chatbot called Bard has not yet been made public, but there have been significant errors due to Bard's inaccurate answers to the issues of the James Space Telescope. WEBBSPONSORED SOURCE: THE GUARDIAN
Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard requires Sony to disclose exclusive game value|Microsoft and Sony launch a battle outside the gaming industry When Microsoft filed a request for Sony to disclose the value figures for exclusive games, the company's decision was made to release the value of the exclusive game. For the closing of Microsoft's acquisition of Activion Blizzard Microsoft's Activism Blizzard could force Sony, a major competitor in the gaming industry, to reveal the special details of PlayStation paying to "block the rights" from leaving Sony services to its competitors, namely Microsoft's Xbox at this time. Microsoft is awaiting approval. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has approved a deal to acquire the acquiring the iconic game developer Activistion. Blizzard However, the Federal Trade Commission viewed the deal as potentially causing unfair competition in the market, prompting Microsoft to apply for legal proceedings to force Sony to disclose some of the game's key documents from PlayStation. Sony has paid game developers to release exclusive games exclusively on PlayStation only, and to stop game studios from developing games on Microsoft's platform, Xbox Game Pass. The FTC's chief judge said Microsoft's petition was heard, with important documents to be disclosed to the court. The disclosure includes a document outlining the figures Sony paid to game studios so that the game would not be published on Microsoft's platform. Microsoft wants the court to compel Sony to publish documents detailing the agreements dating back to 2012. Microsoft's request is too much, but it's only for the 2019 acquisition deal with Microsoft's Action Blizzard acquisition. At this time, it is still inconclusive in the United States and the United Kingdom, but it seems that the European Union has a strong chance of giving the green light to this deal for the next federal trade commission hearing. Microsoft's Action Blizzard deal, with Sony participating, will take place on August 2.
Apple unveils yellow iPhone 14 and yellow iPhone 14 Plus released March 14|Apple announces yellow iPhone 14 and yellow iPhone 14 Plus Pre-orders will open Friday, March 10, and will go on sale on March 14. The company hopes to increase sales of iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus with the release of yellow, the new color of the standard iPhone lineup. After a while, Apple began using yellow in its iPhone lineup during the launch of the iPhone 5C. In 2013, followed by the 2018 iPhone XR and the 2019 iPhone 11, the yellow iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus were released under the idea of boosting sales of the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus. In addition to the new yellow, there is blue, purple, midnight black, starlight cream and red (PRODUCT) RediPhone 14 yellow and iPhone 14 Plus yellow. Pre-orders will open on Friday, March 10 from 8 p.m. and will go on sale on March 14 at a starting price of THB 32,900.
Google Announces Google I/O 2023 In-person Event May 10|Google has announced the schedule of the annual Google I/O 2023 developer seminar, which will be held simultaneously in the form of face-to-face or in-person formats. This year's event will be held at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, California, on May 10. The event will be held in-person, but at the same time it will be livestreamed live on the Google Developers YouTube channel. In addition to being a meeting of developers who work with Google. Google is expected to use the Google I/O 2023 stage to talk about Bard AI, Google's own artificial intelligence chatbot that rivals ChatGPT and Bing AI.
Apple plans to launch yellow iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus in hopes of boosting sales|Apple plans to send iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus the newest color, yellow. This spring, reports of several websites presenting stories related to Apple. Apple is set to add new colors to its iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus lineup, with yellow likely to be an additional color this year dating back to March 2022. It is expected to increase sales for the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus, which are among the relatively inexpensive iPhones. In addition, the release of iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus is already halfway through this product, so it is imperative that Apple increases its interest in the launch of the yellow iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus. The release is expected to be between March and May. Yellow with iPhone products is a common color. From the era when the iPhone 5C was released in 2013, followed by the 2018 iPhone XR and iPhone 11 in 2019, if the news is true, the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus will be available alongside blue. Purple, Black, Midnight, Starlight Cream and Red.Source: Phone ArenaSPONSOREDSPONSORED
Amazon closes Amazon Go storefronts in Seattle, San Francisco and New York|Amazon is set to close its Amazon Go storefront, a high-tech cashier-free retailer in eight U.S. cities. This is expected from the Amazon economic uncertainty. The world's leading retail company Amazon Go, a cashier-free convenience store in eight cities including Seattle, San Francisco and New York, is set to close eight stores until April 1 despite Amazon announcing the closure of convenience stores. Amazon Go, however, has so far left about 20 stores across the U.S. in addition to the closure of Amazon Go stores, amazon has already announced in advance that it will close some of its storefronts, such as the Amazon Books bookstore, the temporary suspension of the Amazon Fresh Grocery storeline, the suspension of construction of another headquarters in Virginia, and the layoff of more than 18,000 employees at the beginning of the year, mainly due to economic uncertainty, leading to cost control.
iPhone SE 4 (2024) Switch to a screen manufacturer from China to reduce production costs.|The rumored iPhone SE 4 will go on sale next year. According to a recent report by Elec website from South Korea, the iPhone SE 4 production that Apple has reportedly returned to production and is set to release in 2024, will switch to the screen supply chain of Beijing Oriental Electronics (BOE) instead of LG or Samsung, which has long been a partner with Apple. The first issue is because Apple wants to reduce the production cost of the iPhone SE 4, because the BOE screen has an affordable cost of production, the second is about Apple's need to reduce its dependence on screen production from Samsung, which is considered a competitor to Apple in the smartphone business. Samsung is one of the few manufacturers that can produce high-end OLED screens, however, the chances of Apple cutting ties with Samsung may arise in the next few years, depending on when Apple can produce microLEDs on its own. Also the following year, BOE changed the screen design of the iPhone 13 without Apple permission.
Apple unveils two new yellow iPhone 14s|Apple has unveiled two new yellow iPhone 14 models, the iPhone 14 with a 6.1-inch display and the iPhone 14 Plus with a large 6.7-inch display, and Thailand is one of the first 60 countries to be able to pre-order the device from 8 p.m. on March 10, 2023, and will be available on March 14, 2023. Beautiful colours and long-lasting durability The rigid Ceramic Shield glass front body has an updated interior design for more sustainable performance, ideal for handling heavy workloads and high-performance gaming and easier to repair. While the iPhone 14 Plus has the longest battery life ever on both iPhones, it also comes with a dual-camera system, a powerful A15 Bionic chip and unparalleled safety capabilities, including satellite emergency SOS features and collision detection.
Epson pushes "New 5" strategy, confident business grows by more than 10 percent|Epson says its 2022 results are bright, growing 10 percent year-on-year In 2023, the new 5th strategy pushed the business to grow by more than 10 percent. The Executive Director of Epson (Thailand) Co., Ltd. revealed that the overall picture of Epson in 2022 showed that the market in Thailand grew by 10 percent compared to the previous year. Industrial Inkjet has grown by as much as 170 percent due to ongoing marketing factors and positive feedback from customers in the business sector. Home Projectors in 2022 performed well, and the first year grew by 64 percent due to market interest factors, as well as consumer behavior that turned to entertainment content such as movies, which responded to both visual and audio needs, as well as the arrival of the 2022 World Cup. With the covid-19 pandemic Start to relax. As a result, the hotel and museum business As a result, products in the high brightness projector segment grew by 43 percent, as well as clothing manufacturers that needed textile printers for fabric printing, and the growth of Textile printers by 52 percent, minilabs used in photography stores, and inkjet copers for office use grew by 29 percent and 23 percent, respectively. After work began to return to the form of office work and co-working space. In terms of Epson's direction and strategy for 2023, Mr. Yanyong revealed that Epson wants to grow by more than 10 percent, believing that the new strategy called New 5 can make this dream a reality. Epson's new 5 strategy is the New Business Model, which is called iPrint Anywhere, allowing users to print from anywhere. With the iPrint Anywhere cloud model, there is also a subscription system for providing this model, which will begin in the second half of 2023. In 2023, Epson plans to expand its service centers to 130 branches, focusing more on expanding service centers into secondary cities.
Apple CEO Tim Cook ordered the development of mixed-reality glasses this year, although the design team is not ready.|Tim Cook urged the design team to accelerate the development of full-fledged mixed-reality glasses later this year, but in the design team's opinion, it was controversial because it was not ready and too early, the Financial Times reported. When the design team responsible for developing Mixed-Reality confirmed that the product wasn't ready for release until the design team made the AR glasses lighter than the original model, on the contrary, Apple CEO Tim Cook and Jeff Williams were surprised. Chief Operating Officer There is a demand for AR glasses to catch up with the release in 2023. Joni Ive, who served as Apple's head of design in 2019, means the entire design team's work must be reported directly to Jeff. Unlike the Steve Jobs era, the design department reports directly to Jobs at the same time. It has been noted by employees that at this time, the operations department has taken over the development approach of the design department more and more. In Tim Cook's era, that's all because before Tim Cook became Apple's chief executive, he was a key figure in Apple's leadership. It is said that Apple's mixed-reality glasses have been in the development phase for more than 7 years, which even took twice as long as the development of the first iPhone. In Tim Cook's view, AR glasses have been an important product since the release of the Apple Watch, which was based on Steve Jobs' idea when they were alive and released in 2015. If AR glasses are successful, Tim Cook has left a significant legacy for Apple, just as Steve Jobs once achieved when launching products like the iPod, iPhone and iPad. Priced at US$3,000 (about 100,000 baht), although the figure of 1 million units seems a huge number, it is small compared to the release of iPhones and iPads in the first year of coming: FT.
Reddit boiling thread There has been controversy over the image of the galaxy S23 Ultra moon using AI, it is considered a real or fake image.|On Reddit, the world's most famous forum. There has been controversy over the topic of moon photography on the Galaxy S23 Ultra, as the image is decorated with artificial intelligence. The question arises as to whether this is a real image or a fake image on a reddit forum that is on fire. According to a user's thread titled ibreakphotos, the Space zoom feature of Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra for moon photography is considered fake because it uses artificial intelligence to process ibreakphotos. The owner of the thread titled Samsung "space zoom" moon shots are fake, and here is the proof explained the working principle of the Space zoom feature, stating that in practice, Samsung has added details of moon photos through the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning to make the photos of the moon of the Galaxy S23 Ultra look beautiful and exaggerated. Samsung's lunar photo development model trains the moon's photographs in a variety of ways, including crescent and full moons. BASED ON THE MOON THAT HUMANS HAVE SEEN BEFORE, HOWEVER. In the thread, there is also a difference of opinion. To see a picture of the moon as real or fake. This depends on the interpretation of each user, since today's smartphone images are no longer solely from the sensors of the camera lens, but are decorated with software or artificial intelligence, such as portraits, food photos, blurred backgrounds, to images of the sky and landscapes. It's not just about zooming in on the moon. It also raises the issue in terms of street zoom, to regular users who use it to zoom when watching concerts and watching sports on the pitch.Source: RedditSPONSORED
Samsung unveils new Galaxy A34 and Galaxy A54 5G for 11,999 baht and 13,999 baht|Samsung unveiled two new smartphones in the A Series, Galaxy A34 and Galaxy A54, with prices in Thailand at 11,999 baht and 13,999 baht. With a direct selling point that is similar to the high-end model but with a price range of less than 15,000 baht, the launch of the A Series smartphone in early 2023, Samsung has released two models at the same time, the Galaxy A34 and Galaxy A54, targeting Gen Z and Gen Millennials customers. From the use of metallic materials. The body is thin. Galaxy A54 focuses on photography, videography, supports 4K shooting on both the front and rear cameras, and microphone duo to capture all the audio details. It has a Super AMOLED screen, supports a refresh rate of up to 120Hz, a brightness of up to 1,000 nits, a screen size of 6.4 inches, a resolution of 1080 x 2340 pixels, and is waterproof and dustproof according to IP67SPONSORED. 12MP Ultra Wide Camera and 5MP Macro Camera Galaxy A54 Available in 3 colors: Graphite black, Lime green and purple, later Galaxy A34. The frame of the housing and back is plastic. The Galaxy A34 is mainly focused on entertainment. Whether it's watching a series. Watch videos on YouTube and play games, the Galaxy A34's screen is 6.6 inches with a resolution of 1080 x 2340 pixels. The screen is Super AMOLED and supports a 120Hz refresh rate, up from the previous year's refresh rate of 90Hz. It also supports waterproof and dustproof according to IP67 standard, the chipset is Mediatek MT6877V Dimensity 1080, the operating system is Android 13, covered by the One UI 5.1 interface. 8MP Ultra Wide Camera and 5MP Macro Camera SPONSOREDGalaxy A34 Available for 11,999 THB, it is available in 3 colors: silver, purple and graphite black.
Google brings Generative AI models to Gmail and Google Docs|Google launches Generative AI to give wider users access to artificial intelligence capabilities Google plans to expand its artificial intelligence features to more services. Thomas Kurian, Chief Executive Officer of Google Cloud, revealed that the advancement of generative AI is changing the fundamentals of how people interact with technology, and Google has developed creative language models so that we can safely implement those models in our products. Cloud went on to say that Google's goal is to act boldly and responsibly in Google's approach, as well as partner with others to improve its artificial intelligence model to be safe and useful for everyone. Excited about the potential of Generative AI, and the opportunity for artificial intelligence to unlock developers to create new applications, help people express themselves creatively, to change the way businesses and governments engage their customers and other elements. Google plans to bring Generative AI to other Google Workspace services such as Google Sheets, Google Slides, Google Meet to Google Chat, etc.
U.S. threatens to ban TikTok if Chinese owners don't sell their shares|U.S. Government Call on TikTok owners, who are Chinese. Withdraw your stake in a popular video app or may have to be taken by U.S. authorities. The ban is the latest move by U.S. officials and legislators, raising fears that TikTok's U.S. user data could be passed on to the Chinese government. This is also the first time under President Joe Biden that a serious ban on TikTok has been threatened. After former President Donald Trump tried to ban TikTok in 2020 but was ordered by a U.S. court, TikTok spokesman Brooke Obervetter said the company had just learned from the U.S. Treasury Committee on Foreign Investment (CFIUS), which urged Chinese app owners to sell their holdings and said otherwise they would face the possibility of the U.S. banning TikTok. Bytedance was unsuccessful in its attempt to reach a deal with Walmart and Oracle Corp to convert TikTok's U.S. assets into new ventures.SPONSORED, a TikTok spokesperson said in a statement, "If protecting national security is the goal, selling the business doesn't solve the problem. Changing owners will not impose any new restrictions. While the White House declined to comment, TikTok chief executive Zo Zhi Zhou is scheduled to appear before the U.S. Congress next week, and it's unclear whether Beijing will approve any of the sales. The Chinese Embassy in Washington, D.C., remained silent last month. The White House gave federal agencies 30 days to ensure there is no TikTok app on federal devices and systems. In addition, more than 30 U.S. states have banned employees from using TikTok on government devices, the U.S. ban could face significant legal hurdles and potential political issues As TikTok became popular among millions of young Americans last week, Democratic Senator Mark Warner said it was important for the U.S. government to take more action than it already is. "The best way to address national security concerns is to protect data and systems of users in the U.S. that are transparent, with verification of truth and effective third-party verification," it said Wednesday. The White House supports legislation proposed by dozens of senators. To give the administration new powers to ban TikTok and foreign technology if they pose a threat to national security, which could give the Biden administration a new tool for court proceedings. If they want to ban TikTok, White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan. Applauded the bipartisan bill, saying it "will increase our ability to deal with non-ongoing risks and systemic risks arising from certain types of actions involving countries involved in sensitive technology sectors."
It's late, but let's make sure OPPO sends Find N2 Flip with Galaxy Z Flip4 challenge.|OPPO Find N2 Flip launches foldable mobile phone aiming to capture Gen Z teens at a price of 29,900 bahtOPPO Find N2 Flip The first folding phone from OPPO that was imported to the market in Thailand to be ready to collide with the famous folding screen mobile phone Samsung, emphasizing on its elegant design, covering all functionalities of every lifestyle. Oppo Find N2 FlipSPONSOREDOPPO Find N2 Flip is available in Thailand from March 16, 2023 onwards, with 2 colors to choose from: Moonlit Purple and Astral Black, starting at 29,900 baht. With the presence of new players, especially those of Oppo, who have submitted Find N2 Flip. Take a share of this cake from Samsung.
Meta has released the Verification mark on Instagram and Facebook in the US.|Mark Zuckerberg has announced the release of Meta Verified on Instagram and Facebook in the U.S., with a monthly rate of $11.99 per month for the website and $14.99 on mobile after the Meta Verified service first launched in Australia and New Zealand. last month This time, it's the U.S. side that will be launching the Mark Verification Badge. Zuckerberg, CEO and Co-Founder of Meta In case of impersonation, there are two rates of direct user support: in case of applying on the website, there is a monthly fee of 11.99 USD (about 407 THB) and 14.99 USD per month for smartphones (about 509 THB). Members who purchase Meta Verified will receive exclusive stickers on Facebook Reels, Instagram Reels, and Instagram Stories, and 100 stars per month on Facebook for supporting creators.
Apple quietly plans artificial intelligence testing and large-scale language modeling|The issue of artificial intelligence and chatbots remains the main topic of the technology industry. If you don't count the events that Silicon Valley Bank or SVB, the 16th largest bank in the U.S., fell, the issues that people in the tech industry are still talking about as the main topics will be chatbots and artificial intelligence. Especially in the last 3-4 days. Microsoft has spoken about a new language model called GPT-4, and Google announced the integration of artificial intelligence with Google Docs and Gmail tools. But at the same time, there were reports from the New York Times that Apple was quietly developing artificial intelligence, and a large language model, the New York Times report claimed. As well as understanding the accents and pronunciations of English-speaking people from all over the world, the arrival of ChatGPT under the development of OpenAI has created a new dimension within Apple, accelerating the development of Siri to be more comparable to its competitors. Siri's problem comes from coding, which is not very good. As a result, Siri hasn't developed the features it deserves. Even if it's a basic feature, it can't be pushed out. The New York Times reports. It is unclear whether the language and artificial intelligence models that Apple is testing will be created or used in the same way as Google and Microsoft. It doesn't put pressure on the team to develop chatbots under Siri, as Apple already has a strong network of artists and creators in the use of artificial intelligence within Apple. It has been revealed that the Cupertino giant has been using artificial intelligence to feature its products for some time, but initially it hasn't been as prominent, such as developing keyboard word suggestions, processing images for better images, unlocking Face ID, and detecting falls with Apple Watch. Progress on Apple's artificial intelligence development It is expected to take shape most clearly. We'll have to wait for Apple to talk about it on the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in the coming months.
The Co-Founder of OpenAI admits artificial intelligence is scary, but it could be the biggest technology.|Sam Altman of OpenAI admits there are concerns about artificial intelligence and need to find ways to prevent it. Following the launch of GPT-4SamSam Altman, one of the co-founders of the most popular company at this time in the tech world, Open AI, the developer of ChatGPT, acknowledged that artificial intelligence technology is dangerous. Even on the one hand, it can change society, according to Altman. The 37-year-old told ABC News that regulators need to get involved in the negative impact of artificial intelligence on humanity. That's because artificial intelligence models can be used to distort large amounts of information. Especially now that AI is already coding, it could be used by hackers to launch cyber open AI. It recently released its latest version of its language model, GPT-4, a new version that came out just four months after the success of ChatGPT. Before ChatGPT became the fastest growing application in the world, co-founder of Open AI. It goes on to say that while the versatility of artificial intelligence is no less dangerous, on the one hand, it could also be mankind's greatest technology. He added that ai currently operates only under commands or commands by humans. Therefore, it is considered a tool that is under human control. THEREFORE, ALL THE CONCERNS LIE IN THE INPUT OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, SPONSORED BY ELON MUSK, THE OWNER OF TWITTER, ONE OF THE EARLY INVESTORS IN OPEN AI. Musk is also concerned about the changing approach of Open AI, which is managed by Microsoft, and a few days earlier news broke that Microsoft had removed the team responsible for the ethics of artificial intelligence.
Prepare to brew a small satellite launch state. Hoping for public health and environmental use|ECSTAR prepares to push for small satellite launch project proposed by government Hoping to utilize public health benefits and manage environmental issues, PM 2.5 and climate change in the long term, "Economist" revealed that France is ready to help support technical consultations. To upgrade Thai space technology on March 20, 2023, Mr. Chanwit Munikanon President, Institute of Space Technology and Research (ECSTAR), International College of Aviation Industry King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang Ecstar is currently working on a small satellite constellations project, which we are proposing to the government to consider budgetary support, which has public health benefits, natural resource management and environmental benefits such as climate change, forest fire management, PM 2.5 dust, and digital advances related to the use of spectrum and satellite network telecommunications services, and linking with terrestrial 5G telecommunications networks to provide new services related to terrestrial space. In line with the National Strategy 2018-2037, Mr. Chanwit said that ECSTAR is currently preparing project proposals and finding project partners for technical assistance. ECSTAR has supported the establishment of a space startup called TeroSpace to streamline its operations in parallel. Dr. Sethapong Malisuwan Deputy Communications Commissioner In the past, DES has welcomed diplomatic missions from France and discussed the French-Thai Innovation Year 2023 project. It focuses on the business of using and analyzing data on earth. To benefit all industries as soon as possible.
Amazon lays off 9,000 more workers, impacts AWS and Twitch teams|Amazon announced layoffs of an additional 9,000 employees, most of whom will be in charge of cloud and twitter. The game's live streaming service struck lightning again. For Amazon, the tech giant. When they announced 9,000 layoffs, it was the second largest layoff this year for Amazon. The affected employees are the teams that administer Amazon Web Services or AWS, followed by the Ad and Twitter business units. Andy Jassy's game streaming and live streaming service Amazon's top leader said in a letter to employees that in recent years, the company has been working on a number of initiatives. The company has added a large number of employees, but due to economic uncertainty, it is necessary to reduce expenditure. Amazon currently employs more than 1.5 million people worldwide. Construction of a new office in Virginia was halted, followed by Amazon's plans to expand distribution centers, warehouses and facilities. The parent company of social media companies Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp plans to reduce tens of thousands of employees and cancel new employment plans. According to Layoffs.fyi, technology companies laid off more than 150,000 last year, and nearly 139,000 tech company employees have lost their jobs this year, mainly due to the uncertain U.S. economy and cost correction after excessive expansion during the COVID-19 pandemic.Source: The Guardian
Apple patented iPhone auto screen folding When the machine falls|Apple has patented the ability of an iPhone that can be folded by itself in the event of a drop, but there is no clear plan for what year this iPhone will be available. Insider A new patent that Apple recently wrote down has revealed. It shows that Apple is looking for ways to prevent serious damage to the iPhone screen. In the event of a drop, the details in the patent state that the display screen will automatically pull back by itself, along with an embedded sensor that detects a fall when it encounters a shock, or if the machine is found to be falling from a height. The unit may not be fully automatic folding and closing. If the case falls too close to the surface. Still, the patent also writes about how to prevent it. If it occurs as a result of the machine falling too close to the ground. The issue of the foldable iPhone was first discussed in 2016, but there has been no confirmation from Apple as to whether this type of iPhone will be officially launched. However, it should be said that the patent does not mean that Apple plans to produce the Foldable iPhone, but it also makes it believable that Apple is introspective and has the idea to actually develop it. Ben Wood, head of research at CSC Insight, told CNBC that the price of the device could jump to $2,500 or 86,000 baht, which is more expensive than the iPhone 14 Pro Max, which only costs $1,599 for a foldable smartphone at this time. The market is owned by Samsung, led by Galaxy Z Fold4 and Galaxy Z Flip4, which have combined global sales of approximately 12 million units. With 14 million foldable smartphones sold worldwide, Samsung will start to face some competitors in the global market. From the launch of OPPO Find N2 Flip Source: Business Insider
Netflix is more in the gaming market. Aiming to release more than 40 games to the platform this year.|Netflix Announced plans to move more into the gaming business. In the near future, we are preparing to release games from studio partners, as well as games from Netflix own studios last year. Netflix has announced one interesting plan: to break into the gaming market, starting with releasing games on the Netflix app, followed by hiring people involved in the gaming business to the company. In addition to the streaming business, to expand on Netflix's plans to enter the gaming market. Therefore, the company has announced the release of the famous Monument Valley games in both Part 1 and Part 2 of ustwo games on the Netflix app. Netflix plans to launch at least 40 games in 2023, and they are expected to deliver at least 40 games to the platform at the same time. (Ubisoft), a French game developer studio To bring Mighty Quest: Rogue Palace to the app Also streaming on April 18, it was the third exclusive game with Lian Lumbe, Netflix's vice president of external gaming. Netflix believes that developing its own cloud will allow players to easily access games on the Netflix app, and netflix's vision is to make it possible for subscribers to play games on any device they have. And terra nil games from studios from South Africa. The game is a city-building style. Starting as a desolate city, players must turn this lifeless city into a vibrant city, said Leann Lumb, adding that Netflix's goal is to deliver a positive experience and select quality games for each member. Whether or not they are gaming enthusiasts. However, so far, Netflix has not revealed the number of Netflix subscribers of more than 230 million, how many games they play. However, developing AAA games is not easy because there are so many conditions, such as the huge budget and the scripting team for the story game, which is more than enough to see AAA games under the Netflix brand, it may take at least 2-3 years.
Google red-flagged Chinese e-commerce giant Pinduoduo application as malware|Google has turned its application giant Pinduoduo, an e-commerce service provider in China, into malware. Despite the fact that this application has a large number of users, Ed Fernandez Google spokesperson Google has flagged its Chinese e-commerce Pinduoduo application as malware due to security issues, the main problem of the Pinduoduo application is that the version outside the Google Play Store behaves similarly to malware, which is why Google uses Google Play Protect, a security mechanism for Android operating systems, to block users from installing applications that pose a risk and danger to users' smartphones. There are Chinese developers. Pinduoduo noted that a version of the Pinduoduo application that is not in the Google Play Store behaves similarly to malware, monitoring and spying on anonymous security researchers. Confirm that it will continue to conduct an in-depth review of the Pinduoduo application. This case includes the Pinduoduo application located in the Google Play Store.
Bard AI Google's chatbots are tested in the US and UK.|Google has launched a test of ChatGPT's rival chatbot service, Bard AI, but it is limited to the UK and US. Google AI Services It has been launched in the U.S. and the U.K. with the main aim of rivaling Microsoft's ChatGPT and Bing Chat at this time. Google is under intense threat, especially the search engine business after the arrival of ChatGPT, which is seen as better, smarter, which has prompted Google to rush to develop its own chatbots. Google's dedicated chatbot development also contains errors. Head of Google's Product Department Admittedly, this is an experiment that people on Google are very excited about. We look forward to seeing how this product will help promote creativity for users after Google will gradually expand its Bard AI testing. It is also an important point that has shifted from experimentation and research to the stage of real-world use. After all, it's a long way to go and has been heavily enacted. Google's Bard Chatbot Therefore, google search is still the best option, and Bard AI is an add-on search, competition in the chatbot market is intensifying considerably. Microsoft went a step further with the launch of Bing Chat, powered by OpenAI's GPT-4 technology.
Ubisoft launches "Ghostwriter", a dialogue generator for in-game NPC characters|Ubisoft Studios, a French game developer Launched a new tool called Ghostwriter, a tool that creates automated dialogue for NPC characters in Ubisoft games. The game developer behind the world's leading game franchises Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, and The Division have announced a tool called Ghostwriter to automate in-game dialogue for NPC or non-playing characters (props that can't be played but are meant to make the game more perfect). Explain that the arrival of Ghostwriter does not mean the use of artificial intelligence to replace human work, but rather as a tool to reduce the monotony of the work of game scriptwriters, to alleviate the less necessary work, and then allow the screenwriter to focus on the main narrative. Dialogue of characters and opponents, gossip, etc. in the working process of Ghostwriter Ubisoft. It states that the screenwriter must first create the character, followed by determining the type of interaction or speech that he wants to create, and then ghostwriter's job to create a conversational format. The Ghostwriter tool remembers the game scriptwriter's desire for how he likes the text so that later he can present the message as relevant to the screenwriter as possible. Ubisoft Confirm that ghostwriter's operation will be only the first draft (Draft). Finally, the game screenwriter will make the final decision whether to use it or not. Source: TechCrunch
Apple aims to buy Premier League broadcast rights|Apple hopes to move more into the sports broadcasting industry. It aims to buy the rights to broadcast English Premier League football. Increase competition in this business with Prime Bloomberg News Amazon's video reported that Apple is considering participating in a bid for premier league rights, as well as other competitions, as apple hopes to increase competition in the field of live football streaming. It also raises the bar for sports ambitions, as well as increasing competition between Apple's rivals, Amazon's Prime Video. Amazon has quickly become a growing streaming service provider, especially in the field of live broadcasting. In addition to broadcasting previous Premier League football in the UK, it has also acquired the rights to broadcast the US Open in the UK and Ireland, as well as the UEFA Champions League matches in the UK, Italy and Germany. Apple's live broadcast of English football is an extension of the 10-year agreement worth at least $2.5 billion, broadcast on Apple TV++, as well as Major League Baseball. An Apple spokesman declined to comment on the news. However, Apple has also moved to show that they are interested in building a sports streaming platform. As can be seen from the hiring of Jim DeLorenzo and Frank Addo, who have long been veterans of the sport, the next Premier League licensing auction will take place after the end of the season. 2024-25 Source: Bloomberg
Launched realme C55 and realme 10T 5G at a price of 5,999 baht and 6,999 baht.|Realme launches two new smartphones in Thailand Led by the realme C55 and the realme 10T 5G, priced at 5,999 baht and 6,999 baht, the realme C55 is a smartphone focused on photography, charging and body design. The sensor uses the same model as the GT Master Edition flagship model and a 2-megapixel depth camera. The realme C55 has 256GB of memory, increases the memory card up to 1TB, supports DRE Technology that can increase RAM to 8+8GB for a total of 16GBSPONSORED, a battery to 5,000 mAh, a charging system that supports 33W SUPERVOOC technology, charges the battery from 0 percent to 100 percent in 63 minutes. 0 For the realme C55, there are 2 models to choose from: the 6+128GB model at 5,999 baht and the 8+256GB model at 7,299 baht, the next generation is the realme 10T 5G with Dimensity 810 5G chipset supporting refresh rate, the screen at 90Hz, the body has a 6.6-inch screen with 1080x2408 FHD+ resolution, supports 16.7 million colors at the same time. Available in 2 colors, Dash Blue and Electric Black, the 4+128GB model is available for 6,999 THB and the 8+256GB model is priced at 8,999 THB.
OpenAI launches ChatGPT plug-in, opening the door to the internet|ChatGPT, artificial intelligence-powered chatbots, produce the fruits of open AI. The developer of ChatGPT has launched a plug-in for ChatGPT that expands chatbox's functionality by gaining access to third-party sources and databases. OpenAI partners include Expedia, FiscalNote, Instacart, Kayak, Klarna, Milo, OpenTable, Shopify, Slack, Speak, Wolfram and Zapier, among others. OpenAI also revealed that the development team is now working hard to create a plug-in that will take ChatGPT's capabilities to a wider range. It just needs to be learned from the user. Requires the help of all users. The appeal of Plugins for ChatGPT lies in the fact that it allows ChatGPT to extract data from across the web to answer questions, which at this point helps to fill the gaps in ChatGPT functionality, which were limited before September 2021. Because it is a hedge, especially content that is inappropriate or related to conspiracy theories, etc., SPONSORED, of course, ChatGPT's connection to the outside world also carries harmful risks. Open AI knows this very well and tries to frame a defense, with a team that takes care of this both internally and externally, while managing search engines like Bing and Google. Less reliable information is not at the top of search terms on websites, including the use of modern technologies such as website encryption, mobile support or not, and website quality.
Smartphone AI app raked in more than $14 million in revenue this year alone.|In February 2023, applications with artificial intelligence-related capabilities raked in revenues of at least US$14 million, consumer demand from chatbots and artificial intelligence generated millions of US dollars for applications that declared themselves to have technologies similar to OpenAI's ChatGPT, resulting in similarly sourced applications in the top 10 data.ai with consumer usage revenue of approximately US$5.9 million, followed by March, according to  data released data.ai in the first 20 days of March. According to data.ai, the number one belongs to Genie, followed by AI Chat, Pixelcut AI Photo Editior, AI Chatbot, to applications called Apo, etc. As an app store and play store hub, Apple and Google have repeatedly had to deal with fake ChatGPT applications that are heavily charged by users. Before these apps are removed from the platform, go to Source: TechCrunch
Chinese Government Notice of opposition to TikTok's plan to force the sale of its business|China has confirmed that it will oppose the U.S. government's proposal. In the event of a forced sale of TikTok's business, that would have a serious impact on investor confidence around the world. Sow TikTok's Singaporean CEO Zhi, who recently appeared before Congress on Thursday morning, U.S. local time, specifically addressed concerns that Beijing might be leveraging TikTok to spy on American citizens before CEO's appearance before CEO TikTok's Congress began. A spokesman for China's Ministry of Commerce added that the issue would be devastating. And if this news is true, China will categorically oppose the idea of forcing the sale of Tik-to-A. The Oracle and TikTok's proposals were scrapped by President Biden's coming to power. Under a partnership called Project Texas, TikTok's user data in the U.S. will be moved to all Oracle cloud servicesSPONSORED Source: TechCrunch
OpenAI accepts ChatGPT bugs have the opportunity to reveal users' email and payment history.|OpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT, revealed that the bugs that occurred on popular chatbots earlier in the week may have leaked sensitive information, both credit cards and emails. ChatGPT users encountered a bug during their use, listing other users' chats, which prompted Open AI to temporarily shut down ChatGPT for more than 10 hours until Friday morning local time in the United States. Open AI has clarified the problems arising from the investigation. Open AI found a bug that lists chats of other users. Approximately 1.2 percent of users who are ChatGPT Plus subscribers are likely to disclose sensitive information, including their first name, last name, email address, and payment information. Open AI confirms that it only sees the last 4 digits. Not all credit card numbers are visible at the same time. OpenAI said all problems had been resolved by an open source library called redis-py, while pledging to prevent it from happening again in the future.
Twitter announces the availability of Twitter Blue for users around the world.|Twitter Blue has been available for a while in some parts of the world. Twitter is ready to announce that Twitter Blue will be available nationwide on March 23, 2023, after Twitter announced that a new feature called "Twitter Blue" has been developed to make twitter users more comfortable. In November 2022, twitter officially announced that Twitter Blue is ready to provide a global service with a rough range of features to be available after signing up for the Twitter Blue service, as follows: SPONSORED Twitter aims to try to include more features in the future in order to make it worth the monthly user price of users, with rates of 275 baht per month and 2,900 per year (when signing up on the website) or 380 baht per month and 4,000 baht per year (signing up on iOS or Android). Some countries have tried it for some time and have talked about some problems, such as a blue tick mark, or some accounts that have already paid for the service and cannot use the newly added features, or fake accounts that are verified on Twitter Blue instead of the real account owner. Check more thoroughly, with accounts moving in 30 days or more. The address has been verified. The approval depends on the registration that you want to verify your identity in the form. However, Twitter Blue has a number of useful benefits that are suitable for people who are famous online. Businesspeople, celebrities, and organizations to make online business more convenient.
Elon Musk had an attempt to take over OpenAI in 2018, but was unsuccessful.|Elon Musk, one of the former co-founders of OpenAI, reportedly attempted to take over but was unsuccessful, and then Open AI changed its approach to business, the Semafor news agency reported. Elon Musk, the current owner of Twitter, made an effort but ultimately failed in his plan to try to take over Open AI in 2018. In 2018, Elon Musk was concerned that OpenAI was likely to lag behind Google in artificial intelligence, so he offered to take over Open AI and run the organization on his own, but it was rejected by other co-founders, including Sam Altman, the current CEO of OpenAI. He had promised to raise $1 billion for Open OI, but in reality, the fundraising amounted to only $100 million. As a result, Open AI faces financial difficulties because artificial intelligence research costs a lot of moneySPONSORED, so in 2019, Open AI began to have the opportunity to get closer to Microsoft. It is unclear whether the missing funds promised by Elon Musk will affect the partnership between Microsoft and Open AI, but what has happened reflects that the collaboration between Open AI and Microsoft has resulted in products such as ChatGPT to the newly launched GPT-4. From being a non-profit organization, it became a profit-oriented organization in the above areas. Elon Musk has also expressed his displeasure at Open AI. Transforming its own approach from an early era into an organization controlled by Microsoft.
Twitter uses legal process Order the removal of source code posts that have been leaked online.|Twitter, a platform owned by Elon Musk, hopes to use legal process to identify the person who released the source code online. Elon Musk, as the owner of Twitter, will use legal process to identify the person who disclosed the source code. Twitter filed a lawsuit in court on Friday, local time in the United States, calling on Github, an online code-sharing service. Identify the person who released Twitter's source code into Kithub even later. Github has removed posts containing the code, but the court has ordered Kithub to identify the person who released the source code. Make cybersecurity experts There are concerns that leaked source code could potentially compromise Twitter's security vulnerabilities, including sensitive commercial disclosures.
International media reports OPPO plans to withdraw its smartphone business in Europe and the UK.|Oppo and OnePlus reportedly planned to end the sale of smartphones and other devices in the UK and Europe, but OnePlus later denied the news. There is an opportunity to end plans to sell some smartphones and devices in the markets of European countries, including Germany and the United Kingdom. European smartphone shipments fell by 17 percent in 2022, while OPPO's smartphone shipments fell 39 percent in the fourth quarter of 2022. That's because of patent issues, with both Oppo and OnePlus banned in Germany and similar bans in Finland. Sweden and later the Netherlands. OnePlus, a manufacturer of Oppo's subsidiary smartphone brands, denied the report. However, no statement has been released as of 9to5Google.
Microsoft launches Security Copilot using artificial intelligence to help analyze cyberattacks|Microsoft continues to use artificial intelligence technology Launches new security copilot tool to help analyze cyberattacks Microsoft Unveiled on the official weblog titled Introducing Microsoft Security Copilot: Empowering defenders at the speed of AI, Microsoft's explanation of the implementation of artificial intelligence technology in terms of data analysis in the event of a cyberattack. Microsoft has confirmed that the development of Security Copilot is not trained or learned from the use of customer data, said Charlie Bell, Microsoft's executive vice president of security. He said that the development of cybersecurity is progressive. We need both people and technology. Matching human ingenuity with advanced tools and Security Copilot will be the future technology that allows everyone to live in a safer world at the same time. Microsoft said the Security Copilot model may not be working properly because of the fact that artificial intelligence works. Microsoft will continue to learn about it.SPONSORED Source: Microsoft
Apple is preparing to launch mixed-reality headsets, but the development team thinks it's not ready yet.|Apple is reportedly close to launching mixed-reality headsets. The team that developed the innovation, however, thought it wasn't ready to release the New York Times report. Apple employees in charge of the mixed-reality project have left overseeing the project, particularly in regards to the success of the device. The mixed-reality device is expected to make its official debut at the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in June. According to Bloomberg, Apple recently demonstrated mixed-reality capabilities in front of more than 100 apple executives, hinting that it is close to full release. Compared to the iPod that revolutionized music listening, the iPhone has an application and is also a built-in music player. But mixed-reality headsets are also a question of how technology can be driven. It has been noted that the resignation of Sir Joni Ive, who was Apple's head of design in 2019, meant that the entire design team's work would have to be reported directly to Jeff Williams. It took up to 7 years, twice as long as developing the first iPhone.
