title|content
Thammasat warned ministers to be wary of falling out of the chair of the House of Commons.|captain Thammasat Brahmaputra, Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Phayao District 1, the Thai Economic Party, said on Thursday (May 26) that it warned "Pak Keng" ministers to be wary of resigning. "This MP, who used to be deputy minister of agriculture and cooperatives, revealed that the Thai Economic Party now has 16 votes in the House of Representatives, but believes that there will be more coalition votes for the party. "In the morning, if you listen to Mr. Pichet give an interview, it's clear that I have a lot of voices elsewhere."
Governor Chatchachart attended the ceremony to receive Thao Wessuwan. Wat Koh Suwannaram|Chatchat-Pavena-Seetha attended the ceremony of raising the net Thao Vessuwan. Wat Koh Suwannaram receives yant cloth Thao Vesuvarnone, the first version of the temple(26 May 2022) Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok, accompanied by Mrs. Pavena Hongsakul, Pavena Hongsakul Foundation for Children and Women, together with Ms. Sita Tiwari Chairman of the Board of Directors The Director and Development Director of the Thai Build Thai Party traveled to Wat Koh Suwannaram, Sai Mai District, Bangkok, to participate in the exuanderation ceremony. Thao Wessuwan, which King Maha Ratchamongkol Muni (Thongchai Thomthacho) Wat Traimit Wittayaram Worawihan Central primate Member of the Board of Trustees Ecclesiastical President for the Ceremony Thao Vessuwan 4 large statues with white pang, red pang, green pang, golden pang, enshrined in front of the temple. Wat Koh Suwannaram to be a place of restraint for the general public to pay homage to auspiciousness.
Demonstration Minister Reiterate that there are no infected monkeys in the country.|Mr. Sathit Patutecha Deputy Minister of Health He said that one of the measures of the Department of Communicable Disease Control is screening at the disease control checkpoint for people arriving from high-risk countries, the surveillance focuses on the initial observation of symptoms, handing out beware cards with instructions to travelers entering the country from high-risk countries, and advising them to observe their symptoms if they have symptoms, report back to Thai authorities through the hotline 1422, Department of Communicable Disease Control. This Deputy Minister of Health It is believed that there are currently no cases in the country.
The former MP is worried if Prayuth is out of his chair, believing there are many more people who are better as prime ministers.|Mr. Somchai Srisuttayakorn, Former Election Commissioner A Facebook post on Thursday (May 26) stated that if these things happen, including the Budget Expenditure Act of 2023, the law against elections and political parties failed, or the government lost the vote of distrust until Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha left office, there is no need to worry because there are many more people who are better at becoming prime minister.
"Doctor Ravi" warns the government! The far-right opposition-thamnus moves fast, hoping to overturn it faster.|Today (May 27), Dr. Ravi Maschamadol, a list MP for the New Power Party, said the current political situation is the reason why the opposition is playing the game of overturning the government faster. This could come at the start of the debate on the FY 2023 budget bill, which is currently being followed by Thaksin Shinawatra's one-word strategy that will pave the way for future elections. The landslides phenomenon in the Bangkok governorship election suggests that the government is in full swing due to COVID, the economic downturn, and the Russo-Ukrainian war, which has caused energy price problems. Another thing is to travel abroad of Thammasat Phrompao, Secretary General of the Thai Economic Party I don't know if I've spoken to anyone or not. Gen. Vij Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya was dropped out of the Thai Economic Party, and Thammasat moved quickly by immediately contacting the smaller parties. By signing their names together, they questioned whether they would overturn the government during the distrust debate. Why play fast games now? Overturning the government in debate on the budget bill It's easier than overturning a distrust debate because the government isn't being vigilant. The vote to overturn the budget bill took only half of the MPs present at the meeting, but the debate was distrustful, no matter how many MPs attended. It takes more than 239 votes to overturn the government. These reasons remind the government to be vigilant at the same time. The opposition is no longer interested in the child law, because if the government can be overturned, it will be overturned. This makes it necessary to hold elections in the near future. It is certain that the government is almost unprepared for elections. The only party that should be ready is the Bhumjaithai Party. The Pracharat Party is even more unsure of what it will be. The opposition party is no longer afraid of the government because it will be immediately resumed in the electoral field by the current tide of the people. The move overturned the government in the opposition's debate on the budget bill. It's just a draw. If there is a mistake in the budget bill, it can be overturned in another distrust debate. This time, it's like having a big rehearsal before slaughter day. He is confident that people are far away. The opposition and Thammasat will definitely overturn the government in the budget game. As for whether it will be successful or not, it remains to be seen how many bananas will be transported by far-flung people. I can only remind the government. From now on, it must be the government's own job to solve the game.
For Thailand - Moving forward, the joint statement of the S.K. Optimize The Bangkok Council|The Pheu Thai Party and the Far-Right Party held a joint press conference on Friday (May 27) to join forces with the 34-member Bangkok Council of the two parties to enhance the efficiency and transparency of the Bangkok Council. To work together in the Council." Mr. Prasert Chantawongthong "It will raise the level of the Bangkok Council in a new dimension," Prasert said. Chaithawat Thulathon said the cooperation between the two parties will be in many areas, including Chaithawat, who said the far-right party would support a representative from the Pheu Thai Party to chair the Bangkok Assembly. As for the clarity of who will have to wait after the KMT certifies the election results before Mr. Vichaya Minchainan. "We have already said that we will present the five policies that we have used in the campaign to the Council for consideration. Mr. Viroj Lakkhanaadisorn, a former candidate for governor of Bangkok of the Far Forward Party, also said that the 12 policies of the far-right party have been well received by Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, that the Governor of Bangkok "has been well received. Mr. Viroj addressed the local elections in Bangkok. On May 22, The Pheu Thai Party swept 20 seats in the Bangkok Council, while the Progressive Party won 14 districts, including 2 parties in 34 of the 50 districts.
"Vishnu" reiterates clearly if Bill 66 is struck down. The government has the option of simply dissolving parliament or resigning.|Today (May 27) The Deputy Prime Minister mentioned that if the Budget Bill for fiscal year 2023 does not pass the House of Representatives in the 1st term, it must return to the original Act. Yes or no, if the budget bill doesn't pass. The government will have to dissolve parliament or resign, and by Oct. 1, the 2022 budget will be spent before the Budget Office determines the proportions. It can be managed until a new budget is available. The old government will only be the acting government, but new projects will not be possible because they are not on the 2022 budget list, when asked if it is a constitutional requirement for the government to dissolve parliament. Mr. Vishnu stated that it is only a tradition. If the Prime Minister resigns, it is considered to resign the whole committee, only to continue acting, which the consideration of the Bill on the Election of MPs and the Bill on Political Parties must be stalled, because when there is no House, there will be no consideration, and the Senate cannot meet when asked which way it is better to dissolve the House or resign. Mr. Vishnu said, "It depends on how each time you take it. When it doesn't pass, it has to be re-proposed anyway. But if it is a resignation, then a new government comes in. and when the composition of the council does not change. The proposed new government may not pass again, but the parliament is dissolved rather than asked by reporters how to resolve it. Mr. Vishnu asked the media not to think in a way that would not cause such an incident because the government did not think so. When asked if Bill 66 would not pass, would there be an answer from the government on whether to dissolve parliament or resign? Mr. Vishnu stated that no one said whether to dissolve the Parliament or resign, but he announced what happened, which has no time frame and no fixed provisions in one of the sections. Mr. Vishnu said he did not ask for an answer on which one to use because there would be people who could disagree. Or choose to go all according to the new constitution. There will be disagreements and the Constitutional Court must decide. If the Constitutional Court is of the opinion that the method cannot be used, it is unworkable, and that it does not apply to all, the reporter added, "Does it mean that every problem, if it arises, has a solution?" Mr. Vishnu said he had answered all of them. The reporter will go to any conclusion because there is a solution, but the solution may be rejected by the beneficiaries and petitioned the Constitutional Court, which has already raised the issue, and the court has ruled it void several times. Mr. Vishnu added that in the past, the budget bill failed to pass the House, only in foreign countries. When asked if the budget bill failed to pass the House, the public strongly blamed the government for using the budget as a political game. Mr. Vishnu stated that he did not know, before asking the media why he was questioning him that Bill 66 would not be approved. Mr. Vishnu replied that he did not know either. The media asked him a lot, but he was unable to vote on the bill because he was a minister. In addition, Mr. Vishnu also mentioned the case of extension of the Green Line concession, saying that the matter is currently pending with the Secretary-General. And when there is a new governor of Bangkok. The Minister will have to ask the new Governor to bring the guidelines back to the Cabinet meeting again because the matter is from Bangkok. The Minister is the Ministry of Interior. For example, the issuance of payments is also a matter of Bangkok. The Ministry of Interior must lead the matter at the meeting. This must come out in the form of a resolution. This is in accordance with the NCPO's order. It is not cancelled, it is based on the original order. There is no time frame for implementation, even if this government has an accident. This is not yet settled. However, it will cause trouble to the private sector, and the new government must comply with the old NCPO's order, which is considered to be in accordance with the law, effective forever until the order is cancelled. Because the Constitution is written. Mr. Vishnu acknowledged that the opinions of the Council of Ministers and the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration can be seen differently, with the Bangkok Authority having the power to resolve any action by notifying the Ministry of Interior and sending it to the meeting. The Cabinet reconsidered and reiterated that the Cabinet would not approve bangkok because when the time comes, there may be a need to pay money. Use the national budget, but the conclusion must end at the Cabinet, but must give the new Governor of Bangkok. When asked if there is now a new governor, will he have to start a new process? Mr. Vishnu stated that do not just say that, you have to see how bangkok will take it, so he will be able to answer how to take it by asking for time for bangkok to think a little because he may not have done his homework on this matter before. Stating that the Joint Venture Act must be imported, Mr. Vishnu considered that it was up to him, which, if followed, had been negotiated earlier in accordance with the NCPO's order. This is in line with the opinion of the Bhumjaithai Party.
"Big Toe" Read a blank piece of paper on the plane, voicing to find out about the prime minister on all matters.|"Big Tou" reads a blank piece of paper on the plane, which is a book by the airline, voicing that the prime minister has everything, reporters reported. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense together with the delegation attended a lunch with the "Thai Team" in Tokyo during an official visit to Japan on May 26-27, 2022. The Prime Minister thanked everyone who worked and made the attendance of the Nikkei Forum a succession, both based on information and practices that have been carried out continuously. Today, they have fully served as a government and are likely to come out on a satisfactory basis. After meeting the Prime Minister of Japan and various business confederations, he was satisfied and interested in the new policy of Thailand, especially Better Thailand, which must continue to do better. Although it is difficult, it must be done. It is necessary to rethink the dignity of Thailand and the dignity of ASEAN that will bring ASEAN together because ASEAN will connect to Asia because Asia often plays a small role on the world stage, despite the large population and resources. Therefore, everything must be done in order. "As for any work, there will always be groups that disagree and parties that have agreements, but how to benefit from every agreement, because Thailand is almost all members, so don't let anyone misrepresent it. The Prime Minister also mentioned the news of criticism of the Prime Minister who read a blank piece of paper on a plane during his trip to Japan. The book I read was the airline's book, and I picked it up and looked at it. As for the meeting file, it was placed close to each other, not understanding why the Prime Minister could find out everything. I don't know what it is. Thailand
Dusit poll suggests "Chatchat" won the bangkok governorship election because he wants to change|"Dusit Poll" 69.52% of the city's people viewed "Chatchachart" as winning the landslides because they wanted to change, while 71.96% asked to do as they campaigned. Keep promises "Dusit Pole Park"  A survey of 1,191 people conducted between May 24 and 27 found that 69.52 percent of Bangkokians believed that Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan won this election with a large number of votes because he wanted change, 43.83 percent of good policies would be practical, and 42.32 percent of his personality was earthy. 69.10% of Bangkokians are confident that the new Governor of Bangkok will change the Bangkok capital for the better, 28.80% are unsure and 2.10% are not, while 46.52% said the results of the bangkok governorship election and the MP are quite effective in changing Thai politics in the big picture. Keep your promises. 71.96% and solved problems such as traffic, flooding. In addition, 50.46% of Bangkokians were quite satisfied with the overall outcome of the election, 43.38% were very satisfied.
Let's take a 10-day break! Dr. Thaweesilp Covid-19 infection revealed ATK test up 2 marks, slightly sore throat|Dr. Thaweesilp Covid-19 infection, ATK test up 2 marks, slight sore throat, and apologize to close colleagues. (May 28) Vishnuyothin Spokesperson for the Covid-19 Pandemic Management Center Facebook post More Report that you have COVID-19 After yesterday, ATK went up 2 strokes, with a slight sore throat. He also apologized to colleagues who had worked closely with each other over the past week and also recommended a frequent ATK test, stating, "Please take a 10-day break: ATK up 2 strokes yesterday, slight sore throat, other normal. Close colleagues have been working together over the past week and are cautious about checking ATK frequently." The post has attracted a lot of netizens to comment and wish dr. Thaweesin a speedy recovery.
Netizens are amazed! Compliments of "Chatchachart" after 1st grade children To be honest, "not very diligent" (with clip).|Watch the minute video of a 1st grader meet a child Frankly, I didn't intend to learn, before the governor of Bangkok watched, at least honestly, it became a topic that was talked about a lot online. In the case of a conversation between Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, governor of Bangkok, and a male student. A M.1, who gave an honest answer when asked by Mr. Chatchat if he intended to study, said the incident was "unacceptable." The incident occurred on May 27 at around 2.20 p.m. when Mr. Chatcha and his team went to bangbua housing area, Laksi district, Bangkok, to receive complaints from villagers. Mr. Sombat Kanokthipwan District Director Laksi, Mr. Takarn Sunnathawut, Member of The Bangkok Council (MP) For Thai Party, Mr. Phimuk Simaroj, Chairman of the Executive Committee of Susco Public Company Limited, Mr. Suttipong Thadpitakkul or Hart, a famous singer, joined the area with Mr. Chatchat and his group to explore bangbua ruamjaipattana community (Cherng Saphan Mai 2) and talked to a high school-age boy. Mr. Chatchat asked about the school and the grade level, to which the student replied that he was studying at Bangbua School, 1st grade. Male students M.1 replied honestly, "Not really," to which Mr. Chatchat replied, "You are still honest, good, very good." Mr. Chatchachart's response amazed twitterers. Because if it is another adult, the child will be scolded for not intending to study, which such an answer not only shows the attitude of the speaker, but also makes the child assertive as well as honest with his own feelings.
May 30 "The Nation" Break through the levels Election results certified after 2 complaints|After the election of the 17th Governor of Bangkok, the results appeared to be Chatchachart. Sittiphan won the election with 1,386,215 votes, reported tomorrow (May 30, 2022). Will present a report on the results of the election of the Governor of Bangkok and members of Bangkok. Enter the meeting to consider certifying the results of the election. There were a total of 24 complaints about candidates for Governor of Bangkok and members of Bangkok, including complaints of incorrect campaign labeling, and the use of defamatory campaign messages. The Governor of Bangkok has received 2 complaints: 1. Mr. Chatchat's campaign sign is made of vinyl fabric with the ulterior intent to allow voters to recycle to make bags - aprons. By means of making, offering, promising to give, or arranging to give any property or benefit. 2.Complaints about the bureaucracy, which are notified through other agencies, are not. The petitioner claimed that Mr. Chatchachat Identify content like bureaucracy May affect operational barriers Because there are many procedures. The petitioner claimed that it was an insult to the bureaucracy, however, Mr. Chatchat Sittipan revealed that he had pointed out the two allegations against him. And I don't think there's anything to worry about. Mr. Chatchat also mentioned the renewal of the green line concession: The Green Line is nothing to worry about. You have to look at what other people have done. How the old contract is how to get the debt and how to renew the 40-year contract And when entering it Will take 1 month to check the documents And consider how to move forward And reiterate that it does not use emotions But look at the benefits of the people as a location Confirm that there is no discussion with the Party for Thailand Although the idea is similar But its own policy since the campaign is already transparent And the price is fairly competitive. 
SUPERPOLL people satisfied with COVID hope to open the country Trust the Prime Minister|SUPER Poll People satisfied with covid to endemic disease, hope to open the country, revive the economy Trust the Prime Minister Foreign talks to invest in The Bureau of Superpol Research, presenting the results of field surveys Confidence after the opening of the country Case studies of people from all walks of life nationwide Of the 1,139 samples conducted between May 25-28, 2022, 73.4 percent of the public were satisfied with the government's ability to bring prosperity in many areas and through the COVID-19 crisis. It has been recognized by international organizations for its ability to manage COVID at the top of the world. 26.6% were dissatisfied, while 71.2% were confident that the economy would recover. After the government opened the country, tourism, exports, investment and employment followed. 28.8% were not convinced by the Prime Minister's confidence in the development of Thailand's relations with other countries. For example, Saudi Arabia, the United States, Japan, China and Russia have 74.9 percent of the public trusting the prime minister, followed by 25.1 percent who do not. 93.6% of the public agreed that all parties should cooperate with the Prime Minister in opening up the country. 6.4% disagreed with investors, entrepreneurs and the government.
Boil! Audio clip of Senator Te warning Decha's lawyer Stop messing with watermelon cases, rarely use the law.|Open the audio clip of the conversation between Mr. Decha and Mp. Te Mongkolkit One last warning to stop messing with watermelon cases. If it's someone else, send someone to stomp and then after the dacha lawyer. Kittiwittayanan, former lawyer of Mrs. Panida Sirayuthyothin Watermelon's mother will ask to withdraw from the watermelon case. Nida Later Mrs. Panida went to shake hands with Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, the leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party, and the legal team to continue monitoring the case due to suspicion of the latest murder. Today (May 30), Channel 3's This Morning show released an audio clip of Mr. Decha's conversation with Mr. Mongkolkit on the phone. By identifying yourself as a politician when you act, you rarely use the law, and if it's someone else, you're going to send someone to stomp on you. What are you going to tell me? Mr. S.S.T.: Nothing. I don't have anything, I don't want to threaten Dacha's lawyer: What's the matter? Don't let me have to act with you, lawyer: Hmm. It's not just the law, to be honest, Mr. Decha: Do you understand the word politician? I'm not going to do anything, Mr. Decha: I understand. I don't consider Brother De to be a friend and lawyer Decha: I understand S.S.T.: I say it according to the law, can't I say it? The more funny the troupe. Decha's lawyer can't speak: Hmmmm: I don't know if it's someone else. I sent someone to stomp on it, and the lawyer: I understand. I don't use the law, lawyer: I understand. If he promised me to stop, I wouldn't do anything. NATE: Well, it's funny, is it appropriate? Are you right? Advocate: Well, can you give me legal knowledge, or I can't say anything? Because the prosecutor has not ordered the case, the lawyer Decha: Yes, Mr. Te: Until the case is over that the prosecutor does not order the prosecution to dismiss the case, there will be another avenue. We haven't even reached the stage of filing our own lawsuits. Not at that stage, that step is a long way away, lawyer Decha: Can you educate yourself on the law, or how to do it, or ban it altogether? Here's what I warned you, Lawyer Decha: Tum, campaign. Ratchapol I have to warn him: I warn everyone. I warned one last time: Hmm: Well, otherwise I'll use an informal approach. I'm honest, Lawyer: Yes, sir: Yes, if you want to try it, see you. If you think that Decha Lawyer: Hmms. Te: Stop everyone, because otherwise I'm really going to take care of everyone. I'm prosecuting the three southern border provinces, I'm not going to prosecute around here, and I can't go back to Dacha's lawyer: I understand that, I'm going to give you legal knowledge only, and then don't affect anyone, and I'm not going to prosecute you. If it's OK, I'll say it once.
Urgent! The MINISTRY has not endorsed "Chatchachart" as the governor of Bangkok, pointing out that there are complaints that need to be investigated first.|Reporters reported that the Meeting of the Electoral Commission (EC) After Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, candidate No. 8 won the election and was elected as the 17th Governor of Bangkok, there were a total of 24 complaints against the candidate for Governor of Bangkok and the candidate of the MP. The MINISTRY has not considered announcing the results of the election for governor of Bangkok where Mr. Chatchachart was elected, suggesting that complaints about campaign signs may be considered to cause dishonest and impartial elections. However, this week Another meeting is scheduled for May 31 at 1:30 p.m. for members of the 50-district council. It was reported that the COMMISSION had resolved to announce some of the election results, which are currently under investigation. Reporters reported that the KMT had published a certificate of election for Ratchaburi District 3 held on May 21 for Chaithip Kamolpanthip from the Democrat Party to be a member of the House of Representatives (MP), but there were no details about the bangkok governorship election.
"Prayuth" organizes the 2023 budget to recover from the COVID crisis, aiming to benefit the people as much as possible.|Today (31 May 2022) at 10.00 a.m. at the House of Representatives Meeting Room. Parliament Building Samsen Road, Dusit District, Bangkok, Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Attend a meeting of the House of Representatives. In order to consider the draft budget expenditure act for fiscal year 2023, the Prime Minister has made a statement to the House of Representatives on the goals and guidelines of the budget expenditure bill for fiscal year 2023, with the principle and reason for setting the budget expenditure for the fiscal year 2023 in the amount not exceeding 3,185,000,000,000 baht for the expenditure of the budget receiving unit in the amount of 3,185,000,000,000 baht. The Prime Minister reiterated that the budget bill for fiscal year 2023 presented by the government to the members of the House of Representatives. It is a continuation of the fiscal year 2022, using the budget as an important tool to drive the country in accordance with the development guidelines of the national strategy. Master Plan under the National Strategy and Sub-Plan (Draft) National Economic and Social Development Plan No. 13 (Draft) National Policy and Plan on National Security National reform plan (revised version) and government policy to achieve the goals as set out concretely. Achieve maximum results and benefits for the people. The government has acted in accordance with domestic and external economic conditions. As of February 21, 2022, the Thai economy in 2022 is expected to expand in the range of 3.5- 4.5%, supported by the recovery of domestic demand from the easing of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Financial conditions of households and businesses Mutations and outbreaks of the virus, and fluctuations in the global economic and financial system. Inflation is expected to be in the range of 1.5-2.5 percent. The GDP growth rate in 2022 is in the range of 2.5- 3.5% and inflation is in the range of 4.2- 5.2%. The expansion of the tourism sector is expected to recover more clearly. Merchandise exports are likely to expand favorably. Expecting inflation to be in the range of 0.5-1.5 percent, the Prime Minister said that under such economic circumstances, the government needs to implement an expanded fiscal policy through deficit budgeting. To support the ongoing economic recovery. In fiscal year 2023, revenue is expected to recover gradually in line with the economic recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic begins to ease. It is estimated that revenue from taxation, sales of goods and services, state commerce and other revenues will total 2,614,100 million baht. This was an increase of 4.1% from the previous year and the allocation of VAT to local administrative organizations under the Decentralization Plan and Procedure Act B.E. 2542 (1999) and as amended amounted to Baht 124,100 million. The remaining amount is net income that can be allocated as government expenditure. 2,490,000 million baht. Therefore, the fiscal policy in fiscal year 2023 is a deficit-based budget policy with net income of 2,490,000 million baht and loans to offset the budget deficit of 695,000 million baht. The total revenue amounted to 3,185,000 million baht, equal to the budget limit of the prime minister's budget, reaffirming the fiscal position that the government will manage the treasury to an appropriate level and manage the government's revenues and expenditures to be efficient and maximize the benefits, while the outstanding public debt as of March 31, 2022 amounted to 9,951,962.7 million baht. It accounts for 60.6% of the gross domestic product, which is under the public debt management framework according to the law on fiscal discipline of the state, which is set at 70%. Headline inflation in 2022 is likely to exceed the target range due to rising energy and food prices, and will gradually decline and return to the target in early 2023 due to energy and food prices that are not expected to continue rising, such as in 2022, as well as the shortage of raw materials and global commodities that will be alleviated. Meanwhile, demand-side inflationary pressures remained low. Long-term inflation is expected to remain within the target range and the overall financial system to be stable. Meanwhile, Thailand's current foreign financial position is favorable. The value of international reserves as of April 22, 2022 amounted to USD 233,926.75 million, or approximately 3.15 times that of short-term foreign debt, which is considered to be at a strong level. It focuses on providing people with a good quality of life. Develop and empower throughout life. Secure and socioeconomic protection Vulnerable and disadvantaged groups, such as the elderly, people with disabilities, and children, receive comprehensive and fair care and assistance from government welfare. The economy is growing steadily and benefits are distributed to all groups of people, especially the foundation groups, to strengthen the economy. It can improve well-being, get out of poverty, and become self-reliant to reduce fiscal burden and support the overall economy to strengthen and grow stably for the drafting of the bill. The government has implemented the framework of the State Fiscal Discipline Act B.E. 2561 (2018) and in line with current economic conditions. (1) Implement in accordance with the National Strategy. Master Plan under the National Strategy and Sub-Plan (Draft) National Economic and Social Development Plan No. 13 (Draft) National Policy and Plan on National Security National Reform Plan (Revised Version), Government Policy, Sustainable Development Goals The Ministry's action plan adopts the philosophy of sufficiency economy as a guideline for budget allocation, focusing on development issues that need to be accelerated in order to achieve the 13 goals (draft). The 13th Development Plan and key projects of 2023 affect the achievement of the goals of the National Strategy and the Master Plan under the National Strategy. 406 projects approved by the Council of Ministers (2) focus on driving targeted poverty solutions using the budget of the receiving units in terms of the strategic plan. It aims to achieve concrete solutions to poverty and drive a circular economy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, as well as prioritize participation and needs of the people in the area. Providing necessary welfare for all groups of people, as well as fair distribution of budgets. (3) Promote decentralization of power to local administrative organizations, increase the potential for the transfer of public service tasks. Reduce inequality, including improving revenue collection efficiency and effectiveness. (4) Prepare a budget to cover all sources of money by allowing the budget receiving unit to consider using out-of-budget funds or accumulated funds to carry out the mission of the budget receiving unit as a priority, as well as considering other sources of money in the implementation of investment projects in order to reduce the budget burden and maximize the efficiency of the use of the country's resources. Comply with the provisions of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. B.E. 2560, State Fiscal Discipline Act B.E. 2561, Budget Procedure Act B.E. 2561, as well as relevant laws, regulations and cabinet resolutions, the Prime Minister mentioned the essence of the Draft Budget Expenditure Act for fiscal year B.E. 2566 with a budget limit of 3,185,000 million baht, classified as regular expenditure of 2,396,942.2 million baht. 75.26% capital expenditure of Baht 695,077.4 million 21.82% and repayment expenses of 100,000 million baht This was 3.14 per cent. Loan repayment expenses are capital expenditures in the case of investment loans of state enterprises. 7,019.6 Million Baht This is done within the framework of fiscal discipline. As follows: 1. The expenditure budget for fiscal year 2023 classified by expenditure budget group consists of 1) Central budget expenditure budget of 590,470.0 million baht. 1) 18.6% of the budget limit 2) The budget of the budget receiving unit amounted to 1,090,329.6 million baht. 3) Integrated expenditure budget of 218,477.7 million baht. This includes (1) driving solutions to problems in the southern border provinces, (2) developing eastern special development zones, (3) combating corruption and misconduct, (4) preparing for an aging society, (5) managing water resources, (6) preventing, suppressing and treating drug addicts, (7) developing transportation and logistics, (8) developing and promoting the foundation economy, (9) developing industries and services of the future, (10) digital government, and (11) generating revenue from tourism. Personnel expenditure budget of 772,119.1 million baht 5) Budget expenditure for working capital amounting to 206,985.6 million baht. 6) 6.5% of the budget limit and 6) Budget expenditure for repayment of government debt amounting to 306,618.0 million baht. 9.6% of the budget2. The budget for fiscal year 2023 is classified according to the budget allocation strategy by defining 6 strategies and 1 item, which has adopted the national strategy and master plan under the national strategy as a strategic framework for the allocation of expenditure budget for fiscal year 2023. Strategy 1: On security, the government allocates expenditure budgets. 296,003.6 Million Baht To ensure the stability of the city. All sectors are ready to prevent and solve national security problems and are recognized by the international community. The plan is as follows: (1) strengthening the security of key national institutions (2) maintaining peace within the country (3)  (4) Driving solutions to the problems of the southern border provinces (5) Prevention, suppression and treatment of drug addicts (6) Prevention and resolution of problems affecting security (7) Management of migrant workers and human trafficking (8) Development of national preparedness and disaster management systems (9) Development of national defense capability and readiness to face threats in all dimensions (10) Promotion of international relations (11) Development of holistic security management mechanisms (12) Security support and (13) Implementation of basic tasks and government personnel expenditures Strategy 2: Building competitiveness The government allocates budgets and expenditures. 396,125.5 Million Baht To promote the growth of the country's economy and increase the competitiveness of stability and sustainability. The goal is to spread economic and social prosperity in all regions of the country. The plan is as follows: (1) Development of transportation and logistics systems (e.g. road, rail, water, air) (2) (3) Eastern Economic Corridor Development (4) Smart Livable Areas and Cities Development (5) Tourism Monetization (6) Special Economic Zone Development (7) Promotion of Strong and Competitive Small and Medium Enterprises (8) Future Industry and Services Development (9) Energy Security Development (10) Digital Economy and Society Development (11) Innovation Research and Development (12) Science, Technology and Innovation Potential Development (13) Competitiveness Support and (14) Basic Mission Implementation and Government Personnel Expenditure Strategy 3: Human Resource Development and Capacity Building Strategy 3: Human Resource Development and Capacity Building Baht 549,514.0 million To provide people of all ages with knowledge, morality, public spirit and a good quality of life, receive education and learning that responds to innovation and change. This includes promoting the preservation of local culture and wisdom, developing sports potential, and developing workforce skills to support target industries and laying the foundation for the future economy. The plan is as follows: (1) Enhancing people's well-being (2) Developing people's potential throughout life (3) Improving the quality of education and learning (4) Empowering sports (5) Changing values and culture (6) Supporting human resource development and capacity building (7) Implementation of basic tasks and government personnel expenditures  Strategy 4 : Creating opportunities and social equality, the government allocates budgets. 759,861.3 Million Baht To ensure that Thai people receive basic welfare thoroughly and fairly. Create opportunities and reduce social inequality Create social security for Thai people to have access to quality and standardized health and education services, as well as create welfare guarantees for both formal and informal workers, and support the preparation of Thai society to support an aging society. The plan is as follows: (1) social security, (2) educational equality, (3) decentralization of power to local administrative organizations, (4) promotion of integrated provincial and provincial development, (5) development and promotion of the foundation economy, (6) targeted measures to solve specific problems, (7) preparation to support the aging society, including improving the quality of life of the elderly in various aspects, including economic, social, environmental, and health, (8) social empowerment, (9) support for creating opportunities and social equality, and (10) implementation of basic tasks and government personnel expenditures. 122,964.9 Million Baht To conserve, restore and utilize natural resources and the environment in a balanced manner to create sustainable growth. Create growth on a green economy society and integrate cooperation with network partners in natural resource and environmental management. The plan is as follows: (1) Water resource management, (2) Sustainable growth, conservation, restoration and prevention of natural resource destruction, (3) Climate change impact management, (4) Pollution and environmental management, (5) Sustainable growth on the marine economy, (6) Paradigm shift to determine the future of natural resources and environment, (7) Support for growth on environmentally friendly quality of life, and (8) Basic mission and government personnel expenditure. 658,012.7 Million Baht To make the public administration system efficient and effective. The plan is classified as follows: (1) Anti-corruption and misconduct (2) Digital government (3) Public service development and public sector efficiency development (4) Law and justice development (5) Support for rebalancing and developing the public sector management system (6) Basic mission operations and government personnel expenditure. The Prime Minister said the government has also allocated an expenditure budget. 402,518.0 Million Baht 12.6% of the budget is to cover unforeseen events for emergencies or necessities. Government Debt Management As follows (1) Central budget expenditure for emergency or necessary expenses amounting to 95,900 million baht To reserve for the cost of preventing or resolving situations that affect public order. State Security Remedies or mitigation of serious public disasters Missions that are urgently needed by the state and mitigation (2) to solve problems and heal those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, including compensation for construction work to help entrepreneurs; Management of government debt of 306,618 million baht to repay the principal of the loan amounting to 100,000 million baht. Interest and fees amounted to Baht 206,618 million. It supports the management of public debt to achieve fiscal and financial stability, as well as maintaining fiscal discipline.
Sri Suwan mocked the people of Bangkok posted this afternoon 1.38 million votes!|Facebook Account Srisuwan Who uses the same name as Mr. Srisuwan. Known for filing complaints against individuals and organizations. A photo posted on Tuesday (May 31) contained a mocking message that this same afternoon, there will be 1.38 million people in Bangkok who chose Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan as their governor. It is a millipede earthworm on a pile of fire ashes. I don't know if it's !!! or ho." Posters The post was posted after Srisuwan filed a complaint with the Election Commission (EC). Mr. Chatchachart claimed that the campaign banners of the election winners were fraudulent because they could be used as recycled bags to distribute to voters. Mr. Chatchat also faced complaints of insulting civil servants, but it was unclear which complaints were illegal. Despite the election and overwhelming consensus from bangkok people for more than a week, the delay has led some to criticize the work of the KMT, with some internet users changing the full name of the abbreviation. To express such dissatisfaction.
I can't! Netizens hunt down the list of removing "Sri Suwan" From a position in the association itself.|Reporters reported that today (May 31) in the online world, a campaign was conducted on the website Change.org hunt for the removal of Mr. Srisuwan. Charaya resigned from office. The secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations in detail of the campaign stated, "Many people disagree with Mr. Srisuwan's actions. That reduces progress and creates divisions in Thai society on matters that deserve to be developed in a positive way, but Mr. Srisuwan complains about matters that should not be complained about. He also performed his duties in the matter of partisan audits, such as not checking the policies of the Pracharat Party, which could not actually do so, but instead preparing to examine the policies of Mr. Chatchachart, the governor, while not holding any office. This action is therefore antagonistic to the national administration..."More than 310,000 signatures have been submitted so far, up from the target of 350,000.  
Pitha The government budgeted for 2023 like a "sick elephant", and it was more like a "powerful elephant".|Today (May 31) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat List of MPs of the Far-Right Party Speaking on the budget discussion for fiscal year 2023, he said that this year is not just the last consideration of the FY 2023 expenditure budget, but the year of national reconstruction. It's a year of hope, a light at the end of the tunnel for the people. In the face of the COVID-19 crisis. Next year there will be a general election. There is hope or metaphor that "the tide must be scooped up", focusing on discussing the country's budget structure. In the use of public taxes, it is like "Sick elephants that can't adapt" due to volatile incomes, resulting in a loan that falls out of the box. From the estimated revenue of 2,490,000 million baht. While there were expenses of 3,185,000 million baht. The budget for pension allowances of civil servants is worth more than 322,790 million baht. This is a limit as high as the budget of the Ministry of Education, the entire ministry that takes care of the whole country. This is a problem of sick elephants that cannot be cared for at the same time. Most of the agricultural budget is the budget of the past, not the budget of the future. The Ministry of Culture's budget focuses on morality and ethics, but does not focus on creating a creative economy or soft power budget, as only 60 million baht is available for the budgeting of hope. It must be a budget that is distributed without clusters, a budget that comes from the bottom up, a budget from outside toward us, for example, currently the revenue division of the company is 70 to 30, which will have a net income of 700 billion baht. An average of 7,850 local organizations of 89 million baht each. If changed to 50 to 50, there will be a net income of 1,200,000 million baht. The increased budget will be used to solve problems or strengthen local capacity on the spot, such as water supply, waste disposal or sub-irrigation. Mr. Paiboon Nittawan List of MPs of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) Discussing the draft budget bill for fiscal year 2023 with a limit of 3.185 trillion baht, he said that the principles of the draft policy are aimed at helping the country recover from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, society and human resources by focusing on improving people's quality of life. There is a development of capacity throughout life, from children to middle age and old age, to provide economic/social security and protection, including for the poor and disadvantaged. Such a good thing. The leader of the opposition party called it a beggar for a birthday party. The opposition is unlikely to depreciate the money that will reach the aid of the people. Especially the state welfare program. Half of the project grants", another opposition leader. Liken the budget to the budget. Sick elephants that cannot adapt Instead, he asked for permission to defend. This elephant is not sick. Despite the many diseases that have been severely inflicted. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister also oversees the movement of Thailand, which is like a powerful elephant, to move forward through the crisis. Otherwise, it can't come this far. After three years of elections, we will enter our fourth year, and we are very adaptable, ready to fight any crisis." Mr. Paiboon Paiboon added that opposition party MPs had announced they would vote to overturn the budget. They are fine, because they all have salaries for their positions, and they are not afraid to get in trouble. But the people waiting for the grant suffered. He disagreed with voting to overturn what was in the public interest. Especially in the budget, the investment expenditure amounted to 690 billion baht. This represents 21.82% of the money that will be invested in economic development. He believes that MPs who love the people will help the draft budget pass because the 2023 budget is like a rain sprinkling all over the land. Bring freshness and freshness to life for the people of the whole land.
Urgent! The MINISTRY has already endorsed "Chatchat Sitthawat" as the Governor of Bangkok.|Today (May 31) Chairman of the Electoral Commission Preside over the meeting. The meeting was held to consider the results of the elections for the Governor of Bangkok (Bangkok Governor) and members of the Bangkok Council (MP) for the 2nd consecutive day. The MINISTRY submitted its opinion to the meeting that in the case of Mr. Chatchat was Mr. Srisuwan. Jaraya, Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Complaints about making campaign signs with the intent to allow voters to recycle This is an act to motivate voters, and speaking in an insulting manner to the bureaucracy may be considered to be dishonest and impartial. Today, the meeting approved the resolution. Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, the no.8 independent candidate who received the highest number of votes with 1,386,215 votes to be the governor of Bangkok, has already certified the results of the election of five more members of the Bangkok Assembly (MP) after yesterday's meeting. There are already 40 MPs certified, which means that as of now, there are 5 MPs in 5 districts who are still waiting for the KGT to certify the election results, namely:
"Prayuth" is a pawn! The government has paid 780 billion in debt. Reiterate, the hook must be provided with fish.|Today (May 31, 2022) at 2:40 p.m. in the House of Representatives Meeting Room. Parliament Building Samsen Road, Dusit District, Bangkok, Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Attend a meeting of the House of Representatives. The Prime Minister clarified that the 2023 capital expenditure budget is small and insufficient for the country's development, saying that the total budget set by the government is 3,185 billion baht, consisting of capital expenditure of 695,077.4 million baht. 21 In addition, the government also has other forms of investment, such as public-private partnerships (PPP), infrastructure funds for the future of Thailand. Thailand Future Fund (TFFIF) with approximately 98,929 million baht In 2023, the state has approximately 794,006 million baht or 24.9% of the annual expenditure budget. Mrt Purple Line Phase 2 Bang Yai MRT Pink Line Project MRT Yellow Line Project The Prime Minister said that in terms of the agricultural budget, The government has taken a number of additional actions, including improving the agricultural sector, in addition to ensuring rice prices by reducing production costs, including large-scale agriculture. Today, the most important thing is bcg economic policy in agriculture and food. Develop agribusiness by creating added value Focus on high-quality farmers To promote the use of technology in the production and processing of food and agricultural products through technology and innovation. These various online trades Create Smart Farmer to mobilize participation in all sectors. Use Big Data in Agriculture Use Agri-Map to create a platform to support large-scale farming. Procurement of agricultural machinery contractors rental No need to buy. Expand your market to online marketplaces We need to give them fishing rods and fish with them so that they can survive, be safer and stronger and stronger. The Prime Minister insisted that the government prioritizes the 2023 expenditure limit with data from all provinces, sectors in Big Data. The government takes care of it everywhere, whichever is more urgent, needs to be done first. The part that is not urgent must be waited for. The part that says it hasn't been because the project hasn't been urgent yet. The central budget is set. In addition to emergency use, it is also used to replenish the provincial budget. Provinces And the government has focused on infectious diseases, supporting a budget of more than 397 billion baht. In terms of economic recovery and stimulation, that at that time had already fallen due to the lack of people to visit. There are no people to use the service so that entrepreneurs can survive. And now the government is providing the budget to renovate the dilapidated, worn out and unoccupied accommodation, so that operators can develop this part to accommodate the increasing number of tourists coming in in time. Insist that the government does everything. The Prime Minister said that the budget deficit is necessary because the budget structure is necessary because the net income comes from taxation, which is a tax collected from different occupational groups with different incomes and collected different amounts, which are the main income of the government, to be used to take care of low-income people. At the same time, it has also moved forward with other projects, such as the new industrial structure, which will take time, in order to generate additional income for the country. Public debt The debts have been clarified many times and then come back exactly the same, the atmosphere is the same. No matter what the discussion is, it's the same, because the chips have all been implanted. Many of the things that the opposition has said are not facts. Insist that the government take care of the civil servants who work, take care of the people. Take care of the insurance of rice prices over the previous year of 60 billion baht. The following year, 80 billion baht and 150 billion baht in 2022. By the Prime Minister It is not a problem to pay the price of rice, but to find other ways for farmers to really earn income from their agriculture by developing Smart Farmer using technology. Since 54 years, the rice pledge project has lost 950 billion baht. This government has already budgeted 780 billion baht in debt repayment, with 300 billion baht remaining in principal and interest. We have to give fishing rods and we have to give them fish so that people can survive safely." Prayuth said. The Prime Minister said the issue of potash mines has been known for a long time. The Prime Minister has given a policy to drive this, which MPs, as landlords, must let the people cooperate. Agree to move forward. If there are protesters of potash mines, MPs must go and explain to the Prime Minister. Let's see how many oil wells there are in Thailand. How many wells are there abroad and how many barrels of oil can be mined? Is the quality better than ours? If only broad principles were spoken. Not looking at the details at all, people are completely confused. This causes administrative difficulties. In order to make everyone work together, the MP is the representative of the people. It's not just about grievances. What the government is doing today should be taken and told to the public. To give people access to government services as well. Even if something is repeated over and over again, I don't feel angry from it. The Prime Minister left the meeting room and immediately returned to Government House. To attend the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Board of Trustees of Bhumirajnagarindra Nephrology Institute at Thai Twin Fah Building Government House. Asked by reporters about the first day of consideration of the FY 2023 Budget Bill, the Prime Minister said nothing. Asked if the opposition's allegations were too harsh, he said: prime minister Given that the public will be the judge, today's section clarifies well? The Prime Minister said he had not clarified much. Let's wait to hear the Minister clarify. The Prime Minister spoke broadly when asked in the council meeting room today. The Prime Minister hammered back the opposition several times. Prayuth said the prime minister had clarified, but he would not back him. prime minister Congratulate Mr. Chatchat Sittipan at the Election Commission (EC). Certified as the Governor of Bangkok (Governor of Bangkok) to be able to work. When asked if he would like to tell Mr. Chatchat anything, he replied: Prayuth said he had to wait for him to talk to the prime minister because he had to come.
"Joe Nouveau". Ministry of DES petition for fake Facebook Post attacks on "Chatchachat"|In the case of a fake Facebook user of Mr. Jirayus Varthanasin or Joe Nouveau. The singer then posted an attack. Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok On May 24, some online media outlets took the post from a fake Facebook page to report it as news. As a result, Joe Nouveau's reputation was damaged. Before apologizing for the latest mistake today (31 May 2022) at 14.00 hrs. Mr. Jirayus Varthanasin or Joe Nouveau Famous singer with Mrs. Naingnoi Asavakittikorn, CEO of Digital Citizenship Center visited Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) Complaints about fake Facebook posts attacking Mr. Chatchat by The DES minister has assigned police officers. The Police Commissioner conducted an investigation and arrested the culprit for further legal proceedings. Nouveau said the culprits had been embodied by Facebook for a very long time. Nowadays, social media players must know which Facebook is fake, which IG is fake, with fake Facebook using the account name "Joe Nouveau Jirayus Jirayut Wattanasin - Real Facebook". It was detected that it should be reopened. Fake Facebook that used to report Earlier in the day, an online news agency posted a fake Facebook post stating that he was unaware of Mr. Chatchachart, and also posted about many political matters, causing him damage. People who don't understand think that it's their Facebook expression will be disgusted and hateful, so today they have to come to the Ministry of DES to help, while the DES Minister said that they will coordinate with Facebook to take action to block it. Pretending to be another person is an offence under the law. The POLICE conducts investigations to help victims as a case study because famous people are often subjected to this kind of abuse. The actions of villains are considered to be destructive to the lives of people. The star was faked to post about politics, causing him to lose his job. There are no shows at all. Such acts are punishable by both criminal penalties and Section 16 of the Comp Act, punishable by 5 years' imprisonment. Please report it to DES or the police to block it so that it does not affect your reputation.
"Shakti" Keep an open mind. The MINISTRY announced the endorsement of the position, thanking "Srisuwan" for helping to verify it.|May 31, 2022 - Chatchachat Sittipan landed in Din Daeng district. Explore Din Daeng Community Housing Flats and Public Library, Din Daeng Community Housing 2 with Anong Petchtat, Member of Bangkok Council, Din Daeng District Pracharat Power Party The main problems faced were waste management, hygiene and the availability of public libraries. Speaking at the news, Chatchachart said he would like to thank everyone for their votes, both elected and not elected. Once the SEC has endorsed the position, it is ready to move on. He urged all citizens to walk together, reiterated that he will be the governor of all, will take care of everyone equally regardless of their differences of opinion, and said that the past five days have proved that the people of Bangkok still have hope. Collaboration between governors and MPs from different political parties is not an obstacle. In addition, civil servants have already begun to implement written policies since the governorship has not been endorsed. Believing that this is an important step in the further development of Bangkok and will be able to see a change in the direction of TD and energized by the cooperation of everyone, Chatchachart emphasized that in the past, walking into the area was not only exploring problems at different points, but signaling that problems in other areas need to be solved. We don't have to wait for the governor to take it down himself, it's a signal that he's going to take it seriously." We may be looking at the construction problems at The Mall Tha Phra, but the implication is that every problem needs to be solved. You don't have to wait for the governor to solve it. I think we've signaled that we're going to take it seriously," he said, adding that a student had filed a complaint about the hairstyle regulations. The hair color and school uniforms of schools under Bangkok in the same way that the regulations on hairstyles should be adjusted. This is to take into account the rights and freedoms of students. Chatchachart received the complaint document and clarified that it needs to be discussed for a reason, but he does not see hairstyles or hair color as an obstacle to learning, but must also give the person responsible for forcing the hairstyle in the future an opportunity to clarify the purpose of the compulsion. In addition, the issue of mandatory wearing of uniforms must be considered because there are issues in other dimensions besides rights and freedoms, such as the economic dimension. Complaint about Chatchachart's campaign sign by Srisuwan Earlier in the day, Chatchat said that he would like to thank Mr. Srisuwan and everyone for joining the investigation. He thanked the Election Commission for its compliance and reiterated that the complaints did not affect its future functioning as audits are a democratic process. When the investigation comes out, it gives even more legitimacy to the inauguration. In case of complaints that do not meet the guidelines or are bullying. Chatchat said he personally doesn't see it as bullying, but rather looks at the legal conditions and suitability.
"Phaiboon" to "Sutin-Pitha" Auebok'66 is a rain sprinkling all over the land.|Phaiboon Nittawan, MP for The Pracharat Party (PDP) Discussion in response to Pitha Limcharoenrat List MPs, Progressive Party and Sutin Arsenal The Opposition Whip, in considering the FY 2023 budget bill, said he liked the government's 2023 budget, but regretted it because opposition party leaders nicknamed the bill a "birthday party beggar", which is an impairment. The opposition is unlikely to devalue the money that reaches the people. Meanwhile, Another opposition party leader described the "sick elephant budget" as impractical. Instead, I asked for permission to defend that this elephant was not sick. Despite the severe disease, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense are also in charge of driving Thailand like a powerful elephant to overcome the crisis. Otherwise, it can't come this far, so it's considered a well-adapted elephant. Ready to fight various crises Opposition MPs voted to overturn the budget bill. You have a salary, you have money for every position. But the people waiting for help from this budget are in real trouble. Therefore, he did not agree not to vote for what was in the interest of the people, believing that MPs who love the people, committed to ensuring that the people get the budget, will vote for this bill to pass the House." The Budget Act is like a rain of carpets, sprinkling all over the land. It brings freshness to life to the people of the land who are waiting for help from the state." Earlier, Pitha argued that the overall picture of the budget is like "Sick elephants can't dance." While we are facing a volatile income situation. Expenditures are hardened, but most of them are still spent on personnel expenditures that are up to 40%, the other is the budget to pay off debts in the past, whether it is personnel budgets, public debt, policy debts, THE BANK's debt, the last one-third is really only 1/3 to deal with year-on-year problems and future challenges. 2-300 billion baht In the past 2 years, our economic layout has focused only on quantitative tourism, not qualitative, etc., which Pitha proposed that the budget must be evenly distributed, not concentrated, focused on building the foundation economy, and put the outside inside, just like Sutin Arsenal, who used to press that this budget is like begging for a party or begging for a birthday party, because in conditions in a poor country, there is no money, there is difficulty, the fiscal position has deteriorated, and the budget has been borrowed. There is no way to generate revenue. Every injection is just a stimulus to consumption. No production stimulus The government has failed to meet its target of additional revenue collection. Instead, the budget is distributed in a distributed manner by the ruling coalition parties, in order to preserve the status of the government.
"Sri Nuan" Sae old government 30 baht intangible Uay "Anutin" worked super - excellent.|"Sri Nuan" Sae rop old 30 baht intangible Uay "Anutin" worked super - excellent Sri Nuan Boonlue S.S.Chiang Mai Bhumjaithai Party Discussing the draft budget bill for the fiscal year 2023 with a limit of 3.18 trillion baht, he said that this budget must be developed for the benefit of the people.  Kudos to all governments working for the city. We have to watch what is good. What's not good is keep it, the previous government itself remembered that the 30 baht program treats all diseases, but is it tangible? I've worked for 30 years and haven't seen it yet, but the work of this government is tangible. Good road. The water flows, the lights are bright, say and do, and the most impressive thing is the Ministry of Health, which has Anutin Charnveerkul as minister. The government has done a great job, including free dialysis in all cases, free cancer treatment for 30 baht, free treatment at all times, as well as taking care of the M.S.M. and children to give jobs, unlocking cannabis to create jobs and create jobs. What do you do every year?" the government of the past remembers that 30 baht cures all diseases, I remember, but is it tangible? I've been working for 30 years, I haven't seen it yet, but this time I'm representing the people. Mae Wang District, San Pa Tong, Doi Lo, Chom Thong I have a tangible job: a good road. The water flows, the lights are bright, say and do, and the most impressive thing is the Ministry of Health. Where people are in trouble, we are proud to understand, reach, talk and do it all the time, and we will do it forever," Sri nuan said.
"A long way to go", holding up a sign for the Pracharat power campaign. Promises that can't be made, can't be deleted, can't be forgotten.|Surprise in the middle of the council "going a long way", holding up a sign for the Pracharat campaign. Promises that can't be made, can't be deleted, can't be forgotten. May 65) Ms. Wanvipa Maison, Mp for The Progressive Party Discuss the draft. The 2023 Budget Act, in terms of the public welfare budget, said the budget was set without taking into account the future of the majority of the country. Therefore, I would like to invite you back to 2019, after the election and the government, which many people may have forgotten or pretend not to remember what they promised to the whole country. I don't know if this is a scam or a sale of people's dreams, which is the reality of the government's policy, not as many as 200 policies like the governor of Bangkok. He wants to look back at his party's policies to see what he has campaigned for, such as the Mother Pracharat policy. Nowadays, people receive all the benefits, until they lose their jobs thoroughly, and they secretly see what the last year's budget will have to do with welfare. But in the end, no budget was set to match the policies I had campaigned for." There's nothing more than urging the government to follow the policies they've been campaigning for, or you're going to deny that the people elected you, not because they want to see you make these policies happen, but because they're just advertising. If you're going to advertise, you have to go to advertising, not politics. It's not just advertising, it's about turning the welfare system into universal welfare," Ms Wanvipa said, adding that she had tried to find the policies of the Pracharat Party on various websites, but it had been erased. It's okay because deleting doesn't help to forget "I'm a captan" so that the prime minister and ministers don't forget about these things. Do you remember these signs that have been posted all over the campaign area both locally and online, and if you still remember, hopefully you will not use them to deceive the public in the next campaign? Minister of Labour I've said that if you choose, you have to do what you want to do. Because people are masters. Find out what you need to do. Therefore, in the next election, the people will be punished heavily. During Ms. Wanvipa's discussion, she discussed the policies of the Pracharat Party that she had campaigned for. Many of the far-right party MPs around have also brought up policy placards to support the debate.
The public debt is rising because the pledge of rice or the administration is not.|Today (May 31), Former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra posted a Facebook post in response. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The case was alluded to during the debate on the Draft Budget Act for the year 2023. As follows: "As Mr. Prayuth explained in the 2023 budget debate and alluded to the government, I have spent more than 700 billion baht on the rice pledge project. I immediately felt that it was the same accusation that had been used many times, which I had already clarified on June 2, 2021, following this link, https://www.facebook.com/.../a.20100121.../4413336935377394/ I would like to leave it to you to think while considering the annual expenditure budget, that although my government was heavily attacked for "creating debt", despite the fact that the ratio of public debt to GDP was only 45.91%, after eight years after the coup, the debt had jumped to 60.58%. Every year, the public debt that has increased over the past 8 years amounts to 4.4 trillion baht. Meanwhile, the government continues to incur debt without a strategy of increasing revenue. It is against the principle of having to use loans to expand the economy, and now that people do not have additional income, household debt increases. Therefore, the government cannot collect enough taxes. Unable to reduce the budget deficit, I would like to question whether the government's dramatic increase in public debt was due to the rice pledge program or the administration. In retrospect, I am still proud to run the country under the principle of increasing the pockets of the people while generating more income for the country, until I was able to announce that I would balance the budget in 2017, unlike the current government, which cannot be relied upon and hoped for by the people."
Chatchachat Launched a team of deputy governors-advisors, immediately went ahead and pushed 214 policies.|Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok The names of the four deputy governors were revealed on Wednesday (June 1), including: Mr. Chatchachart also revealed the names of nine other advisers, including the 17th Governor of Bangkok, saying that although Bangkok has a new management team, the policies previously made remain the same. Amid the news that stallholders are starting to encroach on the sidewalks again, another pressing issue that has attracted attention is the green line contract. Bangkok's company provides information about contracts with BTS Group. On Thursday (May 2), Mr. Chatchachat Answering press questions about the possibility of making policy 214 The campaign is set to be true, amidst bangkok's small budget. That admits that Bangkok's budget is actually less. By amending the national law on land and building taxes, but those 200 policies don't cost a lot of money, and start doing it"We already know that we have budget constraints. Do things that don't require money to do first, like we did last week. People can report incidents, they don't spend a penny at all, but they can have more than 20,000 complaints. So a lot of things. Technology doesn't cost money. So we're not worried here because we already know that we have budget constraints. So a lot of things can go without money." Mr. Chatchat said the Governor of Bangkok responded to a press question from Taiwan about the use of technology to open government information to people and businesses. Take advantage of examples from Audrey's work. Tang, Taiwan's Digital Minister that Bangkok is a priority and will be implemented as soon as possible"I think the electronic bureaucracy is very important to Bangkok. I think that's probably the first thing we can do. First of all, it will be Open Bangkok, which is to open up about 2,000 data sets that are important to businesses and the public, and we will make them available to the public in an effective format, not just .pdf." Mr. Chatchat is scheduled to plant 100 trees at Benjakiti Park, Khlong Toei district at 3.00 p.m. before attending the opening of Pridemanth for diverse people in Mitrtown. That coincides with the 12-month, 12-festival policy that Mr. Chatchat and his team will support and push.
"Shakti" First visit to City Hall Tell everyone not to call you "master" because you are everyone's friend.|After yesterday's meeting Consider the results of the election of the Governor of Bangkok (Bangkok Governor) and members of the Bangkok Council (MP) before the meeting. Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, the no. 8 candidate as an independent, received the 1st highest number of votes with 1,386,215 votes to be the governor of Bangkok, today (June 1). Mr. Chatchachart, as the 17th Governor of Bangkok, officially traveled to Bangkok City Hall. The first swing by Mr. Khajit Chatchavanich The Permanent Secretary of Bangkok welcomed the officials of Bangkok, the atmosphere of greeting and introducing the team was friendly, later Mr. Chatchat paid homage to The Buddha Nawaraj Bopit and sacred objects at Bangkok City Hall before Mr. Chatchat and the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok jointly signed the assignment ceremony. The official governor of Bangkok, Mr. Chatchat, said that for him, this is a journey that lasts 2 years, until today there are traveling companions, namely government officials, Bangkok. The principle is, what's being discussed? I can't do anything right, I can tell you that everyone in Bangkok is asked to read the 214-point policy, not to follow it, but to get feedback, feedback, how to proceed, or to increase it to 300 items.
"Amarat" is not counting relatives and democracy robbers. "Kanit" is a dialect of the modality.|Amarat Chokpamitkul, mp for The Progressive Party Discussing the budget bill for fiscal year 2023 with a limit of 3.185 trillion baht, he said he agreed with Pitha Limcharoenrat. The leader of the far-right party, who argued that the 2023 budget is like a sick elephant, but himself thinks that in addition to the sick elephant, mahouts are foolish and light-hearted. Take the elephants and walk into the abyss. Chuan Escape Speaker of the House of Representatives Be warned to beware of words that are too sarcastic, then Amarat. Discussing the judicial budget, he said that the past expenditures have barely changed. The budget is indifferent to specific problems, especially the security budget, although the security threat has changed a lot, but the budget remains the same. In the 3rd era, the army declared war against Lazada. The law is not the law. Courts are not courts, independent organizations are dominated, so it takes a budget of hope that allows for justice reform, starting with the police. Prosecutors, courts, prisons, including the Electoral Commission's budget, this year's police budget of 115 billion baht, more than 70 percent of which is personnel or salary. The rest is a budget built with purchases. Build flats Only 10 percent of the public service budget is built. In addition, we do not need to have a forest police. Railway Police The tourist police are redundant because the police station is even more than necessary. Meanwhile, the Directorate of Internal Security (OIC) has to measure the success of the budget, whether one day sitting on io or raising chickens for the boss for the budget, the court must cancel all courses such as the W.P.O. B.S. Because we invested money to make the courts, the judiciary independent, but came back to organize a connection course, is it controversial? While the statements constitutional court He asked to be eliminated 100% because he did not understand the word reform and the word abolition, and he could not criticize it as a political court. He did not accept this court. This organization does not deserve to be called a court: "The aftermath of a coup 8 years ago destroyed this country in every way. The law has been smashed, destroyed, not ashamed of future generations. Don't be ashamed of your sins. The country's only hope is for new elections to change the country. The main agency that held the elections was the KMT, but there was no budget for the 2023 elections, or Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The prime minister thinks there will be no elections or that he is attracted to the bandits that he has done in 2014," Amarat said. A second warning to be careful with words. Asked where he was wrong, he was a robber of democracy. Will the President protect him? Does the President agree with the coup? Chuan then clarified that he was responsible for controlling the meeting in accordance with the regulations. Any wording that is too heavy, such as a thief, is not appropriate. There is no need to withdraw, but be warned that it is not appropriate, while Kanit Ngamsukhonratna, MP of The Pracharat Party, has risen to protest that the debaters have made slanderous remarks. He asked the president to order Amarat to withdraw his remarks because this government is elected by law. Finally, I would like to remind the panelists of the Thai proverb: "The accent is really a language, a modality." Amarat replied, "I don't count relatives with thieves." The discussions continued, with Amarat saying that the electoral model must be detailed in order to reduce the number of defective ballots and give all groups access to voting rights. Finally, note that the budget for participation in election observation was cut after the 2014 coup. The MINISTRY has created an election observation network organization to build public confidence. He cannot support this budget bill.
The court voted 8 to 1 to point to the Emergency Covid Control Act. It is unconstitutional.|The Constitutional Court convenes to discuss important cases. In the case of the Dusit District Court submitting the arguments of the defendants (Mr. Piyarat or Toto Jongthep) in Case No. 1762/2563 to ask the Constitutional Court to consider the constitutional decision under Article 212 that the Emergency Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations B.E. 2548, Section 9 (2) and Article 11 (6) is contrary or contradictory to article 26 of the Constitution, the Constitutional Court by a majority vote of 8 to 1 ruled that the Emergency Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations B.E. 2548, Section 9 (2) provides that in case of necessity to resolve the emergency situation to end quickly or prevent more serious incidents, the Prime Minister shall have the power to issue a provision prohibiting gatherings or gatherings at any place or to do anything that incites unrest, and Article 11 (6) provides that in the event of an emergency situation there is terrorism, the Prime Minister shall have the power to issue a provision prohibiting gatherings or gatherings at any place or doing anything that incites unrest, and Article 11 (6) provides that in the event of an emergency situation there is terrorism, the Prime Minister shall have the power to issue a provision prohibiting gatherings or gatherings at any place or to do anything that incites unrest, and Article 11 (6) provides that in the event of an emergency situation of terrorism, the Prime Minister shall have the power to issue a provision prohibiting gatherings or gatherings at any place or doing anything that incites unrest, and Article 11 (6) provides that in the event of an emergency situation of terrorism, the Prime Minister shall have the power to issue a provision prohibiting gatherings or gatherings at any place or doing anything that incites unrest, and Article 11 (6) of the Act provides that in the event of an emergency situation there is terrorism. The use of lethal force against life. Or there are reasonable grounds to believe that violent acts affect the security of the state. The safety of life or property of the state or individuals and the need to expedite the resolution of the problem to be effectively and timely for the Prime Minister. With the approval of the Council of Ministers, it has the power to declare a state of emergency as a serious situation and the Prime Minister has the power to declare no action or order to take any action as necessary for the security of the State. the safety of the country or the safety of the people; It is not contrary or contradictory to Article 26 of the Constitution.
"M.J. Chuljem" Governor Chatchachat Solve the problem of the "Polka Dot Army" canal strikes back strongly.|After Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok (Governor of Bangkok) Officially inaugurated on June 1, 2022. Jun 65) Facebook Chuljem Yukol of Chuljem Yukol University posted a message to the new Governor of Bangkok saying, "Mr. Chatchat, the water in the Saen Saep Canal smells bad and black again..........help me solve the problem in the past.  Mr. Chuljem Yukol has previously expressed criticism. Mr. Chatchat is ready to ask the people of Bangkok whether to choose the minions of the robbers to continue robbing Bangkok or to choose good people such as Sakonthi. Later, after the results of the election, Mr. Chuljem posted a message saying congratulations. Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, the new Governor of Bangkok I will wait for the "Nopparat Ratchathani" strategy in 9 areas, more than 200 policies, to develop Bangkok into "Udom Niwet Mahasthan". Since then, there have been many criticisms from netizens. Mr. Sombat Boongamonk Political activist Former Chairman of the Mirror Foundation Write a comment on the case on Facebook. Boongamonk He said that the issue of wastewater in the Bangkok Canal is very complicated in terms of management. When I read it, I found that the former governor had done well. I was wondering what to do or how to do canal water in Bangkok is both a rainwater receiving canal and wastewater from untreated households. The question is, has the former governor of Bangkok separated the sewage pipes, the answer is yes, and if not, why can the water quality change in the case of The Saen Saep Canal? Using water from Chao Phraya to purge sewage, the water in Khlong Phadung is of better quality than Khlong Saen Saep, and when Chatchachart just took office yesterday, Chul Anointed's nose could feel the difference in smell. In fact, the smell of anointing is not unusual, but it is likely to be a matter of brain activity that is biased against the governor.
Mongkolkit bets on the position of MP with the watermelon case won 4 famous lawyers Do not lay nails on the sailboat|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 2). Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, mp for The Thai Sriwilai Party, pressed for a press conference in response. Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan (Decha Lawyer) After submitting the case to Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiyves Chairman of the Anti-Corruption Commission The House of Representatives investigated the behavior because it considered it to be against ethics in order to vacate the position of MP that he did not want to use the persecution law against his opponents. If you don't stop making threatening comments, you need to talk directly because you know each other. Anyone who is found guilty can file a complaint, but the lawyer accuses him of being a brothel robber. Mr Mongkolkit said emotionally and took off his MP ID card and placed it on the podium at a press conference. If you are not afraid of being checked for qualifications, if you help the justice process improve, you are ready to trade because there are other people acting instead according to the ideology of the Thai Sriwilai Party. He insisted that he needed to continue to be an MP so that the suffering of the people he was caring for would pass well, and also left it to the 4 famous lawyers to see what they were doing and what he was doing, because he was trying to help Mae Melon in any way he could, but the 4 lawyers tried to suppress the judicial process and personally did not get angry to go to complain. Yes, you can. But regret it because it will be a waste of time to fight the case. Please don't lay sailboat nails. If this work is done, he will resign himself, and quote the poem of Sri philosopher to the 4 lawyers, saying, "This earth is a witness, we have a disciple, we have a teacher, we are wrong, we are 4-5 wrong, we like it, we are wrong, you come to wash the sword back." Mr. Wisapat Manomayrat's lawyer (San) who brought the audio clip of Bang Jack calling Lawyer Tui to open the show. By alluding to Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong The president of the Crime Victims Assistance Club and himself said the matter was assigned to a lawyer. Panyasit also prosecuted Tui's lawyer because it was clearly defamatory. Even in the stream node list. Tui's lawyers claim to have done so to help him and Mr. Genius after the audio clip was released. He hadn't spoken to him yet, but he still had confidence in Bang Jack that he wanted to help with the watermelon case without any money or hidden benefits, adding, "Bang Jack could be the one I sent to investigate that side."
"Chatchat" believes that within 1 month, it has concluded the green electric train, aiming to negotiate cheaper fares.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 2). Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok After attending a meeting with the management of Bangkok Thanakom Co., Ltd. to discuss the green line issue, he said that initially discussed the contract for the operation of the bus and the project to bring the communication line to the ground, the limit of 19 billion baht, which has not made much progress. Can't find a pipe tenant Construction has a wide budget, causing problems with earning money. Expected to be concluded within a month, the key issues of today's discussion are the background of private contracts until 2042 and the approval of the Bangkok Council. It must be reconsidered in conjunction with the relevant authorities. It is believed that it will be possible to negotiate for cheaper fares. Because the extension of the Green Line concession contract to 2602 is a very long extension. The Joint Venture Act for fares of 8 stations of 25 baht is considered a goal that needs to be studied urgently, but other related conditions must be considered as well, such as infrastructure debt that Bangkok has to pay. This must be discussed with the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration, the Ministry of Transport and the Land Traffic Management Committee (CCA) to issue ordinances to borrow money for debt"The difficulty of the green line problem is that the matter is not pending in Bangkok, so there is no right to give an opinion, depending on how the Cabinet will proceed. The new Governor of Bangkok Mr. Chatchat also said that the debt from the wages of the 1st and 2nd extensions is more than 40 billion baht, Bangkok Thanakom is gradually paying, do not take this as an expedited solution to the long-term problem. The concession contract, which expires in 2029 and will be renewed until 2602, is the opinion of the committee set up under Article 44. Mr. Chatchat said that everything is optional. We would like to ask for our own operation and return 40 billion in infrastructure debt because it is a heavy burden. Take the yellow and pink lines, for example, where the state pays back infrastructure, making it very affordable, while the private sector, which signals that it has to bear more than 600 million baht a month in debt. There are 3 parts: infrastructure debt, civil works, debt from E&M system that Bangkok Treasury hires privately, and transportation debt. The Governor concluded his remarks.
"Chada" vs. "Nattawut" The wrong queue to debate Draft Bill 66|The Coalition. There is a story in the middle of the House of Assembly "Chada" vs. "Nattawut". During the meeting of the House of Representatives to consider the draft budget expenditure bill for the fiscal year 2023, the amount of 3.185 trillion baht proposed by the Cabinet of Ministers (Cabinet) was the first agenda in the main floor to be the last day. On the 3rd day, clashes broke out after Chada Thaisert, mp for Uthai Thani, the Bhumjaithai Party. Discussion finished Nattawut Prasertsuwan Suphanburi MP, Thai Pattana Party rises up to protest Suchart Tancharoen The Deputy Speaker of the House, who presided over the meeting, said, "The Chairman is breaking Article 67 of the Meeting Regulations because the discussions have to be alternated and the debaters (Chada) are not named. He didn't like the second-class people, but he overtook the queue like this. Are you a first-class citizen, Mr. President, if you don't respect the regulations and don't respect the rules, it's going to be chaotic in this House? Mr. President, as the governing body of the regulations. You have to switch to fairness on both sides", causing Chada to rise up and ask for clarification, but Suchart clarified that Nattawut protested himself, and clarified to Nattawut, "You look at Article 68, because there are already two switches on each side, it is already the presidency. You can come up and see if there is a name for Shada. Nattawut said he already has a list of people on the list, both opposition and government. What would he think? He understood that the President may not know, but the Chairman had to warn against this happening in this House. This prompted Chada to immediately speak up about what he was involved in. Then Suchat reminded Chada and Nattawut to sit down. Because if he doesn't sit down, he will stand up, and then Suchart tells Nattawut that he wants to clear up that he came up with a list of panelists. Therefore, he is already acting in accordance with party regulations, so it is nothing. You're tight, we've got something to talk about. Then Suchart solved the situation by trying to bring it to the agenda for consideration by giving the inscription Sri-on. S.S. Chanthaburi The Thai Local Power Party continued the debate, during which Chada, along with a large group of Bhumjaithai Party MPs, walked from the front of the meeting room to the back of the meeting room to continue with Nattawut, shocking other MPs who were in the meeting room about what had happened. Nattawut picks up the phone and shows Chada that he is not listed in the order to be discussed. But Chada snatched the phone from Nattawut's hand and threw it away. Almost there was a punch, but Prapat Pothsuthon Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Mp for Suphanburi The Thai Pattana Party immediately intervened and removed Chada from the meeting room.
Budget 66 passes one agenda, "Anutin" hugs "Warawut", slams the cracks in the ruling coalition party.|After the vote on the 2023 budget bill, the amount was 3.185 trillion baht. On June 3, 2022, by a vote of 278 to 194, 2 abstained and 72 commissioners were appointed to consider the bill. Former Leader of the New Generation Democrat Party nominated as Commissioner (KMT) In proportion to the far-right party, Ruangkrai Leekitwattana, a former lawmaker of the Pheu Thai Party, is kmth. And there are 30 days to change at 1.35 a.m. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence thanked everyone who followed. At the same time, please understand the principles and reasons, as well as the necessities and circumstances involved in making budgeting difficult enough. However, it is hoped that in considering the Extraordinary General Class for the opinions and observations that the members have discussed. I'll leave it to you. The Committee shall consider and review the details of the Budget Act to be more thorough and to benefit the people as intended. He also insisted that there was an urgent need to increase the budget when asked if he felt comfortable with the outcome of the vote. Because the support for the bill was greater than the number of MPs on the government side, the Prime Minister said thank you and feel comfortable that the day went well. It shows that many MPs understand. At the same time, he has to admit that there are many others who still do not understand, which he may try not to understand, but he can accept them all. Thank you to the heads of all political parties for supporting the work of the government so that together we can lead our Nava, Thailand, to be able to pass through the monsoon. It took us a lot of time to recover and I assure you that the government will take the best care of all the people when asked by reporters: Can today's vote reflect the impending distrust of the government? At 1:40 a.m., Anutin Charnveerkul, deputy prime minister and health minister, as the head of the Bhumjaithai Party, said in an interview that Uthai Thani MP Chada Thaisert had been arrested. There was a quarrel with Nattawut Prasertsuwan. Suphanburi MP of the Thai Pattana Party during the debate said there was nothing on the side of Warawut Silpa-acha. Minister of Natural Resources and Environment The chairman of the Policy and Strategy Committee of the Thai Pattana Party said he was not present at the event because he was sitting on the throne. The timing is a little wrong.  When asked about the incident, Warawut said there was no such thing. Some people report the news as if they were in the event. He hadn't seen it yet, but nothing. We've already talked. The people dispersed. Nothing, it's normal when asked if there will be a rift between the ruling coalition parties. Warawut said there were no reporters on his way back from parliament. Anutin jumped into Warawut's hug, showing that there were no cracks between the ruling coalition parties.
Si Suwan Beautiful! Sorry for using offensive words. The knot sings a campaign sign.|Si Suwan Apologize for using offensive words in response to social media. Knot bellowed. (3) The MINISTRY will continue to investigate the state authority. Mr. Srisuwan Charaya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Defenders Association, posted a "sorry" Facebook post after earlier using harsh words in response. In case of filing a complaint with the Election Commission To investigate "Chatchachat Sitthani", the Governor of Bangkok. On the issue of campaign signs, it states, "Dear all, I've reviewed the messages I've made. Post it. If any wording is inappropriate. Undeserved. I apologize and apologize to all my dear brothers and sisters, but I will continue to investigate the actions of government officials who may be unlawful with greater care. Next from Srisuwan "And the complaints about the campaign sign of the Governor of Bangkok have caused a lot of criticism, especially leading to the creation of a campaign in https://www.change.org to sign impeachment. Mr. SRISUWAN Jaraya resigned from his post due to the actions of the Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association, Mr. Srisuwan. Many people disagreed, with more than 1.7 lakh signatures already signed.
A.J.S.A. There are thousands of doctors pushing to unpack the GT200.|"A long way to go". Spent more than 7 million to inspect the GT200 machine. Repeatedly rubbed There are thousands of Dr. Ph.D. pushed to join the world band yesterday (June 2, 2022) at 8.50 pm. S.S. Chachoengsao The party went further. Discussions about the use of the Ministry of Defense budget, which did not appear in the budget document, were discussed at the end of March. The Army has entered into a contract worth 7,570,000 baht for the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA). Went to check 757 GT200 explosives detectors, 10,000 baht each. It's a wooden clearing of the earth, and when you look inside, it's just empty and black plastic box with shrimp tentacles pointing at it. Until today, the lawsuit has not been concluded, and when he tried to obtain detailed information on the GT200 inspection contract from the Army and the NSTDA, he was asked to provide the company with the necessary information. He wondered if the Ministry of Defense had used tax money to help a few generals involved in the GT200 procurement 14 years ago to escape the case, because the P.P.C. recently resolved that it could not identify the offense. The price is 10,000 baht per piece. All 757 pieces for nothing, because the whole world knows nothing inside. The Ministry of Defense has spent so much money on the cost of prying a box of 14 small knots for 10 thousand baht, asking for clarification because the villagers are waiting to hear. If he hadn't read the budget document carefully, he wouldn't have noticed that it wasn't in last year's budget document. Therefore, I am afraid that this year I will secretly use the budget again and I would like to advise the Prime Minister to read the budget document that he has approved, so that I can talk to him about why to read the magazine of home decoration and landscaping. A lecturer in the Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University and a science communicator released a Facebook post. Jessada Denduangboripant states: "In addition to frustrating the Army, which has been deceived once and for all, it also comes to find out about the budget with the scammers. The gt200 is also surprising that the organization has There are thousands of people like the NSTDA. How to get the machine with him, know that every machine is an empty plastic can, the sheep look inside, there is nothing, why waste time checking one machine at a time? Unless you take a few million. In exchange for the reputation of the organization and the Thai scientific industry. Brother Sukit (मिनि Director of NSTDA. Sukit Limpijumnong followed this story as well. If you're joining the GT200, it's the GT200. It's amazing, it's all about making money. I've been collecting it for 14 years and I'm still trying to make money. 2nd ed. The GT200 machine doesn't even need a screwdriver because it doesn't tighten the screw nut, just two pieces of plastic, sandwiching the antenna and the hinge itself." Remove the screwdriver. It doesn't tighten the nut with the inside, it's hollow. There is only a spirit, the Army does not have to hire a NSTDA. Tens of thousands of baht each to waste the budget from the people's taxes. P.S. Production cost less than 100 baht Hire 10,000 baht per sheep. Better spend money on socks, underwear, and recruits."
Wade to remove the association of "Sri Suwan". Sloppy complaints because they get money.|"Seripisut" wading to remove the association "Srisuwan" The complaint was sloppy because he got money, and the "S.S.T." was accused of being a brothel robber, respected like a father. In the case of "Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temiyaves", the authority of "Lawyer Anantchai Chaidej" to submit a letter to the Director-General of the Department of Administrative Affairs to revoke the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations After netizens launched a campaign through Change.org inviting people to vote to remove Mr. Srisuwan Charaya from his post as secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association. In case of complaint to the Election Commission About the campaign banner of Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok The 17th person, including the case of "Lawyer Decha Kittiwittayanan", has complained to Mr. Seripisut, claiming that he was threatened by "Thee Mongkolkit" on June 3, 2022, hosted by "Young Korachai Genesis Ploy", produced on behalf of Dee Night Dee One Co., Ltd., airing every Monday - Friday at 12.35 p.m. on Channel 3, press number 33. What will the House of Representatives do next with both cases, have you seen? Mr. Srisuwan posted earlier when Mr. Chatchat had just been given the title of Maj. Gen. Seripisut: I saw and saw it a long time ago. There's always going to be a lot of singing. The vignettes continued to sloppy, and then he admitted to confessing that he had no profession, but went to complain, maybe he gave 3 thousand 5 thousand, who gives? He relied on Sri Suwan, he was going to say that Sri Suwan went to sing for him. Someone gave 3 thousand 5 thousand and then someone went to sing for him? Who did he tell him about the trouble? He managed it all, but he didn't demand money, but people paid him 3 thousand and 5 thousand. You don't have to make a living, it's just like that. This afternoon, the news will be 1.38 million people in Bangkok. Tinsel tinkers bent as millipede earthworms on a pile of fire ashes. I don't know if he's or ho. At that time, the KGB had not endorsed Mr. Chatchat, he had posted this one. How do you look?, Pol. Gen. Seripisut: What are you going to sing about? Mr. Srisuwan is not a politician. He doesn't know the truth about keeping clean and tidy. Collecting banners is a matter for politicians, whether it is an MP or a candidate for governor of Pattaya, as you already know that if you are finished, you don't have to collect it, waste time, cost. The people around him kept each other. Our home, like the poor, is very numerous. When he finished his mission, he went to make some house lids, some roofs. Regularly make some bathroom doors. I went wherever I saw it. Therefore, Mr. Srisuwan should find out what to do, not vignettes, a little bit, is there a petition to the house?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Only Mr. Srisuwan came to sing to me, but no one came to call me to deal with him, he saw that there was a lawsuit? I don't know what it is. Singing me invaded the River Kwai Noi, both illegal, unethical. If Srisuwan is going to check the truth before he goes to sing, he will find that my story has been verified. Since Mr. Sundarvej became prime minister more than 10 years ago, when people cried, it was like society was like this. My land on the River Kwai Noi was eroded. So if you let it go, it keeps eroding, we go and ask permission to the port owner to dump the rocks along the district, and where is the district? Take the original owner of the land, say this boundary line, ok according to this, okay, when I agree to this, I reclaim the rock. I didn't do it myself, I was a contractor who did it, during the process he came to check, I finished checking, I finished because it passed. The porter changed people, took the GPS and checked it. When I landed, I looked at it with my eyes. We don't have a camera here, I took a GPS camera to check that I was too reclamation 1 rai, I was 40 rai, I was too reclamation, 1 rai, if I sorted along the river 300 meters more than it was a little bit. Besides singing to me, I find that I am unethical again, Mr. Srisuwan does not even know that the ethics applied to politicians in '62, it was born in '52, and then I transferred it to my children. It's not related anymore, so I sued Mr. Srisuwan, how do you know that Mr. Srisuwan picked up 3 thousand 5 thousand and went to sing him? He said it himself. I still doubt him. You do it on behalf of the Thai Constitution Protection Association. In an association, there must be a chairman, there is a vice president, there is a director. There is a secretary. If he did it on this behalf, did he get a resolution from the meeting, or did he do it himself? Although he resolved from the meeting to do it. Any income must go to the association, there must be a report of the accounts of various assets, there must be an audit. I believe that there is no such thing as a case now?, Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Sued a long time ago. The court postponed, feeling that it would come next month, and then filed a lawsuit. I preached that I sued a lot of people as well, who came to see me, so I sued Srisuwan for 10 million to get some income to feed the poor. I made 10 million almshouses? He took 3 thousand and 5 thousand as he said?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: My reputation is more than that, not to play the last time, Anantchai announced that he would make the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association disappear. Is this going to be removed?, Gen. Seripisut: I know, I told Anantchai. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Check out the detailed information, the story is like this, sing like this, his history is like this. Where does the money go in and out of the account? Why not the association report, the association annual audit report? There is no such thing. I feel Anantchai is going to file this Monday some sri suwan story. He cried out for a reason, how do you look? Get in front of the mat and keep screaming. It doesn't matter. Light hungry type, he told him, was not light-hungry. He already has a light in him? He came to the interview, didn't know what to show with my lawyer, was unspeakable. Oops, mr. Korrachai, go open it, I was taught by my lawyer that I was dumb about this, you withdrew the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations. Lieutenant-Colonel: Exactly. But the officials, he took another story, but the issues can be collapsed because of corruption, the latest he apologized to the Thai people?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Go scold him for being a millipede and come out to apologize, why did he conclude that he did not prudently apologize to him? Why apologize to him because he's going to sue? Is this a confession? I have already contacted Si Si, but you are not comfortable with phone in. Did you say that the house was sick?, Maj. Gen. Seripisut: Yes, I have found my lawyer. I thought I'd come to see him during the break, and I got a line from DJ Kendo saying that he had interviewed Srisuwan. There is a voice about income when someone comes to sing, it is exactly as you said that do not demand money, make it free, perhaps the villagers gather to give 2-30 thousand, if making a general case, about 50 thousand baht, there is no reclaim. The villagers asked how much you would take, we said to make it free, but if you are kind, then Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Do it on behalf of the association, why not join the association? He went ahead with the impeachment of the Thai Constitution Defenders Association?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Of course, one more thing. The lawyer asked him yesterday. On the issue of Te Mongkolkit mp that the te mp like calling to intimidate, he said so. He said he just called to warn him not to do this at all. If you do this, you'll be scared. If you don't stop dating, you will go to the 3rd court in the southern border provinces. Before I came to sing, I listened to clips that were on TV, and I couldn't hear what I was playing. This way, it can't be warned, it's intimidating him, just listen to Mr. Rambo with a clip coming out and telling him to joke. How's your boyfriend doing? But this is nonsense. I'm not joking. Pol. Gen. Seripisut: I'm an MP, I am, he is, what is his job, look at the regulations. It is responsible for meeting the council and then solving the problems for the people. The village lacks roads. This village is flooded, and when the post is completed, it is sent to the ministers of various ministries for him to fix. The duties of the MPs are just this. MPs have no duty to act because we are legislators, he said, to help the people. The society wants to know?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: This one interferes with the work of the government. Do you remember the President of the Supreme Administrative Court in the position of the President, the Secretary had a letter to the Department requesting the appointment of a civil servant to be appointed by the examination committee to intervene with him? He was heartbroken. MPs are more than intervening. If you have any evidence, let the authority do it, not like this, go to the court, violate the court's authority, go to jail, don't have to take any exams. There's no need to investigate anything. S.S.T. He said he was an MP. He may have done some right and some wrong, but he did it for the people. Did he say that? Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Everything is done this way and claims this way, this kind of person, hungry for light as well. I don't know if you're looking for benefits. Look at Aung Yi. den I'm sorry, sir (raise your hand). Pol. Maj. Gen. Seripisut: There is a charge here, if all the elements of the offense are included, what cannot be done? 209 He said that if 10 or more people conspire to cause bodily harm or harm to the life and property of others, that is an offense of arson. Brothel robbers, it's said here. If dacha goes anywhere, there are 76 provinces, so be careful, like Decha's lawyer himself, he also said that the next corpse is S.S. Te, the next corpse is not a threat either? In order to bring the facts to the commissioners, we have a duty to ensure fairness, why did you come to sing because you saw me having this duty? Why didn't he go to the Tourism Commissioner because he didn't have a duty, I had this duty to look at the senators? Come on, but I'll offer an opinion. What's wrong with that? Are you worried now? There was a lawyer on the side of the dacha to sing, and then I talked to Mr. Seripisut, he said that there were some things that went in as well. I tried to ask if the lawyer said the next corpse was official. He said that the TTE must come and sing as well. How does this look?: Normally, he has the right to sing me, but I have to look at the facts. In detail what the origin of the event was, because I had already explained that before Dacha called me. I have posted an assignment for Krishna's lawyer to prosecute Dacha under the Criminal Code. Defamation charges, many agendas, and lawyer etiquette, it appears that Decha's lawyer called Krishna's lawyer, and Krishna called me to clear it, I called, I didn't answer, and for a while you called, so there was a clip there.  I had to talk because I knew each other. Having known each other for years. We need to talk. Because we don't want to prosecute people who know each other, but we have to understand this case is an important case, and his mother came to the party to help with the case, which has been the policy of the party since the establishment of this political party since the year 61. So it's party policy to do, and it's been a campaign policy since last time. The party has a duty to heal the suffering of the people, not just in parliament, as well as MPs who share the same multidimensional duties. So what if MPs can't do anything? In addition to the council meeting only. When we go to distribute rice, we intervene in the Ministry of Interior, right?  When we distribute medicines, we intervene with the Ministry of Public Health. It has a rather deep meaning, depending on the individual, and the sensitivity and the problems of the people are different. If we don't have the knowledge, we don't know the problem, we will bring the problem to the solution. Directing and guiding the government to fix it on the spot and how to make the right laws. As for his complaint, I cried because I didn't get a complaint in just one case, and I filed it with the PA, and he filed it, and I was ready to go to justice to investigate, guilty, guilty, guilty, but very wrong, less wrong, moderately wrong, another matter. I don't know who to sing because Mr. Decha is not an MP, I'm not sure who to sing, I will come to sing to Gen. Seripisut, it is not worthy of authority because it is an outsider, not a government official. When I'm going to the lawyers' council, it's like I'm bullying him, it's not ideal, it's like I'm exercising my authority as a representative. Government officials bullied him at the Lawyers' Council, which is not the case. But go to the brothel robbers?? If you say Aung Yi, a brothel robber, it seems too much, because I don't have that kind of behavior. I never killed anyone, and I never ordered the killing of anyone, only protecting our people. We're just defending a 67-to-68 woman who has high blood pressure and is the only plaintiff to get justice for watermelon. If his mother can't do it at will, then who will do it? Instead of helping each other out, let's make this case straightforward, which we'll see next week. I've consulted his mother, and he may reveal a picture of his daughter's body next week on his own, which he won't sue anyone. He would give a look at the condition of his daughter's corpse, who had drowned. It's like this, I talked about it this morning, and this document is definitely going to go to court. The drafters, together with the team of the genius brother, helped each other according to the evidence they had, and then other witnesses in the 1st district said that it was negligent, we did not say anything, different people have different opinions, must understand that according to the Criminal Code, since 1934, amended twice, 2005 is an outdated law. No checks and balances Otherwise, the term poor go to jail, rich people or there is a line out of jail, will it be seen until now? I've never been a civil servant before, but I understand that in the bureaucracy it's really exploitative. Government officials have every section of the law. Just don't use one section to punish people. Convert it into money now. If people had never been full-fledged citizens like me, I wouldn't have understood. I understand what it is. So what I did. Next week I proposed an amendment to the Criminal Investigation Bill, which was completed by yesterday's MPs. I saw it in an interview at a press conference and I was crying. MP: It's uncomfortable, like I got punched left, punched right, kicked hook, like I got hit, and the heaviest handed over to him, not so much, but when I came to hand him over, he was an adult that I respect. When Mr. Seri came to say that I had behaved as a brothel robber, I collapsed. I'm a thief, and I don't know how to look at both sides of my behavior first. You have to look at the data first. Since becoming an MP I've never carried a gun in congress. I'm not going to slap anyone with the position of Inspector General of Police?, Gen. Seripisut: No, we have a duty to investigate government officials. All ministries I called it all, even the Prime Minister. I called the constitution, and Mr. Prawit called. Now I called Mr. Prawit to be in charge of procurement at the National Sq. Office when he was in charge of the National Sq. Office. We called for questioning, and if we assumed anything wrong, we sent it to the PA for criminal prosecution. If you're a politician, you're ethical. If you are a civil servant, if you are not disciplined, just send it to the Ministry of Corrections and if you are not wrong, you must inform the Chairman of the Council, must it end at you? Is he guilty of disciplinary action, or is he not wrong, and then proposes to the Chairman of the Council to send it to various departments? Going to help people who say people are in trouble. Take things to help. During COVID, I spent over a million baht on my salary to take care of my people. The poor, the poor, do it all. General Prayuth also donated only two hundred and three hundred thousand. We can help with this, but don't intervene. I've already warned him not to intervene when he calls it unconstitutional. The fact that the police are already investigating the case, you intervene with him. It's wrong. He didn't know. If you know, come and sing me, and I'll get hit by another person who says this might be the case. Brothel robbers, but MPs say he never killed anyone. This word seems too heavy for him?, Pol. Gen. Seripisut: It's an accusation, right? Look at Section 209 of the Criminal Code, it's in the composition, but if you investigate, then there's an opinion on the prosecution, not the prosecution, that's another matter. It's like burglary, running around like anything. If you enter the composition, you have to report the allegations. Is there enough evidence to say he never killed anyone? I said I used to shoot bandits, shoot communists a lot. He said that he would give justice to both sides?? It's just that I'm ready to clarify the review process. I'm a man. I made a mistake, I admit guilt. I never escaped trouble, and I insisted that I wasn't an Aung Yi. den  Take it easy. I've never killed anyone, never shot anyone, but as a teenager there was a normal fight, but I never hired anyone, if I was going to do it myself, like I was at the council, if I did it myself, there was only a quarrel, doing it alone, he wasn't called Aung Yi. den He called having an affair between a man and a man when talking to each other and then being dissatisfied with each other, it was between a man and a man, not 5 people, 10 or more. There was no hiring wan, never had. I insisted with manhood. If I'm not happy with anyone, I'll be honest, what do I want to tell you? I've never bitten anyone. I never ordered anyone to shoot, never ordered anyone to stomp on anyone, and never killed anyone. I'm not a brothel. If you tell me, I'm a gangster. I admit that MPs have said that if they succeed, they will resign. Pol. Gen. Seripisut: At least I can help my mother until she can file a direct indictment under Section 290 of the Criminal Code for assault by using wounds on this spot. If the court accepts the case, the hearing is over. I'm satisfied with the supreme court's decision, and I'm satisfied with the supreme court's decision, and I propose two laws to the council. In the end, I wouldn't have to give you the freedom to act on me. I have enough common sense. If I make a mistake, I admit guilt. I'm not saying I'm all right, but in me, my body, in my heart. I firmly believe that I have more good than bad. Even if I'm 10-20 percent wrong, I'm not a bad person. I'm fair to everyone. When you dacha, he is in trouble. He came to me. If you're going to clarify, that's it. I've never been fair, I'm frankly everything, when does the audit have to start?, Gen. Seripisut: I've packed it, the agenda is the 16th, this month, is it fast? There is a consideration of the matter, the MP will invite Mr. Decha to clarify, because at that time he only had a book. Do I have to clarify the details, is it more than in the book, and then invite the people involved? Let's assume there are witnesses or documents. The witnesses came, and they invited Mongkolkit to come in, which the dacha said was the next corpse. No problem, MP: I can't complain to him because he's not a government official. Follow the law. LIEUTENANT COLONEL: Yes, sir, I respect you like a father, Gen. Seripisut: Hey, don't be a dad, I'm old (laughs). Just a thank you very much. You're free, I respect you see watermelon. It's not an issue that MPs have to do. When he finished, he sent it to the prosecutor. Whether there is an opinion of the prosecution or not the prosecution depends on the evidence. If you see that the police officer is wrong, you can come and ask me that the police officer is acting improperly, or take the evidence to the lawyer to fight the case in court. It's outside the role of an MP, have you ever raised your ears to an MP? Yesterday he sat down with me. I picked up the card and threw it to the secretary. I don't see anything here (laughs), I still respect me. MPs don't say anything. Yesterday I came. Yesterday came, don't talk about the details at all (laughs). He didn't just know, he used to be a member of my party when he was elected in '62, both his wife and wife, but before the election, he resigned to form his own party. I try to remind my brother all the time to stay within the age frame. Do not interfere with the work of civil servants. I told him a long time ago, he still came to thank me, it's not this story, but this story hasn't been told yet (laughs) about Brother Srisuwan?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: Petition for removal of the association, and he is also illegal. Now we know that we did not enter, but we did not go to take the evidence from the S.S.T.A. that the lawyers had come to sing. Stick to the straightforward principle. On June 16, there will be a meeting of this agenda?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: The council meeting, I wrote the agenda, how do you know because I packed it myself before you defeated it? In the past, bank robbers Locked up as a hostage, I went in and fired. I've never been shot, when I cracked down on communist terrorists, I didn't know who it was. There must be a lot of tactics, if poop his subordinates shoot the pate for him, must be ready to hang anything?Pol. Gen. Seripisut: But before hanging but later all the other people were gone, then the governor somporn the plane crashed, we visited him, but he did not die. We visited him, he was in tears, so we took off the monks.
Governor Chatchat kayaking to collect garbage in the Chao Phraya River On World Environment Day|Today (June 5, 2022), Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, presided over a campaign to collect garbage in the Chao Phraya River and plant trees on the occasion of World Environment Day. Mr. Chatchat said that according to the United Nations (UN), June 5 of every year is World Environment Day. This year is a campaign concept under the theme #OnlyOneEarth As it is known that in the galaxy there are billions of stars. But the world has one, so we have to keep it. So he talks about Only One Bangkok, which is that there is only one Bangkok, there is only one district, and then the community can be subdivided because it is something that is more relevant to our lives. To pass on the environment to the children who are still living in Bangkok today. The goal is that by 2030, carbon dioxide and greenhouse gas emissions must be reduced to net zero, and the policy to plant 1 million trees must be completed within 4 years. Bangkok led reporters by reporters about the policy approach to reducing carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases to zero. Mr. Chatchat said that the concept of clearing greenhouse gases to zero is achieved. Bangkok must cooperate with public organizations as greenhouse gas organizations by at least 2030. Bangkok must be zero by managing 4 factors in Bangkok: 1. Transportation that accounts for 30%, so Bangkok is an example of reducing the use of internal swords by using clean energy and promoting the electric train ecosystem. In the future, there is a plan to separate waste so that waste is kept to a minimum. Wastewater treatment in the canal Which the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok has the idea of installing grease traps in the community along with making wastewater treatment ponds with 4. The goal of 1 million trees in 4 years will require cooperation from the private sector and all sectors, such as making Sunday a tree planting day in order to create green spaces in accordance with the 15-minute park policy. Mr. Chatchat released a convoy of 50 garbage collection boats and then went on red kayak no. 05 to survey the garbage in the Chao Phraya River for more than 30 minutes. The public informed Mr. Chatchat that yesterday (June 4) there was still garbage because the governor had come and there was no garbage. He said, "It's okay. There's no garbage today, so we'll take care of it."
Governor Chatchachart holds the first meeting of Bangkok's executives to reiterate the fight against corruption in the agency|Today (June 6, 2022) at 09.00 a.m., Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok Hanakorn. Presided over the Meeting of the Bangkok Executive Committee The meeting was attended by Bangkok executives and related agencies at the War Room, 35th floor, Thani Nopparat Building. Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Today, there are 4 agenda items, namely that the Governor of Bangkok said after the meeting that today is the first meeting of the Bangkok Executive Committee, consisting of 4 agenda items, the first of which is the COVID-19 situation. Currently, the situation has eased. More measures have been relaxed. Vaccination rates The risk rate is nothing to worry about. Soon it was back to normal life. The removal of masks will be considered at another meeting of the B.E.C., which is close to removing masks in public, but still has to follow intensive measures, including talks about smallpox. Based on the numbers, there is no contagion of the disease, which is different from COVID-19. The second issue is that the 2023 budget must be completed within the next week and sent to the Bangkok Council for consideration, some of which have already been implemented. Money is not spent during this period. We don't intend to spend a lot of money," Governor Chatchachart reiterated the third issue: strategy. 214 plans that we have already worked on The Office of Strategy and Evaluation analyzed Our plan is quite in line with the policy that Bangkok is implementing. Most of them can do it at all. Any agency that already has this part of the budget can use it. There are several corresponding projects. As for projects that do not have a budget, it may have to be packaged in 2023, but some things can start right now, today we have a policy of zero-based budgeting, which is to do budgeting from a zero base. Today was invited. Asst.Prof.Dr.Vilasini Wongkaew Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy, Chulalongkorn University Came to explain to the management to be on the same page It is considered to be the beginning of one of the policies that we have already proposed This week is about the concentration and preparation of the budget 2023 Story 4 It is about the preparation of wastewater treatment that will go into the canal That there are many communities along the canal And many communities have discharged wastewater or fat into the canal Which is one of the causes of wastewater Formation There is an idea that we will start to do more wastewater treatment in the community area. The Budget Office proposed the project. Because it would be difficult to wait for the total wastewater treatment to be completed within 11 years, more on-site needs to be done to increase water quality in both Khlong Prem Phaeng, Khlong Lat Phrao and Khlong Saen Saep first. This afternoon, after the Bangkok Council meeting, the executives will visit the Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand). There is an order for the management of all bureaus. All district offices to explore vulnerabilities within the agency. Propose a solution to corruption, what is the idea, where is the loophole? Bring it together with us to create a consolidated plan to make the agency more transparent. "The agency has to admit itself first, to know where the problem is, and then let's help each other solve it, leave it as homework for everyone to help each other, I think it's important to give it a week," Governor Chatchat said at the end.
Go ahead and win all party MPs. Marriage Equality Vote The inscription is history.|The far-right party published a letter on its website on Tuesday (June 7). To my fellow members of the House of Representatives (MPs) All political parties Call for a vote to approve a draft amendment to the Civil and Commercial Code on Marriage to give couples of all sexes equal rights to marry. "For political parties and politicians, we invite our fellow representatives from all political parties to vote for this bill." The party went further. "Not to benefit a particular group of people, but to create a society where everyone is more equal. Not being discriminated against by unfair laws, which is the main function of the legislative work of the House of Representatives." MPs choose to be on the right side of history. Because everything that is decided will be recorded in the pages of the history of the draft amendment to the law, known as marriage equality. The bill was last introduced in the House of Representatives several months ago but has not yet been considered, and the government has asked for the bill to be studied for a period of 60 days and is scheduled to be considered again on Wednesday (June 8). Along with the draft amendments to the marriage law, amid the watchful eye of internet users and those who support the rights of LGBTQ+.
Mingkwan announces preparations to form a new political party called "Chance Thai"|Mr. Mingkwan Sangsuwan The former member of the House of Representatives (MP) and former deputy prime minister said on Wednesday (June 8) that he was preparing to form a political party called "Chance Thai". The pink part refers to modernity and soft power, this movement came after Mr. Mingkwan resigned as an MP earlier this year because he sees that the status quo politics does not solve the country's problems and also makes the few rich people happy while many people do not get the opportunity. But when coupled with the current administration, Thailand is in more "distress" than many other countries. Today, behaviors we have never encountered. You may not follow or follow, as I see it. Can you believe that there are a lot of young people walking in the provinces? Why did he lose his job? He doesn't have a job, the best stronghold is to return to his homeland. "The government has a duty to manage, manage and deal with crises and solve problems for people to live well and be happy, or at least not as corrupt as they are today." So why are we suffering like this?" he said as deputy prime minister and had previously controlled commercial administration. At the time, he faced a high price of crude oil in the West Texas market of $150 per barrel, but retail oil prices in Thailand were not as high as they are today, when the price of crude oil in that market was only $118 per barrel. He said he was still working to find a solution for the country in terms of economy, both in the big picture and in the small picture. He said he will be the party's leader and will be the prime minister in the next election for reasons of not working with other political parties. Mingkwan said other parties have different interests, but their party primarily wants to solve economic problems. For Thai people to live well, eat well first.
A government spokesman said the prime minister had been doing it since the 60s.|"Government spokesman" livestreamed "Prime Minister" to the area not for the first time, won't compare "Chatchachart" because everyone's target is the people. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It revealed a case in which internet users criticized satirical criticism of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense plagiarized the live broadcast of the mission to the opening of Tha Chang-Sathorn Pier "SMART PIER SMART CONNECTION". Track traffic problems at the Traffic Police Division This morning, he said that the live broadcast was conducted through the Thai Khu Fah page, which is the page of the government agency, namely the Spokesperson's Office, the Prime Minister's Secretariat, which is already responsible for publicizing government news and the Prime Minister's mission. International meetings and visits Therefore, the press conference on various occasions is not plagiarism in any way. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office However, in addition to the live broadcast of the prime minister's mission. The Thai Couple Fah page also presents government news. The Prime Minister often invites the Cabinet to send information to the Thai Couple Fah page and invites people to follow the news from the page frequently because the content is modern, reliable and useful. Mr. Thanakorn said.
Proactively adjust PR! Uncle Pom appointed "Niroth" to sit as the spokesperson for the head of the Pracharat Party.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 8). At 12.00 p.m., Mr. Niroth Suntorn, Secretary, Nakhon Sawan Pracharat Power Party (PDP) and Chairman of the Ruling Coalition Coordinating Committee (Government Whip) "This morning," he said. He was assigned by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister, as head of the Pracharat Party, informally appointed to the position. "Spokesperson for the Head of the Phalang Pracharat Party" to be the main function of adjusting the communication of the party's work in various aspects, including the overall picture of the Phalang Pracharat Party to the public, which the party chief intends to proactively adjust, especially in the public relations of the party, in order to prepare for the upcoming elections. As the party's spokesperson, he will hold an official press conference on the proactive work model as well as the paradigm shift in the party's PR work. On June 9 at 11:00 a.m. at the Pracharat Party office.
"No one is mentally retarded to take the vaccine." Reiterate, the COVID situation has improved.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 8). Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, together with the management team, attended the event "Meet the Press: Move on from COVID, Live with Confidence". The number of infections or deaths continues to decline. New cases are below 3,000 per day and deaths are below 30 per day for the past three weeks as a result of the public's cooperation in following the ministry's recommendations. Thank you very much, today is the time for us to communicate more about preparing people to adapt their lifestyles to endemic diseases. This does not mean that the severity of the disease is reduced. It's just a disease that has to be with us, and we're going to have to live with it. We have an understanding of how to behave safely. Although we have many people who have not been vaccinated, which is a problem that is accelerating the campaign for those who do not accept the vaccine to continue to receive the vaccine, but the importance is the media and the news that helps to understand that getting the vaccine correctly reduces symptoms, reduces losses, is a factor that helps to control the disease effectively. Now, the 2U measures are to prevent infection, social distancing and hand washing. Of course, we don't dictate you to put it on or off, but we just need to understand the individual situation. If you're in a risky location, you can wear a mask, depending on the assessment of the situation at this point because you've been fully vaccinated. Thailand has vaccinated its citizens in accordance with World Health Organization standards. This causes widespread immunity. There are all kinds of vaccines, including lethal, viral vectors, mRNA, protein subunits, all of which have the benefit and effect of preventing disease at different times. People who are vaccinated have immunity, making them less likely to be harmed by COVID. If the immune system falls, then inject booster needles, which is the main principle that makes it possible to provide enough vaccines to all Thais. Some people say that they take it as garbage, take it to other people's homes. Confirm that it's not garbage in the house to the outdoors, it's gold, it's something worth putting in our network. For services to the public. No one is mentally retarded enough to throw away the vaccine. Vaccines are valuable, they should be in people's bodies to keep them safe. Reduce the risk of infection Significantly reduces the risk of severe symptoms. It reduces the risk of death. This is the effect of vaccines, and it can't do these good things to humans. Therefore, we would like people to understand this together first. If people in the house don't understand the same, it's hard to explain to the people what they do as ministers. I would like to reiterate that the Ministry has arranged medicines, medical supplies to take care of the people, and is a good and effective medicine. There's no such thing as yuan. Choose medicines to cure everyone's illness. Vaccines help prevent infections and reduce the chance of loss, thanks to the power of the people and all WHO, member states in various parties, including APEC, ASEAN, leading institutions from around the world, all praise Thailand and Thai people, who must try to understand each other. Health Matters People's Life Administrative matters in the Ministry of Health If that's not right, there's no bargaining. We said, we're going to be endemic, but it's got to be a lot of things on the same page. A post on his Facebook page late today said it had been an issue for a week. Yesterday evening, there was a positive signal from the MINISTRY to change the allocation guidelines, both of which were formed by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health. Dr. Kiatphum Wongrajit, a rural medical club and a network of local health professions, would like to thank the practitioners for their meaningful comments. The issue of ordering more vaccines than necessary is the cause of this phenomenon. Rural doctors will continue to follow up.
The House of Representatives voted in favour of the principle.|A bill that unlocks rules for making it easier for people and small entrepreneurs, also known as progressive liquor, was approved by a majority of the House of Representatives in its first session on Wednesday night (June 8). With 178 votes to 137 and 15 abstentions, the progressive liquor bill proposed by the Bangkok Congress was rejected. The party went further. Mr. Thanpipop Lim painter et al. last went to the House of Representatives for a hearing earlier this year, but the Cabinet asked for it to be studied 60 days before the resolution was voted against or dropped back into the House of Representatives on Wednesday (June 8). Mr. Anucha Nakasai Ministers of the Prime Minister's Office Citing concerns from government agencies that easier liquor making could affect public health and quality control, many opposition and government MPs have opposed the remarks. He argued that opening up liquor production more easily would be good for the wider economy. The Pracharat Party said the observations of government agencies reflected a way of thinking that was not up-to-date. The public is unprofitable, especially the younger generation who want to produce liquor such as craft beer. The state needs to improve its way of thinking to keep up with the world," and the president saw it like me. What country liquor is as bad as Thai liquor? Minister, oh, that's good. Do you eat Thai liquor, I just ask, do you eat down, do you eat down?" I speak for the younger generation, whom I know. Some of my friends' children. He makes beer and makes liquor. He's done it exquisitely, Mr. President, it's been going on for a long time, and he's hoping to make it a favorite of the people.""People like the earth are good, or people like my friend's children are good, he runs a small brewery, he does it with love. He wants to do quality things out to the people. Believe me, the law or the concerns of the older generation, whether it's the Council, whether it's the Department of Disease Control, whatever the opinion is. I think it's an old opinion," said Niyom Wechakama, mp for Sakon Nakhon province, the Pheu Thai Party, saying that allowing the general public to use leftover rice from sale or family eating to make their own liquor will help add value or help preserve food, which is now priced higher, to eat longer and more beneficial. I looked at the villagers as helpful. If he does, he does. So why not let him do it, maybe it's a matter of tradition, Mr. President. I'll have to get him to do it." Mr. Niyom said, "If you let the villagers, they do. His life could have been better. From rice sold at a price of ten thousand baht (Northeast Weights = 12 kg) My house is 12 thousand. It could be 20 baht because he used it to make liquor, and the quality of the liquor he made from rice is even higher than the white liquor that the magnate makes liquor." Mr Kiat Siddhiamorn, a list MP of the Democrat Party, said he opposed Mr Anucha. The Minister said the reason for the claim that governments in many countries regulate liquor production like Thailand does. Not true. He has had the opportunity to live abroad in many countries. It was found that the government only controlled the quality. It is not restricted to small entrepreneurs producing liquor as Thailand does"There is also a claim that 'liquor is a regulated commodity that governments around the world practice'. He supervises it. He controls safety, but he doesn't control whether you can or can't produce it. You have to come and ask me"After the results of the vote to pass to the next stage of consideration. Mr. Earth Bangkok Post Office The party went further. The post thanked all parties for their support of the bill in Agenda 1, including small liquor producers. People of Thonburi Khlong San and Bangkok Yai, Bangkok who elected him as MP.
The fans have a break! Governor Chatchat Lakit June 9-12 flew in to attend his son's graduation in the United States.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 9). Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok, livestreamed via the Facebook page "Chatchat Sittipan". While at Suvarnabhumi Airport to travel to his son's graduation ceremony in Seattle, Washington, USA from June 9-12, returning to work on Monday, June 13, the Governor of Bangkok said that he has already submitted a letter of resignation to the Minister of Interior, and although he is not in Thailand, but will try to live stream in person to talk to the people while abroad, and during the flight, he has loaded more than 15 e-books. The Governor of Bangkok spoke to the people inside the airport in a friendly manner. Meanwhile, people who knew that the governor would be traveling abroad to attend the graduation ceremony came to congratulate him and ask for a photo constantly.
3 p.m. lock! The opposition launched a "scaffolding" campaign against 10 ministers.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 9). At 12:45 p.m. at the Sappaya Sabha building. The six opposition coalition parties are: Party for Thailand, Far-Right Party, Liberal Party of Thailand, Prachachart Party The Party for The Nation and the Thai People's Power Party Led by Dr. Cholnan Srikaew Nan MP and Pheu Thai party leader, as the leader of the opposition in the House of Representatives, said that the opposition coalition parties had agreed to open a debate on distrust of the Cabinet (Cabinet) individually under Article 151 of the Constitution at 10.00 a.m. on June 15. Deliberately violating the Constitution and ethical standards, dishonesty and favoritism, failure to comply with policies announced to Parliament or matters that the Opposition has discussed. This includes violations of human rights and the destruction of parliamentary democracy. We are confident in the input from the six opposition parties, plus the Thai Sriwilai Party, who will join the debate, with reporters asking if this debate will result in the overthrow of the government. Dr. Cholnan said that considering the allegations of corruption and illegality, we are confident. Because it's an accusation that makes it clear. We have a political bill to point out, so there's confidence. Especially ministers who break the law. The Prime Minister will be the product of his duties. Insist that the voice of the opposition is cohesive. Although there may have been some variability from past votes, we never counted that group as already in the opposition when asked if it would be necessary to overthrow the government with powers that were not just from the opposition party. Dr. Cholnan said that we must have members and parties who agree with us that the allegations we have made are acceptable and unreliable, which is the privilege that he will decide. Dr. Cholnan said he had to look at the contents of the constitution that states that senators can submit their names. The Minister shall make a statement of facts or clarify important problems in the administration of the national government. If so, it is considered to be the duty of checking and controlling the administration of the national government. But other than this, it may be considered bleached. We have to watch the substance of the senator's speech because, according to the constitution, he has the right to file it, and watch the behavior in the debate. If not the facts. But let's make a statement or answer the results, it is considered that they do not like the constitutional provisions, but use the Senate to whitewash, which the people will watch. How many ministers are there? Mr. Sutin Arsenal, MP for Maha sarakham, Pheu Thai Party, as chairman of the Opposition Coalition Coordinating Committee (Chairman of the Opposition Whip), said that 1 head has 1 person, while the scaffolding comes from 3 parties, namely the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP). The Democrat Party (PDP) and the Pracharat Power Party (PDP) combined with 9 scaffolding members, including 10 heads, of which 3 P hit everyone because it was a strategic goal. While the discussion time frame It is expected to take more than 4 days. The 10 ministers who will be present for the debate include Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and Defence Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Anupong Tribejinda Minister of Interior Mr. Suchart Chom scent Labour Minister Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society and Mr. Santi Prompat, Minister of Finance, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce and Mr. Chalermchai Srion Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health and Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Who the Transport Minister will be discussing is unclear. Because it is nominated by each party, each party has not yet announced its allegations. The reason for the debate of up to 10 ministers is because this is the last distrust debate and the battle name "Dedhua Scaffolding" is mainly aimed at the party leaders and secretaries of the party that are the mainstays in the government.
Chatchachat Live briefly arrives at Narita Airport - waiting for transit I'm fine.|Bangkok's governor, Chatchat Sittiphan, livestreamed on his fan page at around 2.50pm on Thursday (June 9) that he had arrived at Narita Airport. Near Tokyo, Japan, the live event lasted only about two minutes, the governor said. Speaking of the atmosphere in the airport, there are more people than in the past. It's starting to get back to normal, this time it's easy to walk around. Unlike the last arrival at that airport when Japan's COVID-19 restrictions were tighter, he only had to follow the authorities, Mr. Chatchat said he was fine and took 30 minutes to change planes to continue his journey to the United States, congratulating his son on receiving the Bangkok governor's degree. He also revealed that the live event was done by himself. There is no admin to help, so I feel nostalgic for admin. During the flight, I met and chatted with Thai flight attendants. 
P.P.C. pointed out "Kanokwan. Deputy Education Minister-Father" invaded khao yai forest, took aerial photographs of bundles.|Today (June 9) at the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Mr. Niwatchai Kasemmongkol Secretary-General of the Board P.P.C. Press Conference on The Case of the Board of Directors The P.P.C. resolved to point out the fault of Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan, Deputy Education Minister. Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan Father, President of provincial administrative organization (OIC), Prachinburi and relevant government officials The case allegedly encouraged government officials to issue title deeds encroaching on forests in Khao Yai National Park. Mr. Niwatchai said the case was a "criminal case". The P.P.C. resolved to point out the Deputy Minister of Education (Mrs. Kanokwan) in the case of issuance of title deeds no. 41158, 41159 and 41160, Noen Hom Subdistrict. The accused were accused of the following: 1. Mr. Jirasak Pholsuk When he was acting director of the survey center, he issued land title deeds in Saraburi-Nakhon Nayok-Prachinburi-Sa Kaeo 2. Mrs. Surang Kantharom when she served as superintendent of surveys 3. Mr. Somsak Arkngern When he served as superintendent 4. Mrs. Panphen, a relative when she was on duty, was an investigating officer for her rights or imprisonment. 5. Mr. Prasad Banchuen When he was on duty, the officers walked around the temple.6. Mr. Thawee Ten thousandsri When he served as chief of village no. 14, Noen Hom subdistrict 7. Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan (Sri Chan ngam) Survey Leader (currently Deputy Education Minister)8. Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan The leader walked the polls when he was a Prachinburi MP (now President of Prachinburi Province)9. Miss Noi Tumpan Walking Leader10. Mr. Math When he was a surveyor, it turned out that the title deeds of the 3 plots were title deeds issued by way of surveying the title deeds. Sections 58 and 58 bis of the Land Code by Title Deed No. 41158, Noen Hom Subdistrict. It was issued to Mrs. Kanokwan Srichanngam (surname at the time). Accused No. 7, who has now changed his surname to "Vilawan", land title deed No. 41159, Noen Hom Subdistrict. Mueang Prachin Buri District, Prachin Buri Province, is issued to Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan. Accused No. 8 on June 13, 2002, approximately 27 – 2 – 54.5 rai and land title deed No. 41160, Noen Hom Subdistrict. It is issued to Miss Noi Tumphan. Accused No. 9 on July 12, 2002, an area of approximately 27 – 1 – 71.4 rai, had the circumstance of issuing a title deed claiming to have purchased it from a person who had previously made use of the land. It appears that there was no actual trade, coupled with the results of the aerial photographic translation. 2003 was the closest year to the year of the survey. In addition, it appears that the permanent forest boundary "Khao Yai Forest" The Cabinet resolved to classify Khao Yai Forest as a forest according to the boundary line designated by the Royal Decree as Khao Yai National Park since September 22, 1970. The land title deeds Nos. 41158 and 41160 are issued with the northern boundary line in contact with the Khao Yai National Park boundary. It is forbidden to conduct surveys on plots overlapping or dealing with permanent forest zones, thereby issuing them in violation of Article 9 of the Land Department Regulations. Mr. Jirasak Pholsuk Accused No. 1, Mr. Somsak Ark Accused No. 3 and Mr. Prasad Banchuen, Accused No. 5 have joined together. There is a letter requesting prachinburi province to send the plan that the aerial photograph 5237 II 6072 with the marking of Khao Yai National Park to the Forest Department to carry out the verification of the khao yai national park boundary without being assigned by the Director-General of the Land Department and the 10th accused who crossed and certified the national park boundary. It was not commissioned by the Director-General of the Forest Department to mark and certify the boundaries of Khao Yai National Park. The 2nd time in 1993 and the 3rd time in 2002 by Mr. Kanit Phetchod, the 10th accused, therefore, it was unlawful for the Board of Directors to take action. The P.P.C. has considered the following resolutions: 1. The acts of accused 1-5 and 10 are offences under Article 151 of the Criminal Code and Section 83 of the Penal Code, and the acts of accused Nos. 6-9 are offences under Article 151 and Section 862 of the Penal Code. Notification of the results of the Committee's consideration In order for the Land Department to consider revoking the land title deed No. 41158, Title Deed No. 41159 and Title Deed No. 41160, Noen Hom Subdistrict. Prachinburi City according to Article 61 of the Land Code 4. The actions of accused No. 7 (Mrs. Kanokwan) are a serious violation or non-compliance with ethical standards which are of a serious nature to the ethical standards of the Judiciary of the Constitutional Court and those holding positions in independent organizations, including the Governor and the Head of the Administrative Division of the Constitutional Court and independent organizations, B.E. 2561, Chapter 1, ideological ethical standards, Article 8, Section 2, Ethical Standards as Core Values. Article 11 Shall not act in conflict between personal interests and the common good, whether directly or indirectly, and Article 17 shall not commit any act that causes damage to the dignity of office. At present, the Attorney General has ordered criminal prosecution against accused Nos. 1-5 and 10 under Article 151 and Section 83 of the Penal Code, and has ordered criminal prosecution against accused Nos. 6-9 under Article 151 and Section 86 of the Penal Code on June 7, 2022, and informed all 10 accused persons to report to the Public Prosecutor, Anti-Corruption Office 2 on June 9, 2022 at 09.30 a.m. to file a case with the Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct Part 2. He said that so far (at around 3.00 p.m. on June 9, 2022), six accused persons have not reported themselves to the public prosecutor. Mr. Somsak Nangkanokwan If they do not go by today, an arrest warrant must be issued for the prosecution to be brought to court. An arrest warrant is currently pending. Identification of criminal offenses by the Board of Directors The P.O.C. is not final. The accused remains innocent until the final verdict of the court. Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan Accused No. 7 at the time of issuance of the title deed was not holding political office. He is currently the Deputy Minister of Education. Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan Accused No. 8 while issuing the title deed was a member of the House of Representatives. Mrs. Kanokwan declined to elaborate on the details of the case. "It is now in the custody of the legal department and I would like to thank you for all your concerns."
"Big Fort" invites the media to discuss the overhaul of the PR work of pracharat power.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (May 9). Mr. Niroth Suntornlekha, MP, Nakhon Sawan People's Democratic Party (PDP) As chief whip of the government, he discussed the progress made by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister and Head of The Pracharat Party Responding to a press question after the May 22 bangkok governorship election, it turned out that Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan had won by an overwhelming majority of votes that the Phalang Pracharat Party needed to restructure its party, as only 2 candidates of the Bangkok Assembly (MP) of the Phalang Pracharat Party had been elected. The Pracharat Party will remain silent without thinking about doing anything. The head of the Pracharat Party said he should invite the media, which normally serves to criticize political events, outside the party with good hopes for the nation. Critics in the Phalang Pracharat Party are the party's first new approach for members and executives to be heard. He agreed with the new ideas and approaches of the party leaders and would hasten the implementation as quickly as possible. Any senior media will be invited to attend the hearing as soon as possible, and the party's ministers, executives and MPs will be present. I'm sure I'm ready for the next election.
The court approved the father's arrest warrant. Deputy Education Minister- "Kanokwan" survived because he believed that he would not escape.|Today (10 Jun). Mr. Prayuth Petchkhun A deputy spokesman for the Attorney General's Office said the progress of the prosecutor's case against corruption was 2 appointments for 10 suspects. The case at the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) There is a resolution pointing out the fault of Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan, Deputy Education Minister. Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan Prachinburi Provincial Commissioner and relevant government officials allegedly encouraged government officials to issue title deeds encroaching on forests in Khao Yai National Park. The prachinburi area consists of 1. Mr. Jirasak Pholsuk When performing his duties, the director of the survey center issued land title deeds in Saraburi-Nakhon Nayok-Prachinburi-Sa Kaeo 2. Mrs. Surang Kandarom When he served as superintendent of surveys3. Mr. Somsak Arkngern When he served as superintendent 4. Mrs. Panphen Paka relative When performing duties, the officer investigates the rights or the stone prison.5. Mr. Prasad Banchuen When he was on duty, the officers walked around the temple.6. Mr. Thawee Ten thousandsri When he served as chief of the 14th District, he was 7. Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan (Sri Chan ngam) Survey Leader (currently Deputy Education Minister)8. Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan Walking Leader When he was a Prachinburi MP (now the President of Prachinburi Province)9. Miss NOI TUMPAN Walking Leader10. Mr. Math When he was a 6-year-old technician from the Forest Department to file a case with the Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct Region 2, the accused came to the public prosecutor and filed charges against 4 defendants, consisting of 1. Mr. Jirasak Pholsuk 2. 3. Mr. Prasad Banchuen 4. Mr. Thawee Ten thousand sri for Mr. Jirasak, Mrs. Panphen and Mr. Gift were indicted for being officials responsible for the maintenance of any property and corruptly exercising their authority to damage the state according to Section 151 of the Criminal Code and Section 83, while Mr. Thawee was indicted as a supporter of the wrongdoings of defendants 1-3, while the remaining 6 accused did not come to the appointment, including Mrs. Kanokwan, the 7th accused. If you can't follow up. A recent news report revealed that the court approved arrest warrants for four people, including: Mrs. Surang Mr. Somsak, Mr. Kanit and Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan Mr. K. Prachinburi, who is the father of Mrs. Kanokwan. The part that did not issue an arrest warrant was Mrs. Kanokwan and Ms. Noi because they believed that there was no circumstance of escape, while when Sanook News checked Mr. Sunthorn's movements, it was found that it was half a day this morning. The father of the Deputy Education Minister served as the president of prachinburi provincial administrative organization. Mr. Chanchai Jindasataporn, Deputy President of Prachinburi Provincial Administrative Organization, attended the handover ceremony for the transfer of the 60th Anniversary Commemoration Health Station, Nawamintha queen (Teach.) and Subdistrict Health Promotion Hospital (Sat Hospital). 49 provinces were given to the provincial administrative organization. The Deputy Prime Minister presided over and witnessed the handover ceremony at the Miracle Grand Convention Hotel, Laksi, Bangkok. When asked by reporters about the other KMT who also attended today's meeting, he said: They told reporters that Mrs. Kanokwan had a normal smiling attitude. There was no stress, and he didn't say anything to the meeting about the case. The P.P.C. pointed out the offences and did not mention any arrest warrants until 4.30 pm, when the meeting was closed and the next meeting was scheduled for next week.
We met and "Chatchat" flew to the U.S. and hugged his son. "I miss you so much."|The governor arrived in America after asking for 4 days of leave to attend his son's graduation ceremony, 7 minutes live, and hugged his son. Thai people came to welcome Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok. He went to attend his son's graduation. Mr. Sanpiti Sittipan or Sandee. In Seattle, Washington, USA, from June 9-12, he will return to duty on Monday, June 13, at around 1:30 a.m. Today, Oct. 10 Mr. Chatchachat Sittipan The governor said he had arrived in Seattle, Washington, to attend his son's graduation ceremony, which will take place on Saturday, June 11. His son arrived at the airport. A handful of Seattle residents were also waiting to be picked up and cheered at the airport by people watching the live stream and commenting on Mr. Sanpiti's graduation. Mr. Sanpiti also raised his hand and thanked everyone who came to congratulate him. Mr. Chatchat hugged his son and said, "I miss you so much," causing Mr. Sanpiti to smile broadly, before ending the live broadcast, which lasted about 7 minutes.
Continued fitness! Discuss ways to use Traffy Fondue to solve urban problems.|Today (June 10, 2022) at 09.00 am. The Deputy Governor of Bangkok presided over a meeting on how to process complaints through the Traffy Fondue system. Dr. Vasant Patrothikom Researchers at the National Electronics and Computer Technology Center (NECTEC), National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) and a panel of speakers participated in the presentation at Rattanakosin Room, Bangkok City Hall. Swing pole Bangkok's deputy governor, Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, said that Bangkok's governor, Chatchat Sittiphan, has focused on the city's structural problems at the capillary level, which are problems that must be faced every day, such as uneven sidewalks, inadequate lighting, unmanned garbage, etc. The information technology system is implemented through the "Traffy Fondue" platform, so that people can report problems found in Bangkok and other agencies can immediately acknowledge complaints. The results can be communicated directly and quickly to the public. Therefore, in order to create an understanding of the operation for the Bangkok authorities in accordance with these guidelines, the training was held today. "Traffy Fondue" is a platform designed for communicating city problems between citizens and responsible agencies, developed by a team of researchers at NECTEC Center and available since June 2018. Whether it is a cleanliness problem, pavement problem, lighting, or a damaged road, it is a problem that is reported in a form that has enough information for the agency to take immediate action, such as having a photo and a location on a map. At the same time, the responsible authorities can provide information and updates on the situation to solve problems and communicate back to the public. The staff also has a system to manage and monitor problems. Statistical data services to optimize budget and manpower planning, where public and private organizations can set up groups to receive and manage their own problems. The people are our bosses, we have to take all the things that are your problem. This is more of our problem, which we haven't handled well. You have to coordinate correctly and expedite the process. We can't solve today, it's okay, but the intention is to pass it on. We really want to make it better." Deputy Governor Sanont said that from May 29 to June 10, 2022, every district office has reached 100% login by studying the operation of the system by itself and asking questions via line/phone. From the initial number of complaints of 1,300, the current 17,811 complaints are 13 times. 2. Regarding the processing time, which emphasizes that the processing time of all stages must be faster. 3. Corruption Some subjects have personal information, so they have to be sorted out and the application is connected to the relevant authorities. If we don't know where the problem is. The people who know the problem best are the people. I think the authorities are responsible for providing the tools, embracing them, and fixing them. Gather information on problems and opinions that the public has raised. I think that's not the only way to do it. During the training, Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, governor of Bangkok, made a teleconference call from the United States to attend the meeting with representatives of 50 district offices and trainees. In the future, there will be more models of services through various platforms, and the systematic use of technology will make it easier for officers to work and less tired." It's hard to keep track of things, but as technology improves, it switches to a platform system that connects the middle. Anyone can come in and see the story. Traffy Fondue is also a platform that the public and county officials can look at. There is no need to wait for the governor to send the matter to the permanent secretary, waiting for the permanent secretary to send the matter to the deputy permanent secretary, allowing the problem to be solved immediately, reducing the process and time, allowing the problem to be solved faster," said Governor Chatchachart, who said that the policy of reporting problems by the people solved by Bangkok through the Traffy Fondue platform is one of the 216 policies on good management. At the heart of the success of this system is the cooperation of the people and the sincerity of the government in solving problems. Developing Bangkok as a Livable City It takes everyone's cooperation, working together today for the good of all of us for this conference. Participants and exchangers include: Maj. Gen. Adit Ngamjitsuksri, Advisor to the Governor of Bangkok Mr. Phimuk Simaroj, Secretary to the Governor of Bangkok, Ms. Sani Jiujinda Mr. Sittichai Aranyakanon Assistant Secretary to the Governor of Bangkok Mrs. Wantanee Wattana, Deputy Permanent Secretary, Bangkok, together with the Bangkok Management Team
"Thammasat", the leader of the Thai Economic Party "Pai Likk", sits as secretary-general.|Today, Oct. 10 The Thai Economic Party held the Extraordinary General Meeting No. 2/2022. Thammasat Phrompao, Acting Secretary-General of the party, presided over the meeting to consider the election of a new party leader and executive committee in the event that the party leader resigned and resigned from the party membership, including 15 members of the party's executive committee. R.A. Thammasat Brahmaputra Party Leader, Mr. Pai Likk, MP Kamphaeng Phet, Party Secretary, Mr. Boonsing Warinrak Party Registrar and Ms. Thanaporn Sriviraj, Party Treasurer for Party Executive Committee The other 20 consisted of Dr. Thamnus. He said after the Extraordinary General Meeting No. 2/2022 that the party secretary is Mr. Pai Likk, the treasurer of the party is Ms. Thanaporn Sriviraj. The registrar of the party is Mr. Boonsing Warinrak. The other 20 members of the party's executive committee are 3-4 MPs and Mr. Prasad Empia, most of whom are in the same outfit. Most of the candidates' nomination committee members were in the same batch, with only the other party executive directors acting as their first representatives, the task of becoming party leader, which was the task of electing members of the House of Representatives (MPs). Lampang Province District 4 will have to appoint an election director as well as party executive committee members and party members who will help with the campaign. As for the details, the party secretary-general will meet urgently to determine the direction of the Thai Economic Party in the new executive committee. Our core is on the side of the people. What benefits the nation, the country, and the people we support, but what is done is damaging to the nation and the people we oppose in all cases. Reaffirm the unity of work under his leadership and believe that the electoral field will repair Lampang Province. Their party will win the hearts of lampang people. Because when he was minister, he had done a lot for the area in the next general election. Fellow MPs in the party are ready to move forward and it is the duty of the KGB and the KGB to study policies in various areas such as public health/tourism/sports in order to ensure readiness as well as clarity of the economy. There is confidence under the leadership to approach people who are economically and financially capable, and the destination is told to walk together. Although some of you may go the other way, there are still many people who share a common ideology for Mr. Mingkwan Sangsuwan, who insists that Mr. Mingkwan has his own ideology. Admittedly, it was previously discussed with Mr. Mingkwan the most. But that doesn't mean we're going to walk apart in politics, it's just the beginning, there's still a lot of work to be done together. R.A. Thammasat But he insisted that the candidates must have the same chemistry and have in mind. From now on, I will have to talk to the party executive committee. Will he serve as prime minister himself? Let's not talk about it at this time, because if you can't do it, you'll lose people. Also, the words are masters of the moment. Mr. Pai Affirmative action will act as a liaison to other parties, as it has always done. Confirm that it is not troubling and will continue to work as best as possible. Thammasat will move the Thai Economic Party office back to Pansri Building, Ratchadapisek Road, where the Old Pracharat Party office is located. Originally located at U Tower, Srinakarin Road. Tell feng shui good because it has up to 120 MPs. Thammasat also mentioned that if the government is prepared to revive 2 and 3 lottery tickets, he said, "We will go to court as before. Do you agree? Thammasat said he did not know, but saw that the government lottery office was set up for the afflicted. Hard people. Troublesome people. People with disabilities before the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Thai Economic Party Thammasat said the formation of a new party executive committee would affect the ministerial quota if adjusted. Since the Thai Economic Party raised its hand in support of the budget bill for the fiscal year 2023 or not, whether the budget that was passed does not mean that it will agree with all matters, it is only the first agenda. It should not rule out what benefits the country and its people. But whichever one the government intends not to benefit, it must be cut. If you don't cut and let go, it's not going to go through the second term. I don't expect to join the Council on different issues. Insist that they are on the side of the people regardless of their position, and if they are bargained or adjusted, the party quota will not have to be discussed. This point can be eliminated. He didn't accept it. As for the rumors that were approached back to the Pracharat Party, it is considered that the rumors are rumors, whether true or untrue is news, but confirm that they will not go back anywhere. The leader of the Ruam Thai Party said the Thai Economic Party went back and forth. It's unreliable. Thammasat said he would not talk about outsiders talking about us, but rather about the party's actions and policies. Throughout the post-election politics in 2019 to now, look at the actions of MPs and our work on the ground never stopping when asked what the debate on distrust of the cabinet as individuals would stand. R.A. Thammasat It states that it remains the same, i.e. look at the essence of the subject matter being discussed, what issues were filed. Which one is clear, such as fraud? We did not give a pass, and we talked to 18 MPs of the party all the time about this issue, the reporter asked for his opinion on the case that the opposition is preparing to file a debate on distrust of about 10 ministers, of which 3 are included. Thammasat said he saw the list of people being discussed. Now there is Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister included He saw that as deputy prime minister, he did not look at any ministry. So which minister should be held accountable? Gen. Prawit only takes care of the wide picture. When asked how they would vote in trust, he said: Gen. Prawit? Thammasat said he had to look at it first and believed in it all the time he knew. Gen. Prawit Ma is not the kind of person that many media outlets understand. How will other Pracharat ministers vote? Thammasat said everyone was worried except Prawit, the ruling Thai Economic Party, will not debate, but will see how the opposition debates. He said that last year he was freed, when the media asked about Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society, and Mr. Suchart Chomsorn. Minister of Labour: Is it worrisome? Thammasat smiled and refused to answer the question.
The court granted bail to "Deputy Minister Kanokwan" with a limit of 3 lakh in the case of trespassing in Khao Yai forest, but the father remained silent.|Progress in the case of Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan, Deputy Education Minister The defendant in the case of the offense is an official responsible for the maintenance of any property, corruptly exercising his authority and duties to the state according to Article 151 of the Criminal Code and the Land Code, and went to report to the public prosecutor to be brought to the Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct Part 2 in Rayong Province. After the Board of Directors The P.P.C. has resolved to accuse Mrs. Kanokwan and his father, Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan, who is now the President of Prachinburi Province, and 10 related government officials for allegedly supporting government officials to issue title deeds for trespassing in the forests of Khao Yai National Park, Prachinburi province. On August 5, while the defendant filed a land bond with a bail limit of 300,000 baht, the court granted him temporary release pending trial without setting any conditions for bail." Prime Minister of Prachinburi Province Mrs. Kanokwan's father remained silent, authorities were unable to contact her and did not report to the prosecutor.
The Government Gazette announces Thailand's 13 billion baht loan to Japan Loan term 15 years|The Government Gazette published the announcement of the Ministry of Finance, borrowing 13 billion baht from Japan, with a loan term of 15, fixed interest at 0.01 percent per annum. June 22) The Official Gazette website has published the announcement of the Ministry of Finance on the borrowing of money from the Japanese government for the COVID-19 Crisis Response Emergency Support Loan. 19 The Ministry of Finance signed a loan agreement with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) on May 3, 2022. 1. A loan in yen of 50,000 million yen or the equivalent of 13,432.35 million baht (calculated based on the average selling rate of Thai Baht and Yen at the signing date of signing the contract is 26.8647 Baht per 100 yen) Loan term of 15 years, principal repayment period of 4 years2. Fixed interest rate 0.01% p.a. Payment is due in 2 installments per year, payable on May 20th and November 20th of each year.3. Front-end fee of 0.20% of the loan amount must be paid within 60 days after the loan agreement comes into force.4. The loan principal is due on May 20 and November 20, with the first installment on May 20, 2026, and the final loan principal on May 20, 2037. Due to the covid-19 outbreak, additional 2021
"For Thailand", the state recovers the lottery on the ground. The public must benefit.|Deputy Secretary for Thailand to revive the lottery on the ground People need to benefit, not people as an excuse. Close your own weaknesses, Miss Arunee Kasyanon. Pheu Thai Deputy Secretary-General Said the government has thrown stones at the party. The government is preparing to amend the law to open 3-digit lottery channels or revive 2-3-digit lottery tickets later this year, said Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha's government. prime minister An attempt was made to do it again. It has to be a better comeback. The public must benefit from this sale of lottery tickets on the ground, just like the government. Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra had previously worked on a land lottery project but was eventually suspended and prosecuted, which is worth noting that in 2006, the government, after seizing power, continued to sell lottery tickets on the ground. Mr. Thaksin, anyhow. If the lottery is on government soil. Mr. Thaksin is still alive. The revenue to the state may be more than 100 billion baht, so we want to know that the purpose of the lottery recovery on the ground is because the Prayuth government wants to earn extra income to fill weaknesses that do not have the knowledge and ability to create jobs. Create opportunities or create new policies to stimulate the economy. Earning money to enter the country? Want to earn money to use the public debt that they have incurred nearly 10 trillion baht and the debt they have borrowed? He reiterated that the Thai government loves Thailand. People Power or For Thailand Is willing if anyone will put good policies to continue, but when they do, it helps to benefit the people, not that they cannot earn money, they take our original projects. Citing the people, but the people are not useful.
The government has tightened its mandate on the use of marijuana for medical and economic purposes.|The government prioritizes measures to control the use of marijuana. The Prime Minister reiterated the unlocking of "cannabis-hemp" for the best medical and economic benefits. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence acknowledged the concerns and recommendations of all sectors towards the unlocking of the use of hemp, which came into effect from June 9, 2022, with the appointment of the Cannabis and Hemp Plant Policy Integration Committee, chaired by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, Anutin Charnveerkul. Guidelines and supervision of the use of cannabis in accordance with the goal of allowing the use of cannabis in Thailand for the benefit of both modern and traditional medical treatment. Reduce treatment expenditure It increases healthcare options and is also an opportunity to develop cannabis products and related industries. This will be beneficial in the economy. At the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 1/2022 on June 9, 2022, it was resolved to appoint 6 subcommittees to assist in various aspects of their duties, comprising 1) medical and therapeutic aspects; 3) Youth education and social impact. Agricultural Production 4) Prevention of smuggling, illegal production5) Legal aspects6) The meeting will issue guidelines for determining the use of cannabis-hemp in accordance with the intent for the best medical and economic benefits, with measures to control the misuse of the drug in order to reduce the social impact. He said the unlocking was not for recreational purposes, with government agencies rushing to educate the public through social media through provincial and local government mechanisms. There is no confusion when it comes to planting. Consumption and Distribution Reduce society's concerns about misuse of cannabis, especially to prevent vulnerable groups from accessing cannabis, especially children, youth, pregnant women, and the elderly. Use it for recreational purposes, which may have health and social consequences.
The government warned mobs to "walk away", seize the law, and take into account the suffering of others.|A government spokesman warned protesters today to stick to the law, taking into account the suffering of others. People are advised to avoid marching routes. Reiterating that the government is ready to listen to opinions through all channels, Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the marching activities of the group that wants to take a stance against the government today are a right and freedom that can be achieved by law, but asked the organizers to take into account the suffering of others. Assemble peacefully, unarmed, and respectfully, especially the officers who are required to carry out their duties. However, the government is open to listening to the opinions of all parties and all channels, including the process of the House of Representatives, which already has representatives of the people throughout the country. Bangkok should avoid the route where the rally will take place, from the Democracy Monument at 12.00 pm and all the routes of the protesters' march to victory monument at 3.30 pm, which is the main route with heavy traffic. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense expressed concern for the protesters and passers-by. He asked everyone to respect each other's rights and also to encourage all officers on duty today.
Mob "chases" marches in front of Victory Monument The police do not set up containers in the way.|At 2 p.m. on June 11 at the Democracy Monument. The masses organized a "march" to victory monument to show their stance against the government. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha becomes prime minister. Nakornsawan Road, Phitsanulok Road Phetchaburi Road Phayathai Road by Pol. Col. Sanong Saengmanee, Director of The War Winning Force, and Lt. Col. Thasorn Ampaipipatkul, Director of Samranrat Police Station, jointly walked to check the order and talked to the people who gathered. The atmosphere is now open from the audio car in front of the McDonald's store. Meanwhile, the police have not closed any traffic. The anti-suppression patrol team was around the area at 2.20 p.m., Maj. Gen. Jirasan Kaewsaengek, deputy chief of police, in charge of traffic. Come and monitor the situation yourself. "Today's rally. There is no particular concern by the staff. Containers are not used to block traffic routes. Traffic police are deployed to facilitate people's travel, especially around Phetchaburi and Phayathai roads that pass through the city center. The company has been advised to avoid the route from 2 p.m. onwards. If a situation of violence has already occurred. However, in the absence of a leader, communication may not be unified, which the police will supervise to maintain order.15.20 10:00am at Democracy Monument Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Deputy Spokesperson of the Royal Thai Police Tell us about the overall picture of the rally, a group called Rat cha-tu. The Red Revolutionary People, who used the name of the event as Walk Chase, stated that the protests had not gone away. There are both political dissident groups and groups demanding economic problems, and today there is a gathering at the Democracy Monument and it will go to victory monument. The police still need to use this law because it is still in the midst of the pandemic. The police, both in and out of uniform, are still monitoring the situation, which the police do not want to enforce the law or make arrests, so they ask the protesters to see what the law can do that does not risk or violate other relevant laws. If it is found that there is a risk of illegal acts, in order to suppress the news that the way of the event venue is the Victory Monument, which may be close to the prime minister's residence, it is a news report, which the police must also monitor. And if there is a police gathering, both the rule of law and political science must be used to take action, confirming that sufficient forces are deployed and adjusted according to the situation. Nearly 4,000 political rallies have been held nationwide, with more than 50% of them in Bangkok, with approximately 1,300 prosecutions against both leaders and protesters, including more than 800 cases in the Metropolitan Police Headquarters.
Boiling red clay! Mass clashes with officers at Red Clay Triangle After the end of the rally, "Walk away".|After the representatives of the masses announced the end of the "chase walk" activity at the Victory Monument, some groups of people separated to the Din Daeng Triangle, hoping to head to the residence. General Prayut Chan-o-cha The prime minister at Plains 1, however, was intercepted by the authorities at Din Daeng junction before being ordered to move forward from the officer's side and throwing objects, including self-propelled patches, from the mass side, after about 7 pm. Officers used tactics to herd the masses from 3 directions to leave only 1 route for the masses to retreat. Din Daeng Police Station, which is parked in the way to close traffic. At the entrance to the din tunnel As a result, a fire broke out in the hood of the car, before rescuers were able to control the fire at 6:30 p.m. Before turning onto Vibhavadi Road, police officers began laying fences and barbed wire blocking traffic. As a result, traffic jams are caused by the Red Clay Triangle area. Vibhavadi Road, Police Crowd Control Unit (CPO) About 50 officers have set up shields to block outbound vibhavadi road traffic, leaving the far right lane. In addition, amplified cars and 1 Gino car were brought behind the police line. At 6:48 p.m., a group of protesters were in the Din Daeng Triangle. Under the tunnel, firecrackers and pipe bombs were thrown periodically. At 7 p.m., police moved the shield line and a geno car into the Red Clay Triangle. The protesters retreated to the streets of Ratchaprarop Road. The firecrackers continued to sound periodically until at 7.15pm, police removed the fence and barbed wire set aside from the Din Daeng road. Before turning onto Vibhavadi Road, it was expected to tighten up the area, having previously attempted to burn a police pickup truck at the mouth of Soi Boon. Officers rushed to extinguish the fire and cleared the route at 7:30 p.m. 5 cars with foot staff Tighten the area from Soi Srivanich Market. Head to victory monument before returning to the force on the outbound side of Vibhava Rangsit Road. The protesters dispersed after authorities tightened up the area. As a result, both inbound and outbound traffic can be used normally. 
"Chatchat" attended his son's graduation and congratulated the Thai students on their graduation.|"Governor Chatchat" attended his son's graduation and congratulated the Thai students for their graduation. Revealing the future of the city to be able to build and attract talented people to have a good quality of life, Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, livestreamed the graduation ceremony of Mr. Sanpiti Sittiphan, or Sandee, a 21-year-old who graduated in history. More than 20 Thai students graduated from the University of Washington this year, with more than 20 Thai students graduating from the University of Washington. While some want to work and live in the United States, and few return to Thailand because they want to gain experience, the Governor of Bangkok said that Thai children are as talented and talented as any nation and see that the future of the city will last. It is necessary to create talent and attract talent, and give examples of people who have contributed to the movement of the United States. For example, Thai children who have graduated continue to work in the U.S. because the United States is able to attract talented people. Whether it's about quality of life and concept. On the subject of equality, freedom, freedom at some point, so in the future, Bangkok. It's very important to attract talented people and create talent. Because if the city can't keep the talents alive. In the future, it will be harder to build a creative economy. Therefore, the heart of the city must draw talented people, must build a city with a quality of life, be able to live happily, and have the freedom to express their opinions. In short, the heart of the city is to compete to draw and create talent because the city is the people. A city is not a building. The governor will be in the U.S. for another day after attending his son's graduation. In the evening, Thais will meet in the U.S. and will return in the morning to resume normal operations on June 13, 2022. 
P.P.S. Supporting the minimum wage, believing that the country will fully reopen the economy.|"Patcharin" reiterates the position of the PDP. Support the Ministry of Labour Adjust the minimum wage for 16 occupations based on skills and market demand. Believe in full reopening of the country. Helping to provide an overview of the labor market, Ms. Patcharin Samsiripong, mp for Bangkok District 2, as a spokesperson for the Pracharat Power Party (PDP). He said that due to the rising cost of living of the people. And Mr. Suchart Chom scent. The Minister of Labour has pushed and supported measures to take care of the impact of people urgently, as recently as 9 June 2022. The Notification of the Wages Committee on The Rate of Wages according to the Skill Standard (No. 11), which will come into effect after the expiration of 90 days from the date of issuance and will benefit the labor group, especially among workers with disabilities, which is considered an important force to support the economic movement. Therefore, the wage hike according to the skill standards in 16 branches is considered as a way to stimulate and encourage more skilled workers in the manufacturing and service sectors to support the market demand by using the National Skill Standard according to the law on the promotion of skill development as a measure of skill, knowledge and ability. and the creation of new skills needed to do the job to make business operations more efficient and employees earning high incomes, party spokesperson said. The PDP reiterated that policy drivers accept that it is necessary to consider the situation, which Thailand has experienced in the past due to the COVID-19 situation. And there is also the Russia-Ukraine crisis that affects energy prices. Therefore, measures must be viewed in many dimensions and must be balanced, as well as the issue of wages, which must take into account employees and employers. It would not be possible to use politics to bring about the situation of people's distress, which the PDP has thought of and passed the policy to the Ministry of Labor to implement various measures through the Committee. It is expected that a conclusion will be reached soon as Thailand begins to fully reopen. Gradually recovering This gives the economy a better direction.
Lt. Col. Prayuth solved the problem until he failed, hijacked until Lt. Jang used mob violence.|A spokesman for Thailand pointed out that Prayuth had failed for 8 years and proposed a theory of reducing expenditure - increasing income and expanding opportunities. Ask the authorities whether the violence against the mob is in accordance with international norms. Mp for Bangkok and spokesperson for the Party for Thailand, along with Mr. Phum Rojanasakul Deputy Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand held a press conference on "How to solve the poor so that Thailand has a solution" by Ms. Theerarat "The current situation, the severity of the current economic crisis, is worrying for us. The solution from the Pheu Thai Party has been proposed many times, but the government of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha has not been able to solve the problem. Is the Prime Minister afraid that it will be the work of the Party for Thailand? Therefore, they do not accept to listen and go to follow by what they are trying to propose, namely, the theory of reducing expenditure. Increase revenue This can support and solve the current problematic economy with sustainable results. Turning crises into opportunities, now that the world is at war, whether it's a trade war. But the government does not have strategic measures to ensure a rapid economic recovery in which we can grow money from the soil because Thailand has resource costs. It has advantages in agriculture. The government must encourage farmers to take full advantage of this. Prayuth's eight-year poverty solution has made him even more impoverished. What I would like to suggest is to target 2 groups of people: farmers and people who are looking for breakfast and are affected by the economy at the moment, farmers must promote livestock farming that has a food market for export and there is a lot of demand such as beef, buffalo meat that both Thai and foreign markets need, and people who seek morning and evening living. Therefore, the state should review the oil price structure and reduce the refining value to reduce energy costs as soon as possible. Yesterday's protests have raised concerns due to images of officers using violent weapons, as well as a crackdown that is not in accordance with international standards. Do not use violence against these people who want to express themselves politically. Prayuth's stance was not accepted, and he asked officials to speak out about whether the tools used were internationally compliant because the images were uncomfortable for the public.
"A long way to go" Call on all parties to vote for the draft. Marriage Equality Act|Go the distance Call on all parties to vote for marriage equality. It is not a claim, but a claim that LGBTQ people have taken away. MPs from all political parties voted for the resolution. Draft amendments to the Civil and Commercial Code or Marriage Equality He said that the previous week, the House had more than 8 hours of debate, and it was noted that it could be an attempt to get the marriage equality bill out of consideration in time. In conjunction with the Marriage Equality Bill, the Progressive Party reaffirmed that the Marriage Equality Bill It is not equal to the Companion Act and in fact cannot be articulated due to the amendment of the Civil and Commercial Code. The right to marry is already in place. While the Life Partner Bill is a new bill, it will not be considered together. The fact that the cabinet is brought together is therefore undeniably political. Despite concerns of the far-right party, in the past three months, it has tried to talk to MPs from different parties. Explaining the differences between the two bills, I would like to leave it to MPs from all political parties that only voted for the marriage equality bill. By voting for the Marriage Act, it still creates conditions for LGBTQ people. Mr. Thanawat said that today the whole society is ready to move in the direction of providing equal marriage rights to LGBTQ people. The voices of the people and all agencies that came together to meet. No agency disagrees. All agencies insist on equality. The only people who operate with people in society who have problems are the Office of the Decree. This is an agency that does not interact with people.
Fan meeting Daddy "Sitha" On a day when politics is about fandom.|After the election of the governor of Bangkok, even Mr. Sita Tiwari The candidate from the Thai Build Thai Party will not win the election as the father of the capital. But his popularity has grown, leading to the hashtags #แด๊ดดี้ขยี้เผด็จการ and #แด๊ดดี้ศิธา being loved by people both online and offline. This is evident from the event. 'Close the cinema (Top) with Colonel Pun' for fans on Ms. Sitha's Facebook and Twitter accounts. Meet and chat with them and watch Top Gun: Maverick movies together. More than 1,000 tickets filled up within 15-30 minutes of every booking round, and there were many people waiting in line to receive tickets for the event. Ms. Seetha In addition to playing games, handing out shirts and hats to attendees. He said the idea of closing the cinema was because he wanted the younger generation to see the military negatively: using coup power, depriving democracy and running the country inefficiently leading to a recession and many people dying from the pandemic. And soldiers who do their part to protect the nation and don't want to get involved in politics still exist, and the film will inspire those who want to be good soldiers and encourage good soldiers to continue their duties. Ms. Seetha said that politics is now in the run-up to the elections, it is time to preach to those who distort democracy, but nevertheless, democratic rallies or opinions must be able to "preach to those who distort democracy through elections." Ms. Sitha said the fans who attended the event picked up their shirts and lined up to take photos with Ms. Sitha. Women, children, adults, and some groups come with the whole family. Maya, one of the fans who attended the event, took a bag from his campaign sign as a souvenir. Say you know. Ms. Sitha has been an MP for the Thai Rak Thai Party, but she hasn't gotten much until after the bangkok governorship election. The Prime Minister started to like it, so he followed it online all the time, but personally made sure that he would follow anyone, he had to see for a long time whether the person we followed was a real person or a cobra. Ms. Seetha is Maine, but it remains to be seen how long he will last. Does it work to meet the needs of the people? Being a fandom is like an MP and a voter, but it's closer. We feel that if one day he doesn't do well, we'll scold him, and if he adjusts, he'll continue to win the hearts of us and our friends. "We know him in the corner he wants us to know. If he manages the angle he wants us to know. Within 4 years of proving what he did, we continued to quit him, but if he couldn't, it would be over. The fans stopped liking it. The number of people who close their ears and eyes today is getting less and less." The first fan who came to register said that he had been following Ms. Sitha since the election campaign for governor of Bangkok, the first impression was that this person was handsome and then started following. It is a matter that resonates and I want to have this right for a long time. Presenting this story in a more understandable way than any other person or politician who has spoken for a vote. Meanwhile, tracking Ms. Seetha also made herself more interested in political news. At the same time, there is an expectation that Ms. Seetha has made what she said come true and she is ready to support her and will continue to do so.
"K Hundred Million" popped up in the din, shouting insults at the protesters, and the detainees left the area.|Today (12 Jun 22) At 4:30 p.m. 10:00 am at Din Daeng Triangle Area Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Deputy Spokesperson of the Royal Thai Police "There will be an event today. There are about seven political sites around Bangkok, but in the Din Daeng Triangle, there is a risk of unrest. The police are closely monitoring and it is necessary to In the past one year, there have been more than 250 incidents related to unrest and security. When Mr. Kanespisanuthep Chakraborty Mahadecha or "K Hundred Million" walked into the protest area in the Din Daeng Triangle, shouting insults at the protesters, some of the protesters expressed their displeasure. He asked the detention officers to leave the area before the officers decided to detain Mr. K in a patrol car to calm down. It was learned that Kei had entered the area before running in and pushing Mr. K, before the officers set up a line to remove him from the area.
"Kanokwan" corkscrew The Deputy Education Minister, while his father was still invisible, escaped an arrest warrant for trespassing.|Today, Oct. 13 Mrs. Natjaree Anantasilp Cabinet Secretary Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan briefly mentioned the case. The Deputy Minister of Education will submit his resignation letter from the ministerial post. After the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) pointed out the offences for encouraging government officials to issue title deeds to encroach on the Khao Yai National Forest. He pointed out that serious violations of ethical standards were "not yet seen", as for the procedure for the minister to resign from his post. Mrs. Natjari refused to answer the question, raising her hand to cut the script before walking into the Board of Investment (BOI) meeting room, which was headed by Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense presided over the meeting today, marking the last day that the case of "Sunthorn Vilawan", the father of the Deputy Education Minister, will be deficient. He remains invisible, but he cannot find any information to leave the country in the system. Glass nevus Commander of the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Division Revealed that in the follow-up Mr. Sunthorn Mr. K. Prachinburi Father of Deputy Minister of Education. The P.O.C. pointed out the offences in the trespassing case, and the OFFICE of the P.O.C. has coordinated with the police to assist in the investigation and arrest of the detainee. Mr. Sunthorn and his men are still on the run because the case is due to expire today (June 13) after yesterday (June 12). The police, the YPG along with the Suppression Division and related agencies went to the area to check on Mr. Sunthorn's residence in Prachinburi province, but he was not found. When asked by close friends, everyone claimed that they could not contact Mr. Sunthorn. Police Officers He coordinated with the immigration police and sent arrest warrants to immigration checkpoints nationwide, but he did not find any information on Mr. Sunthorn's departure from the country. Even today is the last day that the case expires, and I have not yet found myself. But the police The investigation continues to be relentlessly pursued, but there is a possibility that it may not be delivered. P.P.C. steps after this If they can't be traced, they'll be arrested Mr. Sundar, police officer As an assistant officer (P.O.C.), he must report to Then it will be the duty of the P.P.C. to inform the prosecutor that he cannot follow up with Mr. Sunthorn to submit the case to the prosecutor in time for this case. The P.P.C. accused 4 accused, namely Mrs. Surang. When performing the duties of the director of the survey, Mr. Somsak when performing the duties of the superintendent of the temple, Mr. Sunthorn, the leader of the survey. He is currently the president of Prachinburi Province and is also the father of the Deputy Education Minister and Mr. Kanit when he was a Rang Wat 6 technician of the Forest Department. As for Mr. Suntorn, the officer The P.P.C. sent the summons to the residence and reported it to the public prosecutor on June 9, 2022. Mr. Sunthorn did not report to the prosecutor. Before disappearing and not being tracked down again.
Sonthiya Roe petitioned the Metropolitan Police to investigate the mob for violating the Emergency Decree.|Mr. Sonthiya Sawasdee came to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters to file a complaint against the police. Police Lieutenant General Samran Nuanma The Metropolitan Police Commissioner has ordered an investigation into the gas-guzzling protesters who have gathered in the Red Triangle area. On June 11-12, the protests were against the law. He said he wanted the Metropolitan Police to investigate three demands: he did not confirm whether it was an opposition political party or the government, but noted that before the debate there was distrust of the government, and that those who benefited from the protests could be both opposition and government. He urged the police to take the law seriously and arrest the accused as the police have. It is believed that such actions by the police are already in accordance with international norms. But parents and guardians should also take good care of their children. He asked all parties to protest in accordance with their existing legal rights, regardless of the group, but to assemble without violating others and causing trouble to others, believing that in 7 months there would be a change of government.
"Anutin" has received the 6th dose of covid vaccine!|Today, Oct. 13 The Facebook page Like Anutin posted a picture of Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnveerkul. Get vaccinated for COVID-19 The content of the post is as follows: "Needle. The deputy received the latest COVID-19 vaccine today, the sixth dose of Pfizer. After receiving 2 doses of Sinovac, 2 doses of Astra and 1 dose of Pfizer that need to be injected continuously because the deputy visits the area very often. There is a high risk of getting COVID-19. It is necessary to wear a thick armor that matters. You are a testament to the safety of the vaccine and the need for vaccination because it effectively prevents serious illness and death.
The delay machine arrived in Thailand at 1 a.m., but woke up early to work immediately.|Strong! Chatchat arrived in Thailand at 1 a.m. but woke up early to work immediately by attending a meeting at Bangkok City Hall Din Daeng after Bangkok Governor Chatchat Sittiphan took time off from work to attend his son's graduation. Mr. Sanpiti Sittiphan or Sandee, 21 years old, who graduated in history, University of Washington. Latest United States Mr. Chatchat arrived back in Thailand at about 01.00 a.m., which was slightly later than scheduled, and at 06.50 immediately arrived for work without taking a break by 08.00 a.m. Bangkok Governor convenes the 8th/2022 Bangkok Executive Committee Meeting at War Room, 35th Floor, Thani Nopparat Building Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Din Daeng
"Parina" faces 8 months in jail and 2 years in prison.|Today, Oct. 14 At 9 a.m. in Room 912, Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Rd. The court read the judgment of the Court of Appeal in the black number defamation case. A.2043/62 where Ms. Pannika Vanich or "Cho", spokesperson of the Progressive Party, is the plaintiff in the suit. Ms. Parina Kraikupt or "Ae", former Mp for Ratchaburi People's Democratic Party (PDP) He is a defendant in the offence of defamation of others by advertising under Sections 326 and 328 of the Criminal Code. The Court of Appeal examined the expressions of the consultation meeting and found that the defendant had actually committed the offence as per the prosecution. Sentenced to stand trial and sentenced to imprisonment. Ms. Parina, the defendant, was fined 100,000 baht for 1 year. The sentence was reduced to 1/3 to 8 months imprisonment and a fine of 66,666 baht. On August 4, 2019, the defendant, Ms. Parina, posted a personal Facebook post accusing the plaintiff of slandering Ms. Pannika, the spokesperson of the New Future Party (at the time) and Mr. Thanathorn Sorungruangkit. The leader of the New Future Party (at the time) said that the two were involved in several bombings in Bangkok, including the bombings in the three southernmost provinces, all of which were false statements, causing damage to the plaintiff's reputation, insults and hatred. while Ms. Parina The defendant refused, and the criminal court found that the defendant had actually committed the offence under Section 326 of the Penal Code and sentenced him to imprisonment. Ms. Parina, the defendant, was fined 100,000 baht for 1 year. The sentence was reduced to 1/3 to 8 months imprisonment and a fine of 66,666 baht. Therefore, the punishment was suspended for 2 years, which Ms. Parina appealed. Ms. Parina came to the court by taxi. The reporter asked if the court of appeals would stand by the lower court, would it appeal? Ms. Parina In short, it's up to the lawyer.
Chatchachat worried about free marijuana Bangkok found 1 person sleeping in hospital The other three were youths.|A 51-year-old man was found to have suffered heart failure and was hospitalized. Today (June 14, 2022), Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, presided over a meeting of the Bangkok Executive Committee. No. 8/2022 at WAR ROOM, 35TH FLOOR, THANI NOPPARAT BUILDING Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Mr. Chatchat said that the issue of free marijuana is a concern, with 3 departments in Bangkok, namely the Medical Office, the Health Bureau and the Education Bureau. Therefore, Bangkok monitors and educates students and teachers, along with the idea of drafting a declaration to make schools in Bangkok cannabis-free. For example, do not sell in front of the school because you do not want children to touch this part. Bangkok will evaluate and want schools under Bangkok to be free of marijuana first, which is new, but when the law comes out, it must be followed.
Prawit Wonmob thinks about the city, reiterates this government is elected.|Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The deputy prime minister, speaking at the rally that has begun to return, said the protests were pro-democracy, insisting that the current government followed the democratic process and asked the protesters to consider the situation in the country as foreign tourists are now pouring into the country and the city is undergoing a period of reconstruction. The youths who come out to protest may lose their future if the authorities act according to the law, while insisting that the government does not use violence against the protesters. Prawit as head of the Pracharat Party He also mentioned cases where there was a name that was caught in the discussion and distrusted, that there was a name all round even though he didn't supervise anything. Therefore, he did not know what the opposition was going to discuss, and he did not take the exam, but if he said something untrue, he would clarify that it was not true and that he had not done anything wrong. So I don't know what to hit. He fulfilled all his duties and ensured that there would be no problems with voting on the government side. The 2023 budget bill, Gen. Prawit also congratulated Mr. Thammasat. Brahma Tribe The head of the Thai Economic Party, while on the news of the cabinet reshuffle, Gen Prawit, said he did not know about Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha. Will the Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence join hands with the Prime Minister to move forward? Prawit said the prime minister is still working every day. I've been making the nation for 8 years and I'm not tired. He's tired, go ask him.
"Prayuth" Insist the government works day and night. Thailand faces a long-standing energy crisis|Today, Oct. 14 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister said the government is working hard all the time to solve the problems of the people's well-being as much as possible. From the global economic crisis, whether it is energy prices, inflation, which is unreliable. The government has been monitoring the situation to address the issue on an ongoing basis, and many of them are highly vulnerable and uncertain if they make mistakes. Insist the government cares about all citizens, energy prices, consumer goods. It has assigned relevant agencies to monitor because some products have price increases outside the controlled range of more than 200 items, but there are some items that have not been announced but raised prices first. He sees it as too much. Everyone has to help each other because of the economic downturn at all levels, including the upper, middle and lower levels. He insisted that he understood and would manage everything to the best of his ability, while many parties believed that energy prices should be cheaper. Prayuth said he would have to look at other countries' energy prices to see what factors were causing the price difference, and the government is now trying to find more energy sources to find energy sources on land and sea. Everything is in the process of being considered, which needs to be done, because otherwise in the future, Thailand will have to face such problems for the issue of the refining cost that increases by 8 baht per liter. The Prime Minister said that at the moment it is not known where this figure came from because the figures are not yet available. The price of oil will also fall. prime minister He said that this is not the case because there is a law to regulate it and must also look at the cost of production of entrepreneurs because there are many factors related to each other and has assigned the Ministry of Energy to clarify further. Insist the relevant authorities are working to solve the problems for the people on a day-to-day basis and will continue to seek appropriate measures at the same time. The Prime Minister believes that Thailand will have to live with this situation for a long time. If the situation abroad is still like this. Because Thailand is in the chain of the global economy.
Anutin said marijuana overdose to death is not just born. "Don't be intrusive."|Today, Oct. 14 Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health Mention the case reported by the Bureau of Health and Education, Bangkok. Four patients have been diagnosed with marijuana use, one of whom was a marijuana overdose that led to death. But why are only cases reported? What he wants, asks reporters to evaluate and analyze, and reiterates that he does not interfere or compare with others that he is not good for the people and insists that people who come to work in politics. Asked by reporters if he would cut out politics, how would he warn people about marijuana use? The goal is to require medical use. As for the consumption. He reiterated that he has always warned that smoking marijuana is not a good thing. In school, smoking was also hit. If you smoke marijuana, you'll be fired. However, smoking marijuana can be avoided. This is no different from drinking alcohol or smoking, which is not indispensable when asked if letting people think for themselves is a burden. Mr. Anutin replied in an irritated tone, "This is a question. We say use marijuana for medical purposes. If you say we throw, it's a good throw to the public when asked if the news is being released. To hope for that outcome, Mr. Anutin said. This is not a political matter, it has passed so far, go and see when proposing the Cannabis Hemp Act, there are both opposition MPs and the government. In the case of senators proposing to issue a decree (Act) during the vacuum while waiting for the legalization of marijuana, hemp is completed, Mr. Anutin stated that there is already a notification from the Ministry of Public Health, but when anyone gives any suggestions, we are ready to study it for its benefit and see how it can be implemented. However, the act proposed by the Senate is considered redundant because it is already in the announcement of the Ministry of Health, and soon the bill that the House is considering is nearing completion. It won't be a problem to worry about, but conscientiously, because it's misused, such as drug use that isn't about treating diseases or improving health, which is not the intent of making marijuana free. We've been trying to understand the correct medical use of marijuana for over 3 years, not just freeing it without studying anything. Because it is intended to achieve good health for the people. But there are attempts to combine this with politics and try to discredit the policies of the Bhumjaithai Party.
The Government Whip voted to overturn the draft. Marriage Equality Act Life Partner Act, but willing to amend|Today, Oct. 14 Mr. Chinworn Bunyakiat, MP, Nakhon Si Thammarat Democratic Party As Deputy Chairman of the Coalition Government Coordinating Committee (Government Whip) The Government Whip's resolution on the bill will go to the House for consideration. Tomorrow (May 15) On the issue of granting LGBTQ persons the right to marital status or marriage equality, there will be 4 bills to be considered, namely, by the government whip resolution, that is, all 4 bills will be considered at the same time because they have the same principles and details. The other three will accept the principle, although the Government Whip has voted against the principle of the Marriage Equality Bill. However, the consideration of the other 3 bills will receive comments to improve for maximum benefit. A total of 25 people considered it at the same time. Mr. Chuan Escape President of the National Assembly Schedule a joint session of Parliament. On 16-17 June 2022 to consider the Draft National Police Act B.E. .... The Extraordinary Commission has completed its deliberations. Revealed today The Speaker of parliament will convene a three-party whip meeting, which is expected to discuss the time frame for the debate, as there are many members who reserve the amendment, which makes the debate somewhat delayed.
"Yes, for you," urged the Democrat congressman. #สมรสเท่าเทียม|Instead, you are free-spirited. Chairman of the Committee on Human Rights and Gender Equality Democratic Party He told Sanook News that after receiving a message from the party about the government whip meeting, the resolution was overturned. The bill to amend the Civil and Commercial Code or the Marriage Equality Bill has already clarified to Ong-a-Klampaiboon, deputy party leader and chairman of the Democrat MP, that it is a free vote at the discretion of MPs, not a party resolution, since he has been working in this field for 3 years with all groups of LGBTQ people. They only want marriage equality. It's not about having fun, it's about life, saying that if people don't touch it, they won't know why they want marriage equality. Many adults do not have full knowledge and understanding, especially religious groups, which have to ask why men and women have the right to marry, whether they are human beings as well, or some people who are still concerned about morality, but themselves see it as irrelevant, because the right to freedom of sex or gender diversity is not a matter of morality or religion. Otherwise, Thailand is prohibited from selling liquor or selling marijuana with the government's proposed companion bill. It gives unequal rights, and it doesn't draft a companion law, it gives unequal rights, it's unequal. This law discriminates against or pushes LGBTQ people into second-class citizens who do not have the right to make decisions in their own marriage from a political point of view. As he has been listening to for the past three years, this is an important opportunity and unfortunately the government is not taking this opportunity to give space to everyone." It has been in society for a long time, but it has been blocked and suppressed, it is time to open up space for him to live happily and with the law. It makes the international community see that Thailand is civilized. modern and alert to freedom" on your behalf. Say tomorrow, instead of you, will lead the Rainbow Party and Pete. People with positive blood go and file a letter. Chuan Escape Speaker of the House of Representatives At 10.00 a.m., while talking to MPs in the party who are close to supporting this bill, one of them is the valiant who agrees, which is usually the law on the right to freedom, the party usually gives free votes, however, if the party does not support this bill, itself may not have a place or stand on different sides from the party. If so, the content of marriage equality must be adjusted as much as possible, especially Article 3, or there must be a movement to create a greater understanding of society, as well as find sub-level political mechanisms to support the right to create families for LGBTQ people.
#สมรสเท่าเทียม Twitter Netizens flocked to the government's MPs for depriving them of their rights.|Hashtags #สมรสเท่าเทียม It has become popular again among Twitter users in Thailand. On Tuesday (June 14) To call on members of the House of Representatives (MPs) Voted on a bill that would allow people of all genders to marry on Wednesday (June 15). Boonyakiat, Mp., Nakhon Si Thammarat District 5 Democrat Party representing the people of Thung Yai Thampanra, Chawang and Phipun said earlier that same day that the government whip had resolved to allow MPs of the ruling coalition party to join the government. Instead, he supported the government's Marriage Equality Bill, which gives more rights to diverse couples than the average male and female couple. But when it comes to people's rights, they act like LGBT people are beggars, while one comment invites netizens to write down the names of MPs and parties that do not support the bill. To make decisions in the next election. Most of the comments in the hashtag are also against the Marriage Act because they think that if the government's bill is passed, it will further distance the marriage rights and make those who do not understand equality see it as elbow-taking. And in the past, Thailand has had a terrible lesson with the "get first" discourse that has already happened with the 2017 Constitution.
"Chatchat" Jang Lai Yip sells his inherited land in Rama 4 and buys a house in Seattle.|"Chatchat" elaborates on Rama 4 land for sale, buys Seattle house, once informed P.S. Use the wife's name first because the son is underage, when he reaches the age of majority, he transfers it according to the normal procedure, not hiding Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, governor of Bangkok. It has clarified the case for broadcasting luxury homes. Two floors, 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and a garden in front of the house, priced at 72 million baht, in Seattle, Washington, USA, that this house has the name of the database of houses owned by Mr. Sanpiti Sittiphan, the real owner of the house, was transferred from Mrs. Pramintiya Sittiphan, mother, on May 4, 2022, with a tax base valuation of US$1.7 million (about 58 million baht). While the market price was US$2.2 (about 72 million baht), the Governor of Bangkok said that 7 years ago, he inherited 1 rai of land from his mother to Dr. Ichai Sittiphan, who had already informed the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) by giving this land to his son. The money that sold the land was then used to buy a house for $1.4 million (about 49 million baht) by putting in the name of Mrs. Pramintiya Sittiphan, mother. I had the idea to sell this house, but I was advised by the realtor to transfer it to Mr. Sanpiti's name first. For tax reasons, the transfer is made in accordance with the normal procedure.
Don't miss out on the lottery! Look at the car registration of the Prime Minister in sakon nakhon area. Lucky draw 16/6/65|Look at the car registration of the Prime Minister to the Sakon Nakhon area, win luck for the period 16/6/65, ask strong people, do not be discouraged, fight together, everything is at heart. Admits to being tired of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense with Gen. Anupong Tribejinda Minister of The Interior Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society Mr. Suchart Chom scent The Minister of Labour visited the inspector general's office in Sakon Nakhon province, where the second point was to visit the Phu Phan Development Study Center due to the Royal Initiative, using a Toyota Alphard car, registration number 1BS 2605, Bangkok, as soon as the Prime Minister arrived. Deputy Governor of Sakon Nakhon Province with Director The Royal Thai Government welcomed and gave a lecture on promoting subsistence agriculture such as goat farming and black pig breeding. The project is a development from the Center and the delivery of animal breeding to farmers, reiterating that the project is due to the Royal Initiative that must be continued. The Prime Minister told the people who were waiting to welcome him that the Prime Minister met with the villagers and asked everyone to be strong and keep fighting. It's all on the mind. It is important to fight, to be patient, and the government to take care of it, and to get through it. Accept that it may be difficult or exhausting. Admit that you're tired of worrying. Brother, Aunt, Grandfather All grandmothers, because we are one family. The Prime Minister has a family of 70 million people and will try to make everyone happy. Before calling out applause from the people who were waiting to greet them, they took a group photo together and said before returning home that they were encouraging, "Don't be discouraged, we must fight together.
11. I found a dilemma! The opposition filed a motion. The debate is expected in the middle of the month. Jul.|Today, Oct. 15 Dr. Cholnan Srikaew S.S. Nan Leader of the Party for Thailand (PT) As Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives The leader of the opposition Coalition submitted a motion to open a debate on distrust of individual ministers under Article 151 of the Constitution. Speaker of the House of Representatives. The petition seeks to open a general debate to resolve individual distrust of ministers. It said it proposed to open a general debate to resolve the distrust of ministers individually in accordance with Article 151 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. 2017. The following is the list of circumstances and matters to be discussed. This follows that during his eight years in office, he has served as prime minister. Error failed. It cannot solve problems for the country. It cannot create economic growth and well-being for the people at all. On the contrary, it turned out to be the root cause of complicating existing problems. Broaden and exacerbate both economic problems. Politics, crime, drugs, corruption The nation's divisions have widened even more, especially the corruption problem in the era of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, which has reached an all-time high, spreading to all parts of society. This is the result of General Prayut Chan-o-cha's lack of integrity, lack of wisdom, lack of knowledge, incompetence, inefficiency, and lack of sense of responsibility. Lack of leadership to head the government, a leader with a mental disability, clinging to power. Disrespect for the rule of law, lack of morality and ethics, and failure of the public administration. Politically, economically, economically and socially, there is a habit of allowing their surroundings and allies to exploit the suffering of their fellow citizens. Failure to comply with the Constitution and the law, ignoring corruption in the public sector for the benefit of themselves and their allies. Budget spending does not take into account fiscal discipline, but rather generates debt in pursuit of political popular vote. Ignoring the public debt burden and the people's per capita debt, it is called "an era of enormous debt to bring about without benefiting the country and the people". Inattention and failure to correct deficiencies in the administration of the national government in accordance with the allegations and recommendations of the Council. Deliberately performing duties and exercising powers contrary to the provisions of the Constitution and the law. Serious violations and non-compliance with ethical standards, lack of democratic conscience, lack of respect for people's rights and freedoms, and use the law as a political tool to silence people and block freedom of the press. Human rights violations Use the budget for the procurement of armaments. That is not necessary for the country's mission in a situation where the country has serious economic problems. Not overseeing the effective use of the national budget. Productive Not protecting the interests of the nation and the people, the result of gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's administration will cause the country to go backwards. The inequality between the poor and the rich is widening. More and more people are unemployed and new graduates are jobless. The business relocates its production base to another country. New investors are also investing less. Meanwhile, social problems include drugs. Crime, especially technological crime, is increasingly damaging and distressing to the people without the government's ability to effectively prevent and solve such problems under the circumstances of such people's suffering and misery. Instead, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has allowed his allies and his surroundings to commit widespread corruption and misconduct. Inattention to prevention and suppression. Money and benefits are used for their own political survival. This undermines the parliamentary system and democratic principles, causing the parliamentary system to fall into disrepair, and the mechanisms in the parliamentary system to be corrupted and corrupt. No honesty is evident. Knowingly sympathize with or neglect to commit corruption in the organization or regulatory authority. Causing serious damage to the government Exercising authority in a position of authority Seek benefits for themselves and their allies. Not suspending, restraining, neglecting to follow up on corruption issues in order to compensate the state for the damage caused. The failure and incompetence of the Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Public Administration to regulate the price of consumer goods has risen to the extent that it affects people's livelihoods and private sector business operations. It affects people everywhere. Deliberately performing duties or exercising powers contrary to the Constitution or the law. Serious violations or non-compliance with ethical standards, no manifest integrity, no moral ethics, no conscience of being a good politician. There is behavior that destroys the political system through sympathy. Support the use of funds and benefits to aim for pull. MPs from other political parties join their political affiliations regardless of democratic principles and political virtues, allowing the political system to go back to the era of spending money and benefits to build a political power base. It is a political business that undermines democratic ideals. Shifting from a politically led moral system to money and political interests, Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul has also failed, grossly defected, and is incompetent in public administration of the Ministry of Health. The national budget is overused and unprofitable. Damage to the national budget Aim to benefit your friends. Exploit their position and duties. Deliberately performing duties or exercising power contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law, intentionally failing to comply with the Constitution and the law. There is no manifest integrity, aiming to create wealth in the position of duty. Knowingly sympathize or allow corruption and wrongful exploitation, regardless of the damage caused to the country. Unconscious and irresponsible in office. It does not set a good example for the prevention and suppression of corruption, but instead acts as an example of avoiding compliance with laws aimed at preventing and suppressing corruption. When corruption is witnessed, it protects and does not take corrective action, no integrity is evident. Lack of good governance, gross mismanagement of the national government. Exercising authority contrary to the provisions of the Constitution and the law, leaving aside widespread corruption of regulatory authorities. When they knew that there was corruption, they did not suppress it, but instead they consented to such actions that it made corruption a normal part of official duties. As a result, the bureaucracy and the nation have suffered serious damage, no integrity is evident. Administer the national government regardless of the national interest. Exercising authority in a position of authority to seek benefits for oneself and one's allies. Implement policies regardless of cost-effectiveness in terms of budget expenditure. Large budgets are spent without bringing economic and public benefits. As a result, the country loses huge opportunities and budgets, using its status or position to act directly or indirectly. This is to interfere with the performance of the duties of government officials in the Ministry of Transport for the benefit of themselves and their allies, and the political parties they are affiliated with refrain from ensuring strict compliance with the law to the detriment of the land. Not ensuring fair price competition Having a conflict of interest and acting in a conflict of interest, deliberately performing duties and exercising powers contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law in order to allow oneself to benefit from various government programs. Serious violations and non-compliance with ethical standards, gross failure of the national administration, gross defects. Ignoring technological crimes that destroy the economy and cause widespread damage to the public and increasing in number without paying attention and lacking the knowledge and ability to prevent and suppress. Students who criticize the government use the law as a political tool. In addition, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn has deliberately performed his duties or exercised power contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law. Good moral misconduct. Serious violations and non-compliance with ethical standards, no integrity is evident. Failed, incompetent in overseeing social development and human security. Leave people homeless and living expenses. Instead, the use of the national budget is aimed at exploiting themselves and their allies. This causes the quality of life of the people to deteriorate. Lack of opportunities to develop one's own potential, lack of integrity is evident. Dishonesty of duties, neglect of corruption and exploitation in the supervisory authorities. For the benefit of the private sector Not protecting the interests of the nation. Intentionally performing duties or exercising powers contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law. Serious violations or non-compliance with ethical standards, incompetence in public administration. Malpractice No honesty is evident. Intentionally performing duties or exercising powers contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law. Serious violations or non-compliance with ethical standards, neglect, knowing, encouraging corruption and exploitation within regulatory authorities. Failure to investigate, suspend, deter, and prevent corruption that causes serious damage to the government without integrity is evident. There are circumstances of dishonesty and misconduct in the performance of duties. Act in a conflict of interest, exercising authority in a position of authority to benefit oneself and one's allies. Deliberately performing duties or exercising power contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or the law, neglecting to exploit the importation of migrant workers into the country. It allows large private individuals to exploit illegal labor. Serious violations or non-compliance with ethical standards as a result of the public administration and the behavior of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha and the 11 ministers mentioned above. It has caused immense damage to the nation. The nation has suffered a severe downturn in all aspects, including political, economic and social. People lose the opportunity to have a good quality of life and livelihood guarantees. Trouble to every patch of grass. "Rich and poor" and "high cost of living, low quality of life", if allowed Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and such ministers to continue to run the national government, will cause damage to the nation and people that will be difficult to remedy. Dr. Cholnan added that after submitting the petition, it is estimated that the time required for preliminary discussion is 5 days, which is expected to be between July 18-22.
Chuen Nuen "Ung Inc." welcomes "Dance Nattawut" home as Family Director for Thailand|Ung-ink Paethongthan Shinawatra welcomed Nattawut Saiyakue home as family director for Thailand, believing that it would be another important coalition. Organized a family activity for Thailand to reach the goal of "Land Slide" amid the red shirt brothers cheering warmly today (June 15). Pheu Thai Party organized "Family for Thailand to Welcome 'He' Home" event by Ms. Pathongthath Shinawatra, President of Engagement and Innovation Advisory and Head of Family for Thailand. Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue took over as Director of Family for Thailand to lead the army in family activities for Thailand that over the past 3 months has launched Family for Thailand, a political activity designed to reduce legal requirements so that everyone can truly participate in politics. However, Families for Thailand need to improve their work to make their families stronger. And to the people in all groups, Ms. Paethongthan said that today is very pleased that Mr. Nattawut went home. Return to family for Thailand to help each other to work because not only is loved by the people, but also understands the Party for Thailand, always fighting shoulder to shoulder with the people. Personally, I am very pleased and honored to work together"The fact that we announced the subject of the 'land slide' on many occasions, in many places we went. We want democracy to be a winner so that our brothers and sisters can get out of poverty. We have long wasted our time on dictatorships. It puts us all behind in everything. It's time for us to join forces and today I have a strong conviction that our dancers are dancing. Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue will be another important force to make this house stronger. Because she understands the Party for Thailand very well and understands the problems of the people deeply." The head of the family for Thailand said:
Senator Thanawat speaks heartily, can go to Mars But why don't LGBTQ+ rights be accepted?|representative Party Roster Teacher Than-Thanawat Kamolwongwat Debate in the House of Representatives on Wednesday (June 15) on a draft amendment to the Civil and Commercial Code that allows people of all sexes to marry equally. With words that call on fellow MPs to recognize that everyone is equally human. No one is unnatural, and equal rights should be granted under the law as well." It's natural. It's a science that has breath, it's a science because the wind has breath. Tanya didn't understand why we were going to produce a spacecraft, so she flew out and picked up the Mars rock and said to the planet, 'This is science, this is the rock of Mars.' We flew that far to accept extraterrestrial science, but the person standing next to you, your friend, you don't accept it and see them as unnatural," said Thanawat MP. #สมรสเท่าเทียม has also been heavily discussed among Twitter users in Thailand to follow the debate and vote on the marriage equality bill and the draft. Mrs. Amarat Chokpamitkul, a list MP, stepped forward. The debate on the same day that religious claims should not be put forward as an issue. Many countries where the majority of the population are Christians still have marriage laws that allow same-sex people to register. Because it is based on equality and the principle of being a state over religion. Christianity does not accept the love that is not that of the male and female partners. List form from far-right party He said the lack of laws to accommodate diverse couples has led to higher living costs than the average male and female couple, such as buying a house for 3 million baht. Male and female couples can borrow together and get an interest rate of only 5.97%, while couples of different genders have to pay interest up to 7.72%, which means that they have to pay only interest on mortgage payments that are higher than 1.26 million baht. "There's no reason for us not to accept the draft. Marriage Equality Act And then push lgbt people to use the Marriage Act, which both acts do not make LGBTQ people spouses. I believe that everyone here knows that they are not equal. If we are representatives of the people, we are deprived of the rights of the people. "Today's vote will show you that you see LGBTQ people as people like you, or just second-class citizens, and today the public will remember who voted and who did what for them. Thank you," said Mr. Jirat Thongsuwan, MP for Chachoengsao Province. Ban Pho Bangpakong and Panyao argued that they did not understand why some MPs considered the love of diverse couples to be unnatural. "It's unnatural, what's wrong? Is it unnatural to build a dam today? Is wearing clothes unnatural? Or that you were born wearing a suit when you were born out of your mother's belly. Is it unnatural? You weren't wearing a watch. Unnatural, this is weighing anyone's head. Unnatural, this hurts anyone's heart. It causes anyone trouble for natural liability. Are you a ruler of natural law? Why do you accept that everyone is the same, it's a loss of dignity, I don't understand, it's a waste of pride in being born a man's nation, a man's nation?" "The law we're talking about doesn't talk about marriage at all. It does not mean marriage. Not to mention engagement. I'm not talking about property. It's just saying that people are equal, that's what you're going to mess with him. It's weighing anyone's head, I want to know, let him get married. Let people be equal. Who will he marry? What are you busy with? He didn't invite you to the wedding anyway." Where does it trouble you? He didn't invite you to the wedding anyway. You don't have to put an envelope on him," said Jirat Thongsuwan, a far-right party MP. Chachoengsao District 4 In addition to the far-right party. The Pheu Thai Party is also a party that has made it clear that it will support the marriage equality bill against Ms Mukda. Phongsombat, MP for Khon Kaen, Party for Thailand, representative of the people A.Khao Suan Kwang Ubonrat Ban Fang and Ban Kho Samran Subdistrict, Non Ton District T. Sawathi Khon Kaen sees that the marriage equality bill does not exceed the rights that diverse people should enjoy under the Constitution." I plead that humanity must be equal. Body physiology is part of the structure, but at the same time, the structure of the body or the rights that he is entitled to under the Constitution should not be divided." Mrs. Mukda Pongsombat "Marriage equality is (being) equality of humanity only. He did not demand anything by law, but the rights he was granted (not) were consistent with the current situation. The world has changed."
Bill #สมรสเท่าเทียม went to the House to pass Agenda 1 with the Companion Bill.|Today, Oct. 15 House of Representatives Meetings A bill that is in the public interest on the issue of granting LGBTQ persons the right to marital status or marriage equality has been considered. At 4:20 p.m., the House of Representatives convened. Resolved to adopt the principle of drafting the Act to amend the Civil and Commercial Code #สมรสเท่าเทียม With 210+2 votes in favour = 212 against, 180 against, 12 abstentions, the remaining 3 bills were adopted. 25 members will jointly consider the bill in all details before presenting it back to the House of Representatives for a 2-3 vote.
"Shakti" Sign 9 declarations that schools in Bangkok must be cannabis-hemp free|Governor Chatchat signs declaration of schools under Bangkok as "cannabis-hemp-free" areas 9 measures to be imposed today (June 15) Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, has signed the Bangkok Declaration on monitoring the problems caused by the use of marijuana or hemp in students of schools affiliated with Bangkok. There are 9 surveillance measures with the following in mind: Bangkok Announcement on Monitoring problems caused by the use of marijuana or hemp in students of schools affiliated with Bangkok, where it is appropriate to establish preventive measures and be aware of problems caused by the use of marijuana or hemp in students of schools affiliated with Bangkok By virtue of Section 49 of the Bangkok Public Administration Regulation Act B.E. 2528, therefore, announced measures and surveillance of problems caused by the use of cannabis or hemp in students of bangkok affiliated schools. Here's how: From now on.
"Dharmanus" post a vote in favour. #สมรสเท่าเทียม But the data revealed no consensus.|"Dharma" posted a vote in favor of the draft. Marriage Equality Act But the House of Representatives did not show up to vote on the four bills, reporters reported. The Marriage Equality Act of the Progressive Party and the government's version of the bill, including 4 bills, are the Thammasat Brahmaputra Party. The head of the Thai Economic Party posted on Facebook. "Today, my brothers and sisters of the Thai Economic Party voted in favour. The Marriage Equality Act benefits people because everyone has the right to love and build a family equally. This is the right every human being should have. I congratulate all the people. What is done is beneficial to the people? Dharmanus All Brahmins and brothers and sisters are welcome." Minutes from the Secretariat of the House of Representatives It was found that R.A. Thamnus He did not appear to have voted on the four bills.
Minister Somsak is glad marriage equality - life partner through the first term, must be completed in 3 months|Justice Minister Somsak Thepsutin said on Thursday (June 16) that he was pleased with the diverse people that the House of Representatives had voted to adopt the four marriage equality and marriage equality bills for consideration in the next session. Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Mr Somsak said that although he did not go to the Extraordinary Commission to consider these 4 bills by himself, the ministry sent a representative, Mr. Bornchok Kasemwongjit. The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Protection of Rights and Freedoms, who directly works on the rights of people of different genders, Mr. Somsak went on to say that as the Ministry of Justice is the most proponent of the law and has made a law to prevent recidivism as soon as 21 days, he would like to make a recommendation in the commission to reduce the status of political parties and take advantage of LGBTQ people because if the details are to be debated, it will not be timely for the house period that is only 8 months. This law cannot benefit LGBTQ people, so please keep an eye out because I understand that some people don't want it to end because they know it's not going to end, but they want to drag it out as a political issue in the days ahead," Mr Somsak said.
Prime Bowling Improved symptoms - change of office Big Jazz, leave it to the people who do it, be careful with your child.|Prime Bowling Big Jazz Son Symptoms improve. Change office Big Jazz Declare someone to be careful with your child, Lieutenant Colonel. Dr. Trilupath Thupkraang (Bowling President) The mayor of Rangsit, Pathum Thani province, after flickering, shook his green hand. Measuring over 180 high pressure, there was a blurred vision, almost unconscious. He was taken to the hospital and had to be treated at a hospital for 2 days and then treated with alternative medicine from Lt. Gen. Khamranawit Thupkraang. Mr. K. P. Pathumthani until his condition improved. Able to travel to work at Rangsit Municipality as usual. The office was replaced with evil. Time and be more careful on the side. Pol. Lt. Gen. Khamranawit said, "The health department for the doctor to check is normal, but my herbal science says that it is abnormal because I chewed this herb and the tongue turned black, but other people do not, indicating that they will have to find contaminants. If this happens at night No one saw it. He may have flared and died, which doctors may have determined was acute cardiac and brain ischemia. After this, on Saturday, I will have to treat him again so that the blood supply to the brain and heart. It's not 100 percent blood supply to the brain right now, but now he's back to work."
The Thai economy leans toward marriage equality for the people. There is no implication of a detergent battle.|After the House of Representatives adopted the principle of the 1st session on Wednesday (June 15) of the four bills with the same characteristics of giving the right to marry and build families of same-sex couples like heterosexual couples, Thai Economic Party secretary-general Pai Likk and MP Kamphaeng Phet told Sanook News that it was in line with the party's meeting that sympathizes with those who want to accept the bill and will benefit from it. We should not push LGBTQ people to be second-class citizens of the country. Moreover, yesterday's hearing was only for 1 term, with 2 remaining agendas to come out as law, to kick off the leg from the beginning, without taking into account the details or amending it, is wrong, the Secretary-General of the Thai Economic Party said. "At the same time, Granting same-sex marriage rights also has economic benefits. If this law is enacted The world will see that Thailand is open and not prejudiced against gender diversity. Many couples may want to get married or honeymoon in Thailand, but the thai economic party is more focused on this issue is the rights, the secretary-general of the Thai Economic Party added. A majority of MPs in the party agreed with the four laws and it is not yet time to decide which one is better. Because now it's just the first step and the law needs to be updated in the next step." If he is in love, he will marry. Why don't you give him a little bit of love?" Phai Likk, secretary-general of the Thai Economic Party, reiterated that Thammasat Phrompao The party leader always said that our party left the power of pracharat to work alongside the people. What the public wants We can't resist. They need space, but they don't want it to be political, it's a symbolic vote before there's a distrust debate. Because if you're afraid of voting, this will reflect a distrustful debate. Shouldn't we vote for the people for matters that benefit the people?
The court ordered his wife and children to pay Bangkok 587 million baht for the fire-fighting car-boat case.|Supreme Administrative Court Standing by the central government, the judge ordered his wife and children to "apply" for the former governor of Bangkok to pay 587 million baht. In the case of purchasing a fire truck and boat, the Supreme Administrative Court The court read the judgment standing by the judgment of the Central Administrative Court in favour of Mrs. Surat Sunthornvej, wife of Mr. Prasad Sunthornvej, former Governor of Bangkok Mahakorn, Mrs. Kanjanakorn Chailap and Mrs. Kandapa Aimthin. The heirs of Mr. Applicant's estate must jointly indemnify Bangkok in case Mr. Apply commits an offense related to the procurement of fire trucks and boats. After the National Anti-Corruption Office (NACC) The allegations were made in conjunction with Austria's Steiner Daimler Puk Special Fahrsoyk Co., Ltd. The Supreme Administrative Court reasoned that when Mr. Apply is the highest commander of Bangkok and is authorized to approve the order, he should be liable to Bangkok. At the rate of 30% of the damage value from the amount of 1,958,600,000 baht, the amount of liability is 587,580,000 baht. It is not a liability which, by law or otherwise, is purely personal to the deceased applicant, and therefore the rightful heirs of the three applicants. Therefore, it is liable to indemnify bangkok for such amount. The compensation shall be paid within 60 days from the date of the case to the end. If the lawsuit filed by Bangkok Steier, before the Intellectual Property and International Trade Court, asked for the revocation of the recall agreement. The court shall finally decide whether the parties shall be reinstated, or the ICC International Arbitral Tribunal shall decide to award the parties a good deal of damages, and the three legitimate heirs of the applicant shall be liable in accordance with the ratio prescribed by the court. Only responsible for that, but not exceeding the estate of the applicant, which is vested in him, and shall return some of the court fees in respect of the winning of the case in the Central Administrative Court and in the Supreme Administrative Court to Bangkok.
Thai Build Thai Party Economic Team The state taxed stocks, smashed the investment market engine!|In the midst of a recession The Ministry of Finance is preparing to propose to the Cabinet a 0.1% financial transaction tax, clarifying that it has been exempted since 1991 and will give a period of 90 days after the announcement of the royal decree to allow brokers to make information systems and remit taxes to the Revenue Department on Suphan Mongkolsuthee. Speaking to Sanook News, the head of the Economic Team of the Thai People's Party and former chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries, Sanook News said that many of the country's economic engines are not fully capable of returning to full power. Agriculture, tourism, and industry Government spending does not meet the need for money flow to the microeconomy, but capital markets are another engine of recovery. Although it has not grown much, it is considered the strongest compared to other Southeast Asian countries due to the active SET and favorable conditions for investment. If the tax on shares is issued, which is a highly sensitive market, it may affect the confidence of investors and investment institutions. He may be able to pull back the money quickly, and this could cause the Thai capital market to fall sharply. During bad economic times, trading is minimal. Taxation now will also get low income. However, it may reduce the value of investment in the market to almost 100 billion baht. Suphan suggested that the tax should be started next year, wait for the economy to be good or fully recover first, because he believes that even if there is a 90-day period, the economy will not recover in time. As evidenced by the international market, it has fallen by almost 30%. If there is an infection, it makes people unsure. It's not easy to get people back and say collect taxes today. Suphan said the government should find new ways to earn money by using the borrowed money to invest in other economic engines, such as opening up the country, stimulating tourism, promoting agriculture to have more productivity and better quality for exports and responding to the current global food crisis.
"Pai Likk" Yan, Thai Economic Party voted #สมรสเท่าเทียม For the people, not about the war.|After the House of Representatives adopted the principles in Agenda 1 of the four bills with the same characteristics, which are to give marriage and family rights of same-sex couples the same as heterosexual couples, namely the Marriage Bill proposed by the Cabinet, the Bill to amend the Civil and Commercial Code proposed by the Cabinet, the Marriage Bill proposed by the Democratic Party, and the Bill to amend the Civil and Commercial Code proposed by the Progressive Party. The opposition bill received 212 votes in favor, 180 against, 12 abstentions and 12 votes in favor of the Thai Economic Party. We should not push LGBTQ people to be second-class citizens of the country. Also, yesterday's hearing was only for 1 term, with 2 remaining to come into law. It's not right to kick a leg without considering the details or modifying it. Granting same-sex marriage rights also has economic benefits. If this law is enacted The world will see that Thailand is open and not prejudiced against gender diversity. Many couples may want to get married or honeymoon in Thailand, but the Thai Economic Party is more focused on this issue is the party's view of human equality. What he likes, he deserves that kind of love. A majority of MPs in the party agreed with the four laws and it is not yet time to decide which one is better. Because now it's just the first step, there is still a need to update the law in the next step"Nowadays, it is difficult for the gender group to apply for a job, if he has love to marry, why not give him some...what kind of love should he have?" Thai Economic Party secretary-general Said Pai reiterated that Thammasat Phrompao The party leader always said that our party left the power of pracharat to work alongside the people. What the public wants We can't resist. They need space, but they don't want it to be political, it's a symbolic vote before there's a distrust debate. Because if you're afraid of voting, this will reflect a distrustful debate. Shouldn't we vote for the people for matters that benefit the people?
Revealing "Prayuth-Chatchachart" First meeting!|Today, Oct. 17 At 9:30 a.m. at The Peace Building, Government House. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense presided over the meeting of the Covid-19 Management Committee. 2019 (COVID-19) No. 9/2022 or E.B.C. with Deputy Prime Minister Ministers and representatives of relevant agencies attended, including Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok. The meeting was held for the first time. Gen. Anupong Tribejinda The Minister of The Interior is the escort of Mr. Chatchachart, along with Mr. Premeshwar Ngampichet Pattaya City Mayor Meet the Prime Minister in the Yellow Room After the official inauguration by Mr. Vishnu Groupam The deputy prime minister also attended the talk, which lasted about 20 minutes. Gen. Anupong and Mr. Chatchat exchanged views. Before the Prime Minister invited everyone to the meeting room, except Mr. Vishnu, who was on a mission outside the Government House and immediately entered the meeting room. Gen Prayuth greeted Mr Chatchat and Mr Prameswar, both of whom rose to greet the attendees in the room, and received a formal applause.
Hey! B.C. Green light to remove mask in open air The venue is open until 2 a.m. starting July 1.|Today, Oct. 17 The source, who is one of the executive directors of the coronavirus pandemic. 2019 (COVID-19) or The General Assembly revealed after the meeting that the meeting approved the proposal of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports to cancel the letter Tm.6. Abolish the Thailand Pass, which foreign tourists do not have to fill out a Thailand Pass before entering the country, and remove masks in some areas, emphasizing that it is voluntary for individuals, especially in the open air, and athletes who exercise can take off their masks. Effective July 1, the vaccine will be administered by the airline. However, service workers are encouraged to continue wearing face masks, including events such as concerts with more than 2,000 attendees, and masks must be worn. At the same time, 77 provinces have been declared green areas.
"Dharma"! You know what you're doing wrong. Just keep it good. Affirmative Action #สมรสเท่าเทียม|Yesterday evening (June 16) R.A. Thammasat Brahmaputra The head of the Thai Economic Party posted a video on his Facebook page titled "Thamnus Phrompao", which is about 4 minutes long, with the message, "I know that being a Thammasat, doing everything is wrong and doing good is always good, but I want the media to see the facts about marriage equality voting as well. Don't deflect the point that I don't support it. The Marriage Equality Act, which the Thai Economic Party voted to support the party's draft, became the main body. And did you see that I voted? Disagreeing with the government's draft," while in the comments box underneath the post, Thammasat also typed a comment: "Or because I don't vote for the government to do this kind of news?". The post was made after R.A. Thamnus. The Facebook post was posted on the evening of June 15. After learning of the resolution, the House of Representatives said that a majority voted in favour of the principles of the bill. The Act amends the Civil and Commercial Code, also known as the Draft. Marriage Equality Act, presented by Mp. Thanawat Kamolwongwat The far-right party said it and the Thai Economic Party had voted in favour of the bill. Instead, it was found that the lawmakers did not present themselves as a quorum and did not vote for the bill, which he clarified that he was on a mission to meet with the party's regional representatives at the party office, causing him to return to vote in time, but in time to vote on whether to take the government's draft or the party's draft to the far-right party. Therefore, there is no point that the party disagrees, and there is clear evidence that when he returned, he voted for the party's body to go further." It appears that it disagrees with the draft of the Council of Ministers (Cabinet) as the main body. Some media outlets are trying to catch the broken pontoon, it is a misunderstanding," Thammasat said the other day.
Amnesty invited a letter to the Justice Minister to release three fasting activists in prison.|Amnesty International Human rights organizations Invite members, activists and supporters Send a letter to the Minister of Justice. Somsak Thepsutin to release three detained activists who were fasting to protest the detention. Social Charms, Bai Po-Natanich Duangmusit and Tawan-Sunflower Tulanon, the first two of whom have been in prison since May 3, began fasting on June 2. "We are concerned that the Thai government is arbitrarily detaining people, given that the three activists have peacefully exercised their human rights, the state's criminal prosecution of the three could result in them receiving decades or even life imprisonment, and also being denied the right to bail. The state continues to use the method of imposing bail conditions that are too stringent for a large number of people." Amnesty Amnesty also urged the Thai government to comply with its international human rights obligations, which the Thai government promises to protect freedom of expression and peaceful assembly, and also calls for a reduction in detention pending trial. click
"Chuch nation" ran through the rain down the nut waste plant. Get a bad smell complaint|Today (June 17) at the Community Solid Waste Disposal Plant for Energy Production, Soi On Nut 86, Prawet District, there is a group of people living in the neighborhood of the solid waste disposal plant. He filed a complaint about the impact of the operation of the solid waste disposal plant. After learning that Bangkok's Governor, Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, will take the floor after attending the meeting. At Government House, Miss Somruthai Representatives of the villagers live in imperial villages. Prawet, who is affected by the operation of the solid waste disposal plant, said, frankly, that he did not want the plant to be close to our village. Today is a very good opportunity for the governor to come, because this area is already a waste industry, but we have really suffered:"Auntie has been here for 20 years, we are worried about the safety of gas cylinders that do not know whether to explode or not, and who will come to assure us, and about the smell, the time when the machines work, we can barely stay at home." When the Governor of Bangkok arrived, a representative of the villagers explained the problem, saying that there are currently 54 villages affected in Prawet, Suan Luang, Ladkrabang and Raja Deva districts. There are both wet and infected garbage, which have different smells. The impacts are smell, noise, smoke, safety from the factory's gas cylinders, as well as health impacts until people in the community fall ill after discussing the problem and its impact. Mr. Chatchachart and a group of villagers walked to see the different areas in the factory. Meanwhile, as the rain fell, Mr. Chhattisgarh had to rush to continue his mission. He then walked semi-run to the villagers' houses to check on Mr. Chatchachart, who said there were avenues to solve the problem. It would have to find a solution that was acceptable to all parties. Safety and public health must be number one. Technically, there should be a solution, but it has to be made available to the locals, who have to listen to each other for a reason. Let's cheer everyone up. Mr. Chuchchart also stated that the focus must be on smell first. The solution doesn't have to wait for the board. But there needs to be a committee to investigate later, and the standards will be implemented well. The villagers' concerns about the judges were not covered. Mr. Chhattisgarh said the matter of directors must be taken seriously. It's not foolproof, because anyone smells it, it's the present, it's not the future, it's not the point. The issue is whether the problem is fully solved, Mr. Chatchachart also said that the existing 500 rai of factory land in the future is thought to be a forest plantation. When the villagers heard the applause, they said, "I Love You."
"Big ass," satisfied. Sell digital lotteries, solve expensive lottery tickets concretely.|The Prime Minister is pleased with the overall distribution of digital lotteries. Pointing out expensive lottery solutions Concretely. Reminding the public to be mindful of the purchase of Mr. Thanakorn, Wang Boonkong won. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Revealed that the sale of digital lotteries The second installment of 5,173,500 copies was sold through the Baotang app from 06:00 on 17 June 2022. For the first payment of the digital lottery prize. The overall picture is in good order. The system has received a notification of the award to the Baotang app. There were 73,191 tickets won, 41,419 winners were awarded and 247,430,000 baht, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said. It's convenient, easy, and hassle-free, whether it's transferring prizes within 12 hours or picking up prizes at the lottery office. As for the 1st prize winners, 4 winners have already contacted the prize money, "The sale of digital tickets for the period of July 1, 2022 has attracted a lot of attention from buyers. It is expected to take time to sell tickets earlier than the previous installments. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is satisfied that the solution to the problem of being able to sell the lottery at a price of 80 baht in a concrete way can be considered as a policy drive from the cooperation of various sectors. The Prime Minister reminded the public not to hope to get rich from being lotteryed. Be mindful of buying, don't buy tickets and cause trouble for yourself and your family," Mr Thanakorn said. 
"Win Saks", "Oops, Inc.", where do you don't know what the prime minister has done?|"Win Sak" snatched "Ung Ink" to hide where he was at 8 years old, Mr. Prayuth said. What to do for the country? Politics is still young, and more should be learned. The Minister's Adviser to the Prime Minister's Office said that ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra's interviews in Sisaket province over the past eight years have not done anything good for the country, saying ms. Pattonghar would not be able to distinguish what is good or bad, who works. Fix the problem for the country, or don't do it because as far as myself and the people have seen, Prime Minister Prayuth. It has always managed to solve various problems, including problems that the shinawatra family has caused, as well as developing the country in many ways, which is very different from that of the people of the Shinawatra family when he was prime minister. I don't see how that would do anything good for the people and the country. It's just for their own families, but they want their families to return to the country, until the whole country comes out and expels them. "Miss Pattongthan, who is hiding where he is, doesn't know what Mr. Prayuth has done, including transport, trains, airports, ports, roads, EEC projects, and many other projects, which are considered to do more than the government of the three Shinawatra people who are prime ministers, including Mr. Thaksin, Ms. Yingluck, Mr. Somchai Wongsawat, so before coming out to criticize anything, let's take the facts and say, not just accuse others." With a political malleability, speechlessness, speechlessness, nostalgia for his father's past, he created a painful heroics against the Thai people. It's going to backfire, self-destructing more. It's no different than the adage "spit in the sky".
Senate President Lance S.W. Smith can set up kinship as an assistant, ensuring it's not unethical.|Senate President Prof. Pete Wichitchonchai said on Monday (June 20) that senators (MPs) were "looking forward to the next phase of the election." Kinship can be established as an assistant and apply the same principles as members of the House of Representatives (MP). The interview came after the Internet for People's Law (ILAW) project published information via websites and social media on June 13 that a number of MPs had set up a number of relatives as aides, and estimated that since taking office in January 2018, they have not been able to do so. May 2019 until this same month of the most recent year. Compensation is paid. "It's not wrong, because it's not illegal, and then asks how it can be unethical, because everything has laws, regulations, and there's no rate change." "Some positions require trusted people, where everything can be verified," said Mr. Trirat Sirichantharapas, a member of the Thai Build Thai Party who is the secretary of the House of Representatives' Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Commission (KMTC). It was revealed on the same day that the matter would be brought to the complaint. "It is directly related to the tax money of the people's brothers and sisters and may be contrary to the S.W.A. Code of Ethics and the 2017 Constitution," Mr Trirat said.
The government is delightful! Thailand ranks in the world's e-Payment ranked no. 3 for real-time payments.|Today (June 20), Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Disclosure of data from ACI Worldwide's survey in collaboration with Global Data. GlobalData, a global data analytics company and the Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR), said that in 2021, Thailand had 9.7 billion real-time payment transactions, ranking third in the world. After India (48.6 billion visits) and China (18.5 billion), this real-time payment boosted economic output by 2.08% of GDP – ranking 2nd out of 30 countries, while in 2020 and 2019, the number of transactions was 5.24 billion and 2.57 billion. It is widely popular with people of all ages and entrepreneurs of all sizes. In addition, the country's payment infrastructure has been recognized according to global standards, driven by the national e-payment policy since 2015 through projects such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has been a major factor in the rise of real-time transactions with Ms. Ratchada. He further stated that the government is committed to driving the National e-Payment policy continuously, which, in addition to facilitating citizens and businesses in financial transactions and economic activities, is also an important mechanism to improve the quality of life of citizens. The government thanked all sectors, including government agencies, the private sector, and the government. Financial institutions and the Bank of Thailand are fully cooperating, and the government will continue to expand its e-Payment services to cover more missions.
Chhattisgarh Yanjad! Not bringing family to work, after "joy". Tell me I want to help.|Chhattisgarh Yanjad! Not bringing family to work, after "joy". I said I wanted to come back and help. Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok (Governor of Bangkok), said the results of the 9th/2022 Meeting of the Executive Committee of Bangkok that at the meeting of the Covid Situation Management Center (NCPO) It was june 17th. There are two dimensions of important information: for the 2023 budget today (June 20). The Chairman of the Bangkok Council will receive the documents from the Budget Office, which, after the consideration is completed, will upload the budget to the website in accordance with the Open Bangkok policy so that the people who own the money know what the money is being used by bangkok. Entertainment venues Pub Bars Karaoke has directed the district office to take precautions against COVID and safety measures such as fire escapes and entrances and exits, and this afternoon will meet with the Digital Government Development Agency to discuss ways to adjust services such as obtaining a permit to be One Stop Service or E-Goverment for transparency Mr. Chuchchart said going to the area in the Governor's Project, saying it was fun because of ideas and information such as not bright lights, rung wires, and initially directed the Bureau of Public Works to temporarily halt construction on Radio Road and Sarasin Road. In the project, the electrical wires were grounded where the pipe cap closure problem was uneven. Ordered to cease for 3 days, to solve the problem similar to the improved Rama 3 Road, the reporter asked about the issue. Mr. Sanpiti Sittiphan In an interview with the press, he said he would come back to help Mr. Chuchchart Lui at the bangkok office. Mr. Chatchachart said he didn't pay much attention because he had a clear idea of not wanting to involve his family in his work. Didn't listen at all. Don't dare to listen. I don't know what I said, but I saw him interviewed and was shocked.
"Sundar Vilaval," said father, Minister Kanokwan, who had surrendered! The lawsuit alleges government officials invaded the forest.|From the case of Mr. Sundar Vilaval Provincial Executive Director Prachin Buri, father of Mrs. Kanokwan Vilaval, Deputy Education Minister, one of the accused in the case of trespassing on Khao Yai National Forest land. Prachinburi province in 2002 was the most recent. In the early hours of this morning (June 21). Mr. Sunthon, who has already requested to be surrendered under an official arrest warrant, has been surrendered to prosecutors. Anti-Corruption Case Office Region 2, Rayong Province There are officers. P.P.C. and P.O.Y.Y. Co-operate, take the arrest record and record the day to Rayong City Council, and then send it to the prosecutor. The Anti-Corruption Office Region 2 to proceed with the criminal court for corruption and misconduct part 2 for the following steps. Mr. Phichit Judaprachakul The Director-General of the Anti-Corruption Office Region 2 confirmed that prosecutors had prepared an indictment. If mr. Sundar is sent, he will immediately submit to the Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct Part 2. The Criminal Court for Corruption issued an arrest warrant, according to the petition. P.P.C. that the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 7, is not included in the case of the accused or the defendant fleeing. This class must be carried out in accordance with the court's issuance of an arrest warrant. Mr. Sundar's surrender today was It was his first appearance after an arrest warrant was issued, and the last time Mr. Sunthon appeared was on June 9, when he was attending a hotel in Laksi, Bangkok.
Chhatchachart Singh Kikit helped burn the community of Bonkai Rama 4.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Officers on Tuesday (June 21) rushed to Boonkai community, Pathumwan District, Bangkok, to expedite rescue and check for damage from the fire at 1pm. 5-6 The roof of the incident prompted the Governor of Bangkok to rush to the scene and at 3.30pm spoke to Mr. Theerayut Bhumiphak. The Director of the Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Bureau of Bangkok, inquiring about the overall situation, Mr. Chatchachart asked the authorities about the amount of time it took for the fire trucks to arrive at the scene because the community was adjacent to the Bon Kai fire station and the Boon Kai community had red head plumbing used in the fire, which was later from Rama 4 Road. The director of the Office of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said the fire had already burned more than 30 people's homes, with the situation under control at 3 p.m. confirming that the fire was 100% extinguished, but still needed to be sprayed with vitreous water. The fire was reported to have had one leg flip and was sent to hospital and a command center has been set up to assist and heal those affected by the incident at the Bon Kai Youth Centre because the futsal field at the centre can pitch tents, Mr. Therayuth said. Police officers were asked to receive reports from affected residents, such as how much property damage was done, Mr. Chuchchart said, noting that the first 10 minutes of firefighting were the most important. If it can be controlled, the fire will not spread to 30 roofs and remain adjacent to the fire station. We need to discuss the facts in detail with the authorities again and now see that the main issue is to help the affected people, Mr. Chhattisgarh reiterated to Mr. Theerayuth, that this should be taken as a lesson, how there are obstacles, and tomorrow let's sit down and discuss what the lessons are and how to make it better, since the issue is whether the fire station is close to the community, should it be sooner, which, if the community is far away, what to do, what to do.
"Chhattisgarh" popped up in the middle of the night. Visit the fire victims of the boonkai community, leave a knot of donations.|Governor Chhattisgarh, quiet in the middle of the night, took care of the victims of the Boon Kai community fire, and said, "Well, I take care of it myself. Don't worry." yesterday (June 21). At 10:08 p.m., Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok. Visited the victims of the Bonkai community fire, Rama IV Road, Lumpini Subdistrict. At the shelter, to see the order and ask the raw distress of the villagers, Mr. Chatchachart asked everyone to fight alright. Let's put the rest of your life first, take care of it. And tomorrow I will find a place to bathe and after this will take care of long-term housing, because there are more than 100 victims. At the same time, looking at covid measures, so as not to cause clusters, I would like to encourage everyone to think about their citymates and say don't worry, take care of them, but now let's not send anything, it will be overflowing and there will be management issues." Do not worry If there's nothing left, tell us again, but now it's okay, you don't have to send anything, because it's going to be too much. When it's a lot, it's overflowing and there's going to be management issues, so that's okay. We take care of it," governor Chhattisgarh said.
The Green Light Repeals the Bounce Cheques Act, intending to cheat and serve criminal penalties. If not, use civil lawsuits.|Yesterday (June 21), Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed after the Cabinet meeting that the Council of Ministers approved the repeal of the Cheques Offences Act B.E. 2534 (1991), whose main purpose was to promote the use of cheques in transactions and to define the use of cheques unlawfully or in a deceptive manner as a criminal offence by defining the offence for unlawful use of cheques in a deceptive manner. Shall be punished with a fine not exceeding 6,000 baht or imprisonment for not more than 1 year or both, which is inconsistent with Article 77 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand, which establishes the principle that criminal penalties should be imposed only for serious offences and is inconsistent with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Article 11 stipulates that a person be imprisoned solely for reasons of inability to perform contractual settlements. In addition, the country's payment system has now developed a variety of tools such as credit cards, debit cards, and electronic money transfer systems that are widely used. The Ministry of Justice therefore proposes to repeal the said law, which will come into force upon the expiration of 120 days from the date of publication in the Gazette onwards, Ms. Ratchada added that once the Cheques Offences Act B.E. 2534 has been repealed, if there is a case where the debtor orders the payment of the cheque without corrupt intent but the cheque cannot be raised, such as insufficient money in the debtor's account, the creditor can sue for breach of civil contract to force the debtor to use the money under the cheque, but if the debtor has a corrupt intention so that the creditor does not receive the money, it may qualify as a criminal offence under other laws, such as the offence of fraud under Section 341 of the Penal Code, which is punishable by imprisonment of up to 3 years or a fine not exceeding 60,000 baht or both.
Thaksin suggests embracing cash, slowing down stock-crypto spoons. The global situation fluctuates.|Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said on Tuesday night (June 21) through talks with the Care group. In the Clubhouse application It is advisable to hold cash and delay the purchase of high-risk assets such as stocks and cryptocurrencies. In the midst of such a volatile global situation, "today's cash hugs. Cash is king now," said the former prime minister, speaking during talks on the global situation of expensive goods. From the conflict between Ukraine and Russia. And there have been concerns from many that the conflict could last for years or escalate into a new world war. "30% of the world's wheat or wheat consumption comes from Russia-occupied Ukraine. So when wheat is lost by 30%, the world's food is definitely scarce, and there's a lot of other things that follow because oil is expensive. Farming also began to be not worth it. Agriculture with Margin (Profit Margin) It's expensive fertilizer from expensive oil. So it's a crisis,"" and Then Trump came out and said, Hey! Weapons shipped to Ukraine Eventually leading up to World War III, the weapons sent by the U.S. as missiles were a lot. If it's going to fall in Moscow, it's going to be a long time coming," the former prime minister said, adding that the situation has led investors to choose to hold cash. At the same time, they sell stocks and cryptocurrencies, which are at a higher risk, so everyone packs up supplies and goes home, hugs cash, has speculative money, sells them. So all the speculative stuff is falling across the country— around the world, stocks are falling, stocks of big companies are falling."" Speculate whether it's stocks, ethereum, bitcoin, or whatever. If you can keep the money in your pocket, you can keep it. If it's a big loss, soak it up first. It's not selling, it's not losing, so I'm going to buy it first, and then ask if I'm going to buy more now, it's low, it's 21 low, but I don't have to buy it because it's still- assuming it doesn't go down, it's still a big way."
Chhattisgarh, all parties join forces to protect children. Make schools free of marijuana-hemp-cottage leaves.|Today (June 23) At 7:00 a.m., Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok. Visit the cannabis, hemp and cottage leaf-free model school at Vichuthit School. It revealed that Vichuthit School is one of 437 schools that implement the cannabis-free model school program. Hemp and cottage leaves As more liberalization becomes more liberal, it is feared that these will have an impact on students in schools. If you look at the area of Prachasongkroo Road, you will find hut leaves for sale along the line, so asking the school to make pamphlets, the information to inform the students inside the school is not very worrisome as it can be controlled. But it's important that outside the school, including shops, shops outside the school, we ask for cooperation to put up signs to educate and educate teachers. The administration and county officials patrol the area around the school and report incidents if they are found to be selling these items to schoolchildren or staff. Students have a good understanding of the dangers of drugs, which is important:"Thanks to the shops around the school that cooperate, the customers are actually schoolchildren, if students are harmed, there is an impact on trade, so cooperation is important, don't just look at the short-term benefits, let's look at the long-term community benefits as well, marijuana may stimulate the economy, but maybe only for certain groups of people. Some stories may not yet have the judgment to choose. Cottage leaves are now commercially available and closer to school to look normal. It must educate the child that it is addictive. Teachers and teachers educated and explained that the poison of the cottage is no different from marijuana. Thank you to the school director as well as those involved. Don't stop at this point, let's keep doing it. If there are any obstacles to report, it will help solve the problem," the Governor of Bangkok said, adding that today is the first step, it can be seen that the safety of schoolchildren is not just about drugs, from pedestrian crossings, the travel of children to school, one important thing is that the majority of children come to school on motorbikes, where children do not have helmets because small-headed children need small helmets. A demand for 120,000 small helmets has been found, currently in the process of finding sponsors. Initially, we know that The Central Car Victims Protection Co., Ltd. will support all of them by managing them as a central use of the school, allowing children to borrow for use each semester so that they do not have to rediscover every semester. As the child grows older, they may use a regular helmet. Once it's taken back, it's washed and the next generation borrowed for further use. Today, examples of technology have been introduced regarding childcare in and out of school. Use a face detection system See the entry and exit times, as well as the measurement of dust values within the school, which is in accordance with the policy that announces that the dust will be taken care of. Schools must have a notice of how much dust each day is worth. There are enough masks available for students to use. "It's important for student safety to take care of all dimensions, because children are the city's most important resource, and it's going to be a vital force to take care of our city, we've got to take good care of them." Governor Chhattisgarh said.
Uh, Parina, distressed! Ask how to get dad to stop driving.|"Uh, Parina," posted, distressed after "Dad twee." Drove crashed again. Ask someone who knows how to find a way out. After the family stopped going, they didn't hear from the incident when a sedan crashed into a pickup truck in the middle of the road and fled in front of a gas station. On the Phetkasem road in Bangkok in Nakhon Pathom province, before the pickup truck followed, the driver of the sedan was Mr. Thawee Kraikupt. Former minister and former member of the House of Representatives of Ratchaburi province, who is the father of A. Parina Kraikupt. Former MP Ratchaburi from the investigation Mr. Isra The owner of the pickup truck knew that he drove from The Wall of Saen to go home to Nong Khaem, Bangkok, suddenly in a white sedan brand nissan tierna. Registration number 8906 Pattani, driving in the third lane, scrambled in front of his car on the right, almost up the middle of the road. The sedan then drove away, after which he followed the sedan, until the sedan drove again into his car. Until he had to honk his horn several times, park and he drove over. Then his friend went down to inquire about the driver of the sedan, and he remembered that he was the father of the former. Women's Congress at Ratchaburi Knowing the name, Mr. Twee Kraikupt, whom Mr. Twee did not admit to being at fault, will claim damages from the parties, and during the course of the journal, Mr. Twee has requested proof 7 to examine the vehicle and will take the responsibility of the owner of the pickup truck to the end. The investigators have investigated Mr. Twee as a rhetoric for further prosecution. Today (June 23) Uh Parina posted a message on Facebook about the case, asking lawyers and those who knew. "I'd like to ask a good lawyer if this is the case, how can my dad stop driving? When the car wasn't ours, and dad didn't consent, didn't listen to the family, didn't listen to anyone, and I was distressed that the news was sold, but thanks to the media that today it's not bullying dads because people with dads are old.. Will understand Parina."
Boil! "Don't order like a soldier," said Suchart, who was busy answering the post.|Today (June 23) At a meeting of the House of Representatives, headed by Mr. Suchart Tancharoen. Vice President of the House of Representatives The 1st person presided over the meeting. At the time of mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat's third live verbal questioning session. Congressmen, rosters, and party leaders stepped forward. What about the economic problems of the people's mouth, asked Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence appeared to have said that the chairman of the meeting informed him that the prime minister had made a letter stating that he could not respond to live verbal questions. By assigning Mr. Akom Tong Pittayapaisit. The Treasury Secretary responded to the thread instead. However, Mr. Akom informed that he was on a mission, so he assigned Mr. Santi Prompat, the Deputy Finance Minister, to respond to the post instead, but received a notice that Mr. Santi was also on an important mission. As a result, it is not possible to respond to live verbal questions this time around. Mr. Pitha rose to discuss with the Chairman at the meeting the effectiveness of parliamentary work on the questioning mechanism, whereby Article 151 stipulates that the Prime Minister must attend the House meeting to answer the topic in person, unless there is a need and informs the President of the necessity, and determines when it can be answered, so he asks the Prime Minister and the two Ministers what answers cannot be answered to their posts, and Article 156 states that live verbal questions must be of interest to the people. It is urgent, and a matter that has a wide impact on the public. So he wanted to inquire about the economic crisis. The cost of living fluctuates. Shrinking income The energy crisis and the food crisis, it's about people walking the ground eating curry, waiting to be done for the council. There is a new tradition when asking questions like this requires the prime minister and minister to answer, because he has been an MP for 4 years and has never seen the prime minister answer. The matter he asked wanted the Prime Minister to answer, because one minister would not be able to answer, since it involved several ministries. He informed the Prime Minister that if there is a need to explain why it is not possible to come, just answer that it is important, not a clear answer, and should inform you that it will be possible to respond to the MP's post on which day. Mr. CHULPUN AMORNWIWAT, S.S.CHIANGMAI The Party for Thailand, as opposition whip, said this was not the first time. The Prime Minister's appointment to busy ministers answered. It's a process that can't really be taken for granted, there's not enough reason, it should be delegated to someone who's ready to respond, and every thread is the council's review process to the C.M. It is worth noting that there are no times when ministers do not respond to the government's posts because they may make appointments in advance, but the opposition misses appointments so often that it loses the right to monitor the minister's work. When postponing responses like this, next week asked Aloysius to ask for more than three live verbal questions and it was the right of the opposition coalition to move forward. Mr. Suchart said he understood that he had warned the government that priority should be given to the Council meetings, especially Wednesdays and Thursdays, that appointments should be vacant, that they should be prepared for the House, that live verbal questions are urgent threads filed in the morning, and that it is an urgent matter that affects the nation and the people. The prime minister did not specify when he would respond to the post, but merely asked for a postponement of the reply and assigned another minister to return." My last assignment was to challenge it. The Interior Minister went on to say not to tattoo but to give, and also to ask the delegate if he was ready or not ready. I would like to leave the minister's representatives in the House now, even though the House cannot enforce the Government, but it is mutually respectful, so I would like to leave it to the Minister to the Prime Minister, to speak at the meeting. The Minister reminded the Prime Minister that the House of Commons, article 151, should respect each other, that the Prime Minister should answer for himself. If caught on a mission, one must assign someone who can come and answer. Hence the assignment matter. Again, let's reiterate that the assignment is not to be ordered like a soldier, i.e., ordered, it's over, that's not, but let's order like a politician. Let's ask if it's free or not, can you answer? This is called an assignment, but the assignment is not answered, it is considered not an assignment. Interior Minister Dear Mr. Prime Minister," Mr. Suchart said.
Governor Chhattisgarh gave a sermon to the governor, repackaging "If there is corruption, dismiss immediately."|Today (June 24) Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Give a sermon to a repackaged civil servant at the Bangkok Room. Irawat Pattana Building, Bangkok City Hall (Din Daeng), stating that we are a major force, bangkok must leave it in our hands, ask people questions about "what changes, what is most important", and then put forward material from Adam Grant's book Think Again to explain that we must be curious about what we know, be curious about what we don't know, and modernize our thoughts according to new information provided by a period of sermons. Mr. Chatchachart addressed the issue of corruption in the organization and said that working bangkok should not be like one family. "I'm not going to do it to us like a family, I'm going to take care of each other like a good team anymore because it's supposed to be like a sports team." Mr. Chuchchart also told the newly packed civil servants that the words,"Yes, sir, well, sir, I am right, sir," should not be that way. If there is anything disagreeable to be told or commented on, the Governor of Bangkok also recommends that be humble to knowledge that is fearful of ignorance, do not stick to available knowledge, trust in the ability to seek new knowledge. Work controversy is an idea. opinion Personal conflict is emotional, personal, and reiterates that the absence of conflict is not smoothness but "sloth, indifference, stagnation", and reiterates that it must be a society that dares to rethink and never stop learning.
The district can sign public gatherings in 7 areas and must notify the district 24 hours before.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Signed on Thursday (June 23). Seven areas in Bangkok have been declared as public gathering places. These include the conditions open to that assembly. The rally manager must notify the district office at least 24 hours prior to the assembly, provided with a form to notify the use of the premises, so that the district office can be prepared to facilitate the gathering. The organizers and the protesters will be responsible for all of this. If the district office or public assembly administrator detects that the assembly manager is not complying with the law, the district office or public assemblies are not complying with the law. Other relevant regulations will continue to be implemented in accordance with the law against the organizers of the congregation and the protesters.
Bangkok knocked out 2 measures to "reduce the rent of 12 markets - reduce interest on pawnshops".|Today (June 24) Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Addressing the issue of economic stimulus due to severe economic problems, BANGKOK would like to assist the people in 2 matters: 1. 50% reduction in stall rents for 3 months (July – September) At the same time, there is also an interest reduction policy in which the principal is not more than 5,000 baht, the interest rate is 10 satang per month, with a limit of not more than 100,000 baht per pawnshop per pawnshop, Bangkok 1 for the principal amount of 5,001 – 15,000 baht, the interest rate is 50 satang per month, and the principal exceeds 15,000 baht, the interest rate is 75 satang per month, while the policy extends the validity of the pledge ticket from 4 months to 30 days from July to September 2022 at 21 pawnshops.
Public worries are troubled by expensive. The Prime Minister oversees internal trade.|The Prime Minister is concerned about the people affected by the high costs. The Department of Internal Trade closely monitors the price of rice bags and consumer goods. Not to be exploited by the people, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Following a meeting between the Department of Internal Trade and the Association of Thai Baggy Rice Operators and major bagged rice operators in the market on June 23, 2019, the Association of Thai Bag Rice Operators was held on June 23. There was no discussion to adjust the price of the bagged rice. The price of raw materials at the moment does not have much of an impact on the price of distribution, the increase in costs now comes primarily from shipping costs. But in order not to allow consumers to suffer from the current situation, the Association and its members have cooperated with the Department of Internal Trade. The Prime Minister acknowledged the outcome of the discussions and expressed concern that people could be affected by the rising prices of many goods. This is primarily due to higher shipping costs. It has directed the Department of Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce. Closely monitoring the situation of baggy rice prices and prices of consumer goods throughout the period, the baggy rice market has been very competitive. Price, type, quality and promotion. Consumers have a variety of options, but after the news broke, prices of consumer goods gradually rose in price. This worries consumers who have to bear the burden of more expensive products. In particular, the price of bagged rice is a staple food of Thai people. It has been confirmed that bagged rice has not yet raised prices, but some operators have clarified that there may be some adjustments to each operator's promotional activities, such as reducing the number of frequencies or trade discounts, each of which will be managed under its own circumstances. It's all If the consumer is unfair, the price of bagged rice is not justified, or the quantity and quality are not justified. Please contact the Department of Internal Trade hotline at 1569. The Prime Minister monitors the price situation, understands the public's distress, and cares about all citizens who may be affected by the price of many goods that are preparing to rise at the moment. The Prime Minister then directed the Department of Internal Trade, the Ministry of Commerce and related agencies. Monitor the price situation of goods and closely supervise the price of goods. Discussions are held with product operators to ensure that people are not subject to price exploitation and to help people within reasonable and controllable criteria. It insists that the government is doing its best to solve the problem through the implementation of various measures to take care of the livelihoods of all citizens.
Nida polls revealed supporters, Ung Inc., as prime minister. Prayuth scored a flare-up.|The Nida Polling Center, National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA), revealed the results of a survey of 2,500 people conducted between June 20-23, 2022, that the public supported Ung Inc. - Ms. Patongthan Shinawatra from the Party for Thailand as prime minister at 25.28%, up from the previous survey. 12.53% NIDA polls indicated why the sample of people chose Ms. Pattonghar because they wanted to give the younger generation the opportunity to run the country. The party's preference for Thailand because it actually makes policies and favors the shinawatra family's past performance is that it still can't find the right people, at 18.68%, down from the previous 27.62%, third place is Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat from the far-right party, at 13.24%, unchanged from the previous 13.42%, the reason is to want the younger generation to run the country, and the party's fourth-place favorite is Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha at 11.68% from the previous 12.67%. The fifth-ranked ms. Sudarat Geyuraphan of the Thai People's Party at 6.80%, down from 8.22% in the previous survey, with past administrative experience and wanting women to run the country, ranked 6th, Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves from the Liberal Party of Thailand at 6.60%, No. 7 Mr. Chuchchart Sittiphan at 4.20%, No. 8 Mr. Korn Jatikwanich from the Dare Party at 3.76%, when asked about the political parties that the people would support today. The results showed that the Party for Thailand dominated the polling sample. Manan VATSYAYANA / AFP Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra stood on stage to give a speech at the party's annual general conference for Thailand. On April 24, 2022, compared with the results of the Quarterly Political Popular Vote Survey No. 1/65 of March 2022, it was found that those who identified did not support any political party at all and the Democratic Party had a reduced proportion, while those who identified as the Party for Thailand, the Far-Right Party, the Liberal Party of Thailand, and the Liberal Party of Thailand declined. The Thai Build Thai Party, the Dare Party, and the Thai Pride Party. There is an increase in proportion. 
Chhattisgarh Not ambitious as prime minister. The governor of Bangkok, save and give well first.|"Shah" believes the governor can win the hearts of the people if they work hard. I don't think I'm aspiring to be prime minister after the end of my term, but now I have to save the governor and give it well before Mr. Chuchchart Sittiphan, the governor of Bangkok. Referring to the phenomenon of the bangkok governorship election, many sectors think that there should be a governorship election in all provinces, saying that this issue depends on the perspective. Some areas may want people who are bound to the area for continuous development, but there are some localities that have been around for 20 years, such as Phanat Nikhom district, will know exactly what the problem is, said Mr. Chuchchart, the governor who has been by appointment. If you work hard, you can win people's hearts, too. Depending on how it works, many provinces have their loved ones when asked whether after four years of completion of the mission, the governor of Bangkok will have the opportunity to see Mr. Chatchachart as prime minister. This was due on June 24 to speak at the 90th Anniversary of Thai Democracy at Thammasat University, Tha Phra Chan. Mr. Chuchchart said: "As the prime minister of the Party for Thailand, it is still there because I don't know who to resign with, I don't know who to file my resignation with." No, no. Don't just think about it. It's not ambitious. It's just a joke, which is weird, it's a candidacy, but I don't know where to resign, but if the term of the government is over, the candidacy is gone. Now let's save the governor and give it a good first, and in the case of many people who say mr. Chhattisgarh's encounter with the prime minister. This softened mr Prime Minister's stance. Mr. Chhattisgarh said: "We are like subordinates. It's got to work together. Nothing, don't think so, the prime minister is a big executive.
Chuchchart received 120,000 children's helmets, thairo non-life insurance association backed up.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Live on fan page on Monday (June 27). Receiving the handover of children's helmets from the Thai Non-Life Insurance Association and preparing to support 120,000 children's helmets for distribution to students attending schools affiliated with Bangkok, Mr. Chatchachart said he was very pleased that the Thai Non-Life Insurance Association would support such helmets. The association is pleased to support 120,000 helmets for bangkok's schools," the Governor of Bangkok said, referring to the origin of this partnership as being caused by himself and his team having repeatedly mentioned the need for children's helmets through live. To report to the Thai Non-Life Insurance Association, the news and want to support children's helmets for Bangkok, Mr. Anon Wangwasu. The President of the Thai Non-Life Insurance Association, who came to meet Mr. Chatchachart along with the faculty. Speaking through the governor's livestream, the death rate for children under the age of 15 who have been involved in motorcycle accidents is nearly 24%, "these people are a national resource, so we have to keep them." "Both the Thai Non-Life Insurance Association and the Central Company for The Protection of Car Victims, which is a model for the accident reduction campaign, are willing to cooperate with the governor in finding helmets for children to wear."
"Special Prisons Directorate". Two other inmates overdosed on their wrists.|"Special Prisons Directorate", Jang, after "Anon". Post inmates breaking through suicide gas in jail One case was identified for overdose, two others, a wrist scrape, caused by stress, and it was safe for Mr. Nasti Thongplad. Bangkok Special Prisons Directorate Revealed the case of Mr. Anon Nampa The mob leader posted the message to his personal Facebook account. Stating that "political inmates breaking through the gas, committing suicide in jail, asking correctional officers to make statements about their latest symptoms", "Lawyers visited today to know two cases, slitting their hands and taking about 60 pills, staying at correctional hospitals, hoping doctors would help catch up", has become a hot trend in the social media world. Asked the Department of Corrections to clarify such a hot topic, Mr. Nastee confirmed that the matter was true. Back on June 17. There were 11 inmates sent in, all of whom were quarantined for 10 days. But last Saturday, June 25, around 21 a.m. and 10 p.m., they received a report from the warden that one inmate had overdosed. The prison's nurses, including him, went in and looked at it. It appears that an inmate named Mr. A (alias) was 21 years old, so he inquired what drugs he had taken. The inmate then replied that it was a para pill, taking several pills. When asked where it was taken from. Mr. A replied that it was a para-drug that the prison had distributed when someone was sick and the reason for the large amount of ingestion. Mr. A. said he asked from a prison friend who was a gassing group together. Let's take two pills each and keep accumulating, and why do you take that overdose? Mr A said there was stress due to thinking about his wife and children because the wife was pregnant, so he suggested that the solution by this method was not to maintain a healthy body and mind. Once he had spoken with concern, he assigned the warden to send the inmate to a correctional hospital next door for doctors to perform the procedure. Mr. A's latest symptoms were discussed earlier this morning. He was found to be fine and remained in a correctional hospital because doctors were worried about liver treatment because he would need long-term care and had to continue to look at the aftermath of the overdose, Nastie Young said, for the other two inmates, an anon lawyer said, there was a slit on that same day (Saturday, June 25). It was also reported that the inmates of the same room, Mr. B (alias), and Mr. C (alias), both used it as a small scrap of metal scraping on their wrists, but did not even slit their wrists, with the appearance of bloody wounds, so they had nurses to look at them, and inquired, acknowledging that they were both stressed, since they were not granted bail, suggested that such an approach was ineffective because they would have to go to court and clarify to the court the procedure, to obtain temporary bail, to have a psychologist talk to the two inmates and have a social worker to take care of them, as well as to contact relatives to visit the two inmates. It's not a slit and there are about three marks. The doctor then applied disinfectant and bandaged the wound. As a result of the 10-day quarantine, the two inmates, as well as other inmates, have been transferred from dan two to the fourth, where there will be social workers, psychologists, and other inmates. The therapist went in and talked, until all the stress was gone and it was safe.
Oak Panthong is a delightful wedding. Black Ants join in the blessing, revealing "I'm super glad."|Black Ant-Kshapa Tancharoen The famous host posted an Instagram post on Monday (June 27) depicting the wedding atmosphere between Oak-Panthong Shinawatra, 42, a close friend, the son of the former prime minister, and Ms. Natthiya Phuangkham. SC Hotel Executive "Before the excuse, people don't have a boyfriend, no couple, wait for Ohk to compose first, @oak_ptt, this time, and then, no excuse, I'm super glad that's finally there. Today, it's the day you start a family." Posted in addition to a photo of the newlyweds. There is also a photo taken by the newlyweds with the groom's mother. Ms. Pajman at Fort Phet A couple photos of themselves with the groom, and a picture of this famous host with other family members of the real Pantong, continues to be photographed with a group of friends. Mr. Pantong and his friends were present in this wedding post. Similar to the post posted by Black Ant on May 25, it is possible that Mr. Panthong's wedding was held at the latest on that day.
Get to know The beautiful bride of the "real Oak Panthong", who is a real hotel executive.|Know "Tik Natthiya Pawongkham" Bride of "Oak Pantong" After a silent wedding, hotel executives at S.C. Park took their followers of the political scene by surprise. After Mr. Pantong Shinawatra, son of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, attended the wedding ceremony with Miss NATTHIYA PHUANGKHAM The executives of S.C. Park Hotel on May 24, at Mr. Panthong's residence in Kannayao District, Bangkok, Oak, Panthong, were married. Black Ants joined in the blessing, revealing "super glad", making many people even wonder if the beautiful bride came to grab the heart of the former prime minister's son. Who is she, where did she come from for Oak's bride? Authentic Phan Thong The 42-year-old's real name is Miss Natthiya Pawongkham. Nicknamed Tick.  The 35-year-old is now the son of Mrs. Saranya Saengsang and Mr. Somyot Pawongkham, who graduated with a bachelor's degree in International Business Administration at the University of Business. The brother is married. Don't be surprised, but I'm silent, Brother Oak said shyly. If you have to host it yourself, you can join someone else. It's another very special day for our family to welcome Tick as another member. Tick also has a very beautiful mind, loves Brother Oak, takes care of it, and cares for it, until Brother Oak becomes a much gentler person, thanks to Tick, who loves Brother Oak the way Brother Oak is, always seeing each other's advantages. May they both be very happy, love each other on a distressed day, and on a happy day, be on the same team, have a grandchild, come and be a sister, I love both of them very much."
Anutin caught COVID. After returning from a meeting in France-Switzerland, six doses of the vaccine were announced.|According to Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, along with the Health Ministry executive. Ministry of Foreign Affairs Convention and Exhibition Promotion Office (ICEB) and The Governor of Phuket Attended the 170th Annual General Meeting of the BIE 170th General Assembly in Paris, France from 19-21 June 2022 to present Thailand's readiness to host the Expo. At Phuket in 2028 (Specialised Expo) to promote tourism and continue traveling with relevant executives and officials. Attended the 50th UNAIDS Executive Committee meeting in Geneva, Swiss Confederation, from 21 -24 June 2022. The executives and related officials returned to Thailand on June 26, 2022, the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. There is muscle aches and neck irritation, the atk test result is positive. Doctors are currently ordering a one-week safety isolation today (June 28, 2022). The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health said that the head of the Thai delegation returned from foreign ministry to Thailand. There are minor symptoms such as muscle aches and neck irritations, and atypically tested positive for ATK, according to the investigation, and it is estimated that he was infected during a mission abroad. Because there needs to be a meetup. Talk and touch hands with a large number of attendees. However, due to being vaccinated against COVID-19. Meet the recommended criteria prior to travel. As a result, there are no signs of illness. Doctors prescribed a week of safety isolation without being admitted to the hospital. For travel companions, if they are high-risk contacts, wear a mask at all times. Refrain from going to public areas with large numbers of people and observe illnesses. If respiratory symptoms begin, check atk and take care of your health on the advice of your doctor, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health said, adding that such cases will not affect the government's policy of reopening the country. As about 80 percent of the country's population is vaccinated, there is a preventive surveillance system in both healthcare facilities and high-risk areas, recommending wearing masks when in crowded places or when doing risky activities. The medical and public health systems are normally accommodating because they have enough beds, enough doctors and enough medicine, and emphasize that people are vaccinated against COVID-19. Although it is not possible to prevent infection 100%, preventing serious illness on June 13, 2022, Mr. Anutin received the 6th dose of the Pfizer vaccine and, before that, received the COVID-19 vaccine by injecting 2 doses of Sinovac, 2 doses of AstraZeneca and 2 doses of Pfizer.
Chhattisgarh Knock the fare for bts green line throughout the line up to 59 baht.|Governor of Bangkok, Chhattisgarh Knock on fares. Bts Green Line is no more than 59 baht, according to TDRI's proposal. The public should have picked it up yesterday (June 28). Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Reveal the progress of the Green Line concession contract. After a joint meeting with Mr. Golden Flag. Chantharangsu Chairman of the Board Bangkok Thanakom Co., Ltd. at Thani Nopparat Building Bangkok City Hall said that the progress must be finalized within 1 month, with the main thing being the pricing of the 2nd part of the extension of the skytrain, which is currently 27% in debt, initially the price will be in accordance with the proposal of the Thailand Development Research Institute. The TDRI, which provides fares along the line not exceeding 59 baht in the extension of Section 2 Bearing-Housing Samut Prakan and Ladprao-Kukot intersections for the extension of the Green Line, collects 15 baht, when combined with the main concession route collects up to 59 baht, Mr. Chuchchart said that currently the Green Line has an extension debt of about 100,000 million baht and a government infrastructure debt, divided into a car system debt of about 19,000 million baht and a wage debt of 13,000 million baht. Two areas of consideration, including fares that have not been raised for years and concession extensions, are expected to be finalized within the next month. Mr. Chatchachart added that the fare of 59 baht is a figure that the BANGKOK management team deems appropriate. The public should be able to accept it, because the Green Line extends far enough. The 19 km Mochit-Kukot range of 16 stations, the Bearing-Samut Prakan range, 13 km of 9 stations, and the timing of collection are set to start collecting on July 1, but the Bureau of Traffic and Transport (STU) has informed that it may not be timely because it has to discuss with BTS to revise the extension fare calculation software system first.
Chhattisgarh Accepting orders, M.T. sought a Scout-Natnari outfit for poor but well-budgeted families.|After june 22. Mr. Suttipong Chulacharoen Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior As executive vice president of the National Scouts. Orders were given to the governors of all provinces. Supporting the provision of Scout-Natnari uniforms to families in need. Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok It said that if it was an order, it had to be done. If you're going to do it, don't burden the public. We're a burden, but if it happens to us, it helps to come up with a budget. Last week he just went to a Scout costume because he had to go to a Scout rally, understanding that we already had free outfits on demand, but the Scout costumes weren't detailed yet, but they were probably more expensive than regular outfits because there were a lot of elements. The series may just be part of it. It's actually more about discipline or concept. Therefore, the composition, if it is expensive, may not be necessary. I'm sure you're doing something useful." The governor said he would also see how it could be reshaped, make it easier, or if it had to be this way, it had to be an order. If we have to do this, we have to follow it, because it's policy. As for expenditures, we have to look at the budget, and as I said, if it's a statement, there should be a budget for us when asked if it's a burden thrown at us. Bangkok? Mr. Chhattisgarh said no, because it's a duty we already have to do. The ministry, he ordered, we had to do it, because if the ministry could not, because the ministry did not touch the children. We're school administrators, so we have to take care of it, but if there's a problem, we're going to have to report it. If it's not enough, we need to report it back. If the statements don't exist, we just have to tell the truth," I agreed, not burdening the child with the parents. It's not just poor kids, in fact. All children. If we're going to wear a Scout costume and it costs money, we have to take care of everyone, not choose to take care of it, because nowadays it's free, we take care of everyone. Food is free, we take care of everyone. So it's not just about caring for people whose parents are struggling. If it's a requirement that affects your studies. If the Ministry of Interior deems it necessary. Every child must wear a Scout uniform, and all children should be treated equally."" We have to talk, because in the end we have to be an intermediary to talk about how the ministry looks, but understand that if he orders it, he's going to have to talk. He didn't ask us for our opinion, he ordered it, but if he asked for an opinion, we clarified it, and we looked at what the end would be, but believed that we could finally find a way out." Mr. Chhattisgarh concluded.
Pravit accepts the Slump! It took 2 months to get more than a hundred MPs.|Today (June 28) At 9:25 a.m. at Government House. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharath Power Party (PDP), told an interview on the results of the public opinion poll from the National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA Poll) that we already knew the results of the polls. The Democrat Party went downhill, but it was okay, it took corrective action. The party also had to unite, a reporter asked if it was necessary to reshape the image of the Ruling People's Democratic Party. Gen. Pravit said no. We use the Democrat Power Party brand. But now I've been working for four years, I believe it needs to get better because both the government and the party are trying to do a better job for the people. When asked if it was troubling in Bangkok, the number of MPs increased to 33 seats, but the last S.A. election was only 2 chairs, Gen. Pravit said, not troubling because the places are the same. Prawit also mentioned that roadshows were held in 10 sectors and 10 provinces of the pdporn party, whichever the heads of each sector managed, with Mr. Santi Prompat, the Deputy Finance Minister, as the party's secretary general. He asked to see if he would go to all 10 provinces. If it's vacant, it's going to go, because the party secretary-general is already in charge of the matter, the reporter added: Is this event in preparation for the elections? Prawit said it was not wading, it was the implementation of the party's policy.
Deputy Minister of Demonstration reveals "Churin" Covid infection After returning from England, I urge the people not to be reckless.|Today (June 28) Mr. Demon Paitutesha Deputy Minister of Health It was revealed that Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce Covid-19 infection detected After returning from a mission to England. Doctors treat themselves according to public health procedures, watching for symptoms until they recover for the COVID-19 pandemic. At this stage, the number of infected people is on the rise again. Democrats confirmed that it was not the result of the relaxation of voluntary mask-removing measures, but rather the number that had been increased earlier due to domestic and international tourism, as well as the extension of the opening hours of entertainment venues. The public is asked not to worry, but to maintain distancing measures. Wearing a face mask in crowded places and remaining vigilant as before, confirming that the BA.4 and BA.5 variants of COVID-19 have begun to spread in Thailand, but the Ministry of Public Health has been monitoring the symptoms for some time. There have been no findings suggesting severe symptoms. It was reported that today six ministers were on leave of absence, chaired by Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. Covid infection and systemic treatment After travelling to a meeting in Paris. France and Switzerland Before returning to Thailand as Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce resigned because they were vulnerable. After a Ministry of Commerce official, who joined the expedition on a mission to Europe. Between June 18-23, 2022, covid infections. Mr. Demon will inform that Mr. Churin Covid infections mentioned above on the side. Mr. Varawudh Singh Asha Minister of Natural Resources and Environment He participated in the U.N. Ocean Conference in Portugal, June 27-1. Jul 2022Juti Krairuk Minister of Social Development and Human Security Attended the 11th World Urban Forum in Poland, mr. Enok Dharmadhyaksha, Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation. travelled to England and Miss Trinity; Tianthong, Minister of Education Notification of leave due to illness, reportedly tested negative for ATK.
S.S. Thanawat appreciated. Let LGBTQ+ couples borrow to buy a home.|Mr. THANAWAT KAMOLWONGWAT Members of the House of Representatives (MP) The party's roster goes a long way, citing instances where THOS bank issued unlocking measures for LGBTQ+ customers to co-borrow, saying it's a good thing that agencies can do that. Begin to understand and recognize the importance of the fundamental rights of diverse people. But this is only the understanding of some agencies. In fact, LGBT collective borrowing rights should be available to all financial institutions, thank you financial institutions and the private sector who today understand diversity and hope that these voices will reflect those in power that equality is an important fundamental right of developed countries. Mr. Thanawat revealed about his work in the Extraordinary Commission considering the draft Marriage Equality Act and the Companions Act, saying that since the House has received the principles of the Bill in its 1st session, there should be two bills, namely Marriage Equality and The Couples, the Council can pass both laws because they are not conflicting laws. I believe there should be good news for the public this year.
Chhattisgarh Jang knot knocked over the 59 baht green train bill to solve the short-term problem.|Today (June 28) Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Clarifying the issue of extension service fees for part 2 of the Green Line stated yesterday (June 27) that the price should be 59 baht, which many people misunderstand. According to the management team, the Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) has a proposal that the maximum service fee should be charged no more than 59 baht, so this is not a long-term solution plan, but a short-term plan for the 59 baht that has been offered. Bangkok has assigned the Bureau of Traffic and Transport (STU). Consider the data live. It is expected that using the calculation formula (14+2X) X, i.e. the number of seat stations will not exceed the original maximum service charge specified. In order not to affect the people, Mr. Chatchachart also said that the price of 59 baht is a short-term solution to the extension. Bangkok has to pay for the operation of the car, amounting to billions of baht per year. If it is long-term, the concession contract must be taken into account because the contract will run out in 2029, according to the extension data, 27 percent of users who sit for free, but others have to help pay. Another problem is that people operating public transport under the rail line are affected because of the free ride. The people serving below make a living. This is unfair to the operators, the price of 59 baht set to solve the short-term problem. The extension is a different matter to the service fees campaigned before the election, for the policy that had previously campaigned that the electric train service fee should be 25 -30 baht does not mean that sitting from the station to the destination is this price, but based on the average fare that people use, originally averaged 8 stations, but the Traffic and Transport Bureau recently calculated the average of 11 stations. Assistant Governor of the Metropolitan Electricity Authority Mr. Kamkrish Tinkorn na Ayutthaya, Deputy Governor of Metropolitan Water Supply Authority Lt. Gen. Rungroj Tagorepunyasiri Deputy Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police discusses ways of cooperation between Bangkok and the Metropolitan Electricity Authority The Metropolitan Water Authority and the Metropolitan Police Headquarters to solve various problems that arise in Bangkok area to alleviate the suffering of the people. Asst.Prof.Dr.Twida Kamolvej Deputy Governor of Bangkok P.T.A.Kittipoj Kaewsri Ngam Superintendent of News Center, Patrol and Special Operations Command (NCPO) The Metropolitan Police and related parties attended the meeting at Rattanakosin Room, Bangkok City Hall. The Governor's Swing Pole It was revealed after the meeting that today was a continuation of the traffy fondue platform for these agencies to view the data immediately with a code for each agency to look at matters related to their respective agencies. Usually, each agency has an agency that takes up the matter and then picks up the matter from here and responds to the public. Coordinators for each agency will be set up to discuss solutions to problems related to multiple agencies. The advantage or power of the platform is that it can be expanded without restrictions. Finally, it could be expanded to a larger extent, or it could be a more powerful partnership. In addition, it discussed two issues with metropolitan water supply: setting up free drinking water supply points for the public, which had previously been dismantled; It is believed that having a drinking water supply point is also important to the city. Nowadays, in Bangkok, it is quite difficult to find free drinking water, and the water supply confirms that tap water is drinkable. Making drinkable tap water points that do not obstruct the corridors, clean and convenient, confirms the safety of tap water. The other is about communication lines. The plumbing said there are more underground communication lines than on the ground, and there will be discussions on cutting communication lines that are no longer used. Reducing communication lines and grounding communication lines, the Metropolitan Electricity Authority discussed reassuring the public that transformers are still within usable standards. Bangkok is ready to cooperate fully with the Metropolitan Electricity Authority. An important factor is the communication line. The insulator itself is a flammable one. Many times the communication lines are very close to the transformer. When a shock occurs along the communication line, it's important for Bangkok to help cut off the dead lines of communication and bring the communication lines to earth. Will cooperate with the Electricity Expeditionary Authority on communication lines by making appointments with the Electricity Authority and the NBTC. To do this and make it safer. The police focus on emergencies. Many of traffy fondue's stories may not be contingency, it's a long-term change. Cooperation may be a different form to what 191 is managing, and there will be collaboration in solving medium- and long-term problems. In the future, the cooperation will be expanded to more agencies as comprehensive as possible so that it can help solve as many problems as possible for the public, such as the Department of Livestock in the field of caring for stray animals, etc., the Deputy Governor of the Metropolitan Electricity Authority added that the power supply scheme has two parts, one part of which is that the network has about 400 transformers, usually it is maintained once a year, it will increase the frequency to 6 months/time, and will mobilize all carpeting inspections. If people find a transformer with oil flowing or hear an abnormal sound, it may be a malfunction and can be dangerous to the public. Ask the public to notify the Metropolitan Electricity Authority. Tel. 1630 "Thank you to all the organizations that come together, the city is not owned by Bangkok alone, everyone is a common owner, the city can be good, everyone must share," said the governor of Bangkok. Finally, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society. Discussed visiting the company's communications line reorganization project. National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT) at the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 36 Road, Bangkok, said that organizing communication lines is a policy that the Prime Minister has always pushed. And since there are so many communications providers out there, they need to be organized, and part of the cost comes from the Broadcasting Commission. This year, there will be approximately 39 operational points, including more than 100 kilometers of routes. By doing their part, it's about expediting action and publicizing that we're doing it. If anyone sees any problems, they can report it to the NBTC or the DES Ministry. In addition, what we are doing is bringing electrical cables underground in the main roads such as Sukhumvit Road or in the Rattanakosin Island area, which has already been done, it will be done gradually. As a result, the project is not implemented as quickly as it should. They will go down to solve this problem, maybe the NBTC will come to the rescue, and in the past, the NBTC has budgeted to organize some communication lines and must work with bangkok because it requires the pavement area of bangkok as well.
"Invite" to Ramathibodi Hospital Fever-chills may require correction, but the symptoms are not worrisome.|Today (June 28) It was reported by Parliament that at 5 p.m. Mr. Chuan Wang President of the House of Representatives He was admitted to Ramathibodi Hospital with fever, chills, which is currently undergoing medical examination. It is expected to require a thorough examination, but initially the symptoms are not worrisome. The doctor had previously stated that if Mr Chuan had any such symptoms, he should see the doctor urgently, as he had previously experienced this condition several times before. However, as of this past morning, Mr. Chuan attended a ceremony of merit for the 90th anniversary of parliament, and continued his mission until the evening when he was admitted.
Prostrate or not prostrate? Look at the latter comments. Mr. Ubon Ratchathani abolished the prostration.|After Student Organization, Ubon Ratchathani University It announced the abolition of the squatting ceremony of worshipping teachers and baysri to Kwan, and the use of prayers instead. It clarified that the student organization has a policy to promote equality. Rights and Equality That's with respect. Honoring one another, not crouching, reflecting. Slavery system In Thai society, because all people are equally valued, respect should be respected by each other, causing a lot of debate. Many writers have expressed their opinions, such as Wimon Sai Singh. Seawright Award-winning writer Posted a message reiterating that prostration is the utmost respect to benefactors, but did not want to be used to spew other people's ideas about slavery, while the state districts, the Dharmadhyaksha, the S.S.S., the ruling party, the son of Enok Dharmadhyaksha, the Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation, also posted a Facebook post on the issue, with the notion that it was not intended to conclude which way the prostration would be drawn, because if it were to be agreed between the teachers and the disciples to change from crouching to worship, it could be done. Sanook News interviewed the state on this point, where he was of the opinion that the matter of abolishing the prostrate squat and then turning it into a prayer is a modification according to the circumstances, which, as he himself posted, can be done under agreement between respected and respected persons, and does not violate the law. However, the district sees that the key issue is to maintain a show of respect and gratitude to the benefactors, which is a beautiful part of Thai culture. We do not want to be tied to politics or to divide with political biases that will lead to conflicts in society, while reiterating that in an era of changing values in society, we should keep the good things at the same time as what keeps society from adapting, we should listen to the voices of change to adapt to the passage of time.
Prayuth visits Chiang Mai I found a group that doesn't support it. Hold up a protest sign in front of the International Convention Center.|Unsupported groups About 50 people gathered to rally and hold protest signs at the bridge over the Irrigation Canal, the entrance to the 7th Anniversary of the International Convention and Exhibition Center. Chang Phueak, Muang Chiang Mai At about 11 a.m. Wednesday (June 29). While Gen. Prayuth visited the government inspectorate and presided over the opening of the FTI Expo at the convention center, the protesters put up signs and wrote messages on the streets. It was an attack on and ousted the prime minister, and the government that mismanaged the country failed. Hundreds of uniformed and undercover police officers took control of the situation, allowing the prime minister's convoy to pass smoothly and without incidents of chaos or confrontation. As the protesters were unable to enter the area of the convention center or block the route afterwards, the protesters disintegrated and arranged to gather to welcome the prime minister with a mission in the area. It was the same afternoon.
Governor Chuchchart landed at Horwang School. After the schoolgirl is hijacked by the villains.|Bangkok's governor, Mr. Chuchchart Sittiphan, visited the Horwang School area to meet with a female road sweeper, Chatuchak District Bureau, who was an eyewitness to the hijacking of Horwang School schoolchildren and checked the safety conditions of Horwang Road. He said that on June 27, he was riding a motorcycle to work, and he saw the villains looking at him since he had been riding, and then the trees were dark, hanging down without lights. At 5.30am it was still dark and I was surprised that I hadn't seen this person while I was about to pick up a broomstick on Soi 17, I saw the villain walking from the vibhavadi side of The Road and approached the schoolgirl walking from the head of Phaholyothin Palace Road. I thought that there was molestation at first, I didn't dare to help because I was a woman, so I rode in the car looking for help, and told the master in the fort that I was going to help, there was a child who would be molested. The villain then ran away, the kid ran after him, so he rode along, saw where the villain was going, and then circled back and asked the freshman what it was like. He said he took a gun and hijacked me and took 100 baht, and he said he had informed his father and the teacher had informed the police. The police, who have been working for 3 years, have never encountered this kind of incident, and were surprised, then Mr. Chatchachart said after a preliminary examination of the school, that the area around Horwang School found that there was a slightly isolated spot walking from the main road into Phaholyothin Road, and some children came to school early at 5:30 a.m., which Wang Hall would have ordered, but it was important to focus mainly on looking at the 437 schools of Bangkok, where the ministry came to help look at the crossings of the road, and to discuss where there was a further risk, where there was a bad spot and where the crime might be caused. They have already informed the ministry to look at both traffic and other dimensions of safety, as well as to ask for cooperation with the police because the BANGKOK may not have enough personnel to take care of all schools, and usually the school is close to the market, close to the community, and the school must already be on duty in the area, which in the morning and evening will also visit the front of the school to facilitate traffic and safety. Each school also needs to look at additional risk points because they understand what time schoolchildren arrive. Which paths do children walk regularly, and if there are any problems, including trees? Illumination The CCTV cameras, which bangkok will assist in the operation for Mr. Chuchchart, also thanked the road sweepers for helping to prevent the incident and help each other to be ears and eyes, which they thought should be ear to eye, and rushed to take action or informed the teachers, and said that today there will be a meeting in all 50 districts. Look at the disaster, which has more than 10,000 road sweepers and cleanliness workers. Broken lights, fading pedestrian crossings, like we have ears with eyes on them, which are highlighted in many dimensions. And it's not just about Horwang School, but it's a lesson and it's going to extend the effect on safety in Bangkok to get any schools that need special care or not. There are several entrances and exits. The villains could have looked badly at the escape route. But if a school had a one-way entrance, there wouldn't be as much risk. He assigned Lt. Gen. Adisar Ngamjitsuksri, the governor's adviser, to see what kind of school has a voice to take special care of. By today. Mr. Chatchachart told reporters that he intended to come to the road sweeper, who was an eyewitness to the incident, and came alone, driving himself. Before returning, go out on the next mission. At 7 a.m.
Quick look before the end of the panel! The latter had already given him luck.|Gamblers don't miss the "Big Tu" car registration, visit Chiang Mai, win the lottery 1/6/65, hoping for luck again, just like the one in Sakon Nakhon today (June 27). At 7:00 a.m. at Military Airfield 2, Squadron 6 (Top.6), Don Mueang, Bangkok, Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, along with Mr. Supattanapong Panmichao, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister Gen. Anuphong Jinda Interior Minister Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Digital Minister for Economy and Society Mr. Suchart Chom Scent Labour Minister Miss TRINUCH TIANTHONG The Minister of Education, Mr. Suriya, prospered. Minister of Industry and Mr. Sutpong Chulacharoen The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs departed for The Military Airport, 41st Airborne Division, Suthep, Muang Chiang Mai, Chiang Mai province, to inspect the Chiang Mai provincial government to monitor the policy work by 09.00 am. Kut Chang He said the project, which the Prime Minister has been in since 2014 and 2015, has allocated a budget to implement. Today, I want to keep track of the progress because we plan to finish any year, so we have to give as much as possible. Today, let's leave the management overview. There must be an answer as to where the jams are, in order to order the next solution to the problem that the rules of each ministry have in question. And according to the plan, the work must be completed by 2027, but how to do it, the faster it will be completed because the sooner it is, the better if it sticks where the government takes care of it. The main point, if not done, is what problems there will be, but let's get it done, the reporter reported, and gen. Prayuth's visit to the eye is once again catching the eye of the gamblers. After landing in Sakon Nakhon province. Gen. Prayuth has given his luck to the last two numbers, this time in Chiang Mai province. Gen. Prayuth used a white Alpard vehicle, registration No. 6904 Chiang Mai, as a vehicle. The number next to the Navy jets that were flying was 2113.
Chhattisgarh-Sudarat 2 Candidacy attended the inauguration of the Draft Gender Identity Recognition Act.|The event concludes Pride Month with the inauguration of the Bill to Certify Gender Identity, Gender Expression and Gender Attributes at Lido Siam Square. To push for rights for transgender and bisexual people. The name prefix can be changed to correspond to gender, drafted by the Rainbow Blue Association of Thailand. The Bisexual Friends Network Foundation for Human Rights and the Transgender People's Association of Thailand's two prime ministers in the party's account for Thailand, Namely, Chuchchart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, and Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan, chairman of the Thai Build Thai Party, attended the parade, along with Chomnut Nakornthap, representatives of the Democratic Party and Thanikan Pornpongsaroj, S.S., Bangkok. Meanwhile, the surrounding malls opened up rainbow lights to support the event while the bill was in the process of hearing from other groups of citizens, and opened up a similar bill to make it the most complete bill, and it will be compiled for further presentation to the House of Representatives.
"Invite". Symptoms improve. Go home now. After getting sick, infections in the bloodstream.|Dr. Sukit Adjutant General of the House of Representatives Mentioning Mr. Chuan's illness, he was stunned. The President of the House of Representatives said it is now getting better and fresher. There are no symptoms of fever, chills. The doctors had already checked their symptoms and were allowed to return home on the afternoon of June 30, 2022, but were under the condition of requiring injections at the hospital for another five days in a row. Recovery heals very quickly. For someone 84, that's great. Will the section come back to function at all? I haven't asked yet, but you've been signing paperwork all the time during your stay at the hospital." Dr. Sukit said next week's meeting will be held for four consecutive days, with Tuesday, July 5 and Wednesday, July 6, 2022, a joint session of Parliament. Thursday, July 7 and Friday, July 8, 2022 will be meetings of the House of Representatives. Tomorrow (July 1, 2022), a joint session of Parliament considers the bill. Next week, it will consider two draft electoral constitutional bills, but if it is not final, it will be considered.
The "Governor of the Nation", dressed in a Scout costume, presided over the National Scout Establishment Day event.|Today (1 Jul 2022) Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Presided over the 2022 Bangkok Scout Oath and Field Review Ceremony, one day similar to the National ScoutIng Day, July 1, 2022, at the Youth Center Stadium, Bangkok (Thailand-Japan). He arrived at the ceremony at 7:55 a.m. dressed in Scout costumes. Upon arrival, he approached the press and asked, "Is it handsome?" for dressing in a Scout uniform. Mr. Chuchchart also said the outfits worn today were brand new, but the Scout hat was a little too small, and the belt said, "Well, don't have to polish yourself. As a child, I remembered to scrub myself" before participating in the ceremony.
The Overlord-Tho forces are ready to retaliate if there is an encroachment on sovereignty. Thailand-Myanmar border|Today (July 1), the Thai-Myanmar Border Command Center Tak has issued a clarification document. Border situation in Tak province It was june 30. Clashes broke out between Myanmar's military and Karen ethnic minority forces. The grounds of Ugreta House, New Vale Myawadi, opposite South Vale House, Valey. He found Monk Tak deep in Myanmar. About 1 km away, myanmar's military has deployed aircraft to support military operations in the area. The clashes had now ended at 5 p.m. on June 30. There were unknown types of ammunition, and unknown crossings fell on the Thai side. Palm Plantation Area, North Vale House Moo 3, Vale A.V. Monk At 11:59 a.m. on June 30, 2022, the Royal Thai Air Force detected an unknown aircraft flying into the Thai side of the area around A.P. Phra, Tak province, and ordered two Type 19 fighters or F-16s to take off on patrols in the area. To carry out air defense missions. Naresuan forces have alerted and sent a letter of protest to the Thailand-Myanmar Local Border Committee (TBC) and the Air Force has directed the Assistant Air Force Ambassador at the Embassy in Yangon to coordinate the relevant agencies in Myanmar. Alert and find ways to prevent this from happening again in the future. Overlords and air forces are ready to respond. If there is an encroachment on sovereignty, or there are situations that affect the safety of the People of Thailand, there are currently people fleeing myanmar unrest. 855 people arrived on the Thai side in a temporary safe area. Two monks were found: 1.Ban Moker Thai, 281 fleeing, 26 entered Thailand and 2 voluntarily returned to Myanmar, 305 persons, 2.Ban Waley North, 550 entered The Thai side. Tak has continuously monitored the situation in Myanmar to prepare for situations that may affect the Thai people. In this regard, we ask for the cooperation of the people, refrain from entering the area for safety, as well as ask for cooperation of the press and all sectors. Check news, facts The public can listen to the information, news, facts, etc. According to the daily press conference, the Border Command Center Tak
Prayuth snatched Myanmar's airspace just by hitting the turn. Hmmm, don't make it a bigger deal.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister said on Friday (July 1) that myanmar military planes flying over Thai airspace on Thursday (June 30) were merely turning around and said it was the duty of the Thai side to make it bigger and wanted to take into account better relations between them than the Prime Minister said the matter had already been discussed with Myanmar's military envoys, which the party had already apologised for and insisted it was not intended to happen. A.V. Tak. As a result, local schools declared an emergency for parents to pick their children home and had to declare school closures, and there were signs for students to take shelter in bunkers. Whether or not the Myanmar military uses Thai airspace to attack the opposite side is whether Thailand tacitly supports such operations. And how well prepared is Thailand to deal with air intruders?
The U.S. military commissioner countered the criticism, sending the F-16 into slow flight, leaning on a good air defense system, but Myanmar was a friend.|The air defense system is good, but Myanmar is a friend. If a friend accidentally cuts off the front yard and we're going to shoot him dead, it's too, Gen. Nabadesh Thupatemiy. Air Force Commander, accompanied by Gen. Kongsak Chandrasopa Commander of the Air Operations Control Command (NCPO) responsible for radar stations across the country. Travel to Doi Inthanon Radar Station, Chiang Mai After receiving reports of duty, border patrols from radar stations captured the movement of Myanmar's Mig 29 aircraft, armed with attacks on minorities. As well as the radar station at Kanchanaburi, it reported to the Don Mueang Air Force Operations Center before ordering F-16 aircraft from 4 Takli Nakhon Sawan Squadron to conduct intercept and reconnaissance flights. In the case of Myanmar's fighter jets over the airspace, what happened has had the public and fans commenting and criticizing each other about whether the air defense system is good or not. Is it meant to be used for Children's Day, or even, say, the Air Force's top commander? Is there a judgment to make decisions too late? Your comments are correct. Our air defense system is very good, not as many people express their views. Our aircraft and pilots were good, knowledgeable, experienced, and finally the decisions of the high commanders were good decisions, which were not measured in speed, but rather discreet, and appropriate to the situation." He apologized: "We have a radar detection system and a good news wire, you can know when, in what areas, if you know in advance, we will send the aircraft up. Combat air patrol operations to show that this area is our area or if We will send planes to patrol, combat, and Air interception, asking the public to trust the Air Force as they have always believed in, and please trust us. Like all of you, patriotism, I'm sorry, the planes we send up to our pilots. We will take decisive steps, but under big circumstances, do not make small things big, and do not make big things even bigger when asked how to do it again. He said air defense normally has three orders, proving the faction, intercepting, destroying, but Myanmar is a friend. If a friend accidentally cuts the front yard and we're going to shoot him dead, that's too much. Therefore, proper operation is based on peer-to-peer treatment. He believes he is now aware of the mistakes that have been made.      
"Anutin" is gone. After contracting COVID-19, get ready to work this Monday.|Anutin has recovered from COVID-19 after returning from abroad. Preparing to run for July 4, the move was made by Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. As the leader of the Thai Pride Party At 10:30 a.m. on July 2, 2022, after testing positive for COVID-19 from a visit to a foreign ministry, he was treated at his residence from June 28 onwards and his condition improved accordingly. Mr. Anutin showed pictures of atk test results on July 1, 2022 at 2:10 p.m. and 2:15 p.m. in two retests.
"Thailand builds Thailand" hijacks the government to solve the problem of expensive rice urgently.|"Thailand builds Thailand" demand The state solves the expensive baggy rice expressly. The latter affects the cost of living of small people. The rice curry rose after the cost of all goods surged, said Mr. Man Charoenwan. Thai team builds Thailand, Bueng Kum district Kannayao discusses the situation of consumer goods that are becoming much more expensive. Whether it's expensive oil. Expensive gas That has aggravated the cost of living, and the state has not been able to address these issues today. The price of jasmine rice will rise to 30 baht per bag. The price hike in both types of rice inevitably directly affects the Thai brothers and sisters who eat rice as their main food. Therefore, I urge the Government to consider and investigate this rice price hike because if the price hike is allowed, it will inevitably affect the little brothers and sisters, who will inevitably bear the costs of the land. Explore the market Nowadays, curry rice in the cheap market has raised almost every price or reduced the amount for a long time. If rice, which is an edible item that is desperately needed, comes to raise the price again. Thais have the opportunity to eat curry rice at a price close to Singapore, of course, but on the other hand, the paddy that Thai farmers sell at a very high price is not very high. The more you do, the poorer it is. Therefore, as a close friend of the little people, urges the state to urgently address these issues. 
Reveals images of damage After the rains hit the Capitol building, worth tens of billions. Repeated water leaks|Rains hit the Capitol building. Vajra Phetthong, a former Democratic Party MP, revealed that at around 6pm on July 1, 2022, heavy rains occurred at the Parliament Building, causing the Anti-Corruption Organisation (Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives) to send pictures and clips of the 90-year-old parliamentary exhibition held on the wooden floor of the 1st floor of the Parliament Building. That rainwater flowing across the floor of the Parliament Building with a construction value of 12.28 billion baht reflects the shortcomings of the construction of the new Parliament Building? Because when it rains, there will be water leaks every time. Meanwhile, throughout the Capitol building, there will be water leaks. Water drops Dozens of spots of water seeped caused damage to the show's property, burdening the housekeeper to clean both the S.W. and S.S. buildings to clean up every time, with an order from the supervisor not to disclose the matter to outsiders. But the Forest Department has verified that it is a phayom wood, which has a large number of conditions throughout the building, and today's construction counts 3,351 days out of the 900-day construction contract that has not yet been completed, such as the doors of 65 soundproof commissioner's rooms, 148 soundproofed commissioner meeting room walls, 347 dead large trees, etc., but it appears that the contractor company made a letter of submission on July 1, 2022. Inform the Secretariat of the House of Representatives that it is 100% completed to evade fines of more than 12 million baht per day. Siam Thewathiraj then inspired a rainstorm to flood the parliament building. On the 1st floor, which is a wooden floor that has been constructed in violation of the specification, does not meet the requirements of the contract, how can the work be delivered that is completed? 
Political circles are sad that "R.T. Ranongrak Suwanchawi", a former ITC minister, has passed away.|Former ICT Minister Alai "Lieutenant General Ranongrak Suwanchawi", a former ICT minister, passed away peacefully at the age of 66 today (July 2). Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs To Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health (S.D.) As the son of Lieutenant General Ranongrak Suwanchawi. Former Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Posting a message on Facebook, Polapee Suwunchwee stated: "Thank you all for your care, concern and love for our mothers and their families. Now my mother has left us in peace. The family would like to thank you for all the messages and encouragement sent to our family. Thank you so much, it gives us a sense of the love that everyone has for their mothers. The religious ceremony will be announced again," for Lieutenant General Ranong Rak Suwanchawi. It's Adirondack ICT. During the governments of Abhisit Vejjajiva and Adityanath Treasury, in the governments of Mr. Singh Sundaravej and the government of Mr. Somchai Wongsawat, he retired from the post of President of the Provincial Administration of Nakhon Ratchasima. In October 2020, he reportedly died from falling and brain damage, including 66 years of age earlier. Former Commerce Minister, leader of Korat Group, Party for the Land, and husband of Lieutenant General Ranong Rak died of lymphoma in May 2021.
"Solar" has contracted COVID-19 with mild symptoms, but it doesn't affect work.|Minister of Industry Covid-19 has mild symptoms. Yan doesn't affect work from home. Secretary to the Minister of Industry It was revealed that Mr. Suriya, therefore, prospered. The Minister of Industry tested positive for COVID-19 on July 2, 2022, now with mild symptoms, and went through the treatment process on the advice of doctors, having informed those involved in the timeline, confirming that it does not affect work. Work from home, monitor for symptoms until your doctor confirms you to work normally.
The council said the rainwater leaked into the exhibition, just rain splashing because of the storm.|The council said the rainwater leaked into the exhibition, and it was just rain because of the storm. This Monday, the Inspector General's Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives sought to protect the Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives. It has issued a document clarifying the case in which the images were shared. Rain avalanche the Capitol building. On December 1, 2 The 90-year-old parliamentary exhibition booth was overturned and the efficiency of the construction of the Parliament Building was questioned as a result of the tropical storm "Hibiscus" (according to the Announcement of the Meteorological Department No. 7 dated July 1, 2022). As a result, a rainstorm splashed into the building around the central hall, 1st floor, the area surrounding the Emerald Pool, which was the venue for the "90 Years of Parliament, Travel and Hope" event from June 27 to July 8. Together with the exhibition space, it is an open space according to the concept of building architecture design in order to be an outstanding energy-efficient building with open space allowing outside air to flow into the building. As a result, some booths were knocked down and damaged. The wooden floor is designed to accommodate water splashing in. Therefore, it does not cause damage. However, the Secretariat of the House of Representatives hastened to manage the area, and assembled the fallen booths, restoring them to their original state to allow the booths to be displayed. Continued for the purposes of the event. Some media outlets have suggested that water is leaking from the ceiling, the original incident, where a water pipe leak was made on the side of the Senate Secretariat, which has now corrected the deficiency. I would like to confirm that in order to inspect the construction project of the new Parliament Building, it will be in accordance with the rules. The relevant regulations and taking into account the value and benefits that the government will receive are important aspects of the tri-battleship Samphao money. A spokesman for the House of Representatives Secretariat said that because the floor plan of the building was designed to be open-air, it would bring heavy rain and strong winds. So rainwater splashed in. On Monday, July 4, the issue with the Employment Ombudsman Committee, which is chaired by the contractor's and the designer's department, will be discussed. To inquire about the exact cause and lay out solutions, because it is an area that has not yet been handed over to the council. 
Digital lottery sold for 2 days out!|The prime minister reiterated the parallel survey of satisfaction in solving the problem of expensive tickets. Be prepared to develop options in the "Baotang" app to increase the chances of people with disabilities, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office revealed the sale of digital tickets. The third installment, 16 July 2022, was sold in the system with a total of 5,146,000 tickets. Yesterday, July 2, 2022, it was sold for only 2 days, and people came to buy all the digital tickets, which was considered to be sold earlier than the previous installment. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister urged to continue to monitor the results of the lottery sales. The government lottery is currently in the process of developing more options in the "Baotang" app to allow digital lottery tickets to be purchased with disabled stores and to be developed to be able to control voice work. In order to facilitate the disabled group, a spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said that in the period of August 1, 2022, the number of digital tickets will be increased by 2 million to 7.1 million tickets, which will be sold from July 17, 2022, will increase the number of tickets to 80 baht to meet the target of 1,077 points nationwide, as well as pilot the expansion of lottery points to PTT gas stations and bangchaks nationwide. At least 2,000 spots will be available by this year, which will give people more access to the 80 baht lottery. It meets the needs of the people. Public opinion polls showed satisfaction with the concrete solution to the government's overpriced lottery problem. The Prime Minister also emphasized measures to help lottery sellers and persons with disabilities who have careers in selling tickets to study the social impact in all dimensions, reiterating the problem in harmony with each other. Insist the government will not leave anyone behind.
"Libertarianism" proposes dissolving the ombudsman. S.T.S If fraud cannot be detected, buy the voice.|"Libertarianism," proposed the ombudsman. S.T.S If corruption cannot be investigated, buy a real voice because it exists, it is wasting the tax on the people of Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves. Head of the Liberal United Thai Party It revealed the corruption in past elections that invited the ombudsman. Let's get to know the facts. After a complaint was filed to the PDP, where he was the chairman. He asked the ombudsman how he had gone so quickly as to assure him that the election was fair despite a large number of complaints of vote-buying. But the Ombudsman replied that he saw it, but I did not see it as a very bad answer to the town, so the Inspector should be disbanded. It's a waste of money because it's not worth the people's taxes. Tang looked cool, but he was not responsible for anything but benefits, and insisted that the vote was now accepted by the candidates. The MP from the Liberal Party of Thailand is very good. I'm sure this time I'll win the election. If the rights are not purchased, sell the audio again. 
"Sonthirat" tour bangkhen ode market with 500 not enough money to pay for rice.|Sonthirat takes a tour of Bangkhen Market The state hastened to solve the 'expensive oil-fertilizer' cause to reduce the burden on people's living expenses. The party's secretary-general, Build a Future of Thailand, along with the party's deputy general secretary, Mr. Naris Chhayakol, along with the Bangkhen Market Group. To explore the prices of consumer goods and shop for goods within the market, such as meat. As well as discussing problems and encouraging local merchants, vendors and people who are struggling with the cost of living, Mr. Sonthirat said that today, as a representative of the Party for the Future of Thailand, he came to the area because he wanted to hear the problem directly from the people, today traders and people are struggling. It's a big deal for the government to expedite the process of fixing this market. It will send echoes to those responsible in government. The problem of expensive is a big deal for the government to expedite the implementation of solutions. Almost all of the more expensive items, Mr. Sonthirat said. "Today, we need to reflect on the problem of the government. The Party for Building a Future thailand has the idea of solving the problem of expensive. Is to say, the government needs to focus on expensive things. Because it's a destination that affects all citizens. Every household, because it has to buy groceries. The issue of expensive is a matter for the government to take over and control from the source, because expensive things come from many dimensions. The first dimension is the transportation costs affected by energy prices that the government will face. At least until the end of this year or early next year, when he was minister of energy. Shipping costs are calculated as about 2% of the sale price, but it's not the only shipping cost. On average, they think the price of oil is expensive. The second dimension is the cost of food production, the main issue is the cost of animal feed, chemical fertilizers, so I would like to propose to the government to look at the source because the solution will only look at the destination or control the price of goods alone. The problem affects the price of people's goods, including the use of tax relief measures on imported goods that are raw materials, etc., and the last dimension is the management of the cost of goods into the hands of the people, which they think is now difficult for retailers, wholesalers, etc. Can't pass on product prices, costs are more expensive. In this regard, the government needs to look at working together to solve the problem of retail, wholesale, and wholesale operators on two fronts, one of which is how to prevent profitable trade in this situation. Side 2: Promote supporting a group of traders who are good traders to stay. Today, there is nothing as big a challenge as how to alleviate the suffering of the people, how to help manage it from the source that will affect the cost of goods. Whether it's the agricultural sector. The energy sector they have consistently suggested. So the state needs to come in and help look at what financial measures, fiscal measures, what helped him to get through the crisis after COVID and then the war. It is a very large condition and it is important for the government to pay attention to what it affects the economy exponentially, and then Mr. Sonthirat showed the products that I bought from the market today and stated that today I brought 500 baht, intending to buy things, which in the past were not enough, because almost all the items are made. I want to reflect on this, I want the Government to take corrective action.
For Thailand It opened with 30 candidates for the Northern District 1.|The Party for Thailand unveiled its candidates for 30 seats in the Northern House of Representatives in seven provinces on Monday (July 4), as the Party for Thailand said in Mae Hong Son province, both districts, is still in the process of determining who to send to run. Mr. Tasaporn Serirak Doctors who have often held rallies with 2020 and other groups over the years. He was also named candidate of District 1, Phrae Province, where Mr. Tasaporn was the MP of the district in 2001 and 2005 during the thai rak thai party era. Thai Rak Thai Party prepares to run for S.S. Phrae District 1 as the Party for Thailand in the 2023 general elections The North is widely perceived as an area where the Party for Thailand often sweeps seats. The MP has a lot, as did the North East, but the 2019 elections have been over. Instead, the Pracharath Power Party has been able to penetrate the area, especially in Phayao province, home of Thamnas Brahma tribe, where the Thai People's Party won only 1 seat out of 3 electoral districts. The Party for Thailand did not send representatives for the seat to give way to the Thai Raksa Patriotic Party, but was later dissolved, allowing voters to vote for representatives from the New Future Party instead of the two districts. Leader of the Party for Thailand and S.S. District 2, Nan Province He said through a post on the party's fan page that the launch of the 30 candidates was a sign of the party's confidence in the northern region. Because it has been popular since the Thai Rak Thai Party and that many candidates have always worked closely with the people, Mr. Sompong Amornwiwat, advisor to the Party's Strategy and Political Direction Committee for Thailand and S.S. District 5, Chiang Mai province, commented that these 30 representatives are suitable and ahmad work to serve the people. The other six under consideration will be officially relaunched.
A government spokesman said. Prayuth is confident covid-19 can be controlled, and the public should not worry.|Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed on Tuesday (July 7) that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Confirming that Thailand's COVID-19 situation is still under control despite the high number of infections in some areas, we urge the public not to worry, emphasize, and follow public health measures. Protect, be aware of yourself when dealing with vulnerable groups, and receive both regular and booster doses of both regular and booster doses in all groups of people, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said. He further stated that Prayuth assured the public health system that it is ready to take care of patients and confirmed that the government and the Covid-19 Situation Management Center (NCDC) are ready to support the Ministry of Health and related agencies. If a future pandemic occurs.
Paiboon Yanks, the government whip, approved the party's vote of 100.|Mr. Paiboon Nittawan Members of the House of Representatives (MP) The deputy leader of the Pracharath Power Party said in the case of calculating the S.S. Roster that having members express the opinion that calculating the S.S. roster by dividing 100 would be contrary to the Constitution, it is an accusation of the Electoral Commission (CTC) because of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the election of members of the House of Representatives. The SEC drafted and proposed amendments, and also has the power to direct election laws in accordance with the Constitution. I would like to ask whether the opinions of some members of Parliament, and independent bodies with direct duties, such as the KGT, would have a more credible weight in stating that this amendment would give the major parties an advantage, seeing that the consideration of the constitutional assembly law is not a constitutional amendment, but rather a constitutional assembly law, which is to be considered in accordance with the constitutionality, as amended article 91, establishing the calculation of the S.S. roster in direct proportion, by adopting the number of S.S.S. rosters that are 100, nowhere near as high. When the people cast two ballots, one card chose the district MP, the other chose the S.S. roster, but when choosing the S.S. roster, the total score of the S.S. roster was divided by the number of S.S. rosters, so that the S.S. should have it, it was self-conceived without the law to support the part where the Whip Government confirmed that the resolution of the Commission, which was the draft of the KGT, was calculated by dividing method 100, and the People's Power Party adhered to the principle. The party leader has already confirmed that it is in accordance with the commission.
Anutin Singh responded with a review of Masque, who had just recovered from COVID.|Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, said: With the new wave of COVID, rural doctors have warned, including warnings from doctors, that reporters are trying to ask if mask wearing will be reviewed. Anutin, meanwhile, said he had just recovered from COVID-19. Before walking out of the interview band immediately.
"Wang Yi." Foreign Minister of China Visit "Prayuth" on the anniversary of the Thai-Chinese cooperation|H.E. Mr. Wang Yi, Mayor of State and Minister of Foreign Affairs People's Republic of China visited reverently. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence, on the occasion of his visit to Thailand, said that the COVID-19 situation in Thailand is now beginning to unravel. Thanks to the cooperation received from many countries. including China. Concerned about the flood situation in southern China We are confident that China will be able to resolve the situation as quickly as possible. Leave your remembrances and best wishes to President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Li Keqiang. The Prime Minister welcomed the strong Thai-Chinese relations at all levels. Continued dynamics, including welcome the one-decade anniversary of the "All-Round Strategic Partnership". this year. The Thai government is ready to cooperate with Beijing to develop partnerships for the next decade, and acknowledges that in discussions between you and the Deputy Prime Minister and The Minister of Foreign Affairs, we will be able to work with the Chinese government to develop partnerships for the next decade. China and Thailand agreed in principle to the idea of aiming to develop relations to pave the way for 50 years of establishing diplomatic relations in 2025. 2025)Mayor of State and Minister of Foreign Affairs He praised the Prime Minister for maintaining social stability while promoting economic development and managing the challenges of COVID-19 well. It's all The well-developed Thai-Chinese relationship has never changed, because President Xi Jinping and the Prime Minister have an understanding of each other. This year marks the 10th anniversary of the "All-Round Strategic Partnership". Together, the two sides discussed to restore the economy and society together after covid-19. This year, the period January-April, trade grew by more than 20 percent, a good sign of both economies. Thank you to China for responding to Thailand's proposal to facilitate the transportation of agricultural products, of which agricultural products are the No. 1 export product from Thailand to China, and has proposed that China consider expediting the construction of fruit import facilities in other chinese areas, and invites China to consider increasing investment in Thailand. This is a link between the region's logistics systems, especially in the Eastern Special Development Zone (EEC), which is ready to support investments in industries where Chinese companies have the potential and expertise, such as electric vehicles and agricultural industries. In terms of promoting connections. The Chinese side is focused on linking the China-Laos railway project with the Thai rail system. The Prime Minister confirmed that Thailand is fully committed to completing the Thai-Chinese railway project within the stipulated timeframe. He also thanked China for allowing Thai commercial airlines to return to flights and allowIng Thai students to gradually return to study in China, which the Chinese side said would result in more flights and more support for travel between the people of the two countries. At the same time, China reaffirmed its support for Thailand's hosting of APEC, which the prime minister said sought further cooperation from China to promote cooperation in dealing with the highly uncertain regional economic situation together. It's all The Chinese side said there were no other disruptions. President Xi Jinping will attend the APEC 2022 meeting in Thailand at the end. The Prime Minister has spoken to the Mayor of State and the Minister of Foreign Affairs. The People's Republic of China, Qixin xieli shishi shunli, joined forces as one. Things will go smoothly. If they cooperate, even the mountain rangers can move.
Thaksin Chop Big Tu Sloppy! Leaders have to work as a mockery of any formula, the Democratic party is over 300.|"Thaksin" shuffles "Big Tu" and the leader has to work as, not as a result, but as a tax. Taking the military to solve the economy, I can't see a way out at all. Instead, 500 for fear of smaller parties holding hands with "Dhamnas" to overturn the government, mocking the democratic party's formula for exceeding 300 Facebook fan pages "CARE THINK MOVE THAILAND" published a speech by former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra or Tony Woodsom via CareTalk x Care ClubHouse titled "Leaders must work, not tax". I think that's enough. Having to switch to smart work can be done, then hard work will focus on force, but smart work will take heart and a good team. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister like to complain about hard work, but never show that they work smart. It has to work strategically. There are assignments and responses to how they were edited. I had to do my homework back to think about, not days, just check the files, and complain that I was tired. It's not that you're a budget maker, a budget maker, not a budget maker, and you're a money-maker. It's good to think about what to do to run out of budget. It's a bureaucracy that's been taught like this, you're used to using it and don't think about how to put money into it, Mr. Thaksin continued, saying that solving the country's problems requires a strategy. Today, I have not seen or heard of the government strategizing. In order to solve inflation, how expensive oil is, but pushing the SOC (National Security Council) to solve the economic problem requires economists to solve it. This is pushing the military to solve the economy, I don't see a way out at all. Today, the power of the Thai people is huge, not just the military. The older the soldiers, the less intelligent they were, the less lieutenant-colonels were good because they were still fit, tightly literate, and more than a hundred, but when they grew up in the camps, the wars were rarely there, and there was a coup. He also said that the news that the prime minister smashed the table ordering the division of 500 to feed 100, because of what, the prime minister feared the small party shook hands with R.A. Thamnas Brahmachari, who had collapsed on him. Prayuth is because he wants to stay, not because he wants to solve the country, because the problem is beyond wisdom to solve, so eating 500 to please the smaller party is better than assuming that if divided 500 steps farther, it will be a lot of party list, but if you divide 100 for Thailand, it will be a lot, so whether dividing 100 or 500 for Thailand plus stepping farther, it is more than 300. Where the Liberal Party unites Thailand, it will get more party lists. The People's Party, too, the Democratic Party doesn't care, because the total is over 300, of course the government is less than 200, so let's not find out that I'm insulted, but I'm really, really, really good, bad, not even 200. You no longer have sovereignty. You have a council, you have to meet the people. If you can't. Don't put your prying budget against Chhattisgarh. The governor of Bangkok is wasting time. Even if there is a PUBLIC RELATIONS department, it cannot advertise because the product will be advertised, it is on the product, and people who try good and bad will tell word of mouth.
The Supreme Court upheld Theptai-Manoj with a 10-year disqualification in the election case.|The Supreme Court read the verdict on Wednesday (June 6) to imprison Mr. Theptai Senpong, a former member of the House of Representatives (MP), Nakhon Si Thammarat province. The democrat and former provincial executive director Manoj Senpong for two years without parole, but revoked his 10-year voter turnout. Those who served between 2010 and 2014 complained to the Electoral Commission (CTC). During the election period, The Prime Minister In 2014, it claimed that Mr. Manoj and Mr. Theptai, who were brothers, were not involved. It broke several electoral laws, such as catering to local leaders, and buying votes. The results of that year's Nakhon Si Thammarat mayoral election showed that Mr Manoj defeated Mr. Pichai by a vote of 262,943. By 192,062 votes in 2020, the lower court ruled that Mr. Manoj and Mr. Theptai were actually guilty and sentenced to three years' imprisonment, but reduced the sentence from one-third to two years each without parole and 10 years of political disqualification during the appeals court. The Constitutional Court also issued a decision on Jan. 27, 2021, allowing Mr. Theptai to vacate his post, citing the prohibited qualifications of members of the House of Representatives in the Constitution, stating that even if the case was not finalized, he was ordered to be imprisoned by the court for about four months thereafter. The Court of Appeal then read the standing judgment of the lower court, allowing the two Senpong brothers to continue fighting the case in the Supreme Court, leading to the latest move.
Take note! Big Tu borrowed the Swiss ambassador's electric train. Circling in front of a twin-sky Thai building, the neck of the lottery floats.|The raffle neck doesn't miss the bright red EV Mini Cooper registration, after "Big Tu" borrows the Swiss ambassador. Try circling in front of a pair of thai skyscrapers. Government House today (July 6) at the Ivory Room. Thai Twin Sky Building, Government House Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister welcomed it. H.E. Mrs. Helene Budliger Artierda, Ambassador of the Swiss Confederation to Thailand, bid farewell to the Prime Minister on the occasion of his retirement after the meeting. Gen. Prayuth walked down to Mrs. Hellene in front of the Twin Sky Thai Building and saw a bright red ev brand Mini Cooper S car, registration number 76-1002, at the Swiss Confederation's Embassy in Thailand. Using it as a vehicle to come to Government House, the Prime Minister paid attention to the inquiry. Knowing that it is a clean energy electric vehicle, he paid attention and asked for a test ride on the bright red EV brand Mini Cooper S. registration number 76-1002, driven by the embassy's driver, who drove one around the lawn of the twin-sky Thai building while the second round. Prayuth asked for a self-driving test drive, with the Swiss Ambassador to Thailand sitting on the left, conducting one test drive and waving to a group of reporters and photographers, as well as expressing satisfaction with the car, which was an energy-efficient car, before the ambassador and his group returned. Swiss Confederation Ambassador to Thailand We have used eve vehicles with a total of 4 people to save energy and use clean energy vehicles.
"Pun-pop", the best couple. 2 P. Military Officers on the Democratic Side.|In Government House there are 3P military officer brothers, the opposition also has a 2P military counterpart, that is, "Pop Commander". Miss ANUDIT NAGARATORNP Former Minister of Technology, Information and Communications and former Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand, who is now mp for Bangkok, Sai Mai district, with best friend. "Colonel Pun." Miss SIDHA TIWARI Former spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office and former MP for Khlong Toei District, who is currently co-founding the Thai Build Thai Party with Ms. Sudarat. Geyuraphan, as chairman of the Steering and Development Committee of the Party, started the friendship of 2 P. Pope and Colonel Pun. From the Air Force Academy, the couple were only a few months apart. Therefore, the contiguous classes are 23rd and 24th respectively. Since I was 18 years old, the total period is now almost 40 years. Revealing that they were the first young Air Officers to fly the F16 and had the opportunity to go to flight training nearby, eating in the same area all along, Mr. Sitha said the first feeling on his face was, "How can you be a soldier? Guava face I'm a little red," he continued, adding that the charm and handsomeness wouldn't overlap the line. Because it's going to be popular in the city. Pop is popular with the provinces, as he likes to use rotten water like "Even though rotten water still has a moon shadow, I don't have a shadow of her." Miss Sitha laughs, but the best thing about Ms. Anudit is to play singing music. Enough to catch Mike. The girls screamed, even though the bar that Hat Yai hired to sing in the store was a special income. Mr. Anudit said he knew. Ms. Sidha came earlier because he had finished the Demonstration School of Kasetsart University and heard the juniors tell me about having children preparing to flirt with agricultural demonstration children, which was a disqualification. We met face to face in the Air Force Academy, so I picked up a little bit, like ordering shoe polish, ordering push-ups, but vice versa. Ms. Sidha said that this is what the juniors want because they don't have to go to morning training, but instead sit down and polish their shoes. Both of them were activity kids. Miss Anudit is in the orchestra. As for Mr. T.T. Sidha, who is an athlete, Sita said that when we were in school, we all knew that Mr. Anudit's father was a former political politician. In the future, he had to quit to work in politics until Mr. Anudit came to say that he might have to go to work in politics, asking himself to continue to be a soldier. I listened to Thaksin Shinawatra speak and was impressed, so I went to the Thai Rak Thai Party application. So I said, so it's a switch. I'll be in the army myself, until time passes. So I went to invite. Mr. Anudit, again in politics, argues that growth in the military will follow the senior order, but in the political arena it is like racing around an open, where anyone can come up. It depends on the ability. Mr. Anudit also thinks that if he enters politics, he will benefit the city more than the military. He decided to join the Thai Rak Thai Party and later ran for election as mp for Bangkok when asked what it would cost to become a democratic soldier? Mr. Sidha replied that being a soldier is bad, because the soldiers who rob democracy, he says, are good soldiers. The soldiers who resigned to run for election, he called the soldiers bad. When he was in a coup, he was arrested for 7 days in a cockroach room, while Mr. Anudit was called to adjust his attitude twice. Coup d'état, and I'm saying, we're trying to be an example, and we're also inviting a lot of people. Say that if we are soldiers, then we want to be politicians. Don't go for a revolutionary choice. Don't seize power, if you want to be a politician, let your brothers and sisters choose, and we'll be proud. At the same time, it confirms that the institutions that have graduated. "The people he's going to put together and take the military to rob the people of power...the kids know it's not to be done...suspect these people hypnotize themselves...what they're doing is something that's a contribution to the country. Help the country, hypnotize yourself, and then when you come in and do whatever it takes, you have to thank me for saying this," said Dr. Anudit Sita, adding that he actually did not hypnotize himself, but the surroundings hypnotized, and then conveyed what he wanted to hear. Look at the forgot comments. The day before I forgot to close the comments for two hours, I got fifty thousand comments. However, Ms. Sidha reiterated that good soldiers exist and there are still many, not just soldiers alone, but more than 90% of all civil servants, he wants to work professionally, is a military professional, is a civil servant, he works in professional service, "but only a small minority want to seek power using the resources of the country. Use guns, use tanks. In order to rob our power, the current process uses methods to create conflict for the people, until it cannot go anywhere. When I can't get anywhere, people start to feel that there needs to be some kind of mechanism to come overrule or get rid of it in order for the country to move on. He's waiting to get to that point." Mr. Sitha said they grew up as civil servants in the Ministry of Defence. It was not possible to manage the Ministry of Defence effectively, but one day came a coup d'état and took control of all the ministries. The Ministry of Defence has failed, and what knowledge and abilities will he take to run the civil service in other ministries? This one-stop bureaucracy is the scariest, because it uses the law as an important tool to exploit each other,"can it restore the democracy it should be to the country? Even today, we are told, we have a constitution. More than half of the people's brethren are self-professed constitutionalists, but it really isn't: the mechanism by which it binds knots. Put the mines aside, it will be the rules which propel the country under the authority of this group of people. Capitalists, warlords, he was happy. Most people The little ones are all ruined," said Dr. Anudit.
Auspicious Chong, the military commissioner, called Prayuth to clarify, but myanmar's airspace.|Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintharanon Members of the House of Representatives (MP) - List of Thai Srivilai Party as spokesperson for the Military Commission He said on Wednesday (July 6) that he had proposed to the commission. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence came to clarify about the fact that Myanmar military aircraft flew over Thai airspace on June 30, the Chief of Staff said that the Grand Commission invited the Air Force Commander to clarify on Thursday (Oct. 7), while the Military Empowerment Subcommittee invited the Army Commander and Region 3 Commander to clarify the matter. He was aware of the damage done to the lives and property of the people in the area, while the Myanmar government issued an apology to the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Don Pramatthi. The MP said it was not appropriate to speak on his behalf, but rather that myanmar's military junta should issue a statement or official statement apologizing to the Thai people. He added that such acts under Section 3 of the Penal Code are offences against the security of the state outside the Kingdom under Articles 119 -120, punishable by imprisonment for life or imprisonment ranging from ten years to twenty years. Therefore, it must be understood that the MiG-29 relied on Thai airspace to shoot down the Karen people, and there were many deaths, mostly of young children, who were considered war criminals. This is a big deal, Thailand should play a neutral role.
Parliament voted in favour of the 500-member list party hoping to extract it for the Thailand slide.|A majority of parliamentarians voted in favour of a way to calculate the number of party-list MPs by dividing 500. With 354 votes to 162, as of Wednesday (June 6), the vote on how to calculate the number of MPs on this list of parties. It comes after the 2017 constitution was amended. Section 91, from the use of a single card, to being "separated" between 400 district councillors and 100 party-list senators, is a reason to use 2 cards, the use of 2 cards is terminated, and the party list card score of 100 appears to be terminated. Ravi Mashamadol of the New Dharma Party proposed bringing 500 to divide, citing a constitution that states that every vote must have meaning, using 500 to divide means a lot of divisors, meaning that 1 CONGRESS can use fewer people's voices. Making it easier for smaller parties to enter the House, such objections seemed less welcome at first. The proposal to use such 500 divides is of greater interest. Amid the popularity of Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, the head of the Family for Thailand, the popularity of the pracharat power party has faded. Having won only 2 of the 50 seats in the Bangkok Council in the May 22 local elections, Mr Ravi said before the vote on the same day. Underscoring concerns about the party's popularity for Thailand, it said that bringing 100 to divide would give major parties such as the Party for Thailand an advantage, but bringing 500 to divide would give smaller parties the possibility of returning to the House of Representatives on Tuesday (June 5), reported Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence supported the use of 500 marshals. The Deputy Secretary-General of the People's Democratic Party and the S.S. Roster will announce that the resolution of the Coalition Coordinating Committee of the Government approved the adoption of the 100-member constituency in the vote of parliamentarians. He approved Mr. Ravi's proposal, despite the vote that it would make the S.S. irrational and would be contrary to the Constitution of Ms. Theerarat Singh. S.S. Bangkok District 18 (Lat Krabang) The Party for Thailand commented on the vote via Twitter as "breaking the will of the people and the principles of democracy". The Party for Thailand said the vote was "disgraceful" for amending the law to be unconstitutional. 
For Thailand, the 500-party manifesto clearly violates the Constitution. Go all the way through the wrong channels.|The Party for Thailand, in a statement on Thursday (July 7), disagreed with the use of the formula for calculating the 500-member party list because it was seen as clearly contrary to the constitution, requiring the search for 400 district councillors and 100 party list members separately. Party for Thailand and Party Secretary-General Read the party's manifesto, which reads as follows: "The story Congressional resolutions are unconstitutional. It is unlawful to the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. Amended (No. 1) B.E. 2564 (2021) which amends Article 91 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. Change the electoral system from a mixed allocation system to a parallel system that is the same system used under the 1997 Constitution and the 2007 Constitution as amended in 2011. Separate borough and rosters. Using 2 ballots, 1 each, the calculation of the number of mps on each political party's roster is a proportion that is directly related to the total scores on the roster received by the political party. No number was taken. The electoral districts received by political parties are considered the party's final result. That politics will be. The four drafts, including the Cabinet Draft, which is the main body for consideration in amending Section 128 of the Electoral Act, all propose a method of calculation. In accordance with the amended constitution, the S.S.A. shall take the total number of votes received by all political parties in a roster election divided by 100, and then divide the result by the scores received by each political party. Regardless of whether a political party gets it. The zoning council, which was set up by parliament, also approved the draft amendment, Section 128, without two amendments, today there has always been news that the authority in the government wants to change the electoral system back to a mixed rationing system to continue to inherit its powers. Regardless of parliamentary laws and regulations. It takes into account its survival and political interests. Today, a number of members of Parliament, who are in the government's hemisphere, have deliberately used their majority to act in violation of Article 91 of the Constitution by voting to amend Article 128 of the Minority Commission to bring back the mixed rationing system abolished by the 2021 Constitution, such amendments contrary to Article 91 of the Amended Constitution, 2021, and the Parliamentary Convention Regulations explicitly, the Party for Thailand would like to inform the press and the people's brothers and sisters of the people about the use of the majority to act capriciously, violate the Constitution to inherit power, and the Party for Thailand will take action to allow the courts. The Constitution continues to rule on the issue of article 128 being unconstitutional and will do everything it can to stop these atrocities," said Mr. Chonnan Srikaew. Senator Nan, the party's leader for Thailand, said the overturning of the resolution could be exchanged to keep the government out of the debate. If true, it would be to dominate political parties and disrupt the work of the legislature. Therefore, after this, complaints will be filed with various organizations to investigate the matter.
Go the extra mile. Frustrated, parliament chose a party formula divided by 500 believers wanting to inherit power.|The far-right party said on Thursday (July 7) that it was disappointed by the fact that a majority of members of Parliament chose the way the 500-in-part party list was calculated instead of 100 and believed it was an attempt by Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha to continue to inherit power. The party's general secretary, Mr. Chaithawat Tulathan, stepped forward. "So the far-right party has also insisted that we disagree with the amendment. Elections like the one that took place last night, and will be utterly opposed," Mr Chaithawat said. It explains that the far-right party originally proposed to amend the mixed proportional electoral system (MMP), similar to the one used in Germany, but when parliament approved the amendment in parallel, it was not. Use 2 cards to distinguish between zoning and party lists. The far-right party then proposed to use the formula to calculate the 100-party list without fractions, but it was not approved by parliament on Wednesday night (July 6).Mr. Padipat Santibada, S.S., Phitsanulok District 1. He added that the 2021 constitutional amendments are self-restrictive to no other system. Besides dividing 100, "section 3 of the amendment leaves us with no options. We have no option to propose any other electoral system other than a parallel system. It's the will of the Constitution." Mr. Padipat said, S.S. Phitsanulok. It goes on to say that in the past, the response to the 500 division has been very sparse, but over the past several weeks the group's voice has been mixed. Instead, the S.W. turned to support the formula suspiciously. It was also reported that Gen. Prayuth also wanted to use the 500 division during the same period, "so I can confirm that this is a matter of executive power. interferes with legislative power in the most dubious way."
"Council 500" magic number Landslide closures—like the government.|"500" is like a magic number that it will produce every miracle in parliament, from voting to elect a prime minister, where even if the person who wins the election, the MP of the Pracharath Power Party is less than the Party for Thailand, but when combined with the S.W. and the ruling coalition party to 500 votes, it turns the pracharat power into government and NCPO chief Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha as prime minister on Wednesday, July 6, once again the 500 figure shows a miracle. After the Cabinet, and several other political parties, proposed a draft amendment. Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives According to Section 23, on the formula for calculating the S.S. roster, the list is divided by 100 votes from political parties' electoral ballots, while smaller parties like Dr. Ravi Mashamadol. As a minority commissioner, I would like to calculate the S.S. by dividing 500 according to Article 500 of the Constitution. 93-94If it's simply explained that there are 2 ballots to elect a district MP and a party selection which will be converted into a S.S. roster, Section 23 talks about how to calculate the S.S. roster, divide it by 100, i.e., take the party's vote as the candidate and divide it by 100 to find the S.S. roster in each party. Dividing 500 is to divide the party's vote by 500 to find the entire S.S., and then subtract the number of district MPs who won the election, and then get the S.S. roster of each party, so dividing 100 will require the S.S. roster to get a minimum of 370,000 votes, and the major parties will have an advantage, but dividing 500 will bring the minimum number of votes for the S.S. roster to just 74,000 votes, which is similar to the 2019 election, and smaller parties or parties that use the sub-bank split strategy will have an advantage, as the party's landslide campaign for Thailand is almost impossible in a situation like this just two days before the vote. There were signs from the government that it would vote for the 500 dividing formula, which contradicted the bill proposed by the C.M. in the House for the 1st term earlier, but by a miracle it gave the minority commissioner Dr. Ravi the motive and overturned the 100 dividing formula by a vote of 392 to 160, abstaining by 23 votes. This may be buying the hearts of smaller parties to vote on distrust debates and close landslides, but the next challenge is what party will become a sub-branch of government in a sub-bank strategy, and how will the Party for Thailand solve the game after this?
Chhattisgarh Singing. It's a shame to see My Brother Tik Red Bailey teasing herself as a little sweet red soda.|Chhattisgarh It's a shame to see Brother Tick. Dang Bailey, a Bangkok central event, teases itself, red soda sweet little from the case (July 7) at the city hall courtyard, Bangkok City Hall. The reporter reported that Tick Jessadaporn The famous actor came to the film fair in the middle of the plot at the city hall, Bangkok City Hall, to watch the film in 1956. Thugs dominate the city, where Tik plays the hero as Red. Bailey by Sai Charoenpur and Nontriy Nimi Son, the film's director, said. Tig Jessadaporn revealed that he wanted to meet the governor of Chuchchart Singh because there were many things to discuss and invited everyone to watch the film. Brother Tik will be coming to the event. Bangkok's governor, Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, opened the Bangkok Festival in the middle of the plot before attending a meeting of parliament to clarify the budget. As a result, Mr. Chhattisgarh did not meet with the latest tick brother. This morning, Facebook Chatchachart Sittiphan was livestreamed before Governor Chuchchart went for a jog and explored the Inthamara district, where he spoke to the administrator about yesterday's bangkok event in the middle of the plot, with the governor saying: "Cry. I didn't see Brother Tick last night, but the governor's mission was to go to the council to clarify the budget, but it's important because we have to go to the budget to try to get the budget to the people of Bangkok. It's okay, it's on duty, it's sneaky. Look at it a little bit. When the admin said that if Brother Tik played Red Bailey, what did the master play red, the audience teased that it was Red Soda, so the governor said,"Little Sweet Soda Red" and thanked everyone for yesterday's work. No rain.  
Mom rejoiced, acknowledging the charges. The latter was sued for defamation. Confirm the original term "marijuana is a drug".|
"Prayuth". "Thank you, I'm worried," he said after being asked about the case of "Abe" being shot.|Today (July 8) at 3:15 p.m., Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence presided over the plaque ceremony. Outstanding contribution to the prevention and suppression of information technology crimes for the year 2022 at Government House. Responding to a reporter's question, after being asked about the case, Mr. Shinsou Abe The former Prime Minister of Japan was assassinated during a speech. This event will cause Whether or not gen. Prayuth himself needs to intensify security, to which Gen. Prayuth replied briefly, "It must be concentrated. Thank you for being worried."  Lt. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprabhasar, Deputy Chief of Staff, as director of the Center for Security Emergency Response Operations. The National Police Service (NSA) also spoke about the measures taken to take care of the leaders. After the shooting incident, Mr. Shinsou Abe said that as he oversaw security work, he was shocked by the shock in Japan. We also need to intensify measures, look at them in detail and take care of foreigners. This includes safety measures for apec meetings and related meetings that will take place soon. To reassure foreign leaders who will be coming to Thailand on July 10. U.S. Foreign Minister will come to Thailand The meeting is scheduled to take place. Gen. Prayuth, who is also at Government House. While the authorities already have a plan in place, they need to intensify the plan more and more specifically. To gain the confidence of all parties.
Chuchchart landed the first spade to plant trees throughout the city, with 1 million people fully booked.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Starting planting 1 million trees on Sunday (July 10), several media outlets said the project had received positive feedback and included groups of individuals and organizations. 1 million trees have already been planted, of which 19,090 trees have been planted with the media, while interested citizens can join the project as well by booking trees in the application that will be launched soon, but if they want to plant at all, they can also do so in parallel with the project.
Waste money by not having the "chuch nation" order, do not use organizers to organize events.|Chuchchart ordered not to use organizers for the event because it wasted money without cause, and used the budget to do something better for the benefit of the people than today (July 10, 2022). Mr. Chhattisgarh Singh During the meeting, Mr. Chuchchart said, "Next, in organizing the event, do not use a lot of organizers because it costs money for no cause, the end does not have much effect on the people, and further to use the PR team to conduct the internal events of the district by inviting the press to participate. This is considered a PR policy because the budget, if used, does not benefit the people and is exhausted within 1-2 days, it is considered useless. In bangkok's various channels.
Thailand launched 21 candidates for Bangkok's S.S. from 33 districts.|The Party for Thailand unveiled that 21 candidates for the Bangkok House of Representatives from 33 electoral districts on Monday (July 11), the 21 list said at the Candidate S.S. Bangkok of the Party for Thailand, while the remaining 12 candidates are still awaiting clarification. Both the selection of candidates and the zoning of the electorate. Upcoming elections Bangkok will be divided into 33 electoral districts, as opposed to the 2019 elections with the previous 30 districts. The Party for Thailand launched its candidacy for 30 of the North's 36 electoral districts.
Prayuth did not respond to questions about raising the electricity bill to 5 baht, asking a spokesman.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister declined to answer media questions after chairing the 3rd/2022 Eastern Special Development Zone Policy Committee meeting via video conference in front of the Government House Loyal Building. In the event of a meeting to discuss raising the FT electricity bill to 5 baht in September. This, by briefly stating that there is something to ask of Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong, won. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office noted that the Prime Minister was trying to reserve his stance. It does not respond to press inquiries, and avoids retaliation for political issues in this way, predictably as preparations. To receive a distrust debate under Section 151 that will take place on July 19 -23.
"Chhattisgarh" ran in search of a road sweeper. Knott cried out, relief not to blame.|"Chhattisgarh" ran in search of a road sweeper, knotted with dreaded stunts, relieved not to be affected by the news flow. Thank you for daring to report the problem to The Governor of Bangkok, Mr. Chatchachart Siddhaphan. Clarified the case earlier while going for a run at the railway park. Passing through the Ari district, he encountered a road sweeper informing him that there was a "nectar pipe" that could not be drained, which he was worried about being reprimanded for, and in the morning returned to the run to find the road sweeper again. Until he found out he was on duty, he went in and talked. It was found that the sweeper was named June. Upon finding it, he was comforted to know that he had not been punished, and insisted that the matter was not wrong, Mr. Chuchchart also said, thanking the sweeper, saying thank you to Mr. June for daring to bring the problem to the governor, and if anyone encounters the governor, they can come and report the problem. According to the inspection, it was found that it is not a clairvoyant pipe or cannot be drained, but the road surface is characterized by a puddle and the pipe is higher. Mr. Chatchachart stated that there are many roads in Bangkok that look like this, insisting that if everyone helps each other to observe, they will see the problem. If everyone works together, they will be able to transform Bangkok, said Mr. Chatchachart Siddharthaphan, governor of Bangkok. Discuss covid-19 situation After the meeting of the management team, Bangkok said that the number of patients has now increased due to ATK testing and that there are expected to be patients who are self-keeping at home as well, but based on the assessment of the situation, it is not worrisome. It's at a manageable stage. Initially, red patient beds could still accommodate patients, and it recently ordered 500 green patient beds and 300 beds in the waiting center. However, it continues to stress that the public should follow disease prevention measures, wear masks, be concerned, especially the 608 group, and ask the public to get a booster shot. 3 needles and needles 4. At West 2 Sports Complex, Bangkok Youth Center (Thailand-Japan) is open to people to walk in to get vaccinated every day, or public health centers in all 50 districts in Bangkok with reports of vaccination figures. 3. Of the people It now stands at 5,728,273 doses, or 68.10 %. 4 At 1,850,993 doses, or 22.01 %, infections among schools affiliated with Bangkok were not worrisome. Of the 0.84% or 2,133 infections, the majority of older children are more likely to be infected than young children because older children will have after-school activities such as playing sports For community isolation (CI) data in Bangkok, the number of shelters fulfills the potential of 46 shelters with 5,505 beds / requested to close waiting centers during the improved situation. The owner requested the return of 39 locations, while the waiting center, which is still open, has 127 beds for the waiting center that is ready to open in 3-7 days, and the area and equipment must be renovated, comprising 50 beds of all-ages happiness center in Bangkok Yai district , 100 beds for measuring the walls of Phasi Charoen district / 51 beds for all ages in Thung Khru district and 1 Min Buri 1 minburi center with 115 beds, totaling 316 beds.
Senators voted to pass the "Atrophy Egg Injection" law. Prevent repeat sex crimes|Yesterday, July 11, 2022, the Senate passed a bill to prevent re-offending in sex or violent offenses act 2022. The third term, as considered by the Extraordinary Commission, was completed by a vote of 145 to 0, abstaining by 2 votes, after which it will be forwarded to the House of Representatives for consideration and sent to the Council of Ministers (OMC). The bill includes 43 sections of the Act, 12 amendments, and is essentially an increase in tracking measures for offenders of sex or violent crimes such as murder. Rape is committed against us. Child sexual offences Even after being imprisoned for the term of imprisonment, has already been released into society, but some of the perpetrators are more likely to repeat the same offenses. Therefore, there must be specific laws to establish preventive measures against re-offending by requiring both corrective measures to rehabilitate offenders. Post-sentence surveillance measures, post-sentence detention measures, and emergency detention measures Prevent re-offences that may occur. In the rehabilitation measures for offenders, medical measures can be taken to give testosterone suppressants (injections to atrophy) to the offender. If it is deemed necessary, at least 2 doctors of psychiatry and internal medicine agree and obtain the consent of the offender, and the results of such medical measures shall be used as a condition for reducing the penalty, suspending the punishment, or allowing the offender to be released early.
P.P.C. opened the property "Knight Kwan Muang" after the departure of the governor's chair with 11 million, no debt of one baht.|Today (July 12), the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NPA) Disclosure of accounts of assets and liabilities of Lt. Col. Knight Kwanmuang In case of vacancy of the office of Governor of Bangkok On March 25, 2022, it was found that 71-year-old Lt. Col. Knight informed him of the divorce status, informing him that he had assets totaling 11,518,938 baht, divided into 4 deposit accounts with a total value of 3,867,938 baht, 6 plots of land in the area. Ban Bueng, Ban Bueng, Chonburi 5 plots, T.S.S.A., Khaek Road Nakhon Pathom 1 plot with a total value of 5,341,000 baht, vehicle to 1 car valued at 2,000,000 baht.  Other assets are only 10 baht of gold jewelry, valued at 310,000 baht, no debts, with a total annual income of 2,009,520 baht, divided into salary 864,720 baht, pension 646,800 baht, political bureaucrats 498,000 baht, annual expenditures of 704,000 baht, divided into life insurance 100,000 baht, utilities 120,000 baht, fuel costs 60,000 baht, telephone costs 24,000 baht, tourism expenses 300,000 baht, and donations of 100,000 baht.
Candidate S.S. Lampang Thamnas Party Sing. Singh|Mr. Wattana Sitwang or Dr. Rich Candidates for the House of Representatives District 4, Lampang province, from the Thai Economic Party, filed a petition against Mr. Thongnet Dujai. Director of the Office of the Electoral Commission Lampang at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday (July 12) pleaded guilty. Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves, head of the Liberal Unity Party of Thailand, said the campaign was being conducted by fielding the candidates. Claiming that sunday's (July 10) elections were dishonest and could be in violation of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives, 2018, Sections 73 (3) and 159, Mr. Wattana claimed to have provided whistleblowers and provided evidence, which clearly appeared that Lt. Gen. Seri Phisut, the head of the Liberal Party of Thailand, along with party members. Singing the faith song of a flint band, together with a band, and while singing a finger-pointing hand to the symbol No. 1, section 73 (3) of the said law prohibits campaigning by advertising or performing monstrosities, section 159 states that if it violates section 73 (3), it is punishable by imprisonment of 1-10 years, a fine of 20,000-200,000 baht, and revocation of the right to vote for 20 years.
Chhattisgarh, a nurse who gave birth 56 years ago, recalled a shocking doctor moment, coming out as a twin.|Chhattisgarh, who ran around the bird hunter, surprised to find a nurse who gave birth 56 years ago. Grandma recounted the shock doctor moment, coming out as a twin at 6:48 a.m. Bangkok's governor, Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, livestreamed while jogging and inspecting the Phran Nok Market area. Mr. Chhattisgarh said the day ran from the swing pole. But I didn't want anyone to know where to come, and I looked at the organizing patterns that were in place at one point in the run. On foot in the alley behind Wat Lakhon Do, near Thonburi Hospital. Two elderly people came in to talk, one aged 94, stating that they were the admiral's children. Soldier Khumhiran, a chaplain, exclaimed, "Whoa! It also states that their sister is a labourer. Mr. Chuchchart came with his hand, Mr. Chuchchart said, the doctor who gave birth was an adjunct doctor. Tobacco Hospital When we talked more, we knew that the sisters The 92-year-old, a nurse at Tobacco Hospital, gave birth to Mr. Chuchchart 56 years ago. My sister and grandmother walked in to join me. Mr. Chhattisgarh entered the conversation, inquiring about the atmosphere of the birthing process, and dr. I, the man. Before saying there was no ultrasound at the time, two doctors were shocked, Mr. Chhattisgarh said, "Thank you. Grandma." Glad to see a benefactor. Thank you, Grandma. It's unbelievable that I can meet, I'm going to tell my mom, my mom must be so happy. His father died 20 years ago. There's nothing to be said for you.
S.A.S.A. Harassing young women, some of whom were minors, "viroj" made a statement apologizing to the party.|According to the case, at 01.00 am on July 12, 2019, Krishda Manavongsakul, P.O.S.Thung Mahamek, received a report from the investigating officer that 4 young women had come to meet with the investigating officer to inform the prosecution of Mr. A.A. Thanthong, S.K., the party stepped forward. Sathorn District After travelling to Mr. Power's condominium, which is located in the locality. They all shared alcohol, even had the victim go to the bathroom, and then was indecently assaulted by the master, caressing and grabbing his chest. From the interrogation of all the victims in the preliminary. Two victims of legal harassment have been identified: Miss A (alias) aged 16 and Miss B (alias) aged 18. The two victims have been interrogated. If further testimony reveals more victims, the prosecution will continue to prosecute the four young women who were together in the condominium at the scene of the incident, according to investigators, including two 16-year-old youths and two 18-year-old girls. After the event, Mr. Power persuaded him to dine at the condominium, and the incident eventually occurred, the investigating officer has been gathering evidence to summon Mr. Power to acknowledge the allegations in the relevant sections, while it is also reported that Mr. Power has entered the daily record as evidence at Thung Mahamek since noon today. Head of The Bangkok Policy Steering Committee and Ms. Pataraporn Singh Ruangruangchai, S.K., Bang Sue District. The party stepped forward, press conference on the case of Mr. Anupat Thanthong, S.K., Sathorn District. The far-right party has been prosecuted for sexual harassment by Mr Viroj, said it was informed by Ms Bhatraporn. It was at 3:30 a.m. on the morning of July 12, 2022, that Mr. Powers was notified of sexual harassment charges. Myself and Ms. Bhatraporn then arrived. Thung Mahamek At approximately 4:00 a.m.-5:00 a.m., the main goal is to protect and ensure the victims' justice and safety, both physically and mentally, by talking to the victims. Yarn volunteers and police officers The facts were initially believed to be groundless acts, with the victim being taken as a minor to a housing estate. The matter will be referred to the party's disciplinary committee for consideration as urgently as possible. If facts are found based on the basis. The disciplinary committee can slash the maximum penalty for expulsion from party membership. As for the implementation of the law, the party will cooperate fully with the police and if all this is true, it is the duty of Mr. Powers to consider his own political position on Ms. Bhatraporn's side. Apologies to the brothers, the people and supporters of the party's work. The incident left the public frustrated and questioned the party, ready to cooperate fully with the police and ensure the safety of the victims throughout the process.
The green light "Dr. Opas" sat as a bailiff. S.T. represents the "Honourable Dr." who is retiring.|It was reported from Government House that the Cabinet Meeting (OMC) resolved to appoint Dr. Ophas Karykwinpong. The Director-General of the Department of Disease Control is the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Public Health in place of Dr. Kiattipoom Wongornjit, who will retire from October 1, 2022 onwards, as proposed by Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. Preventive medicine, epidemiology, and epidemiology are honored with a certificate demonstrating their knowledge and expertise in the practice of medicine. Internal Medicine, Medicine Council, Training Courses Senior Executive Officer : Visionary and Virtuous Leader Class 63, Office of the Civil Service Commission, Public Health Emergency Response Management US – CDC, USA, and National Defense College Training Course. 60th Generation Resume He served as director of Hospital (Community) Bueng Burap, Sisaket Province, Head of Internal Medicine Group. Hospital (General) Power Charoen, Power Charoen Province,- physician Hospital (center) Ubon Ratchathani Province,- Director of the Center for Venereal Diseases and AIDS District 7, Ubon Ratchathani Province,-Director of The Office of Disease Prevention and Control 8, Nakhon Sawan Province, Director, Bureau of General Communicable Diseases, Department of Disease Control Ministry of Health, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Disease Control, Inspector General of the Ministry of Health Health District 3. The Director-General of the Department of Medical Sciences has also served as Secretary-General of the Association of Preventive Medicines of Thailand, Director-General of the Department of Medical Sciences. Association of Hospital Administrators of Thailand and Director of The Royal Thai Hospital Foundation
"Invite, escape" with COVID. The doctor prescribed 2-3 hospitals. One believes lost time, debates, distrust.|"Chuan Avoid" caught COVID, tested 2 ticks of ATK, was recently admitted to Ramathibodi Hospital, the doctor asked for 2-3 days, the reporter reported. President of the House of Representatives and President of the Parliament Infected with COVID, having started experiencing symptoms from yesterday (July 11), feeling exhausted. After visiting Mr. Theptai Senpong, former MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat. Democrat Party at Nakhon Si Thammarat Prison Upon arriving at the council, officers checked the temperature. Later, as this morning (July 12) woke up, there was still exhaustion, unlike the last time I was hospitalized with chills. Therefore, the ATK was tested on its own, it turned out that it was 2 ticks, so it was re-tested, it still went up 2 ticks, so he was sure that he was likely to be infected with COVID-19. The doctor asked to stay at the hospital for a few days and then return to the hospital for treatment. Believe to keep up with the debate, don't trust. 
Chatchachart led Bangkok to feast on 65 monks on the day of volunteering for worship, no dresses, no Thai cloths.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Presided over a ceremony to pay tribute to 65 monks on the occasion of the 2022 Volunteer Day at the Temple. Mahathat Yuvraj Rangsarit Temple, with Mr. Shann Wangsang boon, Asst. Prof. Twida Kamolvej, Deputy Governor of Bangkok, Mr. Khachit Chachwanich. Bangkok's officials, including Buddhists, attended today's ceremony, mr. Chatchachart said that this philanthropy is considered a merit by Mr. Chatchachart, together with the officials of the company. Bangkok first took over as Governor of Bangkok and was glad to be a part of BANGKOK to see the cooperation of all districts and bureaus, bringing maximum benefits to the brothers and sisters of the people. Mr. Chatchachart also stated that it was a good time to have a five-day holiday to rest and merit, seeing it as the breaking point of COVID-19 as workplaces and schools stopped. This has resulted in more exposure to the open air, and as a result, has prevented the spread of COVID-19. It's a little bit. Mr. Chatchachart also said that today it feels very full and feels good. Received buddha water from Brahma Vajirathibodi. The abbot of Wat Mahathat Yuvraj Rangsarit, who had arrived at the temple almost in the morning, went for a jog and took a motorcycle to the temple, but fortunately arrived as scheduled at 07.00 am and said that he was not dressed today because he was not dressed in Thai clothes. Having to cut a Thai dress, Mr. Chatchachart also invited everyone to make merit. Keep your mind clear and healthy, make your body strong, mentally strong, merit and care for those less fortunate than us.
S.A.S.A. Place 100,000 Baht Bail fights girl pornography case, returns, switches cars, escapes the press.|At 8:30 a.m. on July 13 at Thung Mahamek. Prof. Krishda Manavongsakul, Thung Mahamek's deputy chief of staff, revealed the case. Four young women, aged between 16 and 18 years old, filed a complaint with the investigating officer to prosecute Mr. A.S. Thanthong, S.K.A. Sathorn said the investigation into the victims was conducted in conjunction with multidisciplinary authorities. The circumstances of the incident have been considered, and it is concluded that there are now victims. Indecent acts One of the victims, 18-year-old Ms. Air (alias), whose victim's testimony indicated that he had been harassed by hugging and petting, assigned an investigator to make an appointment to acknowledge the allegations of indecent acts late today. As for Mr. Powers, it is his right to do so at 9:00 a.m., along with lawyers and relatives. Arriving at the lodge, he immediately walked inside the investigator's office, where he was brought down from the police station, he said, and he did nothing. Before the investigating officer, Son Thung Mahamek, took Mr. Powers, applied for a warrant to the South Bangkok Criminal Court, after completing the interrogation upon arrival at the court, the reporter inquired whether there was anything he wanted to clarify. He said there was nothing to say and had already clarified the story to the police. As a group of Mr. Powers' relatives tried to block the press, and with nearly faint exhaustion in front of the cell, Mr. Anupat and his family performed the procedure in court for about two hours, before switching back cars to another. He dodged the press, got in his car and drove away from the courthouse. The car used to ride in the morning, the family drove back out. In order to avoid meeting with the press, court reports indicated that Mr. Anupat used 100,000 baht in cash as a guarantee to fight the case.
Far-reaching, unfolding, Prayuth squandered 10 million taxes, handing out 130 iPad Pro to civil servants.|Congressman Unfolds Prayuth gave out 130 top iPad Pro M1s to civil servants with accessories. Jul 2022) Mr. Jirat Thongsuvarorn, S.S.Chachoengsao, Far-right Party. Post a message via Facebook Jirat Thongsuwan – Jirat Thongsuwan says Iphone 12. This year, the Prime Minister's Secretariat (MPC) Mr. Prayuth distributed !!!12 iPad Pro M1s to 111 iPad Pro M1 officials with 2.6 million baht in public tax money. Joint machine 10 million baht From the tax money, the public asked for permission not to comment, sir, 9 thousand baht each, than my baht, it was not to print profanity.
SRT does not allow BANGKOK to use the speaker's head to project the movie "Karma Couple" at the "Bangkok Central Plot" event.|Mr. Ekraj Sriarayanpong Director of Public Relations Center State Railway of Thailand Clarified that the railway has not been formally coordinated by Bangkok at this time. Therefore, the bangkok station area (Hua Lamphong) has not been allowed to organize bangkok central plot events according to the news presentation. In considering the permission to use the Bangkok Station area (Hua Lamphong), the Railways takes into account the appropriateness of using the space in many aspects, especially In terms of safety and convenience of the brothers and sisters of the people who come to use the service to travel in Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong), especially Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong), it is a closed area, which at the moment the COVID situation has intensified. The railway has stepped up its adherence to strict public health measures. For the safety of the brothers and sisters of the people who come to travel, and most importantly, the upcoming weekend falls on the 5-day long holiday period from July 13-17, 2022. There are a lot of people coming to use the service to travel by long-distance train. As a result, the area around Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong) will have more people traveling in and out than usual, including in the form of activities. Bangkok in the middle of the plot is a format that should be suitable for open and open spaces so that the public can watch and walk in and out easily. While the Bangkok Station area (Hua Lamphong) is an area that has to take care of the safety of passengers' property, it is not appropriate to use the event space, according to a reporter. Governor Chhattisgarh Singh once said, "The governor of the railway will be screening the film in the middle of the plot, titled 'Karma Couple' in the speaker's head, because the story is connected to the 'Gobori' train, although not bangkok less, but it is still on this side."
Bangkok canceled the screening of the film in the middle of the "Karma Couple" plot at the head of the speaker on July 17 after the SRT did not allow it.|Today (July 14) after the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) It was revealed that bangkok (Bangkok) is not allowed. Using the area hua lamphong railway station to screen movies at the "Bangkok Central Plot" event due to the dreaded COVID-19 pandemic because of the closure of the venue, Bangkok recently announced the cancellation of the movie Bangkok Central Plot titled Karma Couple. On July 17, 2022, at Hua Lamphong Railway Station, Bangkok stated that if there are any further changes to the movie's screening schedule, Bangkok will immediately inform you again. Movie screening schedule Bangkok Central Plot Other matters continued as usual, with this week (July 14-16, 2022) held at two locations at Khlong Toei Youth Center, Khlong Toei District and Railway Park, Chatuchak District: Khlong Toei Youth Center, Khlong Toei District14. Jul RRR (2022)15 Jul 15 Mantra Love Transistor (2001)16 Jul Boonshu the Lovely (1988)Railway Park Chatuchak14 Jul 4Kings (2021)Jul 15 Portrait of a Lady on Fire (2019)Jul 16 Dark Heaven (1958)
Government spokesman Chau S.S. stepped forward. Dissenting Prime Minister Yan didn't order 10 million iPads.|Government spokesman Chau S.S. stepped forward. Dissenting Prime Minister Yan didn't order 10 million iPads, but the data was very murky. Jul.22) Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the case against Mr. Jirat Thongsuvarorn was "very important". S.S. Chachoengsao The party went a long way. As a Subcommittee on Education, ICT, State Enterprises and Working Capital. In the Extraordinary Commission considers the draft. Fiscal Year 2023 Expenditure Budget Act Facebook post Alluding to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence organized the top iPad Pro M1 with accessories for civil servants of the Prime Minister's Secretariat (MPC) 130. The machine is 10 million baht. From people's tax money, that such matters are not true, it is misinformation, a serious collage. Mr. Jirat represents the people. It plays an important role in determining the country's expenditure budget. But not studying the information well and also giving it to others is a terrible behavior. Therefore, the far-right party and society should rethink Mr Jirat's role, Mr Thanakorn said. Preparing an annual expenditure budget request is a matter of the government department determining which matters are important and necessary, and then proposing a budget request through the Budget Office. But the prime minister is not the one who proposes or provides the budget because everything is in accordance with the budget process that is considered by several committees," Mr Jirat said. Take 2 unrelated projects and create a new story. The first project is a request to purchase 138 ALL-IN-ONE computers to replace the original ones that have deteriorated according to the service life or 7 years according to the criteria set by the Budget Office. The cost of purchasing computers (including operating system fees) and tablets, including 2 projects, is 4.03 million baht. It's not a request to buy a top-10 million tablet, as claimed, so what Mr. Jirat said is very informative. It's intended to discredit the prime minister and the government, but the truth is a lie, so it's better to consider yourself doing other things." Thanakorn said.
Chhattisgarh didn't sleep, visited the garbage collector at midnight, and handed out late-night rambutan.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Visit and cheer on the garbage collector at the Nut Waste Plant. On Thursday night (July 14), continuing through friday morning (July 15), the governor of Bangkok, who was wearing a garbage collection employee uniform, was present. Asked how many years he had worked, he also asked about working conditions and how to collect garbage and the use of garbage trucks, one employee said that during the long weekends, the amount of garbage would be less than other periods. Because bangkok residents travel to other provinces. Mr. Chuchchart also distributed rambutan to the staff and took pictures with the staff and the public who asked to take pictures of the chuchchat couple. Sittiphan / Facebook Later, the Governor of Bangkok requested to attach a garbage collection vehicle with license plate 67-3313 Bangkok with the employees who would go to the garbage collection in Wattana back to their homes, located in Wattana district. Mr. Chhattisgarh joined in observing the duties of the staff. The public was surprised and asked for a photo, which one resident said was "the first governor to land", a visit to the public in the middle of the night prompted Mr. Chuchchart to cancel the run on Friday morning (July 15), the driver said, adding that the most rubbish spots were condominiums, followed by hotels and markets. As for shopping centers, waste is less because it has its own waste sales system. As for villages or detached houses, there is not much rubbish. There is only one bag per household, with most of them national. Breed Rights / Facebook
To Thailand, reveal a poster of distrust debate, think of a new Korean series with a chopper.|A Facebook fan page of the Party for Thailand published a picture of the distrust debate poster on Friday (July 15) that came in a manner similar to the South Korean series poster, the image of which was seen in a conference room atmosphere with a board of directors with pictures and information, and six members of the House of Representatives appeared on the poster in the suit, sorted from left to right: The text section on the poster labeled the debate as a "scaffolding battle" and indicated the date of the distrust debate between July 19-22. 
Chuchchat invites you to visit RoboCup 2022.|Bangkok Governor Chatchachart Sittiphan participated in the RoboCup 2022 International Robotics Competition at BITEC Exhibition and Convention Center. Bangna, Bangkok On Friday (July 15), the governor invited the general public to attend the event. It's not held in Thailand easily, where the event will be held on Saturday. He said attendees will see robots and automation that are beneficial to saving lives and the safety of many people in the city. And it's not just the inventions from Thai people. But there are also works from developers from all over the world to showcase and compete in the event. "I'd say include the world here," he said, ahead of the invitation. Mr. Chuchchart walked through the exhibits and exhibits of the exhibitors, and when visiting the work of a group of fire-fighting drone developers, he was stunned. He praised and developed drones for monitoring sidewalk lighting, in case it could be used in Bangkok and other cities. In the future, Mr. Chuchchart praised the façades of participating organizations and companies and spoke with a team from one organization, who developed automation systems in the factory while developing personnel skills to support future jobs during the conversation. Mr. Chuchchart praised the team's very skilled team and wanted to find a balance in the development of automation as well, so as not to have much impact on the hiring of manual workers. There were a lot of associates and volunteers asking for both double and group photos with the governor. Foreign associates also came to talk and give souvenirs to Mr. Chuchchart.
"Chhattisgarh" waded through Klong Toey Temple outside to solve the flood. It was the first governor to do a good job.|Chhattisgarh Pointing to the flooding point of Klong Toey Nok Temple, the construction of the barrage was not completed, and the temporary fix was expedited. The governor is a governor. The first person to act well today (July 15, 2022), Mr. Chuchchart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok. Surveying the flood problem after the villagers reported the problem at Wat Khlong Toei Nok, Khlong Toei District, Bangkok, Mr. Chatchachart said that there are 4 types of flooding problems in Bangkok: 1. Rainwater that falls a lot and cannot drain in time. 2. Northern water flowing from the river 3.Thung water is the water that comes from the field, such as from Rangsit. If any part of it has a pipe that doesn't fill the water, it's going to overflow for the dam-building project, it's a drainage bureau project. They have already met the source of the flooding. Part of the cause of the flooding is due to the dam because the dam will have a pipe that drains the water in and out and will need an open-close valve if the river water rises and closes the valve. Water will not pass through the pipes into the temple grounds and communities. If the water in the river goes down, open the valve to allow the water to flow out, which is currently under construction, but it is not yet completed. It will expedite the bureau's drainage efforts. During Mr. Chuchchart's mission, a foreigner came to greet Mr. Chuchchart as governor. The first person to do his job well, to which Mr. Chuchan smiled, told reporters, "His opinion will get a different perspective, because he's a visitor, and he's better watched than someone scolds."
Anutin Bin Express visits a dear friend. Region 4 captain after H.S. fall, broken pelvis, need surgery.|Anutin flies expressly by private jet. Visiting dear friends Lt. Gen. Kriangkrai Srirak The 4th Division captain, after the accident, H.S. Last fall, was safe. Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, flew by private jet to Hat Yai to visit Lt. Gen. Kriangkrai Srirak. 4th Battalion at the Hospital Moo. Hat Yai After the incident, a military helicopter affiliated with the 4th Army region crashed at Klong Yeo House. Wang Yai Thepa, Songkhla Province Earlier this morning, it was revealed that doctors initially reported that Lieutenant General Kriangkrai had a broken pelvis, had lost blood, but arrived at the hospital. Now entering the operating room, Mr. Anutin said. Chanvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health Revealing the progress of Lt. Gen. Kriangkrai Srirak, 4th Sector, that Lt. Gen. Kriangkrai had completed the surgery well. But doctors are still putting on a ventilator for a while to recover. I'll sleep in Hat Yai tonight and wait for my visit. Mr. Anutin wrote a message of encouragement. Lt. Gen. Kriangkrai stated that "I heard the news and immediately came to visit Brother Kriang, everyone was very worried, but I was convinced that Brother Kriang must be safe, and recovered quickly" (Sign. Anutin Charnveerakul Rat. W.P.61).
The formula 500 opposition MPs sees the ruling party wanting to stay.|Nidapol Most people don't understand the formula for calculating the 500 opposition congressmen who see the ruling party wanting to stay at the National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA). Public survey results revealed. "Do people understand the issue of dividing 100 or dividing 500?" a survey conducted between July 11-13, 2022, of 1,312 people aged 18 and older across the country, found that 62.35 percent of people said they didn't understand it at all, followed by 21.11 percent stating that they didn't understand it. 11.74 per cent said they understood and 4.80 per cent said they understood it when asking people who understood and understood (217 examples) about their opinions on parliamentary resolutions. Using the formula for calculating the 500-member roster, 36.41 percent of the public said they disagreed at all, followed by 30.41 percent who said they agreed and 16.59 percent said they agreed and rarely agreed. In equal proportions, the key reasons for the parliamentary vote. Using the formula for calculating the S.S. roster divided by 500, it was found that the public understood a lot and was quite savvy (217 sample units). 28.11 per cent said they wanted every vote the people cast to have a meaningful right, followed by 23.96 per cent saying the current ruling coalition wanted to remain after the next election. 20.28 per cent said they wanted a smaller party to have an MP in parliament, 17.97 per cent said they wanted to prevent any political party from winning landslide elections, and 9.68 per cent said it was an exchange of votes in favour of the prime minister and minister in the upcoming distrust debate when asked about public opinion on the presence of a zoning MP and a roster-based MP. 33.38 percent said there should be only a zoning S.S. and 8.23 percent said there should be only a roster-based S.S.
Digital tickets have been increased to 7.1 million tickets, with the format starting today.|"Ratchada" reveals it has already increased its digital lottery to 7.1 million tickets, adjusting its format for the Aug. 1 period. Starting today, Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said the implementation of the orders of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Prime Minister, who has put all agencies together to integrate in solving the problem of overpriced government lottery sales. In the period of August 1, 2022, the Government Lottery Office will sell more tickets to 7,167,500 tickets, up from the original 5.1 million tickets, in order to meet the buyer's demand, and will sell tickets through the Baotang application from 6 am on July 17, 2022. Only a smaller post sold over 80 baht, which the police have already arrested and prosecuted. This August, the Lottery Division increased the number of "80 lottery project" distribution points from the currently existing 754 points nationwide to 1,077, Ms Ratchada said. Do not continue to buy digital tickets from others, as in the digital lottery system the buyer's name is clearly recorded. Therefore, the lottery is the right of the buyer who owns the Baotang app account only. So when it's won. The winnings will be credited to the buyer's account. The right to change the prize cannot be transferred to another person, or in case of picking up the ticket at the office, the buyer's name must be verified in order to collect the ticket. So if anyone is fooled into buying a digital lottery that has been resold. If awarded, problems may follow. In the case of "stilettoir" or the posting of pictures of tickets for sale. By concealing the essence on the ticket, it is not possible to verify that it is a lottery that has been sold in several places without real tickets, as well as forging numbers to trick them into selling. The lottery office has hastened to resolve the issue by adjusting the lottery for the period of Aug. 1, 2022, which is to say, the information on the ticket from the original "set" will be under "Date period", adjusted to type the additional "set" number by overprinting it on the "date period", which will make the set number clearly visible. In the same position as the date period, which is where the poster sells must already be clearly visible to the buyer. In addition to the number on the lottery ticket. Once the ticket buyer knows the set number, they will be able to check whether the ticket has been sold elsewhere. It also prevents counterfeiting on lottery tickets and selling them to the public.
PTT opposes foreign policy to buy Thai land, depriving people of the country of opportunity.|For Thailand, the policy of foreigners buying Thai land has made the people of the country lose their chances. The point has 80% that does not yet have its own. Telling "Prayuth" to run a vignette, the Thai economy would definitely be ruined by Miss Juthaporn Keturathorn, who is the candidate of S.S. Bangkok, Bangrak district. The Party for Thailand said the government's policy is to allow foreign nationals to buy land in Thailand in the amount of not more than 1 rai with at least 40 million baht invested. The Thai People's Party opposes the policy because about 80% of Thais do not have their own land. In a poor economy. Thais have no money and no income. The financial strength of The Thai people is weak, but General Prayut will allow foreigners to buy Thai land, which will make it necessary for Thais to sell the land to foreigners cheaply and disadvantage foreigners. This should be abolished until the economy improves and the per capita income of Thais rises much higher. They also oppose stock taxation because it encourages the stock market to develop as necessary, and it also requires the stock market to raise funds for the development of large-scale tech businesses that need to be developed in Thailand. If the Party for Thailand is the government, it will have to accelerate the promotion of business in this area as soon as possible, it will create jobs and high-income employment, which will increase Thailand's GDP quickly, and will reduce Thailand's debt to GDP due to mistakes made in the past 8 years. If Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, uninformed, still manages the vignette the way it is. The Thai economy will definitely be ruined and will crumble at all income levels, but I want to make sure that the Party for Thailand is ready in all aspects, especially the economy, to solve the problems of the people's brothers and sisters, and to ask that the Party for Thailand be chosen very much so that it can solve the problems of the people's brothers and sisters.
The UN voted to acknowledge it. Marijuana has been withdrawn from the drug.|"Panthep" reveals the Drug Committee "United Nations" voted to acknowledge the therapeutic benefits. Withdrawn "marijuana" from the narcotics list and then Mr. Panthep Poopongphan. Spokesperson and Commissioner of the Extraordinary Commission Consider the draft Hemp Act 2018, posting a message on its personal Facebook page that, due to misguided public opinion, there is doubt as to whether the unanimous approval of members of Parliament to remove marijuana from the Drug Code is good, or that the Drug Commission and the Committee on The Prevention and Suppression of Narcotics voted to remove marijuana (which includes inflorescences) from the narcotics account to be punishable, and that only "extracts" containing THC (drunken substances) in excess of 0.2 percent of its weight as a drug continue to be used, but whether medical and scientific use is good, is arbitrary and unacceptable to the United Nations, as the confusion over the matter continues to date. Thailand's cannabis policy has been implemented in accordance with the resolution. And it is in line with the majority resolution of the United Nations Drug Committee. The World Health Organization's Expert Committee on Drug Dependence (ECDD) held its 41st meeting from Nov. 12-16, 2018, urging the United Nations to remove marijuana from the drug list, according to the World Health Organization, a health organization. Seeing the benefits of marijuana more than the blame, by Dr. Tedros Adhanom Kibrijesus The Director-General of the World Health Organization has written to Mr. Antoniyu. Guterresh Secretary-General of the United Nations On Jan. 24, 2019, for a vote of countries that "agreed" with the historic resolution to remove "bouquets" and "marijuana rubber" from the drug, 27 countries were Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Colombia, Croatia, the Czech Republic. Equador, El Salvador, France, Germany, India, Italy, Jamaica, Mexico, Morocco, Nepal, Netherlands, Poland, South Africa Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, "Thailand", the United Kingdom, Uruguay, the United States, for voting countries that "disagree" with the removal of "bouquets" and "marijuana rubber" from the drug, 25 countries including Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Bahrain, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Chile, The People's Republic of China, Ivory Coast, Cuba, Hungary, Iraq, Japan, Kaqazstan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Libya, Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, Russia, Togo, Turkey, Turkmenistan, However, other proposals submitted by the World Health Organization to the United Nations on Jan. 24, 2019, at a meeting of the Drug Commission. United Nations On Dec. 2, 2020, the resolution failed to pass with a majority vote, or did not propose a resolution at all, resulting in only "cannabis inflorescences" and "rubber from cannabis inflorescences" not being drugs. It is no longer in any category of drugs, according to the UN Drug Commission resolution. Therefore, cannabis policy is based on the policies of each country that will determine the measures that are appropriate to the context of each country. Thailand's actions to remove marijuana from the drug, and are currently in the process of drafting the Cannabis Hemp Act, are not contrary to or inconsistent with the UN Majority Drug Commission resolution.
"Vajra", unfolding evidence the contractor admitted, flooded the parliament building, contradicted the congressional statement.|"Vajra" reveals evidence contractors admit flooding parliament building caused damage, countering congressional statements implying fines of nearly 7 billion baht in the case of former Democratic Party MP Vajra Phetthong revealing the flooding of parliament building on July 1, 2022. Send it to you. Later, the Secretariat of the House of Representatives issued a newsletter clarifying that nothing was damaged. Despite the fact that two 10-20kg aluminum ceilings fell from the ceiling of the 90-year-old congressional exhibition floor, the Congress office concealed that fact, Mr Vajra said, having received a document from the Council, a letter from the Council Contractors, dated July 8, 2022. Subject: The report of rainwater flowing into Zone C, floors B1-B2 is as follows: As entrusted by the Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives. To be the contractor for the construction of the new Parliament Building. With the assembly building, as detailed in the contract referred to, due Friday, July 1, 2022. There was a rainstorm around the new Parliament Building. The company has created additional 15 cm high concrete barriers to prevent rainwater from flowing downstream, which is a unique solution for the Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives. In the above statement, Mr Vajra said there was a clear contradiction with the statement of the Office of the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives. Accordingly, he would send a copy of the 43-page letter to Mr. Chuan. President of the Parliament and President of the House of Representatives To investigate the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives as to why the facts were concealed to the public. The council's construction budget reached 12,280 million baht. Instead, flood-proof concrete dams must be built 15 cm high and 30 cm high, respectively. All the fire escape stairs turned into waterfall stairs. This is thailand's ten billionth congress, Mr Vajra said, since signing the construction contract on April 30, 2013. The 900-day construction contract has been extended four times, 1,864 days, due on December 31, 2020, and the construction contract has been breached for 562 days, the fine is 12,280,000 baht per day, the total fine is 6,901,360,000 baht, but there is news that it will be fined 0 baht. Black Case No. 961/2020 on April 17, 2020, claimed damages of 1,590 million baht. The council delayed the delivery of the construction site, and on July 1, 2022, the delivery letter was 100% completed, and the Employment Ombudsman's Committee met on July 4, 2022. A petitioner objected to the Employment Ombudsman's board unanimously dismissing the work from a construction company that had not completed the council and had not yet completed it. 100% contractual
"Sonthirat" warns, prepare to deal with electricity bills - baht Impact on the mouth, stomach.|"Treaty" tells the state to prepare for the impact of electricity bills - baht on the people. Trapped by a new wave of bombs, Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong, secretary-general of the Party for Building Thailand's Future and The Past. Minister of Energy Facebook posted on the situation, the rising cost of living. He said electricity and baht are two things to watch for, and this week he surveyed the situation of rising cost of living to see that it affects us in full. The next one is the electricity bill (FT) that is being prepared to increase to an average of 5 baht per unit in the september period. In the coming December, we must prepare to deal with the rising electricity bills, most recently with data on the gas transmission of the North Bongkot field, or GBN, that has been reduced from 500 to 385 million cubic feet per day (june 29 to July 16, 2022). It accounts for 60 percent of its use, and the rest is industrial use. Currently, our production capacity compared to the previous year was just 65%, down more than 20.6% in natural gas production for self-use, while imports increased by 3.8 percent to 35 percent. Currently, 17% of imports from Myanmar are from Yadana sources. And 18 percent of LNG is imported from other producing countries, where in the future imports of this proportion will increase, and of course, the more production capacity we tend to decline, we need to rely on more imports, and of course at the expense of converting LNG into natural gas and other costs such as transportation costs. It states that imports from both Myanmar and LNG from producers are purchased in USD (US dollars), and the weaker the baht, the higher the gas price. This is another area that needs to be paid attention to in the baht. Baht Last July 16, the baht depreciated to 36.73 baht per 1 USD, weakening to its highest in 15 years and likely to fluctuate, and there is a risk of further weakening from the Fed's interest rate hikes and the strengthening of the USD and covid concerns in China. However, currency concerns and these situations do not end easily, we will likely see a long way from now, including the Russian conflict. Ukraine that stretches out the period. Inflation and the FED's interest rate increase, which is likely to raise interest rates to 1 percent at a meeting later this month for a weaker currency despite being lucky and conducive to greater exports in our homes, however, is a negative impact on SMEs importing goods, which will be both affected by rising commodity costs and not having enough power to continue developing capacity under the status quo. The state will have to find ways to continue to help. Whether through employment or further development of competitiveness, I would have to say that the situation is not good for the economy in the long run. Change can happen at any time, and if the state doesn't prepare for a good response, it could be trapped in a new wave of bombs. I would like to cheer you all on.
"Go ahead." The government "nailed it to death, destroyed the Prayuth regime."|17 July 2022 Fan Page The party went a long way. Post images and messages of distrust discussions that will take place from July 19-22. It stated that it invited the public to listen to the debate and vote against it. Nailing it to death, breaking the Prayuth regime, the party's delegation stepped forward. I invite parents, brothers and sisters to participate in the distrust debate. The government of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha from July 19-22. At the event, many cool topics were encountered. Whether it is, and of course, we have a BIG SURPRISE that never disappoints the public. Endorse Bigger than you think! The last distrust debate. Nailed to death, breaking the Prayuth regime Note: Sorry for not being invited by myself#Distrust discussion #ทลายระบอบประยุทธ์
Korat boils! Organized a vote of distrust of the Prayuth government. The Siege of Roe was demolished.|Today (17 Jul 2022) The reporter reported that the KoratMovement page posted pictures and video clips as officers demolished the tent at the people's vote, trusting or distrusting the "Prayuth government" in the area beside Lanyamo, and at 1 p.m. it was livestreamed as officers came to demolish the signatory, with a message in the post stating that the officers had distrusted Prayuth @โคราช. Before that, there was a back-and-forth argument. Asked about the documents for permission to use the area, the woman's side asked for documents about the officers' approach to demolish the activity point before 2 p.m., the page posted, "Until the T.D.C. entered the site of the distrust vote, someone pushed our younger siblings who were youths. Falling, knees slammed, teeth and ribs," the reporter asked Ms. Naisha Teachman, the koratMovement page administrator and the person who was present at the event, and Ms. Naisha told the event that she and members of the KoratMovement group had come out to conduct a joint referendum to sign, trust or distrust the Prayuth government from 10 a.m. until 11 a.m. when officials negotiated to demolish the tent because they did not ask for permission. They were not demolished, but the county officials later returned with someone who claimed to be the head of the ministry to negotiate, but they refused to leave because they saw the area as a public space. Every citizen has the right to use it. Before speaking out against each other, the county officials tried to dismantle the tent. I've removed a box containing a list of people who have signed up since the morning. Before one of the juniors got in, he grabbed the roster box and staggered back and forth. Before his juniors lost their footing, they suffered injuries to both knees, ribs and wounds inside their mouths. In addition, the phone and iPad were damaged, the screen was broken, and now they and the KoratMovement group will take the injured child for a medical examination, obtaining a medical certificate before reporting to the authorities for the event. Prayuth's government, the KoratMovement group, will continue to operate but has changed its format as a way of setting up points. 
"Anutin" gets covid overview Bangkok still has problems, hopes "Chuchchat" changes the system.|Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, said the case of the Ministry of Health. Bangkok invited to discuss the COVID-19 situation in Bangkok today (July 18, 2022) that he was not aware of this as it was a matter of the Permanent Secretary. He merely supported the policy and budget and stated that Bangkok, unlike other areas, has only a few major hospitals, which are affiliated with the Ministry of Public Health, namely Rajavithi Hospital, Lerdsin Hospital and Nopparat Ratchathani Hospital, which is an independent administrative system. While the provinces have medical facilities in all districts. The Ministry of Health used to come in to help, but was sometimes asked to come out. Which we had to leave because we didn't have the power. We're not angry about anything, but we've seen public health before. But having Bangkok in charge would be impossible. There are some related things, such as reimbursement of medical expenses from the National Health Insurance Administration or the NHS, as well as requesting vaccine quotas and medicines from the Ministry of Public Health. If you're going to play politics, don't deliver drugs. Because people will suffer, we need to support as much as possible.
Sutin revealed the debate queue was distrustful. Slaughter proud thai first. Goon-Prayuth concluded.|Mr. Sutin Arsenal Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Maha Sarakham, District 5, Party for Thailand, who chairs the Political Party Coordination Committee (WHIP). Opposition coalition parties in the House of Representatives It said during a press conference on Monday (July 18) that the opposition coalition would begin discussing ministers from the Thai Pride Party, followed by other ministers. Sutin said the total time spent by the opposition parties was 45 hours, while the government and cabinet had a total of 18 hours to discuss from July 19-22 at 8.30am until 00.30am the next day. This time, I'm sure it's going to work smoothly." Mr. Sutin said Ms. Theerarat Singh had completed the investment. The party's 16th Mp for Thailand and the party's spokesman said that while the opposition's voice may not be enough to keep distrustful ministers out of office. But believing that the information brought to the debate will help the people decide in the next election, Mr. Sutin said, adding that he has not been contacted by the Thai Economic Party, led by Mr. Thamnas Brahmachari, MP for Phayao District 1. To participate in a discussion is distrustful, but if you're actually asking to participate, you'll have to see if there's enough time left to participate in the discussion.
Chhattisgarh No central bangkok cluster was found in the park.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok It said on Monday (July 18) that there was currently no cluster from the film screening event in the middle of the plot, and that the music display in the park came after Mr Kiatthum Wongornjit. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health Bangkok is calling on bangkok to reduce activities attended by large numbers of people because of the risk of spreading COVID-19, especially new subspecies that are more contagious than previous subspecies and are becoming increasingly prevalent. It goes on to say that in recent days the number of new infections in Bangkok has remained at a potentially slight increase, while beds accommodating yellow and red patients have not been a problem. Meanwhile, most of those infected were prescribed medications at their own homes by the deputy permanent secretary. Mrs. Wantney Wattana added that although statistics showed an increase in infections due to the spread of Omicron subspecies BA.4 and BA.5, people in Bangkok have received a large number of vaccines and received more than 80% of the third dose. Relax disease control measures to stimulate the economy and these two activities, namely Bangkok central plots and music in the park, make people happier, and reiterate that there is no cluster from these 2 activities yet.
Dhamnas Affirmative votes based on opposition parties fighting distrust debates, only bolstering the opposition.|captain - Dhamnas Brahmacharya, Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Phayao District 1 and the head of the Thai Economic Party revealed on Monday (July 18) that they had rejected gen. Pravit Wongsuwan's offer. The deputy prime minister and head of the Pracharath Power Party, who begged to raise his hand in support of the prime minister. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and all the ministers who were discussed were Dr. Thamnas. Revealing the reason for rejecting the proposal, he said today that the status of the Thai Economic Party is the opposition party, not the coalition government party anymore. This one. Meet up Prawit at the Office of the Forest Conservation Foundation in 5 provinces on Sunday (July 17). He added that even if the BJP did not participate in the debate on distrust of the government between July 19-22 because the opposition coalition had already allocated all the time, it would vote according to the resolution of the opposition party, everyone in the party would vote in the same way, except for the 2019-22 government. Voting for Gen. Pravit, whose party still supports his administration, said he had not seen any flaws and corruptions.
The Army clarified the Benz S500 was not a position vehicle, but called a "command control vehicle."|"Somchai" reveals the army's answer, the Mercedes S500 used by big soldiers is not a position car, but a "command control vehicle". Jul.22) From the case of Mr. Somchai Srisuttyakorn as Kmth. Liberal Party proportions include Thailand. Discuss the clarification of the budget in the Department of Defense's section of the armed forces. Aim at the expenses of high-ranking officers by asking for details of the special compensation of soldiers at the colonel level (special) level up to the general level, how much is paid and how many officers are paid, including how much the army answers, about the Mercedes S500 used by senior military officers, not as a position vehicle, but as a "command control vehicle", a high-performance vehicle that uses the usual budget for procurement. It must be agreed with the Budget Office as a list. As for the remuneration rate in lieu of the military officer's car, the rate according to the rules of the Ministry of Finance is 25,400 baht, the general 31,800 baht, the lieutenant general up to 41,000 baht, which is the latest normal rate paid. Mr. Somchai Srisuttyakorn, Kmt. of Budget 2023, posted a message on the case of clarification of the budget request in the Ministry of Defence. He said he had switched to a distrustful debate four days ago but that the Mercedes-Benz S500 was not over yet. Request a document from the Army that there are luxury vehicles named "command vehicles", how many vehicles are currently purchased in any given fiscal year, and how many are requesting changes to the original budget items from any list, as they have never appeared in the budget documents submitted to the Council (requesting information dating back 10 years)2. Ask the Budget Office for documents on how many times the Army has ever requested changes to the budget item to be used to purchase "command vehicles". In what fiscal year, how much is the amount, and what is the request for a change from the budget list (request for information from the past 10 years)3. In fact, the Chairman of the Meeting (Mr. Varathep) said, why not ask for a 20-year retrospective, but I think 10 years since 2012 should be enough. I don't want it to be a burden on the work of the civil service4. Kmth. Inform all budget receiving units that they are requested to submit the requested documents within 3 working days, so there is no hurry. Submitted Monday, July 25. If it doesn't stigmatize "very secretive," it will report to the public after the debate of distrust. Sri Sutthayakorn, 19 Jul 2022 8:40 a.m. #เสรีรวมไทยรายงานประชาชน 
Chon Nan Sud Prayuth "Mother is a cow, the baby is a buffalo."|Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Leader of the Opposition and MP Nan Party for Thailand The debate distrusted the cabinet led by Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence said that this government is a 608-member government, i.e., ambivalent. Meanwhile, Gen. Prayuth himself managed the country to perish. Failed, lagging behind. In six areas, one of the mistakes is deliberately antagonizing, destroying the parliamentary system, using executive power to intervene, which the opposition will surely file with the Constitutional Court. The news broke that the Prime Minister called on the coalition leaders to shut down the talking room the last day before the vote, to switch from taking the 500 dividing formula according to the majority commissioner to calculating the S.S. roster by dividing 100 according to the small party proposal simply because it wanted to destroy a rival political party, and destroy the only person he thought owned that political party, so as not to waste the seizure of power. It's like catching a single rat burning down your own house. It also allows "to catch a single rat. Burn down your own house, destroy it all..., how is that possible, Mr. President? The constitution we amended, we created the mother, it was a cow...this cow was about to issue a baby called the baby law, the commissioner said that the unborn baby was a cow, but only before giving birth one day. Someone secretly goes to mate with a cow. It's a buffalo," said Dr. Chol Nan, who immediately rose to clarify that he did not want to cause division. But on the contrary, there are people behind these unrest, let's go back to the 10-year-long national conflict, look back at the behavior, the wrongs, and the people in jail, while the opposition repeats the same thing without looking at anything, or using one organ to listen, but the government is ready to shed light. The government works as a team, because the prime minister is not good or smart at all things. Like some of the people they say are the smartest now, they don't know where they are. However, the government has developed the economy and promoted industrial investment. He wants the country to be stable, prosperous and sustainable in accordance with the National Strategic Plan and Thailand 4.0. If you want to be honoured by others, you must honor others, not attack them in a malicious manner, but to honor this council, pass an hour, you get hit in full, which is not true, many things are doing, you are going to be good, and I know that you know that you will admire many people, who have worked before, that they are better than yourself. No, it's okay, let's get it back.
Thaksin scoffed, "I've always been in Prayuth's heart," tells Anutin, keeping on the roof of the council.|Thaksin scoffed, "I've always been in Prayuth's heart," telling Anutin, admitting to betting on vaccines but keeping on the roof of the House of Representatives after the House of Representatives meeting. To consider the motion, let's open a general debate to vote on distrust of ministers individually. 11 people on the first day Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence have clarified Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. S.S. Nan and the leader of the Thai People's Party Leader of the Opposition At one point: "If you want to be honored by someone else, you have to know how to honor someone else. If attacked with sneaky slurs, not gentlemen they don't want to listen, but honour the Council, the President, all the members. I need to clarify because it's been an hour, which is not a fact. A lot of things are good, a lot of things are being done, a lot of things are being fixed. I know he admires people who have worked before. That's better than I'd say, okay, let's get it back. "On the same day. Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra joins CareTalk x Care ClubHouse discussion The theme of "World Shattered, Leaders Change", which has spoken in response to the case of self-mention in the House, began with the case of the Prime Minister, who rose to the occasion following the discussions of Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Leader of the Party for Thailand by the Prime Minister "I know you admire people who have worked before, it's better than me to say, it's okay, let's get back to it," to which Mr. Thaksin responded, "I want to say, 'I've always been in Prayuth's heart,' and I'm sorry," Mr. Thaksin said, adding, "When I interviewed the media, you liked to talk about me a lot of times, and then you were uncomfortable, oh, angry when people said you weren't good, you didn't have to do anything, just worked as hard as I did, but you had to do it more strategically." Speaking about the Ministry of Health's COVID-19 response guidelines, Thaksin said the day before seeing the government's advertisement inviting him to get the sixth dose of the vaccine. "Why are you going to inject all the vaccines that are currently available, not the vaccines for Omicron at all, the BA mutations, anything, I'd say don't inject again, the old vaccines that Thai people have injected enough, even more than 1,000 doses are distributed at S.T. Hospital, if they are poorly stored, the vaccine is degraded, and then they will be injected to the villagers or I happen to hear Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, The Minister of Public Health, clarify. If I hadn't known about Thailand before, I'd probably have been skeptical, but when I look at the comments below, I'd be happy to see the comments below. People scold all the time, because what you say to reality is a different story. If I hadn't seen it before that someone had covid sickness dying on the side of the road. I think Thailand has handled COVID very well," Mr. Anutin said of Mr. Thaksin without mentioning his name, adding, "People used to say that by the end of 2021, if it reaches 100 million doses, 100 baht 21... 2021 We vaccinated 100 million, I don't know if you know.""Okay, I appreciate that I might lose your bet. Well, as I've said, you said, hundreds of millions of doses of vaccine, definitely at the end of this year, hundreds of baht, it's not until today, you see the Health Minister saying I'm allergic to gambling, I'm okay, you're motivated to get it done, so you said you're going to bring me. Even if he didn't say the word. I'd say, please prepare a lot of. I don't know if Gray was alive or not, but before Gray advertised Flint Coat, the roof leaked. Gray then took flint coats to caulk the leaks. I'm going to mix the flint coats on the council roof that your company builds, so that's fine." 
"Rambo", "Prayuth". The performance is clearer than "Thaksin", losing just to cheating.|"Rambo" sacked back ,"Thaksin" admitted the Prime Minister did not work as much because he could do more, lose alone, cheat, eat the city, benefit the family, reiterate the Prime Minister this kind of behavior thai people do not forget is in everyone's hearts. The way to return to Thailand is to serve his sentence in jail before today (July 20, 2022). Former Deputy Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra countered Prime Minister Prayuth's backlash after the debate, saying "let's get back to it", and Mr Thaksin spoke in a tucked-in manner, angered when others said they weren't good at it. "It is already clear that Mr. Prayuth has done not work as well as Mr. Thaksin, because throughout the administration of Mr. Prayuth has done more than Mr. Thaksin, as evidenced by his work in solving various problems, has developed the country in many ways, it is evident, but there is one thing that Mr. Prayuth cannot do as much as Mr. Thaksin, namely, the administration of the city that does not think about the people, thinks only about the people of the family, manages the land until the whole country comes out, manages the city until it is prosecuted, finally fleeing the case to a foreign country, where Mr. Thaksin says that in the minds of Mr. Prayuth himself, he thinks that Mr. Thaksin is in the hearts of everyone, not just Mr. Prayuth, because people must remember for a long time that Thailand once had a prime minister who cheated on the city, was prosecuted, fled abroad, and two people thought that Mr. Thaksin would not forget, while the work of the Prime Minister would not be the same as Mr. Thaksin, because he did more than do, did more than do. It doesn't have to be taken as an issue or compared to political issues. "Mr. Thaksin must know that he is in a position to be a prisoner of escape, and as Mr. Prayuth said, it is correct to come back, but he suggests that there is one way to return: to serve his sentence in jail under the law," Mr. Seksakol said.
"Suchart". Answer "Settlement" hits the dough! Reinforcing the rumours overturned the minister.|Mr. Nikhom Boonwet, S.S., Roster, Thai People's Power Party Accused Mr. Suchart Chom Scent The Minister of Labour, along with the stock spinners, approved the use of social security funds to buy shares of Mr. Sopho's energy business company (fictitious name), raising the company's shares. Mr. Sopho's subsidiary then bought shares of Mr. Suchart's wife, Arin Siriland, bringing back the company's earnings that had previously suffered significant gains. Like Arinsiriland's shares, it is legally required not to invest social security money in high-risk investments. And I will submit this to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NPA). Mr. Suchart Rose immediately clarified that the agency responsible for deciding to use social security funds is the Social Security Fund Board that comes from all sectors, not just from the Social Security Administration. I have nothing to do with stock trading, but I would like to say that social security's investments have an annual return of 70,000 - 80,000 million baht, said Mr. Nikhom Boonwet, S.S., a member of the Arinsiriland Company, who myself was an executive, and focused on every law and focused on the law on conflicts of interest, doing things with transparency throughout:"I admitted that before I became a minister, and before I was elected, I was in the real estate development business for a long time. This company trades in real estate development. It's not trading flour, it's not doing anything illegal, everything's on the table, taxes are right," Mr. Suchart Chomkol said, answering Mr. Suchart's question. Thamnas Brahmacharya The head of the Thai Economic Party and MP Phayao, who was the walk-on in voting to overturn the government in this sacking battle, have been in the news since the morning that they will vote no confidence. Gen. Anuphong Jinda But on Tuesday afternoon (July 19), there was a game changer. After the news that 1-2 million baht was called for payment. In exchange for raising his hand in the vote of trust, the news that Mr. Suchart had come to clear his mind with a group of 16 comprising a small party on his own part with the prime minister, was in line with that of Pirawit. Rumors of Congress roster It was revealed to the press that the smaller party had an agreement with R.A. Thamnas to overturn it. Gen. Anuphong and Santi Prompat Deputy Minister of Finance instead
The Navy, ignoring the noise, went ahead and bought the Hermes 900 drone despite its history of frequent crashes.|Thor. Other applicants appealed the Procurement Act. It was not clear after on June 29, 2022, the Navy announced the selection of Israeli company Elbit Systems-AEROSPACE's Hermes 900 UAV as the winner of the unmanned aerial procurement program at the coastal air base for more than 4 billion baht, despite previous calls from opposition MPs and concerns from many citizens. to spending billions large budgets in exchange for unreliable drones. There's been a lot of fall history. The company failed to deliver the work to the Swiss military. Thor. The winner was announced just a month later, a Philippine Air Force spokesman said. It was recently announced that a Hermes 900 unmanned aerial vehicle had crashed and lost its aircraft. Initially, it was thought to be caused by communications and control system problems, to the extent that the Philippine Air Force suspended the mission of all 8 Hermes 900 aircraft, but THOR continued to announce the selection of the Hermes 900 drone as the winner, arguing that the company offered 7. The contract is expected to be signed within 30 days, although the signing of the contract will only be possible upon the expiration of the appeal period under the Public Procurement and Parcel Management Act 2017.The source further informed that other bidders have now appealed to the Navy. If the board failed to comply with the Public Procurement and Administration Act of 2017, there may be a lack of transparency in considering the outcome of this appeal, according to state regulations, forcing the Navy to delay signing the contract. The appeals process proved to all racers, and many citizens who were watching, to see transparent action at every stage, which could take at least three months, resulting in the Navy failing to sign the 30-day contract it intended, and keeping this unmanned aircraft procurement program as eye-catching as the submarine program. Especially in the debate, there is no trust in the government this time, of course. Mr. Anudit Nakornthap, MP, Party for Thailand, Commissioner for The Prevention and Suppression of Corruption and Misconduct, House of Representatives. It was revealed that, in the debate of the Bill (the Act), Expenditure Budget for fiscal year 2023 Agenda 1 Adopt principles. He discussed the peculiarity of the Navy's procurement of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) at coastal air bases worth 4,070 million baht, questioning whether the scope of work (TOR) of this procurement was wrong because the Navy requested a budget to purchase three armed UAVs, but instead set a TOR to procure UAVs, but did not include the supply of weapons, and when examining the price of UAVs with systems in accordance with the Navy's TOR, according to a report by the National Institute of Defense Technology (TAT), a public organization affiliated with the Ministry of Defense, it was found that the budget used by the Navy to procure the project was 400% higher than the price offered by the NAVY. The machine is about 900 million baht. too
Don Jang Prayuth likes to bend over on foreign stages because he is a lover of reading.|Mr. Don Pramott, Minister of Foreign Affairs It was revealed on Wednesday (July 20) that the cause of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha was "a major problem". The prime minister and defence minister like to bow to information on stage abroad because Gen. Prayuth is a lover of reading this question after reporters asked about the criticism on social media. Gen. Prayuth, who often rolled his eyes to read Poi, continued: The minister spoke of the criticism that the Prime Minister lacked foreign language skills, that all leaders of all countries use their own language, so it is common for Gen. Prayut to use Thai.
#ทีมเมีย Debate on moral reluctance issues. Knott divorced the latter as a minister.|Ms. Schonk Chantathong S.S. NongKhai Party for Thailand The debate continued: "I know of a loved one's family saying to husband and wife that they have chosen a three-person life. She couldn't take it, she went out,' and the other woman had a child in her husband too, and was depressed at all, but encouraged. #ค่านิยมสถาบันครอบครัวที่เปลี่ยนไป," Miss Schonk said. Chanthathong, S.S., Nong Khai, District 2, Party for Thailand, protested that it was asked to discuss issues related to administrative offenses rather than focusing on personal matters. Because this will be grounded or not, but it will affect many people who are not related to Ms. Schonke. He went on to say that Mr Jaitley was already aware that there would be discussions on the issue of ethical violations. This is a serious unethical matter, and he is friends with Mr. Chaiwut's wife, who is also a member of this prestigious council, Mrs. Karnataka Ngamsukhonratna, MP of the Pracharath Power Party, protesting that the issue will affect many parties, especially children, if alluding to families, third parties and children who are children of both female and male families. If he had grown up watching this debate, and if he was a friend of Mr. Jaitley's wife, he would have to think about how his friend would feel in society, Ms. Chonk said, adding that in the Constitution, Article 76, paragraph 3, addresses ethical standards for public officials, and the government has issued a declaration of the Political Ethics Code in 2021, particularly Article 10, which contains some important material that must be a good example of maintaining good customs, and not committing acts of a harassing or sexual harassment nature that damages the perpetrators and affects their performance. Asked to get into the matter of which ministers are involved, and not to allude to others, Ms Chonk said that the code of ethics set forth is of a very high standard. If one becomes a political bureaucrat, there must be a high ethical standard. Mr. Jaitley had been living with his wife for so long that they had children together and his wife was also an honourable member, but when he became prime minister, his behaviour changed. Instead, he glorified the other woman's eyes and surpassed his own wife. The terrible mental assault suffered Mrs. Nandana Songh pracha, S.S. Roster, Prachapiwat Party. Protesting the president that the debate must be stopped because this affects the family institution and damaged Mrs. Monporn Charoensri, S.S. Nakhon Phanom, party for Thailand, protested to the president that a woman who rose up like this would set an example for not being treated by men like this, and set an example for Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. prime minister Mrs. Karnataka protested that the result of the actions taken today on the minister's family would become a stigma against children and wives, and asked if the use of illustrations was allowed. Clarified further: The stigma claimed by my hon. Friend the Member. He didn't do it, and of all the aforementioned Mr. Jaitley's behavior. Glorifying other women's eyes, yanking their wives and hurting their hearts, until a divorce is born, and ends with the poem, "That lust is terrible. If anyone can cut it. I'm giving my friends a lesson in making money, because of the only thing, it's gyo-guan," Mr. Chaiwut said, clarifying that thank you to all the parties who rose up to protest, but they didn't want to block it, the pictures that were brought open were open, there was nothing. They had nothing to fear. Low-key debates low, low-profile appearances, and then brought this kind of thing to a speech in the prestigious Council. The panelists listened to this uninvolved person bring the information, and then took Mamno, which is factually unfounded. Saying this damages another person. You don't know me, don't talk about my personal affairs, Mr. Jaitley, and you say that all the people who are alluded to are the people who come to help them do their jobs. Knowledgeable, experienced, proficient in many areas, many of whom come to help with their unpaid hearts. It's possible to come to the government's aid to improve development. It's not wrong in state law, statute. If cheating happens Let's talk. But nothing has happened yet, so to speak, the procurement that was being discussed, happened before he took office, and the procurement was over, but he would go and check that information again, and would report to them. Miss Chonk said, "If you're innocent and divorced, why are you pregnant? Mr. Wanniwati Somboon, S.S. Khon Kaen, Party for Thailand Debate distrust. Mr. Jaitley, a "buddy" who has been studying together since 2000. M.1, who owns an IT company and is appointed as a ministerial adviser and is a personal data supervisory board, has the authority to approve office expenditures such as pdpa law public relations work, budget of 220 million baht, in addition to locking down 250 community digital centers in 2020, 1-year contracts of 277 million baht. Instead, it was completed with only 2 centers, and in 2021, Anumat set up another 500 centers with a budget of over 500 million baht. But it turns out that the first round and the second round are the same place. Instead of having 750 digital centers, leaving only 500 centres and only 15 days to open for bidding, which only older contractors are involved in the auction, which is a bizarre use of bidding criteria.
Vishnu Pointe if Prayuth scored less than half the points. The cabinet dropped out with the whole group.|Mr. Vishnu Ngam The Deputy Prime Minister mentioned the legal procedure if there are ministers who are distrusted by the debate receive less than half the votes. That if the minister received more than 239 votes of distrust, he automatically retired from office, which is half of the members of the house of representatives currently in existence, 477 of whom the deputy prime minister reiterated that this is only a vote of distrust, but how much trusting voices will have is political, but in law it does not have any effect, Mr. Vishnu stressed that more or less vote is irrelevant to discretion. Because if more than half of the distrust votes are out of office, and reiterate that if more than half of the distrust votes are prime ministers, they will be distrustful. The Cabinet will be vacated entirely, but the entire party must continue to act, including the Prime Minister, until the House of Representatives votes to elect a new Prime Minister, Mr. Vishnu. He added: "After getting a new prime minister, I'm going to have to do it." The prime minister will then appoint a cabinet, and then the cabinet will take the oath of office, reporters asked what it would be like if the prime minister was voted out of trust this weekend. The Deputy Prime Minister said it was at the Chairman of the House because the President of the House would have to call a meeting of parliament.
Prawit brushed aside the congressional d'état, before throwing Prayuth,"Hey, this is the only one."|Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The deputy prime minister said during a distrust debate on Wednesday evening (July 20) that he was not involved in the 2014 coup before pointing to the Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister, the sole coup d'état, said Gen. Anuphong Jinda. The Minister of the Interior is also irrelevant: "And then the subject of the revolution, I'm not going to be involved. This is a revolutionary man. Mr. President It's alone." Gen. Pravit said, pointing towards the Gen. Prayuth, before there was laughter from the CONGRESS, "The Prime Minister... You're not involved, you're getting me involved, you're getting me involved. I still don't know when it will revolutionize. Whatever, keep saying, let's get the truth out of it. Yep. Uh..."This statement came during which Gen. Pravit clarified a luxury watch that had claimed not to be private property, but a watch borrowed from a close friend for more than 50 years. Gen. Prayuth grinned at the moment.
Amrat handed over the mirror to Prayuth, so he could reflect the face of the rebels—not knowing the history.|Mrs. Amrat Chokpamitkul Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Roster model The party stepped forward, handed over the mirror. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, during a distrust debate on Thursday (July 21), reflected on the faces of those whom Mrs. Amrat said were real insurgents. From the coup, and not knowing the history of Thai politics by glorifying the Booradej rebel movement, "I have one last thing I want to give. Gen. Prayuth passed the President. That's the mirror, it's out of here." Mrs. Amrat said: "Because you closed the comment box on the prime minister's page. On a page titled Prayuth Chan-ocha The public has no right to reflect on you. I'd like to say that this mirror, when you point at the face of someone, says it's causing unrest. He looked in the mirror when he pointed at someone. Say he has no patriotic manners, look at this mirror, and when you don't read history, you look in this mirror, all the people in the mirror."This remark came during a discussion about renaming or destroying buildings associated with the corps since 2006. Gen. Prayuth couped in 2014 since the replacement of the Phan District Governor's Building. Chiang Rai, from the picture of Phan wearing the Constitution, is the Crusade, and then comes the scorched-headed man who secretly replaces the sign that reads Tha Rab Bridge and superimposes the name of the Pibul War Bridge. Near Parliament A few weeks ago," said the Prime Minister. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Those who like to preach to the people go and study history. Q Have you actually studied history? Q. Do you really not know the history of Thai politics? The military leaders joined forces with the people to successfully suppress the Bharatiya Janata Party to defend the Constitution and to protect democracy." "But Gen. Prayuth. Unorthodox officers, however, brought it up. Take the name of the rebel. In addition to tearing up the Constitution, it also glorifies the name of the rebels, and has always been aimed at destroying the symbolism of democracy,"" he said yesterday afternoon at the House of Commons. Gen. Prayuth also showed the behavior of raising his arms upwards, smiling, admitting that he was a lone rebel. Laughing about the coup in this House yesterday evening was shameless, unscrupulous, helpless."" Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha This one continues to dominate. One day, though, the Democracy Monument at Ratchadamnoen Road will not have one left, and I leave it with the name of Route 1 from Bangkok to Chiang Rai. Phaholyothin Street Name A hospital in Kanchanaburi province, Phaholpolyutsena Hospital, please see, "Let's not go away again," besides the issue of efforts to erase the legacy of the royal family and turn to glorifying the Bharat dej rebel movement. Mrs. Amrat Young debated. On allegations of neglect or deliberate neglect of corruption in the bidding process for the construction of various military projects, Mrs. Amararat discussed the first issue with a budget of 60 million baht. Instead, he was attacked by the government for misrepresentation and claimed that 60 million baht came from donations from people of faith, not the national budget. He went on to say that he looked at the Army's financial statements for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2021, and found that only 3 million baht had been donated. In the previous year, only 2.3 million baht was donated, Mrs. Amararat said, adding that he searched for documents showing the allocated budget and the median price of the project. It said that nearly 60 million baht was added during fiscal year 2021: "If it's money coming from the state budget, it's the Anti-Fake News Center. The Government's Anti-Fake News Center took fake news from the Army to spread it, to mislead the public into thinking that this $60 million came from donations, was it Fake News?" "And if this additional money during FY64 doesn't come from state money, but actually from donations, I ask, can you take the donations... I suspect that many donations are. Why not in the account, and why have I never seen the Army publicize it to the public to donate to the account? What special project is this? Mr. President, "The next project that Mrs. Amararat quoted in the debate is distrustful. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said neglect or deliberate neglect to cause corruption is the Naval Commander's Hospice Project, valued at 65 million baht. That includes the demolition process, Mrs. Amrat said, adding that the Navy announced the central price in March 2019, with three companies filing envelopes. It won the auction on May 27 of the same year and signed a construction contract two days later based on satellite imagery from a well-known U.S. internet company. On Feb. 22, 2019, the original house was demolished, and on April 8, the same year, the area was adjusted to be ready for construction. A July 30 photo showed the project was nearly finished,"concluding that the Navy had let contractors in before signing the contract up to least three months in advance. Mr. President." Mrs. Amrat said." The 65 million project was signed for two months, and by July 30, it was almost finished. I asked if you had created it, so why would you open the tender envelope?"
Chatchat apologizes to Bangkok people after heavy flooding Suggest today, whoever returns home early has rushed back.|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok It said on Thursday (July 21) it apologized to the people who live in Bangkok. After flooding many areas from heavy rains and limited drainage," the people themselves said. I mean, I'm really sorry because it's a really heavy rainwater and it's going to continue for several days, so I have to say it's going to be heavy again." The apology came after heavy rains in Bangkok from Wednesday evening (July 20) continued until the early hours of Thursday (July 21), resulting in flooding of several roads. As a result of the drainage restrictions, the incident has caused many people travelling along the metro line. Had to wait inside the station because of the heavy rain. At the same time, people who use buses have to wait at bus stops or travel by other means instead. Because buses lacked range due to flooding and heavy traffic. Duang Mani / Sanook NewsBask truck drives through the water on Pracharat Bumpen Road. Huai Khwang, Bangkok On July 20, 2022, the Governor of Bangkok He went on to say that he directed all districts to bring in vehicles that could carry all the people on Thursday night. (July 21) and be prepared for the situation throughout. It also requires each district to inform people of where it is difficult to commute, in addition to bangkok's cars. He said he is currently coordinating other agencies to bring the vehicles to serve the people, and when asked by reporters about military vehicles, he said he was looking forward to the incident. Mr. Chhattisgarh sees that if there are more agencies to cooperate, it will be a good result, but is currently considering it because each road is different in size. It is necessary to use the appropriate car size in addition. Mr. Chuchchart said that allowing people to work from home during this period would greatly reduce the chances of rain and flooding. If anyone can work from home, stay indoors, too, because it's like reducing the risk." Asked by a reporter about the recommendations for the response on Thursday evening (July 21), Mr. Chuchchart replied that he had to be prepared for the response. Especially those who live in the eastern zone of the city and near Ladprao canal and Saen Saeb canal. I'd say get a foothold at home. If the water goes into the house, or if it's not necessary to stay in the house, I think it's a good idea to get a foothold, because it's hard to come home, like last night, I think it's actually a flood, we think it's a matter of taking it down, but people can't go home. Midnight is still full of bus stops because I don't know how to get back."
Prayuth, 100% of the people's rights, agreed with my human rights.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence, speaking at the debate, distrusted ministers individually, in the case of arrests of protesters, and violations of civil liberties rights, asked whether the law was a normal law, not a rewritten law. He has consistently given policy to be cautious about the use of the law, and to alert them first, especially to youth groups, who may have gained a distorted understanding, Gen. Prayuth said, adding that many times the state has to go and talk to parents. To not want the youth to be in danger and prosecuted, because the prosecution is in the courts, the juvenile must go to juvenile court. I myself have never violated the jurisdiction of the courts. The opposition also needs to be careful. Human Rights Section But I don't understand why the movement was born during this period, and there are some political parties that are here, it's dangerous, it's dangerous to believe that the whole country will look out, say, in schools, universities, to destroy the system and completely change it. All the laws themselves weren't re-drafted, but they were the ones who started doing it themselves:"Human rights, I've tried my best, I think I've given over 100% now, a lot of the laws are there, I've always tried to pay a lot of relief," he said. Prayuth said the government's alleged use of the Pegasus program to secretly track opponents said they denied knowing, as the opposition criticized himself for being unwise, insisting that it did not value such spying and would not waste its budget. In vain to track down the alleged opponents because they could be viewed on social media free of charge, and at the end of the clarification, the Prime Minister said, I would like to remind all panelists in case of allusions to outsiders. Using harsh words against themselves and their families beyond their own boundaries will also be prosecuted. Because it assumes that the debate, the speaker, will be responsible for the speech that takes place. Insisting that they were never rude or showing disrespectful mannerisms, because this discussion, it was a repeat of the same questions that they had answered many times, so they thought it was more important to think about. In a situation where the country faces a well-rounded problem to solve for the people,"human rights are my own, you have yours, everyone has equal rights. I'm probably going to have to take a lot of responsibility, a lot of work. So I can't claim my rights over anyone else because I have the same rights as all of you, but don't abuse each other. If anything damages me. I need to uphold my personal rights as well, this one is not threatening, it's a matter of law. Things you probably don't care much about. Because you used a fairly harsh wording." Gen. Prayuth said that everything is not an excuse and there are many important matters that need to be said for the benefit of this Council and in the nation and at this time rather than those that have been beaten together. A lot of things have been said and asked again, but let's spend more time arguing this way, while the situation in the house is like this, and the constitution that you say, you're not the one who wrote the constitution, and who doesn't, and it's a matter of the drafting committee he's done. So it's important to quote this person. I can't take the newspaper and read it, because it's information that needs to be checked, and I've warned you not to infringe on my privacy. This statement was made after Ms. Benja Moon, S.S., rostered the party. Debate distrust. Gen. Prayuth, in the case of twisting the judicial process as a political tool to suppress dissenting citizens and blocking the exercise of people's freedoms, both M.116 sedition and M.112 defamed the king, which Benja said was a distortion of law and justice in order to sustain and preserve the political power of the government. It brought about violations of the fundamental rights and freedoms of citizens and the crisis of judicial institutions and other political institutions involved with Ms. Benja Moon moonshine on the roster. Ms Benja said that from July 18, 2020 to June 30, 2022, at least 1,832 people were prosecuted for protests and political comments, including 282 youths under the age of 18. More than 200 M.112 at the end of the debate, Ms. Benja along with the party's MP, stepped forward. It holds pictures of political prisoners and calls for the release and justice of all political prisoners, including the case. m 112
"Sidha" helps to think, participate, do not drama, solve flooding, bangkok advises to inform the risk points in advance.|"Sidha" helps to think, co-operate, not drama, solve flooding, bangkok, recommends managing the canals to be as efficient as possible. Depleting the water into a natural monkey cheek, and informing the risk area in advance of Naval Air Tri Sita Tiwari. Post a message via Facebook. Ms. Sita Divari stated that the case #น้ําท่วมกรุงเทพ Last night, I posted that I would like to ask for comments that have been presented at #เลือกตั้งผู้ว่ากทม1. Normally, the nature of the water always flows from high to low. All the roads at #น้ํารอระบาย last night were all higher than the canals. We should make the canals in Bangkok ready to be #พื้นที่รับน้ํา and #แก้มลิงธรรมชาติ. At a time when rain is coming2. Bangkok is nicknamed #เวนิสตะวันออก (Venice of the East) because we have a lot of canals with a total length of 2,600 kilometers. Almost every canal has drainage gates with pumps ready to use, and BANGKOK has invested hundreds of billions of baht in flood mitigation systems. Therefore, "we have sufficient resources to solve the problem." In drainage All roads are designed to stay high. The drain pipe will be lowered. In areas without canals, there will be #อุโมงค์ยักษ์. Worth tens of billions. It helps drain water instead. Water from giant canals and tunnels continues to flow into rivers and into the sea with gravity systems, enhancing drainage efficiency. With pumps and drainage gates4. If BANGKOK has good management Use the canal to its fullest advantage. The drainage is not clogged and supports the flow of water sufficiently. Naturally, the water flows from high to low, and it flows to wait to drain in the canal. No longer waiting to be vented in front of people, feet, wheels, or along the streets.5. The weather forecast is now very accurate, with every time it rains heavily. The Meteorological Department will always have a warning of at least 2-3 days in advance. The drainage bureau is supposed to deplete the water in the canal where it will rain, allowing the canal to act as a natural monkey cheek. If the rain does not come, as scheduled with the meteorological brothers, the authorities can open the drainage gate and allow the water to return to the canal as before, which will turn the water cleaner. back into the canal system too)6. If this is done, bangkok will have a clear responsible person by 6.1. If any road is flooded in any area, where the district's drainage canals are filled, there is water in the canal. It means the Bureau of Drainage. There was a drainage defect waiting for the rain to come, so the water had to come and drain in front of the people. "The Bureau of Drainage will be responsible, in this case."6.2 But if any flooding zone, while the canal is still dry, it can accommodate water. The biggest problem is the stripping of pipes and the capacity of the district's drainage system. "The district office is responsible for this." Once the details of the issues at various points in the districts and the responsibilities can be separated, bangkok will have information to inform the local residents in advance before the rains, which zones are free from flooding. Which districts are at risk, which districts are flooding, and how to solve the problem in front of the people? Under the resources we have in place, which has already spent hundreds of billions, the governor alone has spent hundreds of billions. It cannot solve the problem of a city of 10 million people. We who live in Bangkok must help each other, and I affirm the old saying that if we are to give, to cooperate, to think together, to do, to be willing to help for free, not to take positions, not to think since the time of applying for governor, and as one #คนกทม, let's help each other think together and do it sincerely. Don't complain, don't fret. Let's make #เมืองของเรา livable, pleasant to visit, and pleasant to shop for. Together with the governor and bangkok together. 
5 Item 65 Distrust debate raised and then there's heh.|In the last debate, opposition MPs snatched up various gimmicks for council debates, particularly secret items that would help color the content of the debate more interestingly, or make the dispute unsettling. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha had to give the "mirror" of Amrat Chokpamitkul, S.S.S., a far-right party that discussed the issue of non-transparency in the royal construction budget. At the end of the debate, Amrat raised the mirror and said: "The last thing I want is gen. Prayut, that is this mirror, because he closed the comment on his Facebook page, "Prayut Chan-o-cha," which the public has no right to reflect on. I want to say this mirror when you point at the face of someone who says it's causing insurgency to look at it. When you're pointing at someone's face, there's no courtesy. Don't be patriotic to look in this mirror, and when you don't read history, look in this mirror. All the people are in the mirror." Then she walked to the front of the throne to hand over the mirror. Gen. Prayuth immediately shone. Gen. Prayuth rose to clarify, "On this morning he took the opportunity to bow to his Majesty, on the occasion of the day of the sacrifice of incense candles, and he did. Please share this auspicious time for everyone as well, because of this auspicious time for all. It depends on who can't take it, because everything is karmic. Whoever does good karma gets good karma. Doing bad karma would continue to appear. They'll do their best, but maybe it's not good in your eyes, that's fine. Today, he said his name had a meaning, and then I figured out if the words 'tu and short' meant the same thing, but let's see what benefits anyone else does. He saw that he was constantly moving outside. He said he studied history, he studied a good portion of history, and then a lot of what he did appeared to be about being involved in the hemlock of national institutions, which they couldn't accept anyway, and they needed to be said." The Prime Minister also stated, "The part about mirrors... I rarely use mirrors." Amrat, who returned to protest, asked for the exercise of the allegations, stating that, at a time of time, he would not be allowed to speak. The Prime Minister has mentioned where he is going, and the charges are wrong. There's a serious penalty, but how can someone else like this be treated? Don't mutter, talk like this, before you get it. It's a disaster. The chairman of the meeting turned off Amrat's microphone and then the Prime Minister again clarified that when Amrat had said all the things, he could listen, and he listened to himself. He didn't say anything too much about the fact that he looked at a number of cases as well, preparing to fight the case, causing Amrat to rise up to protest that the Prime Minister had alluded to by asking for the withdrawal of both remarks, stating that Article 112 was a serious one, how to get a sign for someone like this. This put the child in jail, refused to be released on bail, and the Prime Minister said back: "I'm not a badge. I'm not going to mess with the process." This caused Mrs Amararat to rise up and say emotionally that she asked the Prime Minister to withdraw her remarks, with the Prime Minister retorting: "I am not withdrawing." President of the House of Representatives Acting chairman of the meeting, Amrat turned off Amrat's microphone again and said, let's listen to the president, saying, We debated him hard. Therefore, there is nothing to withdraw, asking the Prime Minister to continue the debate, and he thinks it is best that we be careful with Mrs. Monporn Charoensri, MP, Nakhon Phanom Party for Thailand. Debate distrust. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, he said, asked the people to remember what the Government were doing. Gen. Prayuth and all the ruling coalition parties. Together, it has killed the future of Thai children, destroyed a warm family society, destroyed the parliamentary system in a distorted democracy, and the House of Representatives has fallen unprecedentedly. Members of the House of Representatives were condemned by outside society. Based on the behaviour of the members themselves, which undermined the ideology of the people's brothers and sisters of the people and the party under the umbrella, Mrs. Monporn presented a slideshow accompanying the debate as a graphic Sappaya House of Assembly, with a banana chain located at the north end of the parliament building. You don't have to pay attention to how many bananas you get. I already have bananas in between now. Mr. Karam Polphon, MP for Roster, Far-Right Party, rose to protest the debaters. The saying "coalition governments together killed", but Monporn, do not withdraw the words, because the members who rise up know to their hearts what they do, so I have to ask for a banana. Who needs bananas to pick me up? Mrs. Monporn also raised three bananas from the podium, Mrs. Karam also rose to protest, insisting that Monporn had to withdraw his remarks, saying, "I have never taken any bananas." Suchart Tancharoen Vice President of the House of Representatives First, he presided over the meeting. Closed to protesters, Mr. Jirayu Singh, MP of the Party for Thailand, discussed the costly energy issue, not about the impact of the Ukrainian-Russian war. But it's because the government sucks. The administration has failed to blame this, with the new round of measures reducing the cost of living to the people of those eight governments, particularly asking for energy efficiency cooperation. Today, he would like to pick up the energy-saving method that the Prime Minister told the people, namely the used millionaire stove, which is good and rich, with the symbol No. 5 sponsored by the Ministry of Energy. While lifting the billionaire stove, showing up and distributing the blows to the party's MP for Thailand who sat around earlier, Ms. Benja Sangchan, S.S., rostered, the party stepped forward. Debate distrust. Gen. Prayuth, in the case of twisting the judicial process as a political tool to suppress dissenting citizens and blocking the exercise of people's freedoms, both m. 116 sedition and m. 112 defame the king, which Benja said was a distortion of law and justice, in order to sustain and preserve the political power of the government. From July 18, 2020, to June 30, 2022, at least 1,832 people were prosecuted for political protests and commentary, including 282 youths under the age of 18. m. 112 over 200 at the end of benjamin, along with the congress, the party stepped forward. Hold up a picture of Bai Jute Natanich and Slug Netiporn Political prisoners were prosecuted and demanded the release and justice of all political prisoners, including the case. M.112 Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintharanon, S.S.S.S.S.S Debate distrust. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha He described a series of incidents that occurred in Thailand during the government's administration, including the launch of Myanmar's aircraft encroaching on Thai airspace. The country's debt situation. Electricity, water, etc. Higher fuel costs than ever before As a result, people's expenditures increase but the income is the same. It's all At the end of the auspicious debate, Nimant buddha pang bindabat. Presented to the meeting, stating, "Request a bibliography. Gen. Prayuth to liberate Thailand With the resignation of the Prime Minister for 8 years and 2 months, if staying is useless, I would like to ask for a bibliography."
Scream! Claiming a small party gets bananas, 1 lakh slips a month, transfer slips are clear.|Correspondents reported that in the case of R.A. Thamnas Brahmachari, S.S. Phayao, as head of the Thai Economic Party, he had promised the group of 16 that there would be a vote of distrust in the same direction, but the group of 16 had recently voted to trust the 11 ministers after meeting Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister, therefore, has changed his stance. Meanwhile, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister, as the government manager, urged all ministers to vote in favour of all ministers, especially Mr. Santi Prompat. The deputy finance minister and secretary-general of the People's Power Party, who had news that the smaller parties would vote distrust, argued that Mr. Santi, as secretary-general of the People's Power Party, would score fewer points than others. If the smaller parties refuse to, they will also be expelled from the ruling coalition. When Mr. Thamnas learned that the smaller party had betrayed him, he was extremely dissatisfied, and gave an interview saying that in the past 3 years, he had been sacked. Anyone who signs a monthly payment, which amounts to more than 3,000 baht, of course, will have someone file with the P.P.C. because it is illegal and be careful to have the line come out. Mar.2020 And there is clearly a picture of the evidence of the transfer of funds to the destination person. According to the inquiry, the amount is 100,000 baht per month.
"Pichet" announced his withdrawal, ending his role from Group 16.|Pichet announced his withdrawal from the group of 16 after the vote, citing "Gen. Pravit" admonishing and asking for the dismissal of the movement of Mr. Pichet Sathirajwar, S.S., roster, Pracharath Power Party. As the group's leader announced his withdrawal from the group of 16 after voting in a distrust debate, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan said he would not be allowed to leave the group. Head of the People's Democratic Party Admonish and ask to stop moving, on behalf of the group, because of the purpose set, the intention of doing good deeds, and whether the other 16 group members will continue to move forward, it is a matter of the members to decide among themselves.
"Big Fort" is ignorant, irrelevant, knotlines slipped. Smaller parties take money.|Gen. Pravit won the vote, I don't know, it's irrelevant, the small party has received monthly money, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister, as head of the People's Power Party It was revealed after a meeting of party members. Prior to the vote, the debate did not trust that it had already taken the approach with the MP, and everyone acknowledged it. As for the case if any minister receives fewer votes, there will be a fine, or not. Prawit said he did not know. How can I go about it and want all ministers to get equally good votes? Meanwhile, news broke that he would be fined to sit as interior minister. Prawit reiterated that he did not know the same, but the Prime Minister, for the case of the line-up about the smaller party, received monthly payments. Prawit further stated that he was ignorant and irrelevant. As for allusions to the Joint Forest Foundation, I don't know either. 
P.S.W.S. The Minister of State, Chalui, reiterated that there is no banana distribution.|President Whip Gov. Yan Ready 100 votes to ensure the prime minister-10 The minister passed all the way through, earning some swing points, reiterating that there was no A-grade "Big Tu-Big Fort" banana giveaway. Boi did not know the details of the line, said Mr Niroth Sundar, the Chief Whip of the Government. Confirm 100 % readiness to vote on the distrust debate. Today, by ensuring that 11 ministers will gain all their trust, despite admitting that the vote may swing somewhat, only the votes in favour of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence will get an A grade, while others will get an A-grade and some swing, as it is a sensitive matter. As for the Minister of State, I can assure you that, through the news that the ruling coalition party, such as the Democratic Party, will have members of the party. It does not support Mr. Juti Kraikrishnan. The Minister of Social Development and Human Security; Recently, I spoke with Mr. Shinwon. Meritkiat The Vice President whipped the government, saying no problem, everything would be fine, but the scores could swing somewhat the same. The smaller parties remained with the government at the same time. Mr. Niroth reiterated that there is no banana distribution, which is only a myth. In his time as a government whip, there would be no such thing, due to debate in parliament. The government has acted in accordance with the rules. At the same time, it's set up. If any of the devils acted to subdue the devil, they kept it in the whole system while the storylines were out of the way, they didn't know the details. 
Pass the snare! The council voted to trust Prayuth and 10 ministers went further.|Prawit received the highest number of votes of trust with 268 votes. Anutin and Sak Siam Meanwhile, the prime minister came in fourth with just 256 votes, while Jurin scored the fewest with 241 votes. Gen. Anuphong's vote of distrust peaked at 212 votes, with the following resolutions: Trust. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence with a score of 256: 206 abstaining from voting 9TrustJurin Lakshmanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce with a score of 241: 207 abstaining from voting 23Trust Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health with a score of 264: 205 abstaining from voting 3 trust. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, with a vote of 268: 193 abstaining, 11trust. Gen. Anuphong Jinda Minister of the Interior, with a vote of 245: 212, abstained from voting 13Thaksam Chiddak. Minister of Transport with a score of 262: 205 abstaining from voting 5Trust Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society with a score of 249: 205 abstaining from voting 18Thaith Krai Krai. Minister of Social Development and Human Security With a score of 244: 209 abstentions, 17 Trust, Peace, Andhra Pradesh. Deputy Minister of Finance, with a vote of 249: 204, abstained from voting 18That Boonyamani. Deputy Minister of the Interior, with a vote of 246: 206, abstained from voting 20.000. The Minister of Labour, with a score of 243: 208, abstained from voting 20, as the results showed that all were trusted by more than half of the House of Representatives. Therefore, they can continue to perform their duties, but after this they may have to keep an eye on the adjustment signals. That usually happens after distrustful discussions.
Government spokesman Thank you to the Council, trusting the Prime Minister and the Minister to continue working.|A government spokesman thanked the House for voting to trust the prime minister. Jan embraces all opinions and suggestions to improve the country's administration. To effectively achieve the established policy, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Speaking after the meeting of the House of Representatives voted to trust the Prime Minister and the Minister, he said that he would like to thank the Chairman of the House and all MPs for trusting the Prime Minister and the Ministers who were discussed, adding that it was also a great opportunity for the Government to clarify and explain many issues to the House. The Government will take all comments, including suggestions and concerns, throughout the past discussions that the House has expressed concern about, to consider improving operations so that the people can benefit from the country's administration as much as possible. However, we would like to assure all parties that the government will manage the country with integrity and decisiveness against corruption in order to effectively achieve the policies set by the government. The main goal is to ensure a stable, prosperous and sustainable country. it can move the country out of the crisis and restore the country's economy as quickly as possible," despite discussions in recent days. On some issues, the opposition also has some misinformation. But the government has already taken the opportunity to make this clear. Once that's done, the discussion is already distrustful. From now on, the opposition is asked to come together to work for the people and the nation. Meanwhile, on the part of the ruling coalition, We are confident that there is strength to continue working together to overcome obstacles because there are still many problems that people are still waiting for the government to solve." Mr. Thanakorn said. 
The opposition welcomed the prime minister going further, but regretted the people.|"Chol Nan" led the opposition team, congratulating the Prime Minister to go further. Regretting to the people, he reiterated that although the vote in the council did not win, the Battle of The Scaffolding did not defeat Dr. Cholnan Srikaew. Nan MP and leader of the Pro-Thai Party as leader of the opposition in the House of Representatives. , Mr. Prasert Chantawongthong Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand, Mr. Sutin Arsenal Mp for Maha Sarakham Party for Thailand as opposition whip, along with Lt. Col. Thawee Snoop General Secretary of the People's Party and party members Attend a press conference after the vote. In a debate on distrust of individual ministers, Dr Cholnan said he accepted the results of the parliamentary vote, which was measured primarily by a majority vote. Even expect what serves. How clear the allegations and evidence will be, but it does not affect the vote of distrust. Congratulations to the Prime Minister and ministers and condolences to the people. Despite the 98.3 per cent vote of distrust, which showed that it was not in line with what the people wanted, even the vote in parliament did not win. But he reiterated that the battle of the scaffolding that the party had released was not defeated. And rest assured that the picture will actually happen when there is an election on the sidelines. Mr. Prasert said that although the result of the vote may have been as many parties had predicted, it was not as the people wanted to vote outside the vote, who did not want this government to continue to function. I would like to encourage the people and their members in the next election to be another indicator, in which the Pheu Thai party and the opposition have shown unity differently from the ruling party in that each minister and inter-party minister are scored. Quite clearly, such as Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit's score. The deputy prime minister and commerce minister, who scored the lowest trust score, pointed to the government's lack of unity and reiterated that the Pheu Thai Party will continue to work hard for the benefit of the people. The PDP and the Constitutional Court will take the next step, while Mr Sutin said he was not disappointed with the outcome of the vote. But hopefully the council system will be strong, reliant on the people. Despite today's vote All ministers will pass, but there are implications that have been expressed by wanting to see the abstention vote, which leans towards the opposition, as well as the reduction of votes for each person and during the party. In addition, many of them may be punished in the termination process, or even to the dissolution of political parties. 
Open the list of 12 cobras for Thailand - a step forward to vote for "Anutin-Saksiam" in its entirety.|12 Cobras for Thailand - Moving forward voted for "Anutin-Saksiam" in full, while 3 Thai Economic MPs broke the line to vote for 2 leaders of Bhumjaithai with a vote of trust and distrust of Prime Minister Anutin Charnveerakul Nong, the head of the Bhumjaithai Party, and Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Transport Minister, as the party's secretary-general, found that there were seven cobras in the Pheu Thai Party who trusted Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam, namely Mr. Emperor Chaisas. Mr. Jaturong Pengnarapat Mr. Theera Trisaranakul Mr. Niyom Changpinit Mrs. Pongsri Sae-so Mr. Wuttichai Kittithanesuan Mr. Suchart Bhinyo also appears One Mp for Thailand who did not appear to vote was Mr. Noppakhun Ratpathai, who was in the far-right party with 5 votes. Mr. Kwanlert Panishmat Mr. Karom Polporn klang Other opposition political parties, including Prachachart Party MP Mr. Approving Susarao, Mr. Arikrainara, the Party for The Nation, trusted both Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam. Mr. Sarunwut Sarunket The leader of the Pheu Thai Party abstained from voting, while the Seri Ruam Thai Party, despite its distrust, found one MP who did not show up for the vote, namely Mr. Ampai Kongmanee, while the vote of distrust of the Thai Economic Party led by Thammasat Phrompao was rejected. The party leader voted to distrust Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam, but it appears that 3 MPs of the Thai Economic Party approved both Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam, namely Surin MP Nattapol Jarasrapeepong, Thanasit Kowsurat. Ubon Ratchathani Mp, Mr. Thanat Thaweekekulkit Tak MP and 1 other MP who did not show up for the vote were Mr. Sathira Phuakpraphan, while the votes of the smaller party MPs all voted in favour of both Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam, except for Mr. Niyom Wiwatthanaditkul. The leader of the New Economic Party, Mr. Anutin, and Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon. The leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party, who distrusted both Mr. Anutin and Mr. Saksiam, and Ms. Watanya Bunnag, a list MP of the Pracharat Party, who was distrustful last year, voted to distrust Mr. Saksiam. In this vote, it appears that Ms. Watanya voted to abstain, as did Mr. Panit Wikitsert, a list MP of the Democrat Party who is a coalition government party. Mrs. Kantawan Tantian. Phang Nga Democrat MP did not show up to vote, and Mr. Sinit Lertkrai did not vote. Surat Thani Democrat MP who is on sick leave due to COVID-19 infection
A government spokesman condemned it. MPs stepped aside, laying flowers in parliament.|A government spokesman condemned it. MPs go a long way, lacking maturity. Place flowers in the prestigious Council because they are unrequited. Beware of self-inflicted nemesis, government spokesperson, garden for Thailand. Claiming a vote outside the council creates legitimacy for itself. Despite not reflecting reality, the Prime Minister made it clear and condemned MPs for their lack of maturity in the prestigious House of Commons for unrequitedness. Beware of self-inflicted nemesis Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Revealing the case of Mr. Chonnan Srikaew Leader of the Party for Thailand He expressed regret to the people that the results of the house of representatives did not match the results of the non-parliamentary vote that distrusted the prime minister and ministers, 98.3 per cent, saying that the opposition party may be upset that the results of the vote of MPs in the whole house of parliament trust the prime minister and all ministers more. Some things are distorted and self-centered, but the most important thing is because all ministers can clarify the facts to the House and society. He tried to raise the vote outside the council to legitimize himself and claim to be the voice of the people. Although society already knows that this group may have links to the opposition party, or if it is a sincere event, it shows uncertainty in the opposition's ability to overthrow the government, as was the case with Prasert Chanthawongthong. Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand He said the people voted to not want this government to continue in office. Apparently, the Pheu Thai Party is relying on votes outside parliament unnoticed, but forgets that tens of millions of people are still not participating in the vote. "After the vote in the House was completed, we saw opposition MPs showing signs of being unhappy, having to rush out to clarify that they had already predicted the result, unlike before and during the fierce, aggressive and aggressive debates on the back of their hands, including wearing black and placing flowers on the prime minister's seat of the far-right MPs, which was bizarre, lacking maturity and strongly condemned because the House was a prestigious and sacred place, but it was done simply because it did not do what it wanted." 
"Thaksin" phone in surprise red shirt people See you next year in Thailand.|"Thaksin", a surprise phone for isaan red shirts, blew a cake for his 73rd birthday, saying that next year they will meet in Thailand. Party for Thailand The younger brother of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra met and attended a dinner with a network of red shirts in 20 Isaan provinces and drove the "Family for Thailand Slide Nationwide" event, with 400 people attending the event. Before Mr. Thaksin, he said that happiness is with all of you. Be healthy. There is encouragement to fight a government that is good at snapping, even if the people do not take it like this, it is very scary for the country. I think the next election. The public clearly decides to punish. I'm sure the Pheu Thai Party can do it. Last year we held a birthday party every year. This is my last year. Next year we will meet in Thailand. When I go back, I will visit the people of all provinces. All districts, however, received a lot of joy and applause from the crowd.
SUPERPOLL People trust "Prayuth" to continue working, suggesting a new cabinet|SUPER poll reveals people already know, debate, hope for political satire, take personal matters to attack, trust "Prayuth" to continue working as the number 1, suggest a new cabinet to find talented people, solve the super poll research bureau (SUPER POLL), revealed the results of the survey "Which minister survived", a vote outside the council, from case studies of people from all walks of life nationwide. A survey conducted between July 22 and 23, 2022, found that a majority, or 83.7 percent, already knew what to discuss. Nothing new. Political and institutional satire hopes to undermine the credibility of the Thai people's faith. Campaigning before the election, 70.9 percent said there was only a splash of mud. 69.6 per cent said they saw some opposition parties discussing it well. 64.3% said Thai politics and thai democracy were being interfered with by power groups, interests and foreign people. 53.6% said other parties, such as smaller parties, big parties, bargaining for benefits, including falling stars, rising stars, no camps, the public aware, etc., and ministers whom the public trusts to continue working. Found that first Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense 61.1 per cent, followed by Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnveerkul. 59.2% Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister 58.7% Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce 53.2% Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society 52.1% Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport 51.9% Mr. Santi Phrompat Deputy Minister of Finance 51.4% Mr. Suchart watched the smell. Minister of Labour 50.8% Gen. Anupong Tribejinda Minister of The Interior 50.5% Mr. Nipon Bunyamani Deputy Minister of The Interior 50.3% and Mr. Juti Krairuek Minister of Social Development and Human Security However, when asked about the people's desire for a cabinet reshuffle, a majority or 69.1 percent said they should adjust the cabinet to find talented people to work on solving economic problems. While 30.9 percent said they should not be fined because they are already doing a good job. That's fine. It's useless, the more conflicting issues arise. Who will be what, not about life, etc., interestingly, are the top 5. The number 1 candidate, or 55.8 percent, identified as an elderly, honest man, not cheating at home, cheating the city, defending, protecting the institutions of the nation's pillars, having a productive, experienced work. Have been the highest leader in the profession. Control the conflicts of the people of the nation, listen to the opinions of all parties. Internationally, 54.6 percent accepted the second place, indicating that they were male. A former businessman, executive, with a successful track record around the world, accepted, experienced in politics, patient. Good heart, help the little ones, dare to change, dare to do. Ability to solve various crises, both economic and social crises. The third is that 51.9% are male, elderly, experienced, and courageous. Solve big problems, suppress barbaric influences. Solve the root causes of the problem, have a network, connect to control conflicts of the people in the nation, protect the institutions of the pillars of the nation, rank 4th is 39.4 percent, identified as male. The new generation A far-reaching vision, a liberal democratic world. Logically, 24.8 percent said they were businessmen, and 24.8 percent said they were women. The new generation is young but has a strong family of political leaders. We are determined to develop the country and unite politicians as a family.
Krungsri Wilai Bow to Prawit and explain the reasons for voting distrust of Anupong|Mr. Krungsriwilai Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Samut Prakan Pracharat Party bows Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of The Pracharat Party While getting off the van, I came to monitor the water resources management in Samut Prakan province at the Municipal Meeting Room, Bang Muang Subdistrict, Mueang Samut Prakan District, Samut Prakan Province. On Monday (July 25) Matt Gen. Prawit also accepted and said, "We can't get up, we're old enough, the reason why Mr. Krungsrivilai bowed down was because he voted distrustful. Gen. Anupong Tribejinda Minister of Interior and Mr. Suchart Chompoon The Minister of Labour, who is affiliated with the Pracharat Party, is the same, Mr. Krungsrivilai. Give reasons for what projects you've written. Gen. Anupong did not respond. Not considering the budget until the source of 6 Samut Prakan MPs voted to distrust and want to Gen Prawit took over the post instead of Samut Prakan province. Six of them voted against the Pracharat Party resolution. With distrust. Gen. Anupong and Mr. Suchart, Samut Prakan District 4 (Bang Phli District, except T. Rajadeva and T. Nongprue) is Mr. Wuttinan Boonchu from the Far Forward Party.  
"Anutin" reiterates marijuana, asks for medical use Illegitimate behavior is punishable by imprisonment and fines.|"Anutin" reiterates marijuana, asks for medical use  Now, there is a law to regulate it. Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, together with the ministry's executive team, traveled to the event to expand the network of cooperation for organ and eye transplant donations. Health District 4, Rajamangala University of Technology Suvarnabhumi, Hantra Center, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province Mr. Anutin said during the event that organ donation is actually a mission that the ministry is already working with the Thai Red Cross Society, but it has to come to the campaign for people to help a lot. Mr. Anutin said this. It must be clarified that the policy is for medical purposes. Ministry of Public Health Try to move on with that, and do your best. Out of the way Again, there is now a law that prohibits children under 20 years of age from smoking in public places. Do not cause nuisance, and the penalty is even a fine to imprisonment. that this policy. What is the purpose and the right knowledge?
Mercedes-Benz A 77-year-old grandmother died in Amnat Charoen. While rushing to the council meeting.|This morning (July 26), an accident occurred on Ban Kai Kham Road, Muang Amnat Charoen District. A black Mercedes, registration Number 1968, struck a 77-year-old woman as she was about to cross the road. The grandmother was seriously injured after the incident. Mr. Kathathep Tejadejruangkul List MP and Leader of the Thai National Party He came down to see his injured grandmother, but he had to get on a plane in Ubon Ratchathani province to attend a council meeting in Bangkok. So he didn't follow his grandmother to the hospital. But assign the driver of such a car. Once you've finished sending Mr. Kathathep to the airport, come back to see your grandmother at the hospital. But the grandmother could not bear the poison and later died, Mr. Kathathep confirmed that his subordinates were the drivers of the car by driving him to the airport for the council meeting.  Driving at a speed of about 70-80 km, trying to brake at full speed, but it is really force majeure. After the incident, he went down to see it and called the staff to help take the grandmother to the hospital. Ready to take responsibility for reparations and not escape.
Mob gathers in front of Myanmar embassy The army executed Aung San Suu Kyi.|Protesters gather in front of Myanmar embassy North Sathorn Road In Bangkok On Monday (July 25), after decades of no executions of prisoners, one of those executed was Payo Seya, a former hip-hop singer turned politician and former member of the House of Representatives (MP). The National League for Democracy (NLD), led by Aung San Suu Kyi, and one of the four demonstrators, Jimmy Jo Min Yu, shouted, held banners, speeches, carried Myanmar flags and held up 3 fingers to express their opposition to the authority in The Hunger Games before ending the rally at 2:30 p.m.
Thaksin released a clip of his 73rd birthday if he dies without being burned, making the fight immortal.|Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's official YouTube channel published a 14-minute clip on Tuesday (July 26) that coincided with one of the clip's 73rd birthdays. Mr. Thaksin said that I may be stupid about people because of my experience as a countryman. This is something I have to learn, but I don't think I'm going to learn. Take academic knowledge, teach books, and train your children. Not even Hurt, but regret yourself, it could be more beneficial to the city, the former prime minister said. "I've never been afraid of dying, I've been assassinated 4 times, I'm sorry, if a person dies, it's dead. It's not dead, it's not dead when asked if all 4 times are forgiving. Mr. Thaksin said that it is not known why, because I do not believe the previous nation, the next nation, I do not know what is fateful karma. Within the family, we know it all, because we don't want him to meet people who think badly of us. When you find it, you will be careful, but nowadays there is nothing, a person living outside, you cannot return to the country, but there are still people who love. When we love our children, we want them not to have to be as hard as we are, and when asked, who are they looking in the mirror looking at? Mr. Thaksin replied that he saw Mrs. (Mrs. Pajaman Damapong). I pity you, mistress. I decided to go back to Thailand because she was burdened a lot. I've taken a lot of burdens on my behalf, pity when I asked if I didn't expect it. My grandchildren have to fight to lead the country. Mr. Thaksin immediately replied that no, he thought to himself, only that we want us to be with him, to love and care for him. And then I ordered my family, not to burn, to keep it, to keep my body from burning. This is what I want my fight to give my life, to immortalize my family's children's families. 
"Chatchachart" leads Bangkok executives to display anti-corruption symbols for UDD to target through the app|Today (July 26, 2022) at 8:20 a.m., Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok Presided over the anti-corruption declaration activity with Mr. Khajit Chatchavanich. Permanent Secretary, Bangkok Mr. Wichian Pongsathorn, President of The Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand) or ACT, bangkok executives and representatives from ACT jointly declared their intention to fight corruption and joined forces to display the anti-corruption symbol with their right hand over their left hand at Rattanakosin Room. Bangkok City Hall governor Said today is a good opportunity for us to meet with the Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand) or ACT to express the common intentions of the Bangkok executives. The ACT was one of the first organizations that bangkok executives talked with, discussed ways to come together with 5 requirements (Quick Win), consisting of 1. Revive the Smile Permit Project, which is to apply for a permit to complete a house building less than 300 square meters within 30 days, and submit documents in 7 days, which is a project that already exists, and 2. Issuing a policy prohibiting officials and executives at all levels from accepting gifts. 3. Bangkok Thanakom Co., Ltd. is required to become a member of the Thai Private Sector Anti-Corruption Coalition (CAC) and major trading partners must join CAC at the next opportunity in order to make public-private operations more efficient and transparent. 4. Hospitals affiliated with Bangkok declared and ratified 5. Bangkok executives and government officials jointly announce the anti-corruption policy in writing at the same time, one of which is to show a common intention to show that we take corruption seriously"This is the first 5 problems that the ACT gives and will ask for homework constantly. I believe it will increase transparency. And hopefully it will expand across the country. This is an important pattern, a corruption start-up that changes the old pattern of solving problems. It should be one of the measures for us to get the power to inform the people and solve the problem more directly," said Governor Chatchachart, acting chairman Wichian, adding that the governor of Bangkok has set up a working group, as well as the people's sector, with the ACT as the mainstay, and invited the parties to join the working group together. Bangkok Thanakom's anti-corruption practices or not accepting bribes and not accepting gifts are considered the beginning of the declaration of intent. It's very important. Thank you to the management team and bangkok staff for their cooperation today and hope to make bangkok a trustworthy place that is really reliant on the people and by the participation of the people.
P.P.C. Secretary-General pointed out that the smaller party had received hundreds of thousands of dollars. If the loan is real, it is not wrong.|Mr. Niwatchai Kasemmongkol Secretary-General of the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission He said on Tuesday (July 26) that the smaller party had received hundreds of thousands of baht in monthly payments. If it is found to be a loan. Because everyone has the right to borrow anyone's money, such comments take place after a screenshot of a conversation in a chat room in one of the LINE applications. That claimed to be a chat room of a small party politician and that the slip received 100,000 baht in March 2020. He said the law prohibits government officials from receiving more than 3,000 baht at a time from non-relatives and prohibits them from giving money to incentivize or bribe them to perform any act in office. There is also a law that prohibits members of the House of Representatives (MPs). The party also grossly violated ethics. If found guilty, the procedure must be taken. As for whether or not to dissolve the party. It is not within the authority of the PA, but the matter can be referred to the Election Commission (EC). Go ahead. However, if it is considered to be an ordinary loan, it is not considered an offence. He said the matter is still being collected.
The Party for The Nation has pushed the senator out of the party, revealing that it is an obstacle to work.|The Pro-National Party made a statement on Wednesday (July 27) seeking to pressure Mr. Sarunwut Sarunket. Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Uttaradit left the party, claiming that the MP was an obstacle to the party's work and deliberately causing serious damage to the party, the statement said. He explained that after Mr. Sarunwut became the interim party leader, he became the party's interim leader. Instead, he behaved in an obstacle to the party's work, such as refusing to perform his duties, refusing to sign documents that were the duties and responsibilities of the party leader, until the party could not carry out its activities and caused damage. At the same time, it undermines the institutionalization of the party. The confidence and support of the people before becoming members of the Party for The Nation. Mr. Sarunwut was an MP affiliated with the Pheu Thai Party but was ousted in October 2021, when the Pheu Thai Party argued that Mr. Sarunwut had slandered the party and acted hostilely towards the party.
The court sentenced Sira to 8 months in prison for defamation.|The South Bangkok Criminal Court sentenced Sira to 8 months imprisonment and a fine of 40,000 baht. (2012 Jul 22) Reporters reported that at the South Bangkok Criminal Court, Charoenkrung Road. The court read the verdict in the case filed by Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes, a list MP and leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party. Mr. Sira Janjaka, former MP of The Pracharat Party Accused of defamation by advertising On November 14, 2019, Mr. Sira appeared on a TV channel in an interview with an interview that Pol. Gen. Seripisut had been appointed as The Chief of Police because he participated in the coup d'état on September 19, 2006. Mr. Sira was found guilty of defamation by advertising and sentenced to 8 months imprisonment and a fine of 40,000 baht.
The Royal Gazette announces the renewal. Emergency Act 2 months August-September Pointing covid back to the pandemic|The Government Gazette published the announcement. Renewal of "Emergency Act" for 2 months August-September The Government Gazette published an announcement on the extension of the declaration of the state of emergency in all localities throughout the Kingdom (19th session) as the state of emergency was declared in all localities throughout the Kingdom from March 26, 2020, and the 18th emergency declaration period was extended until May 31, 2022. Due to mutations into ba.4 and ba.5 subtypes, which spread faster and evade immunity, and booster doses have not yet covered the risk group. If the outbreak is not closely controlled. The outbreak situation in Thailand may intensify at the end of the third quarter of 2022, together with the World Health Organization maintaining the level of the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 as a pandemic, so it is still necessary to maintain integrated COVID-19 prevention and control measures to control such emergency situations for a while by virtue of Article 5 of the Emergency Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations B.E. 2548. Another time for declaring a serious state of emergency in the southern border provinces shall remain in force. From August 1 to September 30, 2022, announced on July 27, 2022, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh|In the online world, some episodes of Live Pathep have been shared. Pho Ngam, who livestreamed on the Facebook page "Spring Rolls" on July 18, had a moment in the live that hotly criticized Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, the governor of Bangkok. He stated that the governor was not doing work that was beneficial to the people. Just dance. He also said that he was always willing to open his eyes by a certain period of life. He said: "I'm going to dance. Damn it. The city will be at war and will die. I'm still dancing. When will it stop? Live there. Let's take it seriously. Nowadays, Gu still doesn't see what Mung will do. And that's why I'm going to be the prime minister. Damn it. He's only been doing this for a long time. How can I surpass him? He doesn't know how many thousands, thousands of things. But here's the project. He went to sit here and watch what he was doing. He danced all day. What do you do for the people? Take the people to dance like that. Most of the time, he gets anything, it's just a group of guys who go there and run there. I don't know what to do, but what do the people get? How is traffic jammed? I'll have to look at it here. What is the livelihood of bangkok people? Is he happy, not running all day and seeing something? Choose from people like this, and they're going to die." 
Prime Minister enjoys first 9-month treasury revenue surpasses 1.8 trillion baht|The Prime Minister is pleased that treasury revenue in the first 9 months of FY 2022 surpassed 1.8 trillion baht. 7% increase Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense In the first 9 months of fiscal year 2022 (October 2021-June 2022), the government had total revenue of 1,878,346 million baht, higher than the same period last year of 130,689 million baht or 7.5%, while budget disbursements totaled 2,434,146 million baht, higher than the same period last year of 44,979 million baht or 1.9%. As a result, the treasury balance at the end of June 2022 totaled 587,915 million baht, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said, adding that in the first 9 months of fiscal year 2022 (October 2021 - June 2022), the government was able to collect net income of 1,857,524 million baht, or 6.4%, higher than the same period last year. Approximately 6.4% by collecting the total revenue of 3. In the first 9 months of fiscal year 2022, revenue was 2,004,834 million baht, higher than the same period last year of 191,122 million baht or 10.5%. Total revenue of Baht 109,710 million was lower than the same period last year at Baht 14,495 million or 11.7%. The Prime Minister acknowledged and thanked all relevant agencies for working together to revive the country's economy during this period. The figures reflect the right direction of work and result in encouragement to strive. Continue to work to solve economic problems for the people. Believe in the potential of the country and the Thai people believe that success is not far away if all parties work together to do their best. 
"Liberals" slammed the government to amend the electoral rules because they were afraid of losing and doing it for their own benefit.|"Liberals" slammed the government for amending the electoral rules for fear of losing. Do it for your own benefit. The ruling coalition party also turned a blind eye to Gen. Seripisut Temiyves. The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, along with The party's MPs took Mr. Dettawee Srivichai on a float to thank the people. Koh Kha District Mae Phrik District A.Thein and A.Serm beauty Lampang He was elected mp for Lampang District 4 on July 10. The Electoral Commission officially endorsed him as an MP on July 25, thanks to all the votes and encouragement from the Lampang brothers who voted for Mr. Det Thawee. He insisted that every vote of the people meant a lot to the Seri Ruam Thai Party. It also proved that the Lampang brothers no longer want politicians whose vote-buying behavior makes the use of electoral money meaningless to the villagers. More importantly, it reflects that the people of Lampang did not accept this government and then decided to choose the candidate of the avalanche of the opposition Seri Ruam Thai Party. The party's MPs, of course. This government, knowing that the people did not take their own side in both the bangkok governorship election and Lampang, rushed to amend the election law to return to a single card like in 2019, hoping to gain an advantage. Because they failed and failed to score a slump, they feared they would not be able to fight the opposition party. So they will only do it for their own benefit, and the ruling coalition will still turn a blind eye. How will Prayuth's condition now be accepted by the people? 
"Shakti" Responding to the criticism "Daddy Thep" doesn't like it, it's okay, running in the morning is not official time.|From the case of the deity Pho Ngam, a senior comedian who livestreamed on the Facebook page "Spring Rolls" on July 18, had a moment in the live that criticized Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, the governor of Bangkok. He stated that the governor was not doing work that benefited the people. Just dance. He also said that he was always willing to open his eyes by a certain period of life. He said: "I'm going to dance. Damn it. The city will be at war and will die. I'm still dancing. When will it stop? Live there. Let's take it seriously. Nowadays, I still don't see what work I'm going to do, so I'm going to be the prime minister. Damn it. He's only been doing this for a long time. How can I surpass him? He doesn't know how many thousands, thousands of things. But here's the project. He went to sit here and watch what he was doing. He danced all day. What do you do for the people? Take the people to dance like that. Most of the time, he gets anything, it's just a group of guys who go there and run there. I don't know what to do, but what do the people get? How is traffic jammed? I'll have to look at it here. What is the livelihood of bangkok people? Is he happy, not running all day and seeing something? Choose to come but this kind of person Chaos to die - the latest (July 30, 2022) between Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, governor of Bangkok, came to the cafeteria. Bansomdej Chaopraya Rajabhat University participated in the reception of the Faculty of Orchestra, Ratchasima College and Suranaree College. Mr. Chatchat said in an interview that he didn't like it. "It's okay, nothing, but people look at my work style like this, I exercise, keep running, and people like it, people don't like it, it's okay. He said this morning (July 31, 2022). Page Chatchachat Sittiphan, who has been jogging as usual, said of his son, who came to run together yesterday, that Sandee never talked about running again. Say we'll see you again at noon. So he let his son rest, and in the afternoon he would take him to see the orchestra. 
Nidapole People don't care about the battle, they don't look at the prime minister and Prawit can't answer clearly.|NIDA Polls People don't care about the washing and look at Prime Minister Prawit and the minister can't answer clearly—see the opposition information of the National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA). Public survey results revealed The survey was conducted between July 25-26, 2022, among people aged 18 and over nationwide. Of the 1,312 respondents who asked the public about monitoring the distrust debate between July 19 and 23, 2022, 69.28 percent said they did not follow at all, 18.98 percent said they followed a little, 9.00 percent said they followed periodically, and 2.74 percent said they followed all the time. For example, 42.43 per cent said the opposition was very informed. 34.25 per cent said it was quite clear. 15.63 per cent said it was not clear and 7.69 per cent said it was not clear at all when asked who followed the debate to distrust the government for clarity in answering questions from the government in the debate. see 
The F-35 A needs to be purchased to upgrade the army, totaling 40 billion baht.|The F-35 A needs to be procured, upgrade the military to be of high quality, capability, protect sovereignty, and respond to various threats due to political and security conflicts in the region, Air Force spokesman Maj. Gen. Prapas Teachjaidee said about the impact of the postponement of the replacement attack fighter procurement program. After KMT cut the budget for the purchase of "F-35 A", the Air Force currently has 5 squadrons of attack fighters. The capability of existing aircraft to be able to maintain the mission capability, but due to age restrictions on the aircraft, the aircraft's capabilities are reduced. Limitations on transmission and maintenance costs are rising, as well as a long supply period for spare parts. As a result, the Air Force plans to gradually decommission 1 squadron of attack fighter jets to replace the 3 squadrons that are planned to be gradually decommissioned in order to maintain the capability of air fighter flight operations and air strikes for at least another 40 years. As a result, many countries in the region have accumulated forces. In particular, high-capacity air forces in military operations such as Myanmar, Malaysia and Vietnam are supplied with high-performance fighters (e.g. Su-27 and Su-30 aircraft), which currently ranks 5th in ASEAN. Air Force therefore needs to Provide forces with the same capability and capability as surrounding countries to deter and prepare for potential threats. The F-35, whose current price has fallen below $80 million since 2019, Air Force spokesman Maj. Gen. Prapas Teachjaidee said. The Air Force has planned to supply lower volumes but higher mission efficiency. The aim is for the Air Force to be upgraded to a "Quality Air Force". The capability to respond to all types of threats is in line with the current security situation and future trends, and the Air Force plans to drive engagement and benefits to Thailand. The Air Force plans to offer manufacturing companies an assessment of industrial companies' capabilities. Thailand's defense has the potential to outsource domestic spare parts production (S-Curve 11) and transfer technology to maintenance personnel to have capability and knowledge (S-Curve 12) in order to build on the future of the Air Force to recognize and understand the country's economic problems. The procurement of replacement attack fighters is therefore geared towards upgrading the Air Force and Thailand. This will lead to the development of the defense industry as an important part so that Thailand can drive growth. economical There is an opportunity to create jobs in the form of skilled workers, which are highly paid, a spokesman for the armed forces said. The need for attack fighters and related systems as specified by THEA. These include the GP Bomb Mk 80 Series, GBU-10 Series, GBU-12 Series and AIM-120 Series. High accuracy of air-air, air-ground guided weapons systems such as AIM-9X, JDAM, AGM-158 JASSM, etc., which the Air Force will consider to procure in accordance with the budgetary framework. Maintain the capability to protect national sovereignty and interests, combat readiness, and if budgets are not allocated to the replacement attack fighter procurement program. As a result, the Air Force will not be able to provide the LOA with the U.S. authorities in time for 2023, resulting in a delay in the procurement of replacement attack fighters for another 2 years, which deprives them of opportunities and lack of combat readiness of the replacement attack fighter squadrons that are delayed from 75 to 77. By the Board of Education and Requirements Preparation The details are as follows: - Phase 1 with a budget commitment of 4 years (66 - 69) of 2 units with a budget limit of 7,382 million baht – Phase 2 with a budget commitment of 4 years (69- 71) of 4 units with a budget limit of 14,628 million baht – Phase 3 with a budget commitment of 4 years (72- 75) of 6 units with a budget limit of 21,924 million baht.
SUPER poll reveals popular party for Thailand but gives "Uncle Tu" is the no. 1 favorite prime minister.|The Super Poll Research Center (SUPER POLL) released the results of a survey on "Which political party is the most popular" from people from all walks of life nationwide, conducted between July 25 and 30, 2022. When asked if today is Election Day, which party will he choose? It found that 26.9 per cent of the people identified the Pheu Thai Party, followed by 22.3 per cent who said they chose the Pracharath Party. 14.2 percent, Bhumjaithai Party, 6.9 percent, Progressive Party 6.8 per cent of the Democrat Party and 0.3 per cent of the Thai Economic Party and 10.2 per cent of the remaining 10.2 per cent said they would not choose any party and which party was the same. see 
Suphan-Seetha State jab! The country is only open for 3 months, but the tax is fully rolled out.|Aug. 1, 2022, the 3-month anniversary of the government's reopening of the country to tourism, is a good sign that the economy will recover. After more than 2 years of lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but like a repeat of the tragedy, the economy, instead of recovering, has faced a global recession due to inflation. This includes burdens that entrepreneurs have to bear while just starting to regain their footing. Reopen business The Sanook news team listened to the echoes of khaosan road operators in the forum. "Thailand builds Thailand x Tourism Business: Listening to Khaosan with Understanding - Thai Tourism Through the Global Economic Crisis" Mr. Songa Ruangwattanakul The president of The Khao San Road Business Association reflected that the number of tourists is now only 30% compared to pre-Covid, but there are still laws that restrict trade, such as the E.B.C. regulation that requires 50% of shops in air-conditioned rooms, 75% of shops outside the air-conditioned rooms, or the Emergency Decree that affects the decision of tourists to enter the country. This includes a 10% excise tax on sales, a 100% signage tax and a 100% property tax. The state acts as a ruler who does not come to develop or find a way to survive entrepreneurs in the days when they are just starting to set up. I want the government to change its perspective, reduce laws that burden or hinder livelihoods, and help empower Thai entrepreneurs to be strong enough to fight against foreigners. Mrs. Yada Pornpetrampa The chairman of the Bangkok and Khao San Road Stall Traders Club said that since 2016, the government has had a policy of organizing sidewalks "chase-dismantle-quit". As a result, the floating hawker that is the distribution agent begins to disappear. Over time, it affected the industrial sector. Factories are closed, and covid lockdowns are even more aggravating for small hawker operators. Therefore, the main problem is that after the opening of the country, hawkers need capital to resume their business, but as a small business, they cannot access loans. No license Jada proposed to set up a fund to distribute money to small entrepreneurs and hawkers. They may use hidden land licenses to sell products from Bangkok to borrow money, as well as SMEs that use leases to convert them into capital through the Ministry of Commerce. At the same time, the liberalization of cannabis has hit families and merchants. Therefore, I would like to propose to set up a smoking zone, because even if negotiating with marijuana dealers to stay in a controlled zone. Therefore, he proposed that the state set up marijuana smoking points and strictly enforce the law so as not to affect other groups of tourists. The president of the Restaurant Entrepreneurs Club reflected that the main problem now is that the cost of raw materials is rising, as is aggravating the manufacturers. Whether it is pork, vegetables, oil, gas, especially electricity bills, which account for 8% of the cost, followed by the lack of skilled workers such as housewives or expert restaurant workers. They rely on migrant workers, but they are not yet able to enter the country. Many Thai workers have moved to other provinces and have not returned. In addition, small hotels are stuck with licensing problems from the Hotel Act, cannot reopen, or some are charged under expensive tables. I can't even borrow because the hotel can't open. The hotel is now less than 50% open. Head of the Economic Team of the Thai Build Thai Party and Ms. Sita Tiwari The chairman of the Steering Committee and the Development Committee of the Thai Build Thai Party led a team of party MP candidates to explore the economic conditions in Khao San Road. The government now has to be a developer to help entrepreneurs survive. Now the market is gone, but the debt is not reduced. Tourism revenues also disappeared. The Thai Build Thai Party has a policy to leave. Act 1 to hang laws that impede livelihoods and must reduce taxes for entrepreneurs to come back first Along with injecting more money to increase entrepreneurial capital But not only giving away money such as half-phase 5 project another 800 baht But does not make people have a way to generate income Therefore, the channel to earn money is to find a way to increase tourists, stimulate Thai people to visit Thailand and adjust the rules of entry to make it easier for foreign tourists to come in, as well as develop an E-government system to receive complaints and help people more easily. Reduce tribute collection and develop Thailand's tourism platform So that Thai entrepreneurs will not have to pay the difference to foreign platforms.
The Prime Minister ordered the vocational coordinators to speed up the repair of broken cars after the rains flooded the city.|Prime Minister orders army to coordinate vocational efforts to help repair cars after rains hit Bangkok, flooding heavy traffic jams Gen. Kongcheep Tantrawanich Ministry of Defence spokesman Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence have ordered all the troops. Coordinating with the Ministry of Education Organize volunteers from the Department of Vocational Education together with military personnel and hand tools distributed to Bangkok and vicinity to provide urgent assistance. Many people are stranded on the streets. Many cars were damaged due to heavy rains and high flooding in many areas, resulting in many lines of inconvenience. Heavy traffic congestion at the same time, coordinate with Bangkok and metropolitan provinces. Equip troops and hand tools to help solve the problem of garbage blocking the drainage and open drainage routes from high-flooded areas. To reduce the impact of flooding and alleviate the suffering of the people as a whole until the situation returns to normal.
Chaiwut is not afraid. "Just say no." The latter is for Thailand to be confident, use any formula to win the election.|Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society and Member of the House of Representatives (MP) The Phalang Pracharat Party said on Tuesday (Aug 2) that it was "confident that it will win the next election". No matter what the rules are used before. Mr. Somkid Sengkong, MP, Ubon Ratchathani Province The Pheu Thai Party said the party's popular vote was high. Many MPs said that Mr Somkid was right because the rules that came out to divide 100 or divide 500 did not affect the number of MPs. In the end, according to the popular vote, Mr. Chaiwut went on to say that he was indifferent to the words of the opposition. Don't feel nervous because everyone has the same advantage and disadvantage in this rule. Personally, I don't think about moving the party anywhere because I am the deputy leader of the Pracharat Party. We are not residents, we are the founding party and now let's take care of the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society well before Mr. Chaiwut commented on the use of the 100 or 500 dividing formula. The Deputy Prime Minister picked up the issue and spoke at a cabinet meeting, which still has two weeks left, if not by Aug. 15. In the meeting, the Council did not order anything special, this Minister said. Parliament is expected to consider it in time, and the Pracharat Party is ready for the next elections in all provinces.
Chatchachart welcomes Anna Tiger MUT 2022 believes beauty queen can make a difference|Governor of Bangkok Mr. Chatchat Sittipan said to Ms. Anna Tiger ngam Iam. Miss Universe Thailand 2022 winners and 4 runners-up. On Wednesday (Aug. 3), it was believed that beauty pageants are no longer the only beauty pageant. But it can also help change society." We're not talking about one-sided beauty anymore, but we're talking and communicating socially. Changing mindset At the end of the day, it's about getting a position that's about how to change it for the better." Mr. Chatchachart said that Ms. Anna, whose father is a garbage collector in Bangkok, said that she reflects the importance of garbage collectors well and believes that it will create a transformative force in waste management among the general public. Mr. Chatchat said Ms. Anna said that if the waste management is managed, it will reduce other problems, especially flooding, and ultimately make Bangkok a better place to live with the winner of the contest. In addition to the waste that needs to be managed better. The welfare of waste management officers should also be taken care of. In addition, Ms. Anna mentioned the issue of education, saying that she is the one who has been given opportunities through various grants, believing that if children who lack opportunities in Bangkok receive educational support, it should benefit the children. As he saw the example of his parents, he believed that such work would benefit the city.
The government cracked the bank thousands. The opposition pulled Seng.|At the time of the electoral law, MPs were still in parliament this week, with two new political parties launched with the old leaders of the 3-P alliance, including the Ruling Coalition party, which held a general meeting to elect the party's executive committee on Monday, August 1, 2022, at Rama Gardens Hotel, followed by the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, which held its meeting in the early morning of Wednesday, August 3, 2022, at Ratchaphruek Club, Bangkok. Love You Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan and the party's general secretary is Dum Garudakhuntad. Former deputy leader of the Thai Rak Thai Party and the United Front The UDD, which moved to run for the Nakhon Ratchasima MP election in 2019, despite still stabbing the prime minister's candidacy, admits that he has worked with Prayuth in the future, if in the future he finds someone better than him, he will support good people. Peerapan Salirathvipak, former adviser to the Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha is the party's leader. Eknath Promphan, the leader of the MPS, is the party's general secretary, and Pongpol Adireksarn is the party's general secretary. The former deputy prime minister is an adviser to the party, which he himself said in media interviews that he would support. Gen. Prayuth and Peeraphan are the candidates for prime minister, while "Rambo Isan" Seksakorn Atthawong is the prime minister. The former deputy prime minister came to congratulate the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, which he had seen one of its co-founders. Prayuth, who is the prime minister of all time, is a rather contradictory sight for the Pheu Thai party, which is trying to bring back old party leaders to join the "big house with the same heart". Instead, it was proposed by a parliament led by smaller parties and the government, proposing a formula for calculating MPs, the list, dividing 500 with a kick-off. This may be one of the reasons why the government continues to split into smaller parties to support future elections, but the political game in Parliament is smelling bad. When the 2nd week of the Joint Session of Parliament was convened, fewer members attended the meeting and presented themselves as a quorum until almost no quorum was formed. The Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties was struck back to the Commissioner to amend the relevant section after the minority commissioner won a vote to amend the calculation of the list of MPs from division 100 to division 500. The Act establishes a period of time for the judicial process, which takes nearly 30 minutes to count a quorum and vote on each section. Chuan Escape The Speaker of parliament had to announce the closing of the meeting because the House was down, but the law was not finished while the deadline to amend the law on the election of MPs would be 120 days by August 15, which means that if Cheng is pulled to consider the child law without completing the 3rd term within the time frame, he will have to return to the draft law proposed by the KMT, namely 2 ballots and give the formula divided 100 to calculate the list of MPs. If parliament considers a bill on elections, MPs pass the 3rd term in a time frame, it must be submitted. The Commission and the Office of the Legislature shall consider whether dividing 500 is possible, or whether someone may have submitted to the Constitutional Court to determine whether it is contrary or contradictory to the Constitution. If there is a political impasse. The Prime Minister also has the power to issue a decree for elections, which may have to go back to the 2019 election rules as a single card, so the bankruptcy could be either a primary strategy or a backup plan, as long as the election rules are not officially enacted.
Prime Minister welcomes 180% increase in Airbnb accommodation search in Thailand, targets 3 Sinario|The Prime Minister is satisfied. International travelers searching for Airbnb accommodation in Thailand increased by 180%, confident of easing government measures, pushing tourism recovery Aiming for 3 Sinario tourism in 2023 Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Welcome to Airbnb, the world's leading accommodation booking platform. It was found that foreign tourists are searching for accommodation for travel to Thailand. The Prime Minister welcomed the continued relaxation of travel measures by the Prime Minister that Thailand continues to gain popularity with foreign tourists, while praising all relevant agencies for driving the economic recovery policy through the announcement of "Visit Thailand Year 2022-2023" to stimulate the foreign tourist market to Thailand. He added that Thailand has the advantage of being a popular destination for teleworking and the number of digital nomads is increasing. According to the latest Airbnb data, the top 5 destinations for domestic and foreign tourists visiting Thailand are Bangkok, Phuket, Pattaya (Chonburi), Chiang Mai and Koh Samui (Surat Thani). In addition Tourists are more interested in exploring new destinations such as Koh Lanta (Krabi), Trat, Pai (Mae Hong Son) and Cha-am (Phetchaburi). At present, more than 2.7 million foreign tourists have arrived in Thailand. It is expected that there will be at least 10 million foreign tourists this year, as planned. Aiming to revive Thailand's tourism industry To a tourism destination that focuses on value and sustainability. Revenue from both domestic and foreign tourists visiting Thailand is between 1.25-2.38 trillion baht through the economic target of 3 Sinarios, namely 1. The worst case is tourism revenue of 1.25 trillion baht. It is divided into Thai Tourism Thailand 670 billion baht (117 million times) and Foreign Tourism Thailand 580 billion baht (11 million people)2. Base Case: Total tourism revenue of 1.73 trillion baht It is divided into Thai Tourism Thailand 760 billion baht (130 million times) and Foreign Tourism Thailand 970 billion baht (18 million people)3. Best Case: Total tourism revenue of 2.38 trillion baht In this case, Chinese tourists can travel to Thailand, the Prime Minister attaches importance to pushing, evaluating and stimulating the recovery of the Thai tourism sector, which will have a significant impact on the country's economy as a whole. As a result, the trend of foreign tourists entering Thailand is increasing, reflecting that the tourism industry is recovering. The Prime Minister has instructed the relevant authorities. Prepare measures to promote tourism in the second half of the year to diversify. Respond to new lifestyles and emphasize compliance with public health measures. Travel safely Build confidence among foreign tourists and create economic opportunities for Thais.       
Prime Minister warns against buying covid medicines by yourself Confirm Thailand has enough medical supplies|The prime minister warned people not to buy anti-Covid drugs through online media, which could be dangerous and resistant, and urged police to speed up investigations and arrests. Confirming Thailand has enough medical supplies, Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense have warned people not to buy anti-COVID-19 drugs for themselves, which will be harmful to the body and may cause resistance if taken inappropriately. The Prime Minister insisted that the Thai public health system has enough medical supplies to take care of the people. The Ministry of Public Health has confirmed that some infected people may not have to take antiretroviral drugs, which is at the discretion of the treating physician. People with COVID-19 are now infected. You can call the hotline 1330 to report symptoms, which will be assessed by staff. If it is eligible to receive antiviral drugs, the drug will be delivered to the residence.    
The students met Prayuth for the first time, jumped into a hug, and even held back tears.|Today (4 Aug 22) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense together with the delegation traveled to the Royal Palace of King Naresuan the Great. Don Chedi Subdistrict, Phanom Thuan District, Kanchanaburi Province to pay homage to His Majesty King Naresuan the Great The statue sits on the back of an elephant, tying a 3-colored cloth at the Yutthahatthi Pagoda and paying homage to King Naresuan the Great. Phra Suphan kalya and Phra Ekatsatha Mr. Chaipong, 80 years old, an elephant doctor from Sai Yok district, came to welcome the Prime Minister and presented him with a horse white cloth and a grandmother's stone, which is believed to be a sacred stone that makes the recipient have a strong heart. And it is a stone that makes people harmonious, sharing happiness while the Prime Minister takes a picture with the students from Wat Don Chedi School. One student asked the prime minister to sign a prepared T-shirt. One of the students asked for a hug from the prime minister because he liked it, and when he hugged and even shed tears, Gen Prayuth advised the children to focus on their studies. Set a goal because there will be a lot of employment. May everyone succeed in helping to take care of their families and parents, and warn children if their grandparents scold or say anything because of good hope. 
Registration of the Prime Minister's car "Big Tu" to Kanchanaburi area to win the installment 16/8/65|Look at the car registration of the Prime Minister in Kanchanaburi province. Don't miss out on the lucky draw number on August 16, 2022, which will come today (August 4) at 09.30 a.m. at Ban Thung Koon. District 19 Huay Krachao Kanchanaburi Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense monitored the solution to the problem of water shortage for consumption and agriculture at the large-scale groundwater supply project to solve the drought problem due to the Royal Initiative. Locals and gamblers don't miss the registration number of the car that the Prime Minister used to enter the area. It is a white Toyota Alphard. Registration number KATH 5969 Kanchanaburi To prepare to try your luck in the lottery on August 16, 2022, welcomed by local politicians such as: Mr. Somkiat Wonpiorn, Kanchanaburi Senator, District 2, Pracharat Power Mr. Thamwit Photipipith State Senate District 4 Mr. Attapol Photipipith Kanchanaburi District 5 Mp. Pracharat and Dr. Himalayan Skinphan, or Himalayan Chief of Staff, and when Gen. Prayuth arrived, he heard a report from the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, as well as local officials, about the problem and solutions by the Prime Minister. The project was extended to other provinces and groundwater was given to people's representatives. Before Mr. Warawut Silpa-acha The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment presented Huay Krachao mineral water to the Prime Minister as a commemoration.
The court granted bail to Bai Po-after 3 months of detention and banned him from going out in the evening until morning.|The South Bangkok Criminal Court has ordered the temporary release of Bai Po - Ms. Nattanich Duangmusit and - Ms. Netiporn Sanaesoom. The activists broke through the palace. On Thursday (Aug. 4), Bai Po and Slug were last detained after their bail was withdrawn on May 3, or three months ago. According to a poll that may be considered a violation of the provisions of Article 112 and 116 of the Criminal Code at Siam Paragon Shopping Mall. On Feb. 8, two activists protested the withdrawal of their bail by fasting during their detention. He posted on Twitter that the bail was 200,000 baht per person. Not only that, the court also laid down a number of conditions, including, however, the two activists still have other cases pending, forcing their lawyers to apply for additional bail after this.
Dr. Rawi warns division 100 not to celebrate. The war is not over, it will be over.|Mr. Ravi Maschamadol Member of the House of Representatives (MP) On Friday (Aug 5), the party's leader warned parties in favour of using the 100-division formula to determine the number of list-based MPs in the next election. "The side that supports the formula divided by 100 will be prepared to celebrate, let me say that the war is not over, don't just count the corpses of soldiers, because the way he does it is called herding the dogs to the alley," said Mr. Rawi, a member of the Extraordinary Committee of the Parliament that is responsible for considering the electoral law of MPs after the constitutional amendment in 2021 to change from using a single card to find out how many MPs each political party can have to have as many MPs (MPs). Mr. Rawi said that for the Pheu Thai Party, it is normal that almost all meetings do not present themselves as a quorum. Therefore, do not blame the Pheu Thai Party, but the problem is that the ruling coalition party refuses to show up, causing it to waste time waiting for a quorum and time to wait for a resolution. Mr. Rawi said that although support for the 100-party formula has succeeded, don't forget that there is still an important stage, the Election Commission (EC) checkpoint. And whether or not the Constitutional Court will participate in a quorum is at the discretion of each person, MPs and Senators (Senators). Who decided to stay in the political game. Ignoring the name of the council or the tax of the people who use their salaries to attend the meeting, which on August 10, anything can happen, trusting in the parliamentary system, MPs and senators, seeing the problem, will decide to act on the resolution in accordance with the provisions of Article 114 of the Constitution.
"Anutin" continues to understand the people, emphasizes "marijuana", emphasizes medical use|"Anutin" continues to communicate and create understanding among the people. Correct cannabis utilization Emphasis on medical use of Ms. Traisuli Trisaranakul A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said that while the Cannabis Hemp Act is still in the legislative process, it has not yet come into force. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health Chanveerkul stressed to the departments in the Ministry of Public Health, which oversee the use of cannabis, to expedite communication through all channels and activities to create public understanding of the government's policy aimed at the use of medical marijuana. Not supported Recreational use If it is used outside of what is required by law, it will be subject to prosecution, with today (Aug. 6) Mr. Anutin presiding over the opening ceremony of 'Cannabis Miracle. Health District 3 contributes to health and economic development' at Uthai Thani Provincial Stadium, which is an activity at Health District 3. Held on 5 – 7 August 2022 in accordance with the policy of the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health to provide comprehensive knowledge about the use of medical marijuana. For the public to understand the correct use of cannabis. Benefits to primary health care Looking for opportunities to expand from research and development to create jobs Occupation and income, appropriately and legally. However, the Department of Health Services currently has a program in accordance with the Deputy Prime Minister's Policy to educate on the safe use of medical marijuana for health. Through more than 1.05 million village health volunteers nationwide. The MINISTRY must know about cannabis in five areas to be used for caring for people in the community and communicate it for a proper understanding of the community: 1. Proper access to medical marijuana services2. Prevent use as required by law. Allergies or adverse side effects3.Supporting wisdom, herbs, food and cash crops4.Providing accurate information to the public5.Supporting community participation P.S. civil society and the safe transfer of experiences in the safe use of medical marijuana for health by model individuals.
A government spokesman said Prayuth was satisfied. M.T.1 successfully drove the solution to the target.|Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Follow up on the directives to tackle poverty, which the government emphasizes that all departments work on a targeted basis. For the betterment of the people, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office also praised Gen. Anupong Tribejinda The Center for poverty eradication and sustainable development of people of all ages in accordance with the philosophy of Sufficiency Economy (EEC) that drives targeted poverty solutions. In terms of "living dimensions", 147,503 households suffered from instability, housing and non-permanent housing. Households are unhygienic and have insufficient water supply. With 20,649 households able to solve the problem, Mr. Thanakorn said that the above achievements are integrating work with various sectors, including drawing on the potential of the area, supporting the budget for building and repairing housing. Create smiles for households Chiang Mai people"For Nakhon Si Thammarat province, women's organizations organized the activity "Uniting women to solve the poor" to raise funds to build. Repairing houses for poor households in the province In Chai Nat province, "Chai Nat, Wat, Rat, Rat, Red Cross Unite to Eradicate Poverty", with the host agency responsible for improvement. Repair/construction of 121 houses for target households in TPMAP system has been completed in Chaiyaphum province. With the completion of the construction of 103 houses for TPMAP target households, Mr. Thanakorn reiterated that the Prime Minister has always prioritized tackling poverty as a priority. The government has been working on this issue since the first day of taking office and will continue to do so, so we thank and appreciate the work of the relevant agencies and other agencies that have been involved in the work. The Prime Minister also reiterated the unity of all departments, everyone. If we work together, we will successfully solve the problem of poverty in the nation for the quality of life and happiness of the people.
The Prime Minister insisted on the supply and distribution of covid medicines thoroughly and adequately.|The Prime Minister reaffirmed that the government and the MINISTRY provide and distribute covid medicines to public and private hospitals nationwide. Supporting the treatment of patients covered Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister said the government was preparing medicines to treat covid-19 patients. Adequate supply of COVID-19 medications Four drugs, Favipiravir, Molnupiravir, Remdesivir and Paxlovid, are fda-registered and fda-approved drugs imported by the Pharmaceutical Organization. Jan- Jul 22 The Ministry of Public Health has provided 265,500,000 tablets to public and private hospitals nationwide, 12,000,000 tablets of Molnupiravir and 12,000,000 tablets of Remdesivir. A total of 375,210 vials of each drug have different indications of use. It's not. People with COVID-19 It is not necessary to receive all antiviral drugs, even if they are 608, by dispensing antiviral drugs, at the discretion of the doctor who will consider dispensing symptomatic medications. Found that the latest information Date 3 Aug 22 There are reports of 11.2 million favipiravir and molnupiravir in the area, and there are also a number of central reserves that currently have sufficient use rates for more than 14 days. 20 million molnupiravir tablets and 80 thousand bottles of remdesivir.
"Oops," he whispered. For Thailand as a government, economic problems will be solved in 6 months.|"Ung Inc." for Thailand as a government, big economic and social problems will be solved in the first 6 months. Send a central office to work with the governor. Thai people must be cured of debt. The people have been drowning for 8 years, said Paethongthan Shinawatra, head of the family for Thailand, speaking on stage. Families for Thailand mobilize JiangHai people for Thailand to the northernmost in Chiang Rai province, saying that Thailand is worse today. People are in debt. Expensive belongings Farmers are struggling with farming, crop prices are falling, but fertilizers are expensive. Tourism that has not yet recovered Many people are unemployed back home. The problem is full of the only way to save people's lives from suffering. The difficulty is back as good as the day Dr. Thaksin Shinawatra, her father and Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra's uncle, became prime minister, and the Pheu Thai Party would have to win the landslides elections. The Pheu Thai Party has an answer for the whole country. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-chan, a Paethongthan MP, said that if the Pheu Thai Party gains the trust of the people, it will work proactively, and in the first 6 months, it will solve macroeconomic problems, society, bureaucracy, must be solved to meet the needs of the people. Add a channel Increase your chances of making a living to keep up with the world. For all generations and ages. And in the next 6 months, the Pheu Thai Party will send ministers to work with the governors of each province. There are members of the House of Representatives. Because the Pheu Thai Party has always believed that no one understands the area as well as the locals, no one can understand Chiang Rai as well as the people of Chiang Rai. The main problem, all the big picture, is almost completely solved. Chiang Rai province is a special province, a border province that is important to unlock all laws, but was coup d'état first, and gave the example of Dubai 50 years ago as a country with nothing, but now it is a country with everything and one of the countries where people want to visit and invest. For its part, the Pheu Thai Party believes that it should increase opportunities for the new generation with a digital world, a virtual world that will be easy and convenient, and also asks for an opportunity after 6 months of the Pheu Thai Party is in government to come back to help brainstorm ideas and help solve problems. Find a way out, make Chiang Rai a pleasant city again." If you have the opportunity to come back to Thailand again. You want all parties to face each other. There is something to discuss, work together, because the people are facing a much bigger problem, which is the economic problem that is coming in. Therefore, what we intend for our country to move forward, to free our brothers and sisters from adversity, together we can continue to develop the country. Next, Chiang Rai must unite strongly in order to adopt the policies of the Party for Thailand plus its representatives, to develop our Chiang Rai and make the Thai people poor."
"Anutin" asks for Lopburi people's vote. Next election "Proud Thai" raises the province|"Anutin" In the next election, Bhumjaithai raised the province. If the people support it, they will be ready to become prime minister himself. MPs are preparing to move another 1 Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. As the leader of the Bhumjaithai Party, Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport As secretary-general of the Bhumjaithai Party and the party executives, he visited Lan Tak Plant, Transport Office, Khok Samrong District, Lopburi Province. Launching the MP candidates for the next election, including Ms. Mallika Jirapanwanich, Mr. Narin Klangpha and Mr. Kiat Yellowkajornwit, who were attended by more than 5 thousand people, Mr. Anutin said that he was very glad to visit Lopburi province and warmly welcomed the people. public health communication From tourism to education, such as building accident buildings. To Chai Badan Hospital Repairing, building, developing roads, etc. See the hard work of the brothers. The MINISTRY has sought to increase the remuneration to 1.5 thousand baht per month. Bhumjaithai Party Interested in people's problems It has been found that debt burden is a problem that creates burdens in life, especially during the recent COVID-19 pandemic. The Bhumjaithai Party therefore agreed to have a 3-year moratorium program to allow people to open their eyes and open their mouths to have the strength to make a living and to relax from the neediness. We have beautiful nature and utility readiness, it's time to develop further. Each province should have a tourism development budget of 300-500 million baht. This budget will bring about 5 trillion baht in circulation in the nationwide economy, the Bhumjaithai Party said. The policy that speaks We will find a way to do it in the past has already accomplished many things, including medical marijuana policy, 30 baht treatment everywhere, free dialysis, cancer treatment everywhere. When he works, he will aim to build unity in the country and who will be prime minister. In the tradition of the Bhumjaithai Party, we have always nominated the leader of the party as the sole prime minister. He chose us to work for them to prove when marijuana could be done, road development, etc. In the province, it operates. We will develop tourist attractions, this time 3 ministries, next time ask 6 ministries, choose a lot. Brothers and sisters don't have to be afraid. If he is going to be the prime minister, he must be the Phujai Thai Party that has fielded candidates in Lopburi province as follows: District 2, Ms. Mallika, Mr. Narin District 3 and Mr. Kiat District 4. Prathuan Suttinuaydej, an MP of the Phalang Pracharat Party, who will join the party, will have already fielded candidates in all four districts of Lopburi province.
Senator Prayut Chan-o-cha Wong passed away at the age of 67.|Admiral Prasad Ajawong, Member of the Senate (Senate) The 67-year-old passed away at around 2 a.m. on Monday (Aug. 8) at Phra Pinklao Hospital. Department of Naval Medicine From bloodstream infections, Senate website. Born on Dec. 2, 1954, He attended a military preparatory school before going on to study at The Handwick Naval Academy in Flensburg, Germany, where he graduated with a master's degree in public administration at Kasem University before becoming a member of the Senate. Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra was also secretary of the Preparatory Committee for the Royal Thai Legion. To pay tribute to the leaders of the countries attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting. In 2003, after the 2014 coup, he was appointed as a member of the National Legislative Assembly.
3 more days off! Nov-18 November only Bangkok and vicinity receive APEC leaders' meeting|The Prime Minister presided over the meeting of the National Committee for the APEC 2022 Meeting. We are confident that APEC 2022 will be held in the next 4 months today (August 8, 2022) at 9.30 a.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense presided over a meeting of the National Committee to prepare for the APEC Leaders' Meeting and related meetings. During Thailand's hosting of the 2022 APEC Meeting No. 2/2022, directors and representatives from relevant agencies attended the 2022 APEC Meeting. The Prime Minister thanked all agencies for their cooperation and support in organizing the various meetings related to the APEC framework in the past to be completed smoothly and honorably as Thailand's host.  To prepare for the APEC leadership meeting to be held in the next 4 months. We are confident that with the potential and cooperation of all Thai agencies, we will be able to host the meeting neatly, appropriately, and as a reputation and honor for the country. "The key issues presented by Thailand at the meeting are issues that the government is aware of, prioritized and has been working on continuously. Trade and Investment Facilitation Tackling global warming in a balanced manner and the BCG economic model," said Prime Minister Ms. Traisuli Trisornnakul. A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the National Committee had agreed to set a special holiday during the APEC Leaders' Meeting week from Wednesday, Nov. 16 to Friday, Nov. 18, 2022, only in Bangkok and vicinity, which is the same practice as Thailand chairs the ASEAN Summit. Facilitate the travel of attendees, as well as to ensure the orderly and efficient protection and security of APEC leaders. Government agencies that need to serve the public, such as hospitals. The courts, as well as the bank, shall consider it reasonable. The meeting also agreed to create a commemorative coin on the occasion of Thailand's hosting of APEC as a symbol for the public to remember that Thailand has hosted APEC in 2022. Instructing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Finance to take the next steps, Ms. Traisuli said that the National Committee meeting also acknowledged the progress of the relevant subcommittees, including: Subcommittee on Public Affairs The Subcommittee on Ceremonies and Directives and the Subcommittee on Public Relations reported on the readiness of the upcoming APEC Ministerial Meeting in May. This august consists of tourism, public health. Security, food and forestry along with reports on the preparations for ministerial meetings and related meetings that will take place ahead of leadership meetings, such as the Ministerial Meeting on Women and SMEs in November 2019. September fiscal branch in November 2018. This includes the APEC Business Advisory Council (ABAC) meeting, the APEC CEO Summit, and discussions between APEC leaders and those hosted by the Thai private sector during Leaders' Week in November. Nov.
Walk off the podium. After being asked about being prime minister for 8 years.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister expressed their displeasure on Monday (Aug 8) after being asked by reporters about the party's preparations to submit to the Constitutional Court soon to decide whether he had to vacate his post because he had completed eight years as prime minister, which falls on Aug. 23. Before walking off the podium and not answering questions on other issues, the 2017 Constitution, Section 158, limits the prime minister's tenure to no more than 8 years. Gen. Prayuth While some parties think it should be since after the 2019 elections, Prayuth appointed himself prime minister in 2014 after seizing power in the then government led by Yingluck Shinawatra until after the 2019 elections. Prayuth is another prime minister. Although the Pheu Thai Party has the most MPs, choosing a prime minister at that time is different from the past because the 2017 constitution requires that the Senate have not a single elected person. The right to co-opt the prime minister and the House of Representatives for a period of 5 years after the first election, meaning that MPs have the right to decide who will lead the country at least in the two-term government. Prayuth argued that only the votes of MPs were more than half. Therefore, such allegations are not true.
Police chief tells police life lessons, raises koh tao bomb case, Bangkok, important investigative work|Police Chief Lecture No. 76-79 Sharing Lessons of Police Life Leave valuable insights into police service(9 Aug 2022) Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaiyadsuk The National Police Commissioner gave a special lecture to the police cadets. Year 1 – 4 (Police Cadet Class 76 – 79) 806 officers under the topic of Valuable Police Service at the Police Cadet School, Sam Phran District, Nakhon Pathom Province on August 8, 2022. He began his lecture by recounting his life in police service, from attending military preparatory school class 20 to attending police cadet class 36 as deputy inspector of investigation. Huamark Police Station Promoted to Inspector, Deputy Superintendent Superintendent Deputy Commander, Commander Deputy Commander Commander, Assistant The Deputy Chief of Police, even after being appointed as The Deputy Chief of Police, also conveyed life experience, saying that at every stage of his life serving as a police officer, he had to strive to work, perform his duties in the position, and perform the tasks assigned to him as best as possible. For example, organizing within the police station drove subordinates to set up checkpoints to arrest illegal items during his tenure as The Nong Khaem Police Commissioner, later as Director of Lumpini Police Station. Serious action has resulted in Thailand passing an international assessment. Surviving the surveillance nation's list while also committing to investigative work, which is a job that he likes, is skilled and committed. They are often assigned to investigate and solve important cases, such as the bombings in Bangkok. Security cases in the southern border provinces, the killing of tourists in Koh Tao, Surat Thani province, and also initiated training courses in investigations and detective development to become a model for current investigative courses. Create a police force that specializes in numerous investigations. The Police Commissioner has given his thoughts on police service to the police cadets. 1. Want to thrive, have to find difficult things to do, do not do simple things2. There are always lessons for us to learn, such as making a koh tao case. Watermelon Death Case Actresses, social media and influencers come into play. The police, who are judicial officers, must adhere to the principles even if they are against the currents of society, so they must learn and adapt. accept Survive in the midst of change3. We don't know what the ending was, maybe someone wrote the play. Don't go aiming for titles or titles. Some children have a goal, a fast rank, no one is wrong, but the integrity of each person 4. Work requires a supervisor and must keep his subordinates well. "I'm like this if I choose between jobs, bosses, etc. Benefits will be with honor, fame, money, gold, I choose a job with my superiors first. I chose a job that I liked and had a good boss because life experience taught us that we can't walk alone in this life. We have to find someone to go with us. Find bosses Find colleagues, find subordinates, especially good subordinates must be maintained. It's a god-given gift. Take care of the subordinates who follow us. We take care of him. He took care of us. About prosperity, money, gold, later. I never took it as a consideration in the service," he said. Police officers should have their own brand and have an image that others see us, such as being good at investigating, good at directorship, good at planning, specializing in investigations. Dignity must be created by ourselves, honor for others is given.6.Justice is something we must help create. If it is not created, it does not happen. Justice is man-made. One day, if you feel that you are not getting justice, do not abandon your duties, do not stop doing it. 7. People often fail. Take mistakes as a lesson in life. "Life is a journey, don't walk down the abyss, don't intentionally walk down the abyss, have to learn, have to fight. Find your way out of the abyss to get to your destination, no one ever imagined. Life may find a risk point at the mouth of the abyss. You can stumble and fall, but you have to get up." 8. Life is both fun and depressing. If life is fun, do not enjoy it very much. Be happy with the conditions provided. When time is prosperous, don't be fooled. Don't give up. Don't be depressed9.We can't choose a job. Can't choose a boss If you can choose Choose well. But it's important that we always choose: choose how to behave amid factors that we can't control and can't control. Do what is best, be mindful, think carefully"Try not to be passive, do not be still, do not be a target, adapt, learn. His life may be drawn into anything, but perfect, cool, we may not get the highest position, it does not mean failure. Getting the job done each day is considered a success. Having a good family life is also a success." 10. Don't act like a full glass of water. Need to adapt In addition, the police chief also attended lunch with police cadets. 
Sarunwut claims Prawit, abbreviated P. walked about the secret deal to overthrow Prayuth.|Mr. Sarunwut Sarunket Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Uttaradit province noted on Tuesday (Aug. 9) that the younger brother of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan is now in charge. Deputy Prime Minister P. P. is working on a secret agreement between the Pracharat Party and the Pheu Thai Party to remove Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha from the post of prime minister or miss out on that post after the upcoming elections for the Uttaradit MP. He believed that such an attempt would cause a joint session of parliament on Wednesday (Aug. 10) to have a quorum not completed until the house collapsed again. Gen Prawit and the Pheu Thai Party swore at Wat Phra Kaew that there was no secret deal between them, while Prawit said he would stay for another two years. Mr. Sarunwut said it was a word that did not match the deed, and it was a word to sow a psychedelic siege. Gen. Prawit loves Gen. Prayuth as his real brother. The formula for calculating the list of MPs must not be overturned by 500 members in the constitutional assembly bill .... On the election of the MP for Uttaradit province, he said that using the formula to calculate the list of MPs with 100 people is a requirement that makes some parties slide. If Gen. Prawit does not actually benefit Why support that puts the Pracharat Party at a disadvantage when asked by reporters if there is clear evidence to substantiate such actions? Mr. Sarunwut said there was no clear evidence because who would give it, but it was a secret meeting. The recent split between Gen Prawit and Prayuth has been a structural split. Behind the scenes, it's not. But the person who holds the reins is Gen. Prawit's brother.
Outsider vs Outsider Prime Minister on party account The battle is going on after 8 years.|Aug. 24 will be the 8th anniversary. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha is preparing to appeal to the Constitutional Court to rule on whether it contradicts the provisions of the constitution. The Deputy Prime Minister, Legal Affairs, will say that as long as the court does not order the suspension of duties. Prayuth can continue to serve. The political game is getting more intense. When considering the draft amendment to the Constitution act on elections. There is a chance of an abortion due to a 180-day window by August 15, which many parties predict is pulling the game back to the formula for calculating the 100-division list of MPs instead of the 500-division formula according to the proposals of smaller parties and parliamentary resolutions. The leader of the Bhumjaithai Party, who is listed in the prime minister's cadicate, is likely to lobby for Anutin to take office because the vote would require 250 senatorial votes. After that, it will be a vote to remove the prime minister. An outsider, most likely Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister, but there is a condition stating that the Prawit's candidacy as prime minister will require the votes of a number of opposition parties, as well as Sarunwut Sarunket. Uttaradit Congress The Pro-National Party, which has issued a bipolar secret deal, said one was a dictatorship in parliament. The other pole is a dictator who used guns and tanks to seize power, joining the movement to overthrow Chu Pom, where large parties, both the opposition and the Pracharat Party, amended the constitution into 2 cards, calculated the MPs on the 100-division list, and announced landslides, and questioned whether Prawit had a secret deal with the Pheu Thai Party. Because if Gen. Prawit already knows that if dividing 100, the Pracharat Party will be at a disadvantage, but who will take the division of 100 for? During this time, they went to government offices and met the people. When a reporter called Anutin during a visit to Lopburi province. On August 8, "Mr. President." He hurriedly replied, "Si Su Ta", but in the House of Representatives, the Bhumjaithai Party MPs were in a crowded meeting. Gen Prawit gave an interview at Government House before the meeting. Today's (August 9) In the manner of prejudice. After the reporter asked if Prawit was ready to become prime minister? He replied, "How can I get ready? I haven't thought about it yet, the prime minister is still two years away," before coming out to address the news after the meeting. After the reporter asked if Gen Prayuth would be prime minister for another 2 years, would he wait to become prime minister? Prawit hurriedly said, "Can you stay alive?" but it remains to be seen whether the outcome of the draft law on the election of MPs will be completed by August 15 and how the Constitutional Court will decide. If someone submits to the decision of Prayuth's prime ministership after August 24.
Chon Nan Refused to accept Thailand's Pracharat power deal as prime minister|Mr. Chonnan Srikaew The leader of the Pheu Thai Party and MP Nan said on Wednesday (Aug 10) that he rejected news reports claiming that the Pheu Thai Party and the Pracharath Party had reached an agreement to open the way for the "Pheu Thai Party". Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister becomes the Prime Minister instead. Prayuth Chan-ocha, the leader of the Pro-Thai Party, said the information released was a step further exaggerated. But understand who publishes it. Because hopefully it works. And release the news of this secret deal. To discredit the Party for Thailand, Mr. Cholnan mentioned the amendment of the Constitution Act (ACT). On the election of MPs, he said that the Pheu Thai Party did not support the calculation of the list of MPs divided by 500 from the date the House approved it because it was against the spirit, contrary to the Constitution and contrary to the code of conduct, and the party intended to veto this law. Chairman of the Coordinating Committee (Whip) The opposition Coalition party and the Mp for Maha sarakham province, the Pheu Thai Party, confirmed that the Pheu Thai Party will meet normally. Many district MPs attending the meeting may not be crowded. As for the direction of the resolution, the Act Elected MPs of the opposition coalition The MP went on to say that the Pheu Thai Party supports the 100 division formula because it is the system that will be the least contradictory to the constitution and is most likely to be practiced, unlike the 500 division formula, which is seen as problematic. The way to stop the law is not to whirlwind it, but rather to let it create external problems.
Parina Just post a clip rocking to the beat. Over 3 million views|Ms. Parina Kraikupt Post a dance clip on the TikTok application account (tick-tock). On Tuesday (Aug. 9), it was stated that it only danced to the beat of the song. But it has been viewed more than 3.5 million times by internet users. In just 19 hours in the clip, a former member of the House of Representatives (MP) was arrested. Ratchaburi Pracharat Power Party He was wearing a white single-breasted shirt, cap and headphones while rocking to the beat of the title. Kala Jachma Based on the film Bar Bar Deco released in 2016. The MP said that he couldn't do the hip rocking pose, so he asked to do the rocking move to the beat of this song instead, and thanked everyone who came to watch this clip and other clips"When Parina couldn't cover the original twerk, Parina was rocking (The post of Parina rocked yesterday reached 3 million, and thank you to all the viewers of the previous 7 million 100,000 views of the Kankubai clip. Thank you for still thinking about it and visiting it. Comment, say hello, talk to Parina.)" Ms. Parina Ms. Pareena was disqualified from politics for 10 years and banned from running for life. On April 7, 2018, he was found guilty of unethical trespassing. This MP I've been moving in the tick-tock application since before that. When the court issued an order to stop performing his duties, the MP waited for a verdict in the case.
The Prime Minister doesn't know the House is down, so the formula for dividing 100 or 500 can be accepted.|The Prime Minister is stunned. I don't know what the council is doing. No problem at all. Divide 100 by 500. I don't know who shook his hand, but he did it after the National Security Council meeting. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense had an informal conversation with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister with Gen. Anupong Tribejinda The Interior Minister, personally 20 minutes before coming down for a press interview by the Prime Minister, said that he did not follow the atmosphere of the joint session of Parliament where the bill on the election of MPs was being considered. The Prime Minister asked reporters what the "Ao is going to do", which the reporter said that the quorum was not completed and the council collapsed to return to the formula of division 100. Who caught Is there someone else out there? Does the other party exist? There are many parties, it is considered multi-party, otherwise they are all holding hands, he said, when asked if the prime minister If you go back to the formula of division 100, the Prime Minister said, "I have no problem with dividing a hundred, dividing five hundred, dividing a thousand, dividing ten thousand, I have no problem." Don't write too much. I don't have any problems with you. When asked if he said he would vote for anything, he said, "I don't know. When asked by reporters about next year, the prime minister said: "Wait for next year."
MPs whispered the news, dissolving parliament before Aug. 24.|MPs dissolved parliament before Aug. 24 after voting on budget 66 in front of the court. Court Of Chancery (10 August 2022) Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon or MP, Member of the House of Representatives on a list basis. Thai Sriwilai Party A Facebook post by Mongkolkit Suksintaranon stated, "The news is trending over the curve, may dissolve parliament before August 24, 2022. After the vote, Budget 66 was completed, before the court ruling.
3 P. Chuen Nuen closed the room to talk for 30 minutes, wishing "Big Pom" birthday. Age 77 years|3 P. Chuen Nuen closed the room for 30 minutes, blessed 77 years old "Big Pom" embraced "Big Pok", showed the media, asked who was fighting. Rounding up the lobby of the MPC He did not attend today's council meeting, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan said. The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharat Party (PDP), is with his family, with close people such as Gen. Nat Intaracharoen. Former Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Defense and Gen. Vij Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya, head of the Unification Party Travel to make merit for the 77th birthday and make merit for the ancestors at Wat Phra Si Mahathat Worawihan. Then, at 07.00 a.m. at the 5-province Joint Forest Foundation, Gen. Prawit opened to those close to him. Soldiers, policemen, politicians, civil servants greeted and presented souvenirs to their colleagues as hand-made coffee machines. Face Scan Coffee Mug Gen. Prawit and Cotton asked the media not to record the footage at 8 a.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Prime Minister comes to bless Gen. Prawit presented a picture of a chicken as a gift in the receiving room. The interior minister was accompanied by a 30-minute talk before leaving the room, the reporter asked. Gen. Prawit took a picture of 3 P., to which Gen. Prawit replied that yes, but it was a stroke. Gen Prayuth had earlier walked into the car. Make it just a picture. Gen. Prawit and Gen. Anupong only by Gen. Prawit wrapped around his waist. Gen. Anupong said there was no quarrel and pointed his hand at the media, stating, "Only we are writing to fight every day. In addition to wanting the media to ask a little question"Before Gen Prawit denied that there was a direct phone call to the MP not to attend yesterday's council meeting, Gen Prawit asked back, "Where do I call the N.O.C. meeting all day until 4 pm?" Minister of The Interior Mr. Suttipong Chulacharoen Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society Ms. Trinuch Tienthong, Minister of Education, is expected to have Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon. The leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party left the ruling coalition party, but lined up to greet and slap on Gen Prawit's shoulder and whispered clearly in case he did not vote for the prime minister and Gen Prawit because of the opposition's duties. The Deputy Minister of Defence and the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces walked to bless yesterday, while MPs and other politicians will gradually come to bless this afternoon throughout the day.
Somsak Jang, a young drama owed debts to the MINISTRY until he was confiscated 3 million netizens. Shouldn't help!|Somsak Jangdrama helped a young man overdue to the seizure of a condo priced at 3 million, revealing that the 100,000 baht reduction was a fine, not a reduction in the principal in the case of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice, who was questioned online about helping debtors of the Education Loan Fund (EIA). In the case of the borrower Failed to pay the debt amount of 300,000 baht until the court ordered the seizure of the condo property worth 3 million baht. Many of the comments disagreed with the borrower's assistance. Somsak Thepsutin posted a clarification. "I've been questioned by society about the borrower's case. Failed to pay the debt amount of more than 300,000 baht until the court ordered the seizure of the condo property. Value 3 Million Baht I would like to clarify that the borrower has a total debt of 371,497 baht, divided into principal of 244,096 baht, interest of 26,817 baht and a fine of 100,584 baht. On July 25, 2022 In this case, the closing conditions were met to reduce the penalty premium by 100%, resulting in a discount here of about 100,000 baht, so the debt was reduced to 270,913 baht, but there was a condition that the closing of the account must be paid before December 27, 2022 to withdraw the foreclosure. I would argue that there is no reduction in principal and no discrimination because of debt mediation. Currently, 72 times nationwide, 57,531 mediations have been successfully completed, and the Ministry of Justice has worked hard to help debtors who cannot pay installments both before being sued and after being sued. In mediation After some people lack income or lose their jobs due to the impact of COVID-19. We provide assistance in all eligible cases. Of the events held nationwide, only 4-5% were unable to help, which I understand is a concern. Who have suffered for a long time from debt and there is no way out because those individuals will not be able to make financial transactions at all. In many cases, I became a mediator myself. There are both unemployed. Unable to repay the debt or being a guarantor to buy a car, a loan until I suffered foreclosure, I negotiated until I got the property back as well. We have received cooperation from more than 10 financial institutions to help alleviate the suffering of the people. The impasse crisis has reached the stage of foreclosure. I can't stay calm. Some cases of assistance may be contrary to the sentiments of some of the people, but I insist that as a government that has a duty to take care of the people, it must come to the rescue, which is like giving him a new opportunity to make excuses because he himself has already received expensive lessons. By being prosecuted until becoming a person with bad credit Will affect financial transactions in the future Which giving an opportunity Not to support the wrongdoer But to help him to recover While those who pay the debt do not default, I appreciate that this money will go back to the next generation. And I talked to some banks, such as Omsin, who are also preparing to issue a package to help debtors as well, many of whom are trying to bring cases with good records compared to those who are about to fail financially. I want to say that people's life problems are not the same, which we may be lucky to make a living. There is a relaxation force, but many people may not be lucky. Are in trouble. We should not use our own feelings to judge or destroy the lives of others, just the letters on our fingertips, which I insist that we do not lose the encouragement to continue the mediation event, which will be held at the last stage in Muang Thong Thani on September 8-11, because there are still many people waiting to be helped. I understand those who come out to blame for helping their fellow human beings. Because he probably doesn't know the details, and never knows the tear stains of the people. How helpless, almost helpless?
"Napaporn" Ji "Prayuth" resigned before August 24, the 8th anniversary of the prime minister's death.|"Napaporn" Ji "Prayuth" resigned before August 24, believing this time the nickname "Father of Exclusion" would not help. List of MPs of the Ruam Thai Liberal Party Call for Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister hastened to take a political stance by announcing his resignation from the post of Prime Minister before August 24 in order to comply with the spirit of the Constitution that requires the Prime Minister to serve a term not exceeding 8 years so that there is no monopoly of power that can lead to a political crisis. Prayuth does not have to wait for the Constitutional Court to rule because he knows that he has been the prime minister continuously for 8 years since the seizure of power in 2014. Mr. Michai's Constitution Drafting Committee (KORN) has made it clear that Gen Prayuth will expire on August 24. Therefore, it is important to ponder whether to stay in a new conflict or to remove the bomb latch. Prayuth hopes to be able to pass the legal interpretation stage like many others. In the past, he was nicknamed the "Father of Exclusion". Prayuth would not be exempted again because of the records. And the provisional chapter is firmly bound that the counting of the term of the prime minister must be counted after the term of the prime minister. The NCPO too. Prayuth should hurry up and say "I've had enough" like former Privy Councillor Prem Tinsulanonda, because otherwise he could be ousted by the public without ever having the opportunity to say "I've had enough" again.  
Mp. Bhumjaithai Ting Chatchat The live stream smells of marijuana, it should be legal, not suing the viewer.|Bhumjaithai Mp Ting Chatchat ran to smell marijuana on Khaosan Road should be held legally liable, not sued by viewers in the live broadcast. Bangkok Governor Chatchat Sittipan made the revelation during a Facebook livestream. After jogging from the swing post, passing through Khao San Road and arriving at Rama 8 Bridge, he stated that while walking through Khao San Road, he saw people who had not returned home because they might have just finished traveling, as well as smelling of smoking marijuana. It expressed concern that it could have long-term consequences. The relevant authorities must come out to take care of Mr. Supachai Jaisamuth, a list mp of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP). Chairman of the Board of Trustees (KMT) Extraordinary Consideration of The Bill (Act) He said the issue of unlocking medical marijuana is one of the policies of the Bhumjaithai Party, which responds to the urgent policy of the government and builds on the policy of the Ministry of Public Health (MOPH) that has been in place since 3 years ago. now The Draft Cannabis Hemp Act B.E. 2564 (2021) is in the process of being refined, submitted to the Council for approval, but now the Ministry of Health has issued a notification to the Department of Health on "The smell of marijuana, hemp or any other plant as a nuisance B.E. 2565", effective starting June 15, 2022, empowering police officers, local officials to be punished with imprisonment for not more than 3 months or a fine not exceeding 25,000 baht or both. It must be emphasized that smoking marijuana in public is definitely an offense. There is no need to go to any interpretation, which can be carried out by the local authorities in accordance with the law. In this case, where the governor ran to smell it, it is considered that he has suffered annoyance, and can report the case according to the law. Non-compliance with the law. "The next issue is that the supervision of khaosan entertainment venues is the authority of the district director. If someone smokes marijuana in public, they have to see if the county officials are fully responsible for overseeing the law, so why let people challenge the law until the governor runs through it himself." Mr. Supachai said, "Another issue that I would like to leave is another concern that we may have known for a long time that some entertainment facilities in Bangkok are illegally open until the morning after the time required by law. The governor may not have imagined that when you run, people should be able to go home and sleep because entertainment venues should be closed at night. Therefore, I would like to express this concern to the district authorities of Bangkok to carry out supervision""The governor is a government official, a local official, and has a duty to take action. If you are found to be breaking the law, you must follow the law, not just say it, do nothing, because the governor has the authority directly to the district director. At least run to the scene and see the problem, and the authorities should use the law to direct it, not sue the viewers live." Mr. Supachai recently mentioned Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health. As the head of the Bhumjaithai Party stated that thanks to the Governor of Bangkok for providing information, the Governor of Bangkok had to consult with the District Director.
"Anutin" holds the party's performance, leans fully in accordance with the rules, ready to lead the government.|Anutin Yanpat fought hard according to the rules. Put your work into battle. Do not slander competitors. He is not aiming but is ready to lead the government of Anutin Charnveerkul, deputy prime minister and minister of health, as the head of the Bhumjaithai Party. Speaking after launching his candidacy for the next election, He said he would do everything in his power to benefit southerners and Thailand as much as possible. We're not aiming for it, but we're going to do as much as we can. While competition in the southern regions is fierce, competing for policies that benefit the city and its people is something that everyone should do. violence There is no hatred, because the same goal is to serve the people in announcing on the stage, the Bhumjaithai Party will get 10 ministers. We didn't aim for anything. But we present the reality, because what we have is solidarity with the Bhumjaithai Party, proving that by serving in the Council, the Bhumjaithai Party has never broken the line. Do more for the people than for the people, never opposition, never damage the council. The Bhumjaithai Party has never been crazy. Otherwise, it will damage the council, and the people will condemn it because he chose to come to work. In most southern regions, the ruling coalition parties have to compete among themselves. Mr. Anutin said: "We are in the rules of the competition. We are never overwhelmed, we can do good, but every match has to be fully competitive to be within the rules, make a commitment, we play in the rules, we do not hurt our opponents. Do not damage competitors' reputations or slander competitors. We took the work as a guide for the people to trust and elect us, however, we didn't think we were fighting anyone. We present ourselves to serve the people, and we have made it clear that it is in our principles throughout. We never get into a fight, quarrel with anyone, or slander anyone. We look forward to work. Things that say never happened, such as a bridge over Koh Lanta has already happened, or in Krabi province, an elevated bypass has already happened. Many things have changed, this is what will make the public believe in the Bhumjaithai Party and Anutin. Tell me not to be intimidated. MPs convened a joint session of Parliament. He did not hear the news of the dissolution of parliament, but was ready for elections every day, said Anutin Charnveerkul, deputy prime minister and minister of health. As the head of the Bhumjaithai Party, he said that in the case of a joint session of parliament on August 15, 2022 to consider the constitutional assembly bill on the election of MPs, the Bhumjaithai Party did not have to mandate it. MPs are required to attend the meeting because they are already there. If you want to vote, you will vote according to the commissioners, and if the House is using turbulent politics like in the past, do you think that there will be a vote in time because it is the last day, it is up to the MPs and senators. Mr. Anutin said that he was not worried about the 8-year tenure of Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha because it was not his own thing, and we supported the Prime Minister as the head of government. Support in every way to lead the council until the end of the term. As for interpretation, it is a matter of law and the Constitutional Court. Meanwhile, the political future of the prime minister, if he is going to campaign for elections, will be a big one. The prime minister of any party must support that party, and that party is a rival, we are competing according to the rules, and the news that there will be a dissolution of parliament soon. Mr. Anutin said, "Here we are, so we came to Krabi today, launched the candidates, and then we went to Phang Nga. We've all prepared for it now, haven't heard the news, but we're prepared. Last year's political career Well-managed parties also have to prepare for elections, because they can happen at any time. The Bhumjaithai Party is ready for elections, and he has been saying for 3 years that he is ready every day. 
The government enumerates the people, rest assured. MPC raises interest rate policy without affecting public debt|The government asked for reassurance. MPC raises interest rate policy without affecting public debt Year-end forecast 61.3% per GDP State bank ready to freeze interest rate for as long as possible Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office He said the government's policy is to require state-owned banks to freeze lending rates for as long as possible and to issue measures to help debtors who have not yet recovered from the impact of COVID-19. To reduce the impact on citizens and entrepreneurs from raising the monetary policy interest rate of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) from 0.25% to 0.75% per annum. now Several state-owned banks have issued preliminary announcements that will freeze loan rates for as long as possible. It is expected that until the end of 2022, which will help promote savings and give people more purchasing power during the resumption of economic activity in the small industrial credit guarantee corporation (BOI), which plays the role of credit guarantee, ready to move forward with the government policy, fully assisting SMEs in all aspects as well. Emphasis on debt repayment flexibility for the overall public debt management picture. It is undeniable that the trend of rising interest rates will inevitably increase the cost of government borrowing, but with the Public Debt Management Office already having a risk management plan, there is no point in worrying. The floating rate is a fixed rate of 82%, while the impact of the exchange rate is not there because the government has only 1.8% foreign debt and has already closed all risks while FY2023, the government's loan cost management plan. From FY2022 to 48%, promissory note issuance will remain the same at 25%, while treasury bills and short-term loans from the market will decrease to 14% from 18%. Jun.2022 It was forecast earlier this year that by the end of fiscal year 2022, the public debt to GDP would be 62.69%. As a result, it is expected that by the end of fiscal year 2022, the proportion of public debt will be 61.3%." The goal is to keep interest rates at a level suitable for stable economic expansion and in line with inflation. The government has asked state-owned banks to freeze loan rates for as long as possible. And consider taking measures to take care of debtors who have not yet recovered from the impact of COVID-19. To reduce the cost burden of citizens and entrepreneurs. The government's borrowing costs are expected to increase. There is no point to worry about because the MPC already manages the risk of interest rate fluctuations and the loan cost management plan." 
"Thanakorn" Suan "Nattawut" cannot blame himself "Yingluck" for being prime minister for 8 years.|Government spokesman Suan "Nattawut" cannot blame himself "Yingluck" for being prime minister for 8 years because he rolled his eyes. Km. Sudsoi Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the case of Nattawut Sayakue, director of Family for Thailand, was "very serious". A private Facebook post said it was provided for in the Constitution. The prime minister has been in office for more than 8 years, and some lawyers have claimed that Prayuth's time as prime minister in a coup was a different matter from the prime minister's 60-year constitution. But if it were to the benefit of their own partisans, they would quickly clarify that it was a perfectly democratic constitution, just as they used to lead lawless mobs to pressure the majority of the country to admit institutional abuses. The destruction of public and private property is an expression of democracy. Even if the majority of the people of the country say in one voice that what they are doing is undermining democracy or that it must be done as is the case with amnesty laws, is it called democracy? If Mr. Nattawut says that the person who wrote the current constitution is not a politician, but a contractor. He believes that in the Party for Thailand this time, there is still a lot left. MPs are in short supply because only one contractor is waiting to receive orders from the president every day as well, Mr Thanakorn said, adding that the prime minister has never responded politically, working to save the people from a single affliction. As for saying that without the 2014 coup, former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra could also be an eight-year prime minister. I don't think it's possible that Ms. Yingluck can't stay for 8 years because she believes in someone, pushing the law so far that the whole country can't accept it. If you want to blame someone, blaming yourself is probably the most appropriate. The term of office should be left to the Constitutional Court to decide, and if the court decides, it must respect the decision. It's not that the judges don't match what they expected, it's hysterical. Another accusation against the Constitutional Court. 
Poll shows weakness "Uncle Tu" is angry, can't control emotions, "Ung Inc." lacks political experience.|SUPER POLL Pointing out the weaknesses of "Uncle Tu" is angry. Meanwhile, "Ung-ing" is still young. Political party popular vote section The Super Poll Research Bureau (SUPER POLL) released 2,025 samples of public opinion on strengths and weaknesses of who will be prime minister during 9 – 13 August 2022 on the top 3 strengths and weaknesses of who will be prime minister in the next election. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha was found. prime minister Have strengths, be loyal. 45.1% endured the burden of the country's crisis. 34.8% had a performance in reopening the country, reviving relations with Thailand and Saudi Arabia (34.0%), while weaknesses were not controlling their emotions. 55.0% stayed for 8 years, 51.5% were not good at solving stomach problems. 48.4% compared to Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, the leader of the Pheu Thai Party. 20.1% of the younger generation 43.7 per cent of the daughters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra (46.3 per cent) and 42.8 per cent are inexperienced in politics. 40.0% and are concerned about decisions made under political pressure. 32.0%, Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Party Leader Pracharat Have strengths, be loyal. 29.3% had a wide network of influence management circles. 39.2% worked to solve human trafficking, provide food, manage water, and 30.9% worked to solve drought. 62.7% did not have time to go to the area, 36.0% and public relations. 34.9 per cent, while Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Only 16.1 percent of the younger generation has strengths and loyalty. 41.4 per cent were good at speaking, 36.1 per cent were weak, and 36.1 per cent were ineffective. 35.9 per cent lacked political prestige and 36.4 per cent lacked access to the villagers. 35.8% for Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health and Party Leader; Proud Thai Have strengths, be loyal. 41.3% praised better care for covid patients. 45.9% had the ability to complete business successfully. 40.7 per cent, while the weak point was the lack of people to help them reach the area, 49.8 per cent did not promote themselves. 37.2 per cent and 30.8 per cent spoke poorly when asked about Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit's strengths. The Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce and the head of the Democratic Party found loyalty. 34.7 per cent have political experience, 43.9 per cent and Mr Chuan Leekhai 41.4% supported, while weaknesses failed to resolve disagreements in the party. 56.8 per cent of respondents were inconspicuous, 35.4 per cent did not see their work. However, it is worth considering when comparing the 1st and 2nd polls on the political parties that the people intend to choose if today is election day. The top five changes in political parties in the people's minds were the No. 1 Pheu Thai Party, the first time at 26.9 percent, but the second time down slightly to 25.1 percent, and the No. 2 Bhumjaithai Party, up from 14.2 percent. In the first time, it fell to 20.0 percent in the second time, the third place was the Pracharat Party with 22.3 percent in the first time, but it fell to 15.0 percent in the second time, the fourth place Democrat Party got 6.8 percent in the first time to 10.8 percent in the second time, and the 5th place far-right party got 6.9 percent the first time and increased to 8.8 percent in the second time. 
The 500 division formula does not go further. The 180-day deadline is not met.|Parliament meeting on Monday (Aug 15) on the constitutional assembly bill On the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs) for the next election, less than half of the members of parliament were present. As a result, the speaker of parliament had to close the meeting just 20 minutes after the start. Speaker of the House of Representatives He said before the consideration of Section 24/1 of the bill that there were members of both MPs and senators (senators). Only 349 people were present. Of the 727 members, the bill was considered after the 2021 constitutional amendment changed from using a single card to select both district and list MPs to split the system into two cards, with 400 district MPs and 100 list MPs. This caused the Election Commission (EC) to take action. It is proposed to calculate the list of MPs by taking all the votes of all parties together and dividing 100 according to the number of MPs on the list. Although they will be listed MPs and how many MPs will be allocated by each party after scrutinizing the bill, the Cabinet proposed it to the House in mid-November. As stipulated by Article 132 of the 2017 Constitution, the situation seemed smooth. The Pheu Thai Party could benefit greatly from the new system. As a result, parties seeking to block the Pheu Thai Party and smaller political parties that may not benefit from the new rules expressed disagreement and called for a change from division 100 to division 500, claiming that the constitution also stipulates to find a ceiling on the number of MPs that each party should receive or "MPs should have". In particular, MPs of the Pheu Thai Party viewed the amendment of the bill as unfair to match the proposed principles. In order for the quorum to be incomplete and the chairman of the meeting must finally close the meeting, so that when the council collapses and cannot consider this bill in time, it will have to use the first draft that has been proposed, which is the formula of division 100 as stipulated by the Constitution.
Go ahead with the 100-division formula after the council collapses. Small parties (probably) fall|A joint session of Parliament between MPs and MPs to consider the draft amendments to the Constitution act on the election of MPs was scheduled for 9.00 a.m., but the meeting could actually be opened at 10.00 a.m. and the Speaker of the House ordered the meeting to be closed by 10.00 a.m. 28 p.m. Since there was a presence before the vote on Article 24/1 (on the calculation of MPs, there should be a formula dividing 500) only 353 people, not having completed the quorum, is more than half, i.e. 364 out of 727 people, the legal effect is that the draft amendment of this law must be dropped because it does not meet the 180-day time frame and has to return to the draft law proposed by the Cabinet. This formula is similar to the 2019 election rules that resulted in smaller parties and rounding up a large number of MPs. Parliament must submit a draft law proposed by the Council of Ministers. The MINISTRY considered it within 10 days and sent it to the Prime Minister to wait 5 days before asking the King to propose to the next king. The leader of the New Power Party, the minority commissioner who proposed the 500 division formula, insisted that he would submit to the Constitutional Court to rule on whether the 100-division calculation formula would be contrary or contradictory to the constitution that requires the calculation of MPs.
Confused? To date, Thai political parties are only "united" with "created".|After Parliament overturned the 500 division formula in the Electoral Act, many smaller parties may not go further and join the big parties, or new political parties may have to spend their budgets and focus on submissions. More district MPs have been traumatized by the split conflict since 2005, leading to the 2006 and 2014 coups, coupled with epidemics, wars and recessions. New political parties often use the words "unite," "build," or have a party direction to revive the country's economy. But similar names may confuse voters, the "build" political parties are the "united" political parties, the "economic" political parties, namely the Thai Opportunity Party, focusing on solving economic problems at the foundation and labor level, while affirming on the democratic side and the Dare Party, whose party principle is pragmatism and focuses on solving economic problems. The former MP is the party's general secretary.
Madame Deere Vatanya announces her resignation from MP and Pracharat Party member|After yesterday (August 15) In the parliamentary session to consider the constitutional assembly bill (ACT). On the Election of Members of the House of Representatives (No..) (Electoral Act) Mr. Chuan, avoid the danger. President of the National Assembly Acting as the chairman of the meeting, which was considered on August 10, since before the resolution of Section 24/1, the quorum was not completed before the resolution, therefore, the latest meeting had to be closed. People's Democratic Party (PDP) He posted a message on Facebook announcing the shocking news of his decision to resign from his post as a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the Pracharat Party. By reasoning in the post. It states that when a council that is supposed to be a place for the people, it plays political games, destroying the faith of the people. It cannot meet the will of the people who give them hope. MPs have done their best and the representatives of the people cannot escape responsibility. Deere, as a member of the House of Representatives, considered himself resigning from his duties and becoming a member of the Pracharat Party from the first day Deere stepped in to join the Phalang Pracharat Party under the ideology of wanting to see Thailand overcome conflict. In spite of our country's good cost, it is a source of food production in the world. There is a strong financial sector, a highly competitive private sector, but over the past 10 years we have been caught up in political problems caused by domestic conflicts. The country's development was slow and difficult due to our own political instability after the 2017 constitutional law was enacted. Thailand has returned to the countdown to elections, although the 2017 constitutional law has become controversial for society, with many criticizing elections under the new constitution as undemocratic. However, the fact that it happened in the country at that time was that "supremacy is beginning to count back into the hands of the people again." The voices of the people, which had been softening for a time, are coming back louder. Especially on a day when the public will decide the crosshairs. MPs who act as their own representatives Despite what the rules look like, "Deere still believes in a democracy that will ultimately be screened and balanced," and that's why Deere decided to join the Pracharat Party by running as the 19th list MP to create a new alternative party for the people. Out of the loop of conflict between the two major parties, from the first day of the opening of parliament, May 22, 2019, until today, August 16, 2022, the anniversary of the 3-year parliamentary session entered the final year of the government's term. Over the past 3 years, thai political context has changed. Multifaceted battle of ideas Political ideology, both on the street and in parliament, has ultimately used the parliamentary platform as an important mechanism to drive its ideology. As a result, the People's Constitution was presented to the legislative process. discussion Criticizing the work of the government both in times of emergency and normal situations through the work of MPs in both the government and opposition parties, regardless of the dispute, but one thing that is clear is that "the use of the parliamentary platform as a tool and a place to rely on the people". Deere respects the decision-making rights of all MPs, whether divided by 100 or 500. And that's the advantage of democracy that gives all parties the opportunity to present their ideas together to find the best for the country. But no matter what your opinion is. Deere remains committed to the principle of acting on accuracy. By using the council as a solution to get a resolution of the problem. Over the course of 1,168 days as a member of the House of Representatives. Although on many occasions, Deere's MPs have both agreed and disagreed with the Pracharat Party as it appears in the news and not in the news, Deere has always been committed to acting as a representative through parliamentary mechanisms by using voting privileges and discussions to suggest opinions to the government through working in the parliamentary system. This has led to many criticisms of the work. Deere welcomes all comments to be corrected. Continue to improve their work. As for yesterday's incident that left the public wondering if Parliament can still be relied upon by the people? As a member of the House of Representatives Therefore, there is no denying the doubt of the people's faith in Parliament. It doesn't have to be which party or party we belong to. When the council cannot meet the will of the people who leave hope. Having done his best, the people's representatives could not escape their responsibilities, and Deere decided to resign from his post as a member of the House of Representatives and a member of the Pracharat Party. We would also like to thank General Prawit Wongsuwan. The party leaders and party executives have always been open to work and compassion, including their fellow members, MPs of the Pracharat Party and in the House. 
For Thailand to launch 93 candidates for the Isaan Congress, Seng Muan Suen San, the party office.|The Party for Thailand unveiled the names of 93 members of the House of Representatives (MPs). People from all 132 constituencies in the Northeast on Tuesday (Aug 16), with the exception of Kalasin, Udon Thani and Bueng Kan provinces, are still under consideration to click on the names of Kalasin Province, Khon Kaen, Chaiyaphum, Nakhon Phanom, Nakhon Ratchasima, Bueng Kan, Buriram, Maha Sarakham, Mukdahan, Yasothon, Roi Et, Loei, Sisaket, Sakon Nakhon, Surin, Nong Khai, Nong Bua Lamphu, Udon Thani, Ubon Ratchathani. "The Pheu Thai Party is determined to make the lives of the brothers better, better than today, better than the last 8 years when the brothers had a lot of debt in their pockets." Ms. Paethongthan said Mr. Prasert Chanchanwongthong Pheu Thai Party secretary-general and MP Nakhon Ratchasima said the atmosphere today was a fun sight. At the same time, the Pheu Thai Party is a political party that has been practical in the past, and in the future it will have good policies. The party's secretary-general said on Sunday (Aug. 14) that the Pheu Thai Party had gained the trust of the people of Kalasin province. With the party's mayoral candidate winning by a landslide, the next general election is believed to have opened up a "landslides" phenomenon based on the party's aspirations. The leader of the Pheu Thai Party and MP Nan said that the Pheu Thai Party is committed to the principles of democracy and adheres to working with the people at the center for the well-being of the people today and the opportunity to develop the country for future generations to have a good quality of life. The brothers sensed. Those are still the way we use it, and we will always act for the people." Mr. Cholnan said.
Prayuth voicing the media, the electricity bill only rises to the satang, but the headline is too strong, chasing to study the truth 4.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister criticized the media on Tuesday (Aug 16) for making headlines about raising electricity bills too strongly. Until the general public mistakenly believes that the price increase is several baht. In fact, the number of satangs is 5 baht per unit"Is everyone to understand, not the headlines have risen to 5 baht and then 4 baht. "The Prime Minister said raising electricity bills as inevitable. Gen Prayuth also advised the media to understand the reasons for raising electricity prices, similar to the 4 principles in Buddhism, which consist of suffering, samuthai, niroth, makka, as well. Understanding the cost of living and utility costs of the people. Prayuth was questioned how much he had. He was also asked by members of the House of Representatives (MPs) from the opposition party to debate in the House of Representatives about staying in a civil servant's residence in a barracks. You don't have to pay for your own water and electricity. However, in December 2020, the Constitutional Court ruled that Prayuth's stay in a military barracks was in accordance with Army regulations.
Spotting the life of a black cat in Government House #วันยกย่องแมวดํา|On National Black Cat Appreciation Day, August 17, 2022, the Sanook news team took a look at the cuteness of the Government House's "Mole-Hitler-Charcoal-Onyx" that will make you change your attitude to black cats if you remember. On March 26, 2019, two days after the election, there was a news photo of "Black Cat running in front of the Prime Minister". After the NCPO meeting And it's dusting about forming a government. Moreover, the hatred rhetoric of black cats is even more reinforced in Thai society. Despite the fact that these cats are like ordinary cats after the news of the anonymous black cats made the cats in the palace, during the government. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha is more well-known, especially the four black cat gangs that are the hallmarks of the people in Government House: Hitler, Charcoal, Mole and NilSanook. Attachai Haad Aan Nong Chacoal "Hitler" is a male cat of Thai mixed breed white and black, about 3 years old. Female cat The "mole" is a male cat of the Thai mixed breed with a black body. White face There are black bamboo-like spots on the face. Thai mixed female cat with black color Charcoal's girl friend, who often roams around together to look like the four twins, is a stray cat who wanders into the rain and takes shelter under the eaves of a government house building. Although the House prohibits cats, with pity for journalists, staff and shops, they provide food and funds to sterilize and vaccinate them. Ready to teach cats to live and eat as a way. In order not to disturb civil servants and political officials or people who come into contact with the government and not to create filth in the civil service field while the "mole-hitler" is an introverted meat cat, "onyx" died from being bitten by other animals. "Charcoal" became a love child in the journalist's nest, often stopping by to take pictures and play with Charcoal. Relax reporters when they're on a break from journalism, or in the middle and end of the month, they'll have Charcoal help draw the numbers. In addition, the black cats in the palace control the insect-filled government house ecosystem. Rats, squirrels, silver and gold, etc.
Lampang MP hijacks Prayuth to help with electricity bills The people can't bear it.|Mr. Kittikorn Lohsoonthorn Mp. Lampang Pheu Thai Party as Chairman of the Energy Committee of the House of Representatives In the case of the Energy Regulatory Commission, The electricity tariff was increased by 68.66 satang per unit for a total of 93.43 satang per unit, resulting in an average tariff of 4.72 baht per unit. This is mainly due to the need to import liquefied natural gas to replace gas. Nature in the Gulf of Thailand and Myanmar, where volumes are falling, as well as volatile energy prices. As a result, the cost of electricity generation has increased.  Currently, the government provides electricity generating departments .... Bear the cost of higher electricity generation costs. At the same time, the government has delayed the FT adjustment for years. As a result, 100,000 million baht of revenue was lost. As such factors cause the PEA to lack cash flow, therefore, the PEA has no choice, so it is necessary to raise the FT fee, otherwise it will definitely affect the revenue and administration of the agency. Even if private power plants are not fully produced, they should reduce the profit that the state has to pay. It is called a profit lock in advance for a period of 20-30 years, so the government asks to share profits from the private sector for about 1-2 years to help the people. During the crisis of the country. Because the current electricity capacity in Thailand is more than necessary," Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha must dare to do for the people. Don't choose to push the burden on the people, but should urgently find measures to help reduce the burden of higher electricity bills for the people because the economic conditions and livelihood of the people are very difficult. Reduced incomes and increased expenses, coupled with higher electricity bills, have resulted in many families experiencing higher problems. I ask General Prayuth to show his willingness to help the people more fully." Mr. Kittikorn said.
Thaksin suggests Prayuth will be able to stay at home for 8 years, warning that he will lose faith.|Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said during a discussion on the clubhouse app with Care Kid Mobile Thailand on Tuesday (Aug 16). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence stepped down when they completed their prime ministerial positions. "I think the best thing is for the peace of the city, for the future of your children... Your year is step down. "I think today we have to think well, think well, for the sake of all parties. I think the Prime Minister is better off going home," Mr Thaksin said. It noted that the constitution that emerged after the 2006 coup always had itself as a flag to draft. They hope to prevent themselves or anyone from their side from holding office for long periods if they are popular. Therefore, the 2017 constitution restricts the prime minister from holding office for more than 8 years", which is the word 8 years, because the drafting of the constitution after the revolution, the drafters will always see my face, what will I do there, will keep me here," the former prime minister said. It's been 8 years since I've had to quit. Today, 8 years old, people are not popular, they are not willing to quit, it is against ethics. "I don't want people to grow roots," the former prime minister said. "If the Constitutional Court interprets it any way, then the court is deteriorating, the prime minister has deteriorated, his credibility and respect are all gone, so today I think 8 years is enough." Mr Thaksin said: "You don't have to let the court lose one person. Therefore, I think in principle it should be enough," the former prime minister commented that Prayuth's desire to stay longer than 8 years was due to fear of prosecution when he lost power.
A government spokesman reiterated Prayuth is not dissolving parliament.|Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said on Wednesday (Aug. 17) that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister will not dissolve the House of Representatives and will continue to do their best during the remaining time, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said. Mr. Thanakorn also denied the news that the Election Commission (EC) had issued another statement. Enact regulations on state resources to support the dissolution of parliament that are unlikely to be related.
"Thanakorn" resigns as government spokesman, prepares to become MP|"Thanakorn" resigned as a government spokesman, ended his role, prepared to become an MP, thanked the media for supporting his work. Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office He said he had submitted his resignation letter. Yesterday evening (17 August 2022) marked the official termination of the role of spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office. We sincerely thank the media for their continued support. Everyone's cooperation and support is encouraging. This makes it possible to drive public relations. The prime minister's mission over the past 1 year has been a smooth success. Although they will have to change their roles to serve the people, they are still willing and ready to coordinate with the media. For the benefit of the Prime Minister and the government. 
Revealed assets, permanent secretary, treasury, rich 64 million, meeting premium only 9.8 million baht|Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission Disclosure of the list of assets and liabilities of Mr. Krisda Gina criticized. Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance In case of filing every 3 years throughout the period of his tenure as a government official, Mr. Krisda informed of divorce status. On February 2, 2012, he had 3 legitimate children who had reached the age of majority. The company has total assets of 64,379,887 baht, divided into deposits of 45,691,574 baht, investments of 8,618,313 baht, 1 plot of land in Mueang District, Phrae province, valued at 2,000,000 baht, 2 houses and buildings, which are condominiums in Pak Kret district, Nonthaburi province, and condominiums in Bang Sue district, Bangkok, with a combined value of 4,890,000 baht, and 1 vehicle valued at 3,180,000 baht. Mr. Kritsada informed that there is a debt of 374,405 baht, which is a loan from banks and other financial institutions. The amount of 18,426,021 baht is divided into salary 1,943,627 baht, position allowance 252,000 baht, remuneration 252,000 baht, remuneration 492,000 baht, meeting allowance 9,807,014 baht, customs prize 5,679,379 baht. Annual expenses of 1,969,240 baht divided into residential mortgage payments of 174,000 baht, insurance premiums of 100,000 baht, accumulated funds. 138,240 baht, 600,000 baht for consumption, 30,000 baht for parental support, 927,000 baht for donations. The assessable income under the Revenue Code is 2,951,784 baht.
"Chatchachart" thanked the Bangkok Council for approving a budget of 79 billion baht. Lean is used cost-effectively.|Chatchachart thanked the Bangkok Council after approving the 2023 budget of 79 billion baht today (August 18, 2022). The Chairman of the Bangkok Council presided over the extraordinary general meeting. The second session (1st) of the year 2022 was attended by Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok. The executive committee, members of the Bangkok City Council and related agencies attended the meeting. Re: Budget expenditure for fiscal year 2023 amounted to 79,719,012,050 million baht. With 48 votes in favour, 0 against, 0 abstentions, 1 abstention, Bangkok Governor Chatchat Sittiphan said, "Thank you to the Chairman of the Bangkok Council. Deputy Chairman of the Bangkok Metropolitan Council and all members of the Extraordinary Committee who helped to consider the draft Bangkok Ordinance. Re: Budget expenditure for fiscal year 2023 to pass Agenda 3 The management will take the observations for consideration and practice.
Court sentenced to 860 years in prison! Xiao Zichai, former chief executive of Kritsada Mahanakhon Recoup another 8 billion|Corruption court sentenced to imprisonment Xiaoichai, 860, his son and his 38-416-year-old son, were charged with money laundering derived from the Krungthai Bank and Kritsada Mahanakhon bank loans together to pay over 8 billion debts to the Central Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct. Railway Road, Taling Chan District The court is scheduled to hear the case of money laundering. Black No. 214/2018 filed by the Prosecutor of Special Litigation Division 4 as the plaintiff. Mr. Vichai Kritsadathanon, 83 years old, former executive of Kritsada Mahanakhon No. 1, Mr. Rajada Kritsadathanon, 56 years old, son of Mr. Vichai, former authorized director of Bonus Bourne Co., Ltd. 2, Mr. Commander Yindee, 63 years old, former authorized director of RK Professional Co., Ltd. and Golden Technology Industrial Park Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Kritsada Mahanakhon 3rd Public Company Limited, Ms. Petcharat Thepsamritporn, 51 years old, former secretary of Mr. Ratchada IV, Mr. Papop Saroma, 69 years old, who are named as directors in 3 companies, comprising: RK Co., Ltd., Golden Co., Ltd., Grand Computer & Communication Co., Ltd., and Mr. Teerachote Promkhun Aged 58 years, an employee of Kritsada Mahanakhon Public Company Limited No. 6, together as defendant No. 1-6, for the offense of money laundering under the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2547, Sections 4, 5, 9, 60 and 83 and 91 of the Criminal Code. After the loan approval of Krungthai Bank, the victim wrongfully gave to Kritsada Mahanakhon Pcl. and its affiliates. The six defendants, along with several others, conspired to launder money that had been wrongfully approved for loans. The amount of 10,400,000,000 baht by using a juristic person company that the 1st and 3rd defendants have the authority to act on their behalf to transfer and receive money transfer by Ms. Petcharat, the 4th defendant, secretary of Mr. Ratchada. The 2nd defendant was responsible for providing commercial bank accounts and trading accounts of other persons in order for the 1st defendant and them to use the proceeds from the offense to trade securities in the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET). Grand Computer Co., Ltd. then used to pay the debt for the purchase of convertible shares of Kritsada Mahanakhon Pcl. The 6th defendant, who is the driver of Mr. Vichai, a former executive of Kritsada Mahanakhon Public Company Limited. The 1st defendant opened a commercial bank account for Mr. Vichai to transfer the money obtained from the offense and then took the bank's cheque that the 1st defendant ordered to be disbursed in cash according to the order of Mr. Vichai, the 1st defendant. Defendant No. 3, ex-kg. Instead, they took the money and issued a cheque and deposited it into a different person's account before withdrawing cash to buy shares and land. It was not related to the restructuring of the debt, which was done for the personal benefit of the six defendants and them, and was not in accordance with the purpose for which the loan was filed. The actions of the 6th defendant against them were transferred. Transfer or change of property in connection with the commission of an offence or for concealment. Conceal the source of the property or to help others avoid punishment or lesser punishment. Or commit an act to conceal, disguise the acquisition. The transfer of assets related to the offense, which was a conspiracy to launder money, totaled 141 crimes at the end of the prosecution's case, asking the court to convict the defendant of the offense and count the penalty. Mr. Vichai, Mr. Rajada and Mr. Commander The 1st and 3rd defendants in this case were sentenced to 12 years imprisonment each by the Supreme Court of the Criminal Division of the Political Office, in the case of loan fraud between Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited and Kritsada Mahanakhon, which was also sentenced to 12 years in prison by the Supreme Court. The six defendants refused, and the court considered the evidence and found that the six defendants had committed an offence under the Money Laundering Act. Sections 5, 9, and 60 of the Criminal Code According to Section 91, the 1st defendant committed 133 offenses including 860 years imprisonment, the 2nd defendant committed 28 offenses including 118 years imprisonment, the 3rd defendant committed 52 offenses totaling 416 years, the 4th defendant was sentenced to 38 years in prison, the 5th defendant committed 25 crimes totaling 235 years, and the 6th defendant committed 39 offenses, including 262 years imprisonment. 20 years each
Council meeting to consider The Budget Act on the 4th day|The 4th day of the Budget Act was quite chaotic, and the quorum was not completed before the resolution passed Section 24 into Section 25. To consider the bill, the budget for the fiscal year 2023 with a limit of more than 3 million 100 billion baht, agenda 2 for the 4th consecutive day, which resumed at 10.00 a.m. after the chairman of the meeting at 01.55 a.m. Of the 100,000,000 200,000 previously, MPs and commissioners from both the ruling and opposition parties discussed the same direction and pointed out that the Ministry of Education received a large budget because it was an important ministry, but it was not able to solve the problem of inequality, neither to improve the education system or to increase the potential of students to keep up with the changes. In addition, the system is put in place so that teachers do not have time to improve teaching and learning or pay attention to students as much as they should. A large budget is a regular expenditure on personnel that only increases every year before the resolution on Section 24. Served as chairman of today's meeting. Call members into the room to present themselves and count the quorum. The chairman of the meeting still insisted that he would wait for the members, even if they waited half a day, to carry out the task of considering the draft budget. It was proposed at the meeting that if the members were still waiting, fearing that it would be prolonged, the whips of each party would discuss it together. Request that the meeting be adjourned in order to wait for a quorum to be completed, so as not to waste time. As a result, many people have to give up their time during the holidays. Some of you have to leave your plane ticket, so I want to be sympathetic, but the president still insists that I will wait for the members to continue the meeting. The atmosphere of today's meeting was a little chaotic before the resolution on Article 24 at around 11.00 am.
"Anutin" is confident that Proud Thai is a good trend, pledging that if it is the government, it will raise the level of tourism.|"Anutin" assured. Proud Thai Good Stream Chiang Rai pledged that if it becomes a government, it will raise the level of tourism throughout the region and promote a 3-year moratorium on public debt. After completing the activity, Mr. Anutin met with Mr. Ekapop Peerawit and Mr. Peeradej Khamsamut, who in the next round will be the candidates of the party. Thanks to the space of party members and chiang rai brothers. He is a rat who is ready to help you, just ask for an opportunity from you. Look to the opposite side, see prosperity. Partly because he has a casino, he has to think that some things we have to cause, but they have to be controlled. Have a better life. The space has more money coming in, meeting siblings. Today, he appreciated his work and thought that earning 1,000 baht per month and adding 500 during COVID-19 was not enough to make sacrifices. Less hospitalizations, that budget should be used to reward the hard work of the M.E.M. who is sure that the future will have to face a lot of hard work. Because you are already known as the first doctor, your responsibilities must increase. The other thing is that he has seen people struggling a lot during COVID-19. There are loans. From doing business before. What the debtor needs is time. We need to give people time to find money to pay off their debts. The Bhumjaithai Party has a 3-year debt suspension policy, only those who owe not more than 1 million baht that are communicated can definitely do it, especially when Bhumjaithai becomes the government, has worked on some things, done without ever having to say it, such as the free dialysis policy of 30 baht treatment everywhere, etc. Meanwhile, the northern provinces It is a world-class tourist destination, but in the past, it seemed like a dead end, because different people do, there is no one to integrate to help each other, it is time to raise the level of tourism, seeing that there must be a fund for each province to bring back to develop tourist attractions and utilities, maybe 300 million baht. up to 500 million baht, but believe that per year When each province has upgraded its own tourist attractions, there will definitely be trillions of baht flowing back into the country. Some see our policy as a cost, but the Bhumjaithai Party sees it as an opportunity for the people. In trying to create money in circulation in the economy, it is to move money into the pockets of the people. When people spend, the state gets taxes. It's not a cost, it's an opportunity for the country.
Prime Minister Prayuth "Somchai" pointed out that the Court has 2 approaches.|"Somchai" pointed out that the 8-year-old prime minister of the Court has 2 ways to see the acting prime minister must use the same norms as "Yingluck", believing that the people's movement affects the decision. Ask the Constitutional Court to rule on Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's eight-year term of office. The Prime Minister said that, as far as he knew, the House of Representatives would submit a petition to the Constitutional Court for interpretation on Monday (Aug 22), which would have to wait to see if the court would accept the petition or order it to stop performing its duties. Both possibilities are accepted and considered, with the forecast to take 2 weeks-1 to consider. Another approach is to receive and order the termination of duty, which is a different approach depending on the court's decision. This is unpredictable. However, it is expected to take a short time to consider, as it is only a legal consideration, which can be commented on immediately by each court. If it is a disagreement, a majority vote is required. I think if the ruling is against the Prime Minister, it won't be a problem. However, if the 8-year sentence expires on August 24, the Prime Minister must terminate his duties as soon as the court decides. Gen Prayuth will not be able to act, according to Vishnu Kuangngam. The Deputy Prime Minister gave an interview yesterday, as it was an individual matter, and raised the case of Former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, where the Constitutional Court ruled to terminate her duties, which should be the same norm. Mr. Somchai sees it as the right of the Prime Minister, but he cannot press for what to do, but if he sees that something is beneficial to the country, he should exercise that right. There is a wave of pressure against it. Being in a position wouldn't be good. Because it is not possible to keep the city in peace. It depends on the decision on what to do, and political groups start moving to press the issue. Whether or not it affects the prime minister's decision depends on the development of the situation, on the support of the people, and on how the situation will develop further. If the majority approves and attends a large gathering, it could be part of the prime minister's decision. But if it is only a small group of people, it will not produce anything, all is unpredictable, depending on the situation.
The Council is down again! After the meeting, the thai side hijacked the panscopes to insert the cards instead.|Bad signal After the House of Representatives considered the 2023 Budget Bill in its 2nd session for 4 days, but only 28 of the 40 sections were passed, although the resolution went well, the meeting agreed with the draft amendment by a majority of all the commissioners. Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives The 1st person, who presided over the meeting, pressed the doorbell to call the members into the meeting room to check the quorum, but found that the id card insertion system had a problem. Sitting in a conference room but not plugging in the final ID card. Mr. Suchart informed the meeting that it was very late today, so he asked to adjourn the meeting at 01.57 a.m. and reschedule the meeting on the same day (August 20) at 10.00 a.m. Of the proposed 84,777 million baht, the majority of MPs focused on the work and investment of the provincial waterworks authority and asked for more budget cuts until 6.30 pm. Mr. Suchart Press the doorbell to signal members to insert their id cards to check the quorum before voting to approve or disapprove of the section. It turned out that the number of members in bangta meeting room caused Mr. Suchart to ring the doorbell again and asked Mr. Niroth Suntorn, secretary of the Pracharat MP. As chairman of the Government Coordinating Committee (Government Whip), he went to the MPs who were in the dining room to present himself, but to no avail. Chiang Rai MP, Pheu Thai Party, asked the president to order a camera pan to prevent anyone from inserting the card instead. The chairman of the meeting warned the members that it was not appropriate to do so. Because it is unethical and there are already examples. However, the chairman of the meeting waited for 8 minutes, but the members came, so he ordered the meeting to be closed at 6.38 p.m. and rescheduled the council meeting. On Tuesday (Aug. 23) at 1 p.m.
The Prime Minister is concerned about investors being scammed by fraudsters.|The Prime Minister is concerned about investors, considering all aspects before making any investment decision. Remind recipients of product-service review advertisements to increase caution. May be a participant in the offense of Ms. Traisuli Trisaranakul. Deputy prime minister's office spokesman Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense There is concern for people who seek investment channels and scams occur, especially through online channels, such as online sharing cases where there is a scam to invest money in various assets claiming to give high returns. Investments are managed by a team of experts, whose sharing scams have long since changed and are now on an online channel that reaches a large number of people. This makes it more likely to cause damage. The Prime Minister therefore expressed concern to the people looking for investment to consider the risks from investing thoroughly. Understand the risks and do some research and consider carefully before making a decision. Especially using famous people as presenters. Offering higher returns than it should be. It said that the recipients of advertisements or product reviews, whether they are well-known celebrities or the general public, are asked to consider the products and services that are hired to see if there is a chance of damage or impact on society. Otherwise, they could become co-perpetrators of public fraud. In the case of FOREX-3D cases with damages and a large number of people being deceived. The actors got involved. The Prime Minister has ordered an investigation to be conducted. Take legal action so as not to set the wrong example. It said people are asked to study all aspects of the information before making an investment decision, regardless of form or channel. Don't be fooled by ads easily, especially investments that claim high returns. Request to invest with a legitimate financial institution or company. Have a credible track record so you don't fall victim to scams. 
"Thanakorn" won all parties to wait to hear the court's decision.|"Thanakorn" won all parties waiting to hear the court's decision. Do not step forward, direct, or threaten the protest movement, pressuring the Prime Minister and embracing the verdict. Tuck certainly doesn't behave like some former leaders. A former spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Pheu Thai Party continues to criticize the eight-year tenure of Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and the defense minister, saying he would urge all parties not to overstep the constitutional court's authority not to speak out to confuse the public. Confusing the public in exchange for having their name in front of the daily media. Not worth it. It only causes conflict in the city. Today, the country has overcome the conflicts of the Thai people themselves. Never try to pull back to the same spot again. It is best to wait for the decision of the Constitutional Court to be the most appropriate, not to threaten to protest, which is no different from a pressure movement, which is considered extremely inappropriate and inaccurate. He confirmed that the prime minister is a military man who is ready to accept the court's decision and will not behave like some former prime ministers, who were dissatisfied with the verdict, fled abroad and gave an interview to undermine the ruling to call for a daily vote. He said he believed the court would not take long because the prime minister's eight-year tenure was a legal issue. There is no point in seeking evidence to prove anything else. Continue to act, believe that there will definitely be chaos. Mr. Thanakorn said Mr. Somchai is a thing of the past. He has a good knowledge of the law, and he knows that to say that if the Prime Minister continues to act, he believes that there will be chaos, it is a step beyond the jurisdiction of the court. It is clearly suggestive. He did not want to see Mr Somchai use his legal knowledge in this way. Anything that says and thinks you've got a point is all said. I don't care about the principles. It is best to look at Mr. Vishnu Kuangam. The deputy prime minister is considered by Thais to be a legal guru. He never came out with any guidance, except for the tabernacles who liked to take his interviews as suggestion, and he never came out in any way with those who were gushing him, because he was in a respectful adulthood, not an adult who made a price to call for someone to respect. It is understood that Mr Somchai has already circled many parties. But today, one should choose what kind of future to move on, whether to be respected as a lawyer, or to complain about the regret that was once respected.
The Thammasat Coalition said Prayuth had to resign because of his 8-year term.|Thammasat Coalition and Networking Rally Prayuth resigned from his post as prime minister on the eve of his 8-year term on Aug. 24, along with hijacking the House of Representatives to elect the prime minister today (Aug. 21) at 10 a.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and the defence minister, who will serve eight-year terms on Aug. 24, said in a statement. It states that for more than 8 years, the government has put in place a mechanism for the succession of powers through the Constitution. Gen Prayuth continues as prime minister, but the 2017 constitution provides for the term of office of prime minister in Article 158, paragraph 4, that the prime minister cannot hold office for more than eight years. Whether it's tenure. However, the period during which he continued to perform his duties after his retirement and Section 170 paragraph two provides that the prime minister's ministerial tenure ends at the expiration of section 158 paragraph 4. Gen. Prayuth has been prime minister since August 24, 2014, and the 2017 Constitution, Section 264 provides that the cabinet that administers the national government on the day before the date of promulgation of this constitution shall be the cabinet according to the provisions of this constitution. We would like to send a message to the Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court and the Judiciary of the Constitutional Court for the Court to complete the decision on the counting of the 8-year tenure of the Prime Minister in accordance with the 2017 Constitution by August 24, 2022. Gen Prayuth has suspended his duties as prime minister from August 24, 2022, until the decision is completed. Ask Parliament to expedite constitutional amendments to reduce the power of the Senate. Article 272 to eliminate the Senate's power to elect the Prime Minister before the upcoming elections. There are the following provisional demands before the election: 1. Gen. Prayuth must immediately resign as prime minister; 2. If Prayuth refuses to step down, the Constitutional Court must complete its decision by August 24, 2022, and 3. Parliament shall amend Article 272 of the Constitution to completely eliminate the Senate's power to elect the Prime Minister before the upcoming elections.
"Jurin" Pad replied, Chu "Prawit" is the Prime Minister. If there is a political accident. 8 years old|"Jurin" is not worried about the prime minister for 8 years. Decisive, brushing off "Prawit" while not making candidacy to fight, while "Narapat" is confident. Northern Mp adds Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, as the head of the Democrat Party, said that the Democrat Party was not prepared for the 8-year term. Everything is normal today as a coalition government and Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha is also prime minister, which is still working well with the ruling coalition party, so there is no concern. We have to wait for the constitutional court's decision. Because it is considered final and binding on all organizations. Meanwhile, Mr. Jurin did not comment on the news. In the event of a political accident, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan will be nominated as prime minister, reiterating that today General Prayuth is still prime minister, everything must follow the system, and the Democrat Party joins the government on the condition of supporting Gen Prayuth as prime minister. If it is another condition, it is a matter that has not yet happened, so he does not want to say anything in advance, Mr. Jurin also mentioned that the northern candidate is now almost 100% progress. It is still with almost all Democrats, and there are new candidates to bolster the army in many districts, including Chiang Mai. Is the northern area increasing? Let it be Mr. Narapat's duty. Kaewthong, deputy leader of the Northern Party, is the assessor. The numbers are still unstable. But he already has the numbers in mind, which must be more than before, because of the last election. Only 1 northern MP because of a political accident, Mr. Narapat assured that the next election will be won by the MP. The district has been increased from 62 to 71, with both new and old candidates joining the party.
The group began to unite the people, counting down 8 years to oust "Gen. Prayuth".|The first day of mass gatherings began, the masses gradually began. As the rain fell heavily, the atmosphere at the town square in front of Bangkok City Hall today was attended by a group of people. Led by Jatuporn Promphan, chairman of the National Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship (UDD), and Mr. Nitithorn Laungsaeng, or Lawyer Nok Khao, from the Thai people's group along with the group, organized a rally to oust Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Prime Minister Prayuth called the 8-year countdown event at the civic plaza from Aug. 21-23. Most of the crowd wore white T-shirts with the message "Stop 8 years, clear some of the crooks, cheat, power madness, slavery, plunder of the nation. In addition, before the start of the activity, the rain fell heavily, forcing the masses to bring pads to protect themselves from the rain. Wearing raincoats, seeking shelter and music activities will continue, with a press conference from the leaders at 5 p.m.
"Parina" property opened, less rich 49 million, but still 119 million, found land and cows, decreased a lot.|National Anti-Corruption Commission Open an asset and liability account Ms. Parina Kraikupt When retired S.S. Ratchaburi Pracharat Power Party On March 25, 2021, Parina informed that there are total assets of 119,669,910.69 baht, divided into personal property in the amount of 112,138,610.20 baht and the property of minor children, which is a bank deposit of 7,531,300.49 baht, with a total liabilities of 28,429,118.15 baht. Another 7,700,000 baht consists of: His Majesty Bang Khun Phrom printed yarn worth 2,500,000 baht, His Majesty the Queen mother embossed yarn valued at 3,500,000 baht and 50 cows. The value of 1,700,000 baht for this asset statement showed that Ms. Parina's assets decreased from 62 to 49,996,885.28 baht when she took office, and her debts decreased by 1,302,293.74 baht.
Chuan Escape Has the Constitutional Court interpreted Prayuth as prime minister for 8 years?|Mr. Chuan Escape The Speaker of the House of Representatives said on Monday (July 22) that he would submit the petition to the House of Representatives (MP). The opposition parties went to the Constitutional Court to decide whether Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha's term as prime minister was 8 years, when the 2017 constitution, Article 158, states that a person may be prime minister for no more than 8 years, regardless of whether he holds office consecutively or not. Prayuth, after a coup against former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's government on May 22, 2014, appointed himself through the National Legislative Assembly as prime minister on Aug. 24, the same year. Prayuth will become prime minister for eight years on Aug. 23, 2022, according to a broader public understanding. The issue remains to be debated by many parties as to whether Prayuth's term as prime minister could begin from that date. Because it is a pre-constitutional position, some think that it should start from the date of promulgation of the constitution, some think that it should start from the date of the promulgation of the constitution, some think that it should be from the date of the adoption after the 2019 elections. Those who think Gen Prayuth should step down on Aug. 23 cited Article 264 of the 2017 constitution as a reason to be counted before the promulgation of the 2017 constitution because one passage stated that "the cabinet that administers the government of the country on the day before the promulgation of this constitution shall be the cabinet in accordance with the provisions of this constitution." Another reason to think that may confirm the term of office of Prayuth's decision to end this week is for the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Prayuth said he had listed his assets after the 2019 elections as prime minister since 2014.
Pareena threatened to sue the media for misrepresentation. He was convicted of raising chickens in the S.P.C., not trespassing.|Ms. Parina Kraikupt Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Ratchaburi Pracharat Power Party Posted on Facebook on Monday (Aug 22). The former MP claimed that the Supreme Court's ruling disqualifies him from politics for 10 years and disqualifies him from running for election for life. It is caused by a violation of the code of ethics by raising chickens on land allocated by the Office of Agricultural Land Reform (Land Reform ( Not just forest encroachment#ถึงสื่อมวลชน #อีกแล้ว Today, the media presented Pareena's assets to the public. The P.O.C. followed suit. Present accurately. But why did so many media outlets post pareena as a former MP who committed serious unethical acts for trespassing in the forest!!!! When all the media sat and listened to the Supreme Court verdict, there was not a single sentence of trespassing, but rather a punishment for Pareena. In the case of possession of chickens in the land, the S.P.K. at Parina does not have the qualifications to enter into the farm. 10 years of political disqualification and not holding any position for life, or that you don't understand that the MP and the forest are different. #ปารีณาผิดจริยธรรมทํากินในที่ดินสปกโดยไม่มีคุณสมบัติ," Ms. Pareena posted.
"Chatchachat" ordered an inspection of the inclined shophouse. Expected from the foundations.|Chatchachat Admittedly, it's a serious thing, a leaning shophouse, a safety loop. The Inspector General of Police inspected tomorrow, Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, governor of Bangkok, gave an interview on the case of a shophouse at the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit. 101/1 (Soi Piyabutr 2), Prakanong The building collapsed clearly. The technical details must be checked, that is, from the outside, there are no cracks, from a quick look, I personally think that it is probably about the foundation, which has been asked by the Bureau of Public Works to inspect and evaluate. The governor said it was serious because it affects the safety of both the outside and the people inside the building. First, we need to assess safety. See if there's still a continuation of the subsidence, or if it's stopped collapsing. We would like to thank the informant for letting us know that there is this issue, and if anyone encounters a case like this, please report it. We can inform via Traffy Fondue, we will help you to check it out, because sometimes there are details that we do not reach the reporter, report tomorrow (August 23) at 13.00 pm. Phra Khanong District Office and Mr. Thanet Weerasiri, President of the Engineering Institute of Thailand. Under the Royal Patronage or WST, the building will be inspected 101/1.
Containers and barbed wire were placed around the House to block the mob from sacking the prime minister for a term of 8 years.|The atmosphere in front of Government House after a group of people announced that they would be attending the event at Government House during August 23-24. In the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's 8-year tenure as prime minister Prime Minister around Government House Preparations were made for the rally, which was held today at a full-fledged cabinet meeting, where officials put up a steel fence with containers at the commercial intersection. On The Chamaymruchet Bridge, Phitsanulok Road, it is closed to traffic from Commercial Junction to Miss Kwan Junction. As a result, cars coming from Nang Loeng intersection must turn right at commercial intersection toward Rama 5 Road only, while rama 5 road beside Rajamangala University of Technology Phra Nakhon. After yesterday's containers were placed, a tree was placed in front of them and barbed wire was placed on the other floor of the container as the Makhwan Bridge area was built. On Ratchadamnoen Nok Road, officials placed containers with barbed wire fences to close two lanes on the left and right sides of the bridge, while also opening the main lane in the middle for normal traffic. 
8 years 8 catchphrases of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha (with clip)|After the 2014 coup and taking over as prime minister on Aug. 24, 2014, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has been in office for eight years, from the first day he promised to return happiness songs "Give me more time", or after saying that he was a soldier and not a politician 9 times, he began to admit that he was not a soldier, but a politician who had been a soldier. Taking office on July 16, 2019, during his eight-year term of service, Gen. Prayuth often had strange gestures or phrases that went viral. The Sanook news team gathered 8 catchphrases of Gen. Prayuth to read on the occasion of the 8th anniversary of Gen. Prayuth. On Jan. 16, 2020, at the Ministry of Education, he said: "I got from reading books, I read from opening websites, and I processed my stuff. So I wrote a little bit and I kept saying it because it was in my head, there were 84,000 brain cells, and none of the computers were as good as our brains." Especially in distrust discussions. On July 22, 2022, Gen. Prayuth had the opportunity to clarify, "I said a little too fast, I will say 840,000 million cells, not 84,000 cells. Supporting rubber plantations like this would have to be sold to Mars. I don't know whose idea it is, so we need to use some methods to reduce production costs. The price of tires will go up or down to the capitalists, who are millionaires, to help the government take care of them, to help buy things to sell, to stimulate the depressed products to rise. Today, companies are trying to tell them to buy rubber, make rubber gloves, make roads, which in fact is not worth it because it is expensive. Many people have suggested why not do this, but I would like to say that if you come to do it, it will not be as easy as you thought on July 8, 2015, during the drought crisis and falling rice prices. Gen Prayuth advised farmers to plant alternative crops such as Indian herbs and nettles at 800 baht per kg. And if it is shipped to India and processed back into medicine or something, the price has become 80,000 baht per kg. However, our belongings are still good at the moment. In the past, it was a bad idea because we had to strengthen farmers. God taught that if one were to make a man strong, he had to teach him how to fish, but not to eat fish. We are teaching farmers to learn, to access agricultural machinery, and in the past their incomes were low and they had to take out loans, and then the fields were confiscated." Complaining to the media that the company was tricked into selling thousands of baht of Indian nettle seeds. On September 4, 2019, Gen. Prayuth visited flood victims in Sukhothai province by taking the stage to talk to the victims about how to rent people's land to store water and create new jobs for the people. As a result, the public suffered. Therefore, it is necessary to see if the area there can be used as a monkey's cheek. If the area is already flooded, it will create new jobs for the people by finding fish and aquatic animals to provide jobs and food for the people. If you can't grow anything, collect water and fish instead, maybe it's better than growing rice in the existing problem. If we do the same, we can do the same," Prayuth visited the UK on June 20-22, 2018, and met with Theresa May. The then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at the 10th House of the Prime Minister's House on June 20 at 4.33 pm will discuss trade and investment in ASEAN and the move towards democracy in Thailand.Leon Neal/Getty Images Former UK Prime Minister Theresa May shake hands Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense In front of the Prime Minister's Residence or House at 10 Downing Street on June 20, 2018. May: Welcome, Britain and Thailand have a long history together. May: We have a lot of common commitments. May: Both security and trade Prayuth: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh May: And I am very convinced. May: And England is a popular destination. May: Thai Government Scholarship Student Prayuth: Ainoo Theresa May: In science and technology, Prayuth: Yes, miscarriage, theresa. May: I hope to strengthen the relationship. May: Anti-slavery Prayuth: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh May: And how do we leverage our abilities...hopefully there will be elections in Thailand Prayuth: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh May: Early 2019 Prayuth: Abortion Surepol Prayuth usually mentions at least 7 prayers in case of disasters, whether it is a storm or a COVID-19 pandemic, such as Jan. 10, 2021, which talks about praying again during a storm. And on September 26, 2021, the storm hit many provinces, the north, northeast, and central caused flooding, the prime minister said while visiting Sukhothai province. Last year, 64, 63, came in, 5 balls, this is one ball, a little jazzy, a little prayer, don't come again. One ball is enough," Prayuth said in a statement. And the C.E.C. The proposal to lock down Bangkok on June 25, 2021, with a team of doctors standing and whispering periodically, which the Prime Minister repeatedly said the word "Najh". In spite of the COVID-19 situation in Thailand, 3,000-4,000 people are infected every day, 20-40 people die every day, people have no food, lose their jobs, go bankrupt, causing a lot of criticism, pushing #นะจ๊ะ to be the number one trend on Twitter. In a statement on the government's fourth year of performance amid a wave of opposition to Prayuth's succession to power, the party has been elected by the Pracharat Party. He nominated himself as prime minister, although he had always said he was not interested in politics, with one passage: "I'm going to chase the minister, I'm going to fire the prime minister. Let's chase it, chase it, chase it. I'm not challenging, but I'm not leaving"These phrases that the Prime Minister has spoken are like a terrible joke that Thai people have encountered over the past 8 years.
#ม็อบ23สิงหา65 Deadline to oust dictators Settle down until midnight, burn the chili and cursed salt.|Today (Aug. 23, 2022) at 5:30 p.m., a group of independent masses gathered around the Democracy Monument. The Outgoing Central Rajadamnern (Feminist) organized a mob event to oust the dictator. Against the succession of the "Prayuth" government, the rally was opened with a mutelu ceremony. curse Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister, accompanied by a dance from "Min", a revolutionary dance group, before burning images of Gen Prayuth and burning peppers, burning cursed salt, and setting off firecrackers and fireworks in the sky at the Democracy Monument. It was also reported that the masses would settle down at the Democracy Monument until 12 p.m. to count down the evictions. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha resigns as prime minister
The new deputy government spokesman, On Tipanan, opened his mind before the election.|Today (23 August 2022), the Cabinet resolved to appoint Tipanan Sirichana. Lawyer, former candidate for Jomthong-Thonburi district MP and former deputy spokesperson of the Pracharat Party, is the deputy spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office. In the last round of the Council of Ministers before the expiration of his term in March 2023 or perhaps sooner. If there is a political accident, especially the issue of Prayuth Chan-ocha's more than 8-year tenure as prime minister, the speaker of the House of Representatives has just submitted to the Constitutional Court for interpretation. The Prime Minister's communication during this period is even more important, the Sanook news team interviewed On-Tipanan, a new member of the spokesperson team who is like a guard to the Prime Minister. She admits that it was a challenging time, both in terms of working to communicate information to the public. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has served as prime minister. There are many government works, but they have not been able to communicate to many other groups of Thais correctly. It's like a curry sauce, it's simmered until the end, but how to serve the people to be able to understand and see how the work of today benefits the people. Regardless of the group, profession, or area of Thailand, despite the opposition that the Prime Minister does not listen to the voice of the people. But she disagrees that the prime minister always listens to the voice of the Thai people. Notice the policies that have been put in place and have produced concrete results. Whether it is solving the problem of COVID-19 or any distress that you have heard from the field or receiving a report, it will be ordered to solve immediately, information that contains both real news and fake news, which is a lot of fast, accurate and easy-to-understand communication will help. She also has to do a lot of homework because a word can easily be distorted or interpreted in different ways, which in the end must be based on the principles of facts and truths about what we want to communicate and what the consequences really have on the people. Tipanan evaluates herself that her strength is spontaneity. A friendly conversation will make the audience open. The speaker was able to explain. Even if the first sentence may not be understood, it will be more understandable. Many people who come to criticize negatively may be because they are mistaken. If he knows the information correctly, clearly, and is easy to understand. He will have more information. Before commenting on anything, she said that her communication style wants it to be like a spicy taste, because communication is certain, not just us communicating directly or communicating academic information. It's trying to make it easily digestible for everyone and easy to understand when asked if you're afraid of touring down? Tipanan replied that he would not be afraid of the tour down because of the opinions of all the people. If it's a polite comment. Rationalize and show a useful attitude or approach to work. He joked that he is not a lightning rod, but a 5G communication cable that communicates every patch of Thailand's grass. Communicate information quickly and meet the needs that will really benefit the people, but if there is an anti-fan to criticize, you must listen to him. If he wants to talk, wants to explain, we need to listen. Communication is responsible for communicating and listening, so there is understanding between the two parties. Sometimes he wants to be listened to, he's willing to be a listener, because in order to win hearts or create understanding, not anyway, to attack him. Nobody wants to listen in the form of coercion, we have to hit the receiver's question correctly to see what he wants, there are many forms, or if at the moment we have to fight, or the moment when we have to communicate on the spot, there is no fear, then we have to tell the truth when asked if she is afraid of losing her job and coming to work during the transition. Tipanan said he is not afraid of losing his job because he works every day. We have another obligation to go to the area to meet the people, or even today when we are in this obligation, we do not forget the people in the area that we take care of, the Chom Thong area, Thonburi. Finally, she said, working now doesn't look like a final curve because every day is the first day to do your best." Now, many people say it's the last bend. There's no such thing as a final bend. Every day is a working day, every day is our first day. therefore Today we do our best, live in the present where we have to do our best. There is no word on the last bend. There's no word on doing it and there's a time limit," Tipanan said.
"Prayuth" does not come to work at the Palace. After the mob pressed all around, the tag #นายกเถื่อน hot over the day.|24 Aug 22 at Government House Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense did not come to perform their duties at the Thai Twin Fah Building as usual. At 9.30 a.m., the Prime Minister presided over a meeting of the Policy Committee to increase the country's competitiveness for targeted industries. No. 1/2022 via Video Conference system. Deputy Prime Minister Don Parramatta presided over the award. Prime Minister Award: National Startup 2022 and Prime Minister Award: Innovation for Crisis at Santi Maitri Building (inside) Government House for Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister presided over the 2nd Meeting of the National Cyber Security Committee 2/2022 via video conference system at the Meeting Room of the Joint Forest Conservation Foundation in 5 provinces. There are also strict entry and exit restrictions, deploying officers in the surrounding area, and preparing fire trucks. If there is an emergency, the traffic section around Government House. Phitsanulok Road is closed from Commercial Junction to Miskwan Park Intersection and Makhwan Rangsan Bridge. It is open to traffic only on the main lane 22. Parallel channels continued to line containers and barbed wire. It stretches all the way to Rama 5 Road at Commercial Junction, keeping an eye on the movement of protesters who announced their appointment to storm the Government House. At 2 p.m. On the same day, to pressure the Prime Minister to resign. The hot hashtag #นายกเถื่อน has been trending on Twitter since yesterday at the weekly Constitutional Court Tribunal meeting. The day begins at 10am. The meeting was scheduled to consider whether or not to accept the petition of the Speaker of the House of Representatives who asked the Constitutional Court to decide whether Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's ministerial status was constitutionally terminated, as well as a petition asking the court to stop performing his duties. For a clear time, it will be announced once again the atmosphere at the Constitutional Court this morning. The media caught up in the news amid the security guards at the Constitutional Court. Steel barriers were placed around the area for jurisdiction, but police officers were not deployed to escort them.
Congressman Te Sae "Prayuth" is a coward with white eyes. I didn't go to the House to thank you for passing the budget because I knew I wouldn't use it.|"Mongkolkit" pointed out that "Big Tu" is already a former prime minister, and last night did not enter the parliament to thank him for passing the budget because he knew that he would not use Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, the MP of the Thai Sriwilai Party. Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha is now a former prime minister because he ended his tenure as prime minister at midnight and the cabinet has also been out of office. In addition, Mr. Mongkolkit considered that Gen. Prayuth did not attend the government house because he was worried that he was still the prime minister today or had retired as prime minister. He also said Prayuth was afraid of the mob because the people did not accept him and was afraid of dying because he was a coward with more white eyes than black eyes. Meanwhile, last night. Gen Prayuth did not go to the House to thank him for approving the 2023 budget bill because he knew he would not use the budget because he was already a former prime minister.
Urgent! The Constitutional Court accepted Prayuth's petition by a 5-to-4 vote to stop acting today.|The Constitutional Court accepted the petition in the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, who has served as prime minister for 8 years, with a majority vote of 5 to 4, ordering him to stop performing his duties for further proceedings at 09.30 a.m. on August 24, 2022 at the Constitutional Court office. There was a judicial conference of the Constitutional Court. Consider whether to accept or not to receive. In the case of the President of the National Assembly A petition of 172 opposition MPs asking the Constitutional Court Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's tenure as prime minister has ended since he served more than 8 years as prime minister and asked for an order to stop performing his duties until a decision is made.
Chatchachat He will not take the post of prime minister if Prayuth falls out and asks for the office of governor of Bangkok.|Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok He said on Wednesday (Aug 24) that he would reject the post of prime minister and would seek to do his best in his current position before the bangkok governor retained his candidacy for prime minister, which the Pheu Thai Party had previously proposed to the Election Commission (EC). Before 2019, Mr. Chatchat said he wanted to do his best to serve the Governor of Bangkok because he still has a mission that promises many people, and he just took over the position the same day. The Constitutional Court accepted the petition of the nominated members of the House of Representatives (MPs) and submitted it through Mr. Chuan Leekhai. The speaker of the House of Representatives, the Constitutional Court, ruled that Prayuth, who has been prime minister since Aug. 24, 2014, has served until the eight-year limit stipulated by the 2017 constitution. On Aug. 23, the petition was admitted. The Constitutional Court also ordered that Gen Prayuth has temporarily suspended his duties until a decision is made.
"Prawit" sits as Acting Prime Minister after the court ordered "Prayuth" to stop acting.|After the Constitutional Court resolved to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Stop performing the duties of the Prime Minister. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and the head of the Pracharat Party will act as Acting Prime Minister. If the Prime Minister is unable to perform his duties, Gen. Prawit is the No. 1 Deputy Prime Minister. It was 9:30 a.m. at the Constitutional Court office. There was a judicial conference of the Constitutional Court. Consider whether to accept or not to receive. In the case of the President of the National Assembly A petition of 172 opposition MPs asking the Constitutional Court Prayuth's tenure as prime minister has ended since he served more than 8 years as prime minister and asked for an order to stop performing his duties until a decision was made by the Constitutional Court. The opposition petition for 8 years and a 5:4 vote to stop performing duties today is expected to take approximately within a month. This September
Get to know Prawit Wongsuwan Acting Prime Minister while waiting for the court to knock Prayuth|Although this name is usually in the news area, General Prawit Wongsuwan, also known as Uncle Pom, is also known as Uncle Pom. Even more talked about after becoming acting prime minister. represent Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence, who was ordered by the Constitutional Court to stop performing their duties until a decision is made that they have completed their positions. 8 years on Aug. 23, 2019, Gen. Prawit is a resident of Bangkok. He was born on Aug. 11, 1945, and was still a province of Phra Nakhon. Attended St. Gabriel's School. Before continuing his studies at the Military Preparatory School in the 6th class and the Royal Thai Military Cadet School in the 17th class. In 1978, Gen. Prawit became commander of the 12th Infantry Regiment. He was succeeded by the commander of the 2nd Infantry Regiment. In 1996, he gradually rose through his ranks according to his abilities and experience, becoming army commander in 2004 when Thaksin Shinawatra became prime minister. Prawit's rise to the post of army commander was interestingly mentioned on Twitter in 2018, as he said the position was based on his openly pleading for his entry into politics. Prawit began in 2008 after the dissolution of the People's Power Party that removed Somchai Wongsawat from the post of prime minister and led to the formation of a new government. He became minister of defense. On Dec. 20, the same year, the National Front Against Dictatorship (UDD), also known as the Red Shirts, was formed. Rally at Ratchaprasong intersection, Bangkok, to pressure Abhisit to dissolve the House of Representatives Instead, the then government chose to set up a Emergency Situation Resolution Center (SSO) that ended in a massacre that left at least 99 people dead. The director was Suthep Thauksuban, who later led the protests against Yingluck Shinawatra's government in 2013-2014. Gen Prawit became deputy director when Yingluck's government was ousted by the military on May 22, 2014. As an advocate Gen Prayuth has also been appointed deputy prime minister and minister of defense. Gen. Prawit is a journalist who often says he doesn't know about interviews or asks for opinions, but many times he can't contain his emotions and often expresses aggressive emotions to the media. For example, commenting on a boat accident in Phuket province, Gen. Prawit said it was because the Chinese did it to the Chinese themselves and did not comply with Thai standards. This caused Chinese socialites to express their displeasure. Many parties are concerned that it could affect tourism in the long run. Gen. Prawit has also been heavily questioned. As they get older, many people will find that Gen. Prawit "rests his eyes." Often in major events, even at coronations. In 2019, not only that, but also the release of images that need to be supported. Prawit, while walking, raised concerns about the former retired soldier's health, even though it could be a point of concern for many about transparency, such as the issue of borrowed watches. But after the 2019 elections, Prawit became trusted by MPs in the Phalang Pracharat Party. At the same time, the role of the party leader of Gen Prawit has made it clearer to show his politicianship, which has led to the news that Gen Prawit's comments have started to go in a different direction to Prayuth's. It could push the party's policies into more practical practice, and it would be good for the next election. Prayuth has been removed from his chair, and many have speculated that the matter could be related to the conflict between Prayuth and Thammasat Phrompao, or closer to the next election. General Prawit has a more politician image. Unlike Prayuth, the Phalang Pracharat Party used to be the candidate for prime minister, but never ran with the Phalang Pracharat Party once, but instead chose to run for office.
Vishnu reveals "Prayuth" is still sitting The Minister of Defense is a subordinate of "Prime Minister Prawit" in the Cabinet.|Vishnu pointed out Prayuth also acted. Defense Minister after Constitutional Court Accept the opposition petition and order the suspension of the prime minister's duties on August 24, 2022. In the case of the Constitutional Court judges, there was a unanimous vote. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha's eight-year tenure as prime minister was rejected and voted 5:4 to stop performing his duties today. The deputy prime minister acted as acting prime minister, the reporter reported. The Deputy Prime Minister made it clear that when the Constitutional Court There was an order to stop performing duties. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister shall act on behalf of the Prime Minister. As the person performing duties on behalf of the Prime Minister No. 1 according to the resolution of the Council of Ministers (Cabinet) with regard to the assignment of the Deputy Prime Minister to perform the duties on his behalf, there will be respectively. as follows Gen. Prawit followed. Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Mr. Don Parramatta and Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, who must be sorted according to this, Mr. Vishnu also stated that while The Minister has not to stop performing all his duties and is not afraid of doing anything and voiding it. Additionally, when Gen. Prawit performs the duties of prime minister. Gen. Prayuth can also serve as defense minister because the position does not have an 8-year term, just like the prime minister, and Gen. Prayuth is a subordinate. Gen. Prawit in the Cabinet
August 24 Come on. I'm going to go. Old liquor in a new bottle or will Thailand change?|After the Constitutional Court voted 5:4, the order was granted. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha He stopped performing his duties as prime minister until the court's ruling, and accepted a petition from the opposition coalition filed. 171 listings per Chuan Escape Speaker of the House of Representatives On August 17, 2022, the Court asked the Court to consider whether Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's ministerial tenure had ended due to the expiration of his term of office under Article 170 paragraph 2 and Article 158 paragraph 4 of the 2017 Constitution. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister must perform the duties of Acting Prime Minister instead. Gen. Prayuth, who is the big brother of the Burapha Payak and 3P groups, Gen. Anupong Tribejinda, and Gen. Prayuth, who served as army commander from 2004 to 2005, minister of defense from 2008 to 2011 in Abhisit Vejjajiva government and 2014-2019 in NCPO government. The former deputy head of the National Council for Peace and Order and now the head of the Pracharat Party, who is the most powerful person in charge of the game, has also controlled the nets under the Phalang Pracharat Party. Gen. Prawit also has an important stronghold, the 5-province Joint Forest Foundation, which is the meeting place and dinner place of 3 P.M. or the Phalang Pracharat MP, the smaller party MP, as well as Thammasat Phrompao. Head of The Thai Economic Party, former right-hand man Prawit Rangsiman Rome, mp for The Progressive Party There used to be distrust discussions, and references to the Joint Forest Foundation. The political connection gathering area is a gathering place for businessmen, high-ranking civil servants and security officials in the three armed forces, as well as representatives from the Royal Thai Police, state enterprise executives, who often appear on important occasions such as Prawit's birthday party in 2017. The list of MPs of the Pracharat Party, the leader of the Group of 16, had previously given the news in response. R.A. Thammasat In case the line slips the receipt of a small party a month, saying that the whole matter happened at the Joint Forest Foundation, ask to go and ask. Gen. Prawit who gave Thammasat was in charge at the time, which is considered to confirm that it is a place where Gen Prawit used it as a political command base as the National Legislative Assembly (NIA) voted for it. Prayuth has been prime minister since Aug. 24, 2014, and the opposition coalition will mark its eight-year anniversary on Aug. 23, 2022. A mathematician noted that Gen Prayuth submitted an account of assets and liabilities to In the case of taking over as prime minister only once, i.e. in 2014, it may be evidence that he has served for 8 consecutive years, however, there are still 2 ways to calculate that, from April 6, 2017, which is the date of promulgation of the 2017 constitution, Gen. Prayuth will be considered to have been in office for 6 years. In a second term after the general election in March 2019, Gen Prayuth will serve for just four years.
Mongkolkit Ji reduces Prayuth's welfare Bulletproof car-Ban Luang, only ministerial level left.|Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon Member of the House of Representatives (MP) List and leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party Facebook post on Wednesday (Aug. 24) Call for reduced security and welfare to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha remains only at the level of defense minister, the move comes after the Constitutional Court ordered that Gen Prayuth stopped performing his duties earlier that same day. To wait for the decision on the 8-year term of prime minister of Gen. Prayuth"Since Uncle Tu Stop performing duties. prime minister During this period, please reduce the level of use of bulletproof cars, escort units. Lead car The royal house, leaving only the level. Only the defense minister should go to defense," Mongkolkit posted.
"Vishnu" reveals "Acting Prime Minister" has full power to dissolve parliament - adjust the cabinet.|"Vishnu" revealed that the acting prime minister has full power to dissolve parliament and adjust the cabinet, but in practice it is difficult. The two were not excited, shocked, and prepared to sit in the Ministry of Defense. The prime minister's legal team is prepared and will not wait 15 days if requested to help Mr. Vishnu Groupam. vice-premier In the case of the announcement of the Prime Minister's Office order on personnel management and budget, the Acting Prime Minister's Order will not be used in this respect. The budget and personnel management must be approved by the Prime Minister, but now, when the Prime Minister stops performing his duties, he is not entitled to approval. The Deputy Prime Minister will have full powers, while acknowledging that Gen Prawit will have the power to appoint army chiefs. As for whether or not to dismantle the existing dart. Don't use the word dismantle, but use the word "can", but Gen Prayuth, as defense minister, can sign it. But the military will have exceptions that must be approved by the General Staff Appointment Committee, which is chaired by the Minister of Defense, and if approved, the Prime Minister cannot dismantle it. He is also one of the board members. The NTC meeting will take place later this month, and he does not know the exact details, including the constitutional amendment, but it is not yet time to ask how he will use Prawit's position. Mr. Vishnu stated that the term acting prime minister should be used in official language, adding that the position of acting prime minister is not uncommon as it has been done many times. When asked if Prawit could dissolve parliament or reshuffle the cabinet, he said: Mr. Vishnu said that in theory it could be done, but it was difficult to do so, citing examples of whether when the court ordered Prayuth to vacate his post, he could become acting prime minister. In principle, you can do it, but you may not act. However, if the Prime Minister is suspended from duty, can he still use the Prime Minister's office? Mr. Vishnu stated that it can still be used because it is not a retirement. Nothing has been taken back because he is still the Prime Minister and will he work at the Thai Twin Fah Building? Vishnu said he didn't know why he was coming when he talked to Gen Prayuth and said he would not come to the Thai Twin Fah Building but would work at the Ministry of Defence Town Hall as minister of defense and could still attend cabinet meetings as usual. Gen Prawit presided over the meeting and he did not know if he would attend the meeting on Tuesday. As for Gen. Prawit, after talking to him, Gen. Prawit said that he would not go up to work at the Thai Twin Fah Building. Gen. Prayuth is scheduled to fill the job of Gen. Prem Tinsulanonda on Friday, Aug. 26, in Songkhla province, where he has assigned himself to the role. There is only a merit deposit. As for whether the Prime Minister is stressed or not, he does not see his face, and insists that everyone is not excited. Shocked by the constitutional law on the election of MPs, Mr. Vishnu explained that when the SEC is not attracted to anything, it will be a case that must be brought to the House, but the regulations of the Council meeting require the Council to keep it for 3 days and then send it to the government, and the government must keep it for another 5 days. If Gen. Prawit is acting at that time, he can bring it up to the MINISTRY. It's not uncommon for APEC meetings to affect the APEC meeting. Mr. Vishnu said that the hearing would not be long as APEC, but he did not know how many days it would take to consider it, and he knew that the legal department would respond to the Constitutional Court earlier than 15 days because all the information had already been prepared. The legal team on whether to allow him to step in and stated that there should be no problems, as the head of the legal team is already familiar with the prime minister's way down. Mr. Vishnu said he would clarify the facts and the law. He also said yesterday that he had clarified at a cabinet meeting what the situation would be. Therefore, he warned the Minister not to panic and to work as usual. Don't panic, don't panic, don't do anything, put on empty gear.
Mobs gathered next to the palace. "Prawit" sits the prime minister, 3P must leave.|Mass at Democracy Monument The government house mob ousted the prime minister, Gen. Prawit, sitting at the Democracy Monument. The People's Liberation Army, the Red Revolution, and the Gas Breakers gathered around the area. In front of McDonald's, the Democracy Monument, marched to Government House with the masses settling down at Government House. Co-eviction activities Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, by the demands of the masses, are substantive by wanting to Prayuth's resignation as prime minister is not just a step away from acting as the Constitutional Court has a majority vote. 5:4 Accept the petition for a term of office of 8 years and do not consent to Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, Head of the Pracharat Party (PDP) The acting prime minister for the protests and movements of the free masses were not violent at all, with banners raising signs to oust Gen Prayuth.
Former Sri Lankan leader Can't bear the expenses while in exile in Thailand Preparing to return to the country|Reuters reported, citing two insider sources, that Mr. Kotabaya Rajapaksa Former President of Sri Lanka He is preparing to return to the country in the next 2 weeks due to the high cost of living in Thailand"He wants to return to Sri Lanka a lot, but safety is still the main issue. "He may be back in two weeks or sooner," one source told Reuters. If a security deal is reached, another source said one of the reasons why Mr Rajapaksa will return to Sri Lanka is because of the cost in Thailand. Because there is a private plane fee. There will be a 24-hour bodyguard," the source said.
The Director-General praised Prayuth the gentleman. Follow the court's orders, follow the democracy.|Lieutenant General Narongpan Jitkaew The Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army said on Thursday (Aug. 25) that he appreciated the Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, a gentleman, followed the Constitutional Court's order to stop performing his prime minister's duties until a decision is made on his eight-year term of office. Prayuth also said that following the constitutional court's orders is also a good thing for a democratic society: "Let me give you an example of General Prayuth, everyone should appreciate and praise him. He followed the system of democracy, the jurisprudence was the audit, anything went to the judiciary, and the judiciary ordered the executive branch, that the executive branch followed the judiciary. You must accept and appreciate that you are a gentleman. You are the leader. He is the role model of a military man. Gentlemen, how the judiciary acts accordingly. This is a good thing that our nation's society is governed in a democracy that does this, not that when the judiciary says it, it thinks instead. Let's speculate, like the other parties, which it isn't, this is a good thing, just like today, military students who are women. Everyone is not a soldier, they want to train as soldiers, they want to serve the nation, everyone has a job, but they come to the military, take their knowledge to serve the people. This is a good thing to leave to the media, to present good things to the people and the country," he said, when asked what the prime minister would do next. Gen. Narongpan did not answer questions and immediately walked to the car.
"Prayuth" ordered to expedite the examination of "female police officers" to help the government. The MINISTRY reiterated its ban on protecting the wrong people.|"Prayuth" ordered to expedite the investigation in the case of a female police officer assisting the government. 4th District Council This must be answered, not as a charge of the society, Gen. Kongcheep Tantrawanich. Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said the issue of name-raising was "unacceptable." The female police officer went to help the government at the 4th Division of the Police Department, the front division, saying that all the problems that arise are matters that all units involved must find out the facts as soon as possible and enlighten the society as well. He thought about it. Soon to be clear, let's wait a little bit for an investigation based on the facts and internal processes. As for the law, it shall be carried out in accordance with the law and the judicial process. If it is a matter of discipline, disciplinary action will be taken, both the police and the GOP involved when asked if the Prime Minister has stressed at the Defence Council meeting not to protect them. A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence confirmed that no one had committed the offence. When people live together a lot and have problems. And henceforth, the heads of departments must take responsibility, supervise their own people, and so as not to cause problems of this nature again, which the Prime Minister has expedited and directed that the matter must be answered and resolved sooner. It's not. It is not underlined or set a time limit for the investigation, but let the judicial process move forward in our way already accelerated so as not to be a charge of society, which is directed to the KORROM and the 4th Region Front, because this matter has 3 relevant parts, namely the Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters. The police and the MINISTRY will conduct an investigation.
"Sirikanya" rescinds the government's economic policy, the richest energy magnate in the country.|The global economy and Thailand are facing a perfect storm, but budgeting and policies are not responding to today's pressing problems. Sanook News Team Exclusive Interview Talk to Sirikanya Tansakul List MPs and deputy party leaders stepped forward. Policy Department The state of the problem and the way to survive this crisis Sirikanya He explained that although the current economic conditions do not match the definition of any crisis, the feelings of the people feel that it is already very critical. Let's start with the COVID-19 pandemic. More than two years later, lockdowns have caused economic downturns. The decline in purchasing power, coupled with the Russo-Ukrainian War, continued to affect energy prices. As energy prices rise, it affects the transportation of goods and services, causing prices to rise. The cost of living has risen by around 7-8%, while the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted to raise the policy interest rate by 0.25% to 0.75% per annum. Meanwhile, the minimum wage remains the same. As a result, people have an average expenditure of almost 70% each month, and income may not be enough to meet expenses and may have to borrow debt and increase household debt even though the country's GDP will increase somewhat in line with the global economy post-COVID. What the government needs to do is increase revenue for the people, but not to enact a half-hearted policy, which stimulates spending, and is a random distribution of who can fast. Not targeting the people in distress, fixing oil prices is like a thousand-digit bull. Spend a lot of money, but do not solve the problem of oil fund debt of almost 120 billion baht. Finally, it will be a public debt that requires taxation of the people to use the debt for more than 30 years to run out. While the reduction of excise tax is the use of oil fund pontoon tax money, people still use expensive oil. Because it focuses only on diesel, but not on gasoline that is mostly used by low-income people. In the end, the public benefits a little, but the money lost is very high, while the electricity bills are getting more expensive. Although Thailand has exceeded its demand by 50%, it has to pay 'ready-to-pay' for more than nine private power plants contracted by the government, which, if cut here, will reduce electricity bills by 24 satang. But he didn't stop making concessions, eventually making the big concessionaires become the richest people in the country." He's getting richer... While household debt The public owes an additional 4.6 trillion baht... Sirikanya sees government policies as too little effort to help SMEs access capital in times of crisis. In the past year, commercial banks have increased lending to large companies by 12%, but small businesses have reduced the proportion of loan approvals. It is difficult to hope that the economy will recover strongly because the base is weak. The government relies heavily on exports. But we can only be glad now, because from next year onwards, the global economy will slow down again. In addition, there will be no management of business mergers such as True and Dtac, which will further concentrate the economy. Increasing economic inequality In addition, the government should build confidence and take measures to encourage big companies listed on the stock exchange that have already started to return to the ground to invest in the country because these companies have cash and the potential to invest. Do not expect foreign investment and encourage SMEs to insure against currency risks during periods of baht fluctuations. In the household sector, the government itself should have enough potential to help increase income for people, especially vulnerable people. Keep cash to pay during emergencies and talk to banks about adjusting their debts. If you start to realize that your future income will not be the same. How can I manage my existing debt? If you do not receive the assistance of the bank as announced, you can complain to the Bank of Thailand. Hotline 1213"Let's get into reality. The country hasn't even come out of the COVID hole yet. Recovery is slower than all ASEAN countries. Ask what the government does. He didn't do it, but he said it was all over the world. Inflation is high all over the world...good things are in place, evil things say the global economy," Sirikanya said.
"Prayuth" will survive or fall from the 8-year rule of the prime minister himself.|"Yutporn" reverses the Constitutional Court's decision on "Prayuth"  Survived every ring. The 8-year-old constitutional court, an independent body established under the 1997 constitution, is about to be 25 years old. In the next 2 months, the authority will consider constitutional issues and inevitably linked to politics. In the past, there have been announcements that elections are unlawful, disbanding political parties, and sentenced up to 3 political office holders, especially prime ministers, to vacate their positions, until sometimes the Constitutional Court has been heavily criticized for being a tool of authority to deal with political opponents. Sundarvej was acquitted of the prime minister because he made a food program published on television. 2007 Constitution, Sections 267–2, 2008. somchai wongsawat Acquitted because the Constitutional Court ruled to dissolve the People's Power Party– May 7, 2014 Yingluck Shinawatra was acquitted of the post of Prime Minister because he wrongfully moved Thavil Change Sri for an offence under the 2007 Constitution, Section 268, 266 (2) and (3). It is linked to a political party with the same roots, Thai Rak Thai in the past. When it was disbanded, it became a people's power, and when it was disbanded again, it was for Thailand. Given the poison of the self-written constitution, it is interesting that Gen Prayuth will only be warned to pause his duties to wait for a verdict. Will he be the country's executive again, or will he lose the opportunity to work in the Thai Twin Sky Building again? But if you look back at the law and the loopholes in the law regarding the previous term of office, it must be admitted that Gen. Prayuth still has the opportunity to turn from bad to good. Assoc. Prof. Dr. Yutaporn Isarachai, former Dean of Political Science, Sukhothai Thammathirat University, commented that there are still 3 ways to diagnose. Starting from 8 years from 2014 or 2017 or 2019. It is up to the 9 judges of the Constitutional Court to crack down on the suspension of their duties by a 5-to-4 vote on which approach to choose. Prayuth has survived two attacks by the Constitutional Court on Sept. 18, 2019, ruling that Prayuth is not constitutionally prohibited as prime minister because he is not "another official of the state." On Dec. 2, 2020, it was ruled that "Big Tu", who still lives in the residence of the army commander, has since retired. It is not against the Constitution. "Uncle Tu" will survive or will fall according to the 3 former prime ministers because the Constitutional Court will know soon. 
"Shakti" My knees hurt but I was still swaying, I went through the fields, cut my hair, teased the technician, "Please don't cleft."|Chatchat kneels hit a pole, but still swayed, went to the governor's area, roamed Thung Khru district, planted trees, and stopped by to cut his hair, teasing the technician "Please don't cleft" today (August 28, 2022). Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, participated in the tree planting activity at Thonburirom Park Mr. Chatchachart said that from yesterday (Aug. 27), there was an accident in which his knee hit a pole, causing him not to jog in the morning, and today a team from Sea (Thailand) company gave 1,171 seedlings to support the environmental policy of the tree planting project to build areas and dust filters throughout the city. Thung Khru district, which is about 200 meters from Thonburirom Park, opposite Thonburirom Park. District Director, Thung Khru He visited all the food stalls in the market and tasted curry puffs filled with chicken and goat's milk from the shops inside the market. In addition, Mr. Chatchat received a shirt from a batik paint shop, a white T-shirt with a cat print on it that reads Work, Work, Work, and Mr. Chatchat also visited various booths in the market, such as a horoscope booth, a shoulder neck massage, driving an electric bicycle and clean energy. He also stopped by the barber booth and said to the barber, 'Anyway. Please don't cleft, if it's cleft and it's hard to fix.'
"Chatchat" receives "Big Pom" to call the real one, but cannot receive it in time because the number is not familiar until people have to come to tell.|Chatchachat receives Big Pom, calls for real, will send troops to help pack sandbags. Dental protection 20,000 sacks along the Chao Phraya River today (August 27, 2022) Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan said. The Acting Prime Minister called yesterday but could not answer the call because the number was not familiar, but in the end, someone said to answer the call a little bit and know that it was Gen. Prawit. Tomorrow, you will send about 100 military personnel to help sort sandbags, part of which is the Navy that has the Bangkok Dam, the other part to load almost 20,000 sacks of sand under the Taksin Bridge. To the east / The King Canal, 6 machines are turned on at 18 cubic meters per second. It is a good sign of cooperation that can be discussed by all agencies, as the Governor of Bangkok, we must already be people serving the people. If all agencies help, Bangkok is already welcome, must thank the government for its kindness to Bangkok. When I met Prayuth, he asked about it all the time, and he was worried about it because the moment he came in, it was a situation where the tide was right. If they can raise their ears, they will solve the problem together and solve the problem for the people when asked if in addition to solving the water problem, he talked to Gen. Prawit on other issues. Mr. Chatchat said that not yet, but Gen. Prawit said that if there is anything, call him. In other dimensions, let's talk. Apart from the issue of sorting the sacks, there would have been a canal stripping. Moving people when flooding occurs Coordination with other agencies
Thank you Srisuwan Post a walk, let people know what the job is. Swipe the fee.|Thank you Srisuwan Post a walk, let people know what the job is. Believe it if you knew, you wouldn't post it. Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok Disclosure of the case of Mr. Srisuwan Charaya posted a picture and a message blaming the Governor of Bangkok for walking without paying attention to the flooding and traffic jams, saying that it really is thanks to Srisuwan. If you don't post it, people wouldn't know it's a walk for the visually impaired, which people don't know. It's actually about increasing equality, because the city will be livable. We must treat everyone equally, whether visually or hearing impaired. The intelligence that bangkok duty must take care of here because no one can take care as well as bangkok because it is our direct duty. Going to this walk because of the importance and belief that if Mr. Srisuwan I knew I was walking with a visually impaired person, I wouldn't post it, but I posted it because I didn't know, because that day I wore a mask covering my face and closed my eyes because I couldn't walk on stage because I couldn't walk on stage. Which is actually a good activity, making it understand the mind and feelings together with people who have physical limitations, the governor of Bangkok refuses to be paid because we know our duties and this work is like a charity event. Try to be positive, not negative. If it's not true, that's fine, just if it's true, improve it.
"Big Den" Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat is the new Chief of Police.|29 Aug 22 at Sriyanon Room, 2nd Floor, Building 1, Royal Thai Police Office (Sq.) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Acting Prime Minister presided over the meeting of the National Police Policy Committee (NCPO). To consider the appointment of the 13th National Police Commander to replace Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk. He will retire on September 30 by the SEC meeting. Select Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Deputy Chief of Police, to be the Commander of the National Police .... Maj. Gen. Damrongsak is the 38th senior police cadet with one year left to retire in 2023. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the 13th Chief of Army Staff, is a 22nd military preparatory student who is a classmate of Gen. Narongpan Chitkaew. He holds a master's degree in public administration from City University, USA, a crowd control program at the Tacoma Police Department in the United States, and the F.B.I.'s Pacific Training Initiative (PTI). As director of the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center Or S.P.S.T. breaks up a call center gang that claims to be a policeman. Muang Chiang Mai Police Station Ranong police officers, postal officers, DHL officials, who have been arrested in Cambodia. And with good human relations, cambodian police leaders have been very cooperative. Recently, a warrant was arrested in Cambodia. It was the largest arrest ever, also wiping out online gambling networks and major cybercrimes such as the Siapo case. A large online gambling network that has led to the seizure and seizure of large amounts of assets. The lawsuit alleges that counterfeit bank dollars were manufactured. Online firearms trafficking cases and loan gang cases have all caused public outrage. Online notification service that is modern and digital. This is considered very difficult and challenging because it revolutionizes the form of notification according to the concept and policy of Pol. Gen. Suwat, the master detective of 5G and government 4.0. The Minister of Police was sent to study for a master's degree in cyber security in the United States, China, Spain and Germany. 4 scholarships per year for 3 consecutive years, totaling 12 scholarships from 2022-2024
Sira faces 16 months in jail for trespassing|Mr. Sira Janjaka, former member of the House of Representatives (MP), Bangkok On Monday (Aug 29) for trespassing on the field hospital of Mongkutwattana Hospital and defamation of Major General Cointhong Thong, the company issued a 1-month sentence after Sira was sentenced to 8 months in prison by the Bangkok Southern Criminal Court on July 27 for defamation of Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes, a list MP and leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party. The former MP also led about 20 villagers to hold protest signs at the 4th district office, accusing Pol Maj Gen Coin's company of accepting donations to build a field hospital and demanding that the 1,500 baht per person for patients treated at the field hospital be properly sourced. Excluding other doubts such as the safety of this field hospital, the court stated that Sira violated Article 326 of the Criminal Code on defamation, 5 krathongs, imprisonment for 2 months for a total of 10 months, and Section 362 on trespassing, imprisonment for another 6 months, for a total of 16 months.
Democrat MPs want to propose a party to withdraw from the government. The latter is not happy with the power of the state.|Mr. Victor Dejdecho A member of the House of Representatives (MP) in Nakhon Si Thammarat province and deputy secretary-general of the Democrat Party said on Tuesday (Aug 30) that he would like to propose that the Democrat Party withdraw from the ruling coalition. After being dissatisfied with many of the past actions of the Pracharat Party, one of the actions that Mr. Victory considered unacceptable was that of Mr. Sanhapoj Suksrimuang. Nakhon Si Thammarat MP of the Pracharat Party proposed Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Acting Prime Minister pulled the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives and the Ministry of Commerce into the hands of the Pracharat Party. Speaking out to belittle the Democrat Party, Mr. Victory sees the Southern MP of the Pracharat Party. You know that winning the election is because of your popularity. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha is not a personal favorite, so he must try to undervalue his local rivals in order to get re-elected in the next term by creating an image that the rival party is ineffective and making the villagers unable to improve their well-being, such as the problem of expensive goods and falling prices of agricultural products. The Democrat said Mr. Sanhapoj was often opportunistic when news of the cabinet reshuffle broke out. Call for Gen. Prawit pulled back the Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives. Since the Democrat is the minister at the moment, I would like to ask Mr. Sanhapoj if he has come out to demand it. Because ordinary MPs cannot convince the people to support them, they take advantage of the opportunity to claim the position and devalue the ruling coalition at the same time. I personally think that if the adults in the government have the idea of reclaiming the ministerial position. The proportion of Democrats, as proposed by Mr. Sanhapoj, is asked to rethink their thoughts, since the Democrats are never afraid and never ask for this, and the Democrat Party has enough political etiquette not to interfere in the selection of a person to serve as a minister of the party. If that's true. The leaders of the government and the Pracharat Party are like Sri thanachai, fooling even those who have merit that gives each other the opportunity to support each other. Prawit as head of the Pracharat Party Help train the etiquette of working together between the ruling coalition parties for Mr. Sanhapoj and the party's southern MPs. Others because of the past. There was a lot of over-the-line behavior until he wanted to present it to the Democrats. He withdrew from the government because he could not accept the insulting and disrespectful behavior of the Pracharat Party MP, which has also appeared in the media on many occasions.
Kanjana Chatthaipattana encourages Prayuth because he is committed to working for the country.|Ms. Kanjana Silpa-acha The leader of the Thai Pattana Party spoke about the political situation after Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister was suspended from his duties by the Constitutional Court until the Court ruled on the 8-year term of office that the administration of the national government was not interrupted and it was considered a rest period for General Prayuth to wait for the decision of the Constitutional Court. Deputy Prime Minister, Acting Prime Minister. Silpa-acha also asked for Prayuth's support as a prime minister who is determined to work for the country and the people. There are many problems that will affect the decision, whether it is pleasing to the public or not, there are some, which those on the edge of the field may not understand that the players on the pitch. As for the news of the dissolution of parliament or the reshuffle of the cabinet, Ms. Kanjana sees that it is still only a news stream because there are no factors that will cause the dissolution of the Parliament. Ms Kanjana also mentioned the case of opposition MPs. He urged the Cabinet to stop performing its duties as well as the Prime Minister, saying that it cannot be done because it must comply with the law and the Cabinet must still run the national government, and only the Prime Minister will have to wait for the decision of the Constitutional Court.
Appointed "Dr. Tharet" as Director General of the Department of Disease Control "Dr. Thaweesilp" as Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Public Health|The Cabinet approved the appointment of 7 high-ranking officials as proposed by the MINISTRY, "Dr. Thares" sitting director-general of the Department of Disease Control, "Dr. Thaweesilp" as deputy permanent secretary. Aug 65) Ms. Trisuli Trisaranakul Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Revealed that the Council of Ministers (MINISTRY) Approved the appointment of 7 high-ranking officials as proposed by the Ministry of Public Health, namely 1. Dr. Tares Krasnairawiwong Director-General of the Department of Health Services Director-General of the Department of Disease Control Dr. Ophas Karykwinpong, who became permanent secretary of the Ministry of Public Health)2. Dr. Sura Wisetsak Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry Director-General of the Department of Health Services Support Dr. Tares Krasnairawiwong who moved to become Director General of the Department of Disease Control)3. Dr. Pongkasem Pearld, Inspector General of the Ministry, held the position. Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry Dr. Thongchai Keeratihattayakorn, Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry Director-General of the Department of Medicine Dr. Somsak Araksilp, retired)4. Dr. Thongchai Keeratihattayakorn, Deputy Permanent Secretary, Office of the Permanent Secretary, held the position. Director General of Medical Services5. Dr. Taweesilp Vishnuyothin, inspector general of the ministry, holds the position. Deputy Permanent Secretary 6. Dr. Yongyos Thamwut Director-General of the Department of Thai Traditional and Alternative Medicine Deputy Permanent Secretary 7. Dr. Thongchai Lertvilairattanapong, Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, held the position. Director-General of the Department of Thai Traditional and Alternative Medicine Dr. Yongyos Thammawut who moved to become Deputy Permanent Secretary)
Proud Thai Resolution not to collect interest according to the draft Act of the Senate. A press conference will be held at 9 p.m.|A spokesman for the Bhumjaithai Party said the Bhumjaithai Party had resolved not to collect interest under the Education Loan Fund Bill. He revealed after the Bhumjaithai Party meeting via Zoom application that the meeting was considering the matter. The Education Loan Fund Bill, which includes the body of Bhumjaithai Party leader Anutin Charnveerakul and the Bhumjaithai Party MP, is also in line with the government's draft. In Section 17, section 44 was amended in respect of whether or not interest was collected, the Commissioner voted with a majority. Disagree with the amendment. The resolution of the Bhumjaithai Party meeting confirmed that there will be no interest charge as proposed from the beginning because it is about education that the people will benefit from, and the commission amended from the government bill to charge interest from 2% to 0.25%. Not encouraging the draw of the sword, debt must be used, not supporting the cancellation of debt because it will affect the younger generation who need the next generation of money, but the student loan, we insist on the principle that it is the duty of the state to support opportunities for those who want to learn. Mr. Anutin along with the Bhumjaithai Party MP will hold an official press conference at 09.00 a.m. on August 31, 2022 at the Press Room, Parliament Building, to show all the reasons. Per draft? The Act of 1995 as stated
Anutin revealed. Bhumjaithai advocates refrain from collecting interest. Preparing to fight legislation in the House|Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, as the head of the Bhumjaithai Party, together with party members, held a press conference on the results of the consideration of the Education Loan Fund (SEP) bill, which is a bill that will be combined with the government's draft. There are important issues that the Bhumjaithai Party presented, the minister said. Section 44 was amended to prevent interest charges because it was about providing education that people could benefit from, but the Commission amended the government's bill to charge interest from 2% to 0.25%, unlike the Bhumjaithai Party. And even if the Bhumjaithai Party fights in the Committee and loses, it will stop trying to fight again in the House of Representatives. By Mr. Virat Panthumapol, MP of Bhumjaithai Party In the case of criticism that it will deprive the government of income from taxation of student loans, Mr. Anutin stressed that the government must give new graduates the opportunity to work and ask the government to ensure the potential of Thai children to work and be ready to return loans through the personal income tax model. He said that no matter how the House of Representatives votes, it is considered exclusive to its members, but a proportion of the Bhumjaithai Party will insist on supporting the refrain from collecting interest on student loans.
"Senator Thani" The female police officer stopped contacting him a long time ago. Yan didn't know how to hurt the servants.|Mr. Thani Lang-lai, Senator Admittedly, it used to be close. But I stopped contacting her long ago. Yan did not know about the assault on the servants. Aug 2022) Senator Thani Laing-lai issued a document explaining his involvement in helping young women enter the police service, saying she had been a lawyer since 1978, being single and had been divorced for nearly 30 years. In the case that appeared in the news, there was an assault on a woman 2. People are prosecuted at the Court of Justice. The news was a dispute between two individuals and they were not involved or sympathetic to the action. He had known and had been intimate with a female policewoman as per the news, but had lost contact for a long time, recently learned from the media that nowadays a policewoman is in a relationship with a man who appears in the news. As a result of the media coverage and claims that he abused his position, many institutions, especially the Senate Institute, would have to go through the ethics review process of the Senate and the Committee. The P.O.C. acts in accordance with its authority. They are ready to present the facts to the audit process. If the ethics review committees of both agencies adopt any resolution, they will accept that decision. The media would have known the facts and findings, and the investigation would have taken a short time. Mr. Thani stated that he had not abused his position as alleged. All such agencies have regulations for appointment, transfer, and transfer. The media often presents damaging news about the Boss Yuwittaya case, so I would like to reiterate that the case of Boss Yuwittaya is a complaint to the Commission during the 2016 elections. The complaint is completed in accordance with the elements of the complaint. The Commission must take up the matter for consideration. Investigate the facts and summarize the story to be forwarded to the relevant authorities in accordance with the authority. Once submitted, it appears that the concerned authorities have determined that there is no change in the order. I would like to emphasize that after that, the Commission was not involved in any way. Please the media not to present news in a way that causes damage to the Commission or myself, and if there is any progress, I will continue to make a statement to the media. He asked the team to follow every post. Every page, every media, to continue to act accordingly.
Military Commissioner prepares to invite senators to clarify the deposit knot Female Assistant Commissioner|Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, a list MP, heads the Thai Sriwilai Party, as a spokesman for the Military Commission, said the committee would investigate the case. The female lt. gen. to help the government to see if it is carried out legally and whether the deposit is correct or not, by inviting Gen. Suwan Khumthong, deputy chief of staff, to come to clarify on behalf of the commander-in-chief. Lt. Gen. Surasorn Darunasas Chief of Army Staff, Royal Thai Army Headquarters and Col. Saroj Parod Director, Division of Personnel Management The Department of Personnel, the Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters, as well as representatives from the Internal Security Directorate Region 4, in front of which the senator admitted that he had been close to the The female senator had to see that while the senator was the NIA. Have you used any lines? If used, it would be unethical and legal. But the line system in Thai society has been around for a long time, which is the use of discretion and partisan system, with all the armed forces and has been around for a long time, like depositing children into school until it became Thai culture. Therefore, this matter must be expanded further and admit that they have the names of many generals who know to leave their descendants to the service in a special way, there are some real descendants and some close friends, which if the name is opened, will break the whole system, so it is gradually on a case-by-case basis. Meanwhile, The military commission will invite the senator to clarify next week, but he believes he will not be able to clarify. There is a deposit account that will go into the usual regulations, but in the interview it will be known who has the ticket. In the future, there may be a suggestion to the government that in the civil service entrance examination should be purely written, there is no score of doubt, and in such cases, it is necessary to see if there is any evidence. The person who will be guilty is the person who is appointed. The truth is not difficult to ascertain. There are already people wrong. You can take offense. But more or less wrong needs to be looked at in detail, because most of the time, the authority does not leave evidence.
Big Pom landed in Chachoengsao The villagers were worried about the soldiers. Wearing a suit, running after the car for almost 2 km.|Big Pom landed in Chachoengsao The villagers were worried about the soldiers. Wearing a suit, running along a golf cart for almost 2 km in the hot sun(1 Sep 2022) Reporters reported the atmosphere from General Prawit Wongsuwan's trip to Chachoengsao province. Deputy Prime Minister, Acting Prime Minister, to check the water situation and cost for the production of water according to the plan to provide people with access to clean tap water in all areas. Also at Chachoengsao Water Supply Station (Suan Son Water Filtration Station) Wang Takhian A.Muang Chachoengsao said that during General Prawit's briefing on the water situation in the area. Chachoengsao province and the eastern region have finished and are going to the raw water reservoir at the back of chachoengsao water supply station. Along the canal, the district The Acting Prime Minister boarded a small golf cart No. 1 provided by the responsible authorities, accompanied by a group of followers who boarded 5-6 golf carts and trams, but the seats were not enough to serve the authorities and all their followers. General Prawit drove ahead and there were 2 security guards or TSS who were there to follow and maintain close security at all times. He had to run on the side of the car for more than 1.5 km, wearing a shirt over slacks and also wearing a suit over the outside, in the heat of the sun around 10.30am until he weakened and was unable to disappear from the side of the acting car. Only 1 officer followed the trunk of the car until it finally reached its destination at the edge of the Nakhon Chak Khet canal before the Deputy Prime Minister got out of the car to listen to a lecture on how to provide costly water management services to be used in the production of tap water supply to the people. From that event, there were people who attended the event and welcomed people saying something like "Are you tired?" He must have been a well-trained soldier, or he may have worked out regularly, or he may have been trained and exercised every day before, so he could run until he reached his destination. With very long distances for people who live a normal life, a normal person will do it.
Open the picture "Big Fort". When he was a young soldier, he revealed why he was still single.|Facebook Page General Prawit Wongsuwan General Prawit Wongsuwon posted some of the photos and messages excerpted from the book "Big Brother, Good Brother", prepared to celebrate Gen. Prawit's 76th birthday on August 11, 2022. By identifying the story of life. Gen. Prawit, from his childhood as a military prep student, went on to start his journey in the army, revealing his personal life and why he remained single until the age of 76. The hard battle is never behind the book subordinates." Big Brother Good brother. " This was prepared on the occasion of the 76th birthday of General Prawit Wongsuwan. On August 11, There is history content from From his early life, lifestyle, as a pre-military student, to military service, and to becoming a politician, the book was created by children who worked together. I want to record the story behind General Prawit's life as a book"Brother Pom", a soldier all his life, so he is quite used to using loud ranting words to make him look like a scolding or strict person during working hours. But if you have the opportunity to experience your personal life when you are outside of work, you will find yourself to be gentle, good-tempered, compassionate, who can feel comfortable, whether it is close relatives or friends. Adults, minors, subordinates, and often say in one voice that you are a loving person. subordinate He is a leader and a giver, a coordinator of ten directions that all organizations accept, in addition to being a person who adheres to the highest loyalty to national institutions, religion, the king, is a child with great gratitude to people, loves family, loves friends, loves subordinates, loves sports, exercises as a mental life, loves merit, loves nature, loves art, likes to cook food, and often finds delicious food for people close to him to eat. "Brother Pom" was born into a military family and his father served as an artillery officer, Major General Prasert Wongsuwan and Mother Saisani Wongsuwan. He is the eldest brother and has 4 younger brothers because his father has a mission to travel to the provinces regularly. As a result, saisnee mothers have to take care of their children by earning extra income, so they have to sell food such as curry rice. A la carte food, noodles, rice porridge, bananas, guests and other snacks, which "Brother Pom" has to take food to sell or deliver to customers at various places, acting as the eldest son of the house and the younger brother pays and makes a good brother's name from a young age, no matter what the mother said to Brother Pom or in whatever regard. And another reason why she is so obedient to her mother is because she always talks about anything. What is always taught is to be grateful to the nation. To the land, to the king, and to the benefactors, and also to the faithfulness and sincerity of friends. Not exploiting others to love their families, especially younger ones, must be considered important. Gratitude and love for the family is that it remains single to the present day, which many people have wondered why they are not married. In the past, it was said that Brother Pom used to have a girlfriend who was almost married, but because Brother Pom was worried about his mother, he was afraid that there would be no time for him to fully accompany him to live with his subordinates along the border all the time. The book also talks about the bond between the 3P, especially those who served as a battalion commander, where the 2nd Battalion, 21 Infantry Regiment, the Royal Guard, had two junior officers staying at home. He would instruct and take good care of the lives of the two brothers, who went to the kitchen and cooked for the two brothers regularly, making the three brothers very close. Have a love for each other, always holding on to the elders as adults. The two younger siblings are Gen. Anupong Tribal Jinda and General Prayut Chan-o-cha. Mr. Patawat Srisukwong St. Gabriel's School students from 1st grade to 6th grade, who have been friends for more than 60 years, and the Wongsuwan family and the Srisukwong family are very close. Ten years later, "Brother Pom and Brother Kram are very close, used to go to eat, sleep at home in the Army Corps regularly, go to football games together, copy homework, eat rice crafted by grandmother or late mother. Although he was small but gangster-minded, he was not afraid of anyone, and his father, a military officer, always helped prevent anyone from bullying. When he came to serve in the military, he assisted in the development of the unit very often. In terms of welfare and other matters, the bond between these two friends is really great, as when I was so sick that I could barely walk. She asked her where she had a good doctor, and immediately contacted her and helped her take care of herself until her condition improved. These two love each other like brothers. According to the letter, she is a very disciplined person, waking up early at 4 a.m., jogging, then taking a shower, getting dressed, having breakfast at 5:45 a.m. every day and going to work immediately. Even now, while in political office, I still have to get up early to exercise. In addition to that, it may be called a boon fortress. People close to me told me that the routine is to make regular offerings and baptism every day, or if you can't do it yourself, you'll have people in the house do it instead. In addition to that, they are people who love nature and important art, people who are interested in food. I like to find delicious food for my friends to eat. The restaurant recommended by the pom is guaranteed to be really delicious. It's usually easy to eat. In the morning, you'll eat porridge, porridge, or curry rice, similar to the rice your mother used to make when you were a child, and you'll have your favorite beef noodle shop. The name "Great Tasty Shop" is located near Mun Muang Road, Amphur Muang, Chiang Mai, in addition to being comfortable at home, you will spend your own life at home by dressing casually and playing with your favorite dog, Chow Chow. They are furry and fluffy and are not caught in the hot weather in Thailand. It is called Brother Pom, who cares about everything, cares about every happiness of his subordinates. Even the size of the dog has been given this much attention in the life of military preparatory school. With a compassionate, generous, selfless personality, and a bangkok child, he is the one who always takes care of his friends, or as he is called, a. Especially on holidays, I will bring friends who are in different provinces but have not returned home to relax at home. My parents will always take care of the food to keep me full. He invites his friends to play football. Sometimes they take their friends to kite flying at Sanam Luang, and sometimes they hang out and have fun and come back to sleep at Ban Phon. As a young soldier, upon graduation from JPO, he worked in the backcountry and had a problem with terrorism, and was tasked with suppressing communist terrorists in the Phu Phan mountain range. The 2nd Army's area of responsibility, as the new lieutenant, led several patrols, ambushes, and clashes with communist terrorists. A large number of terrorist weapons and documents can be seized and seized, the key area that needs to be performed is the Na Kae district. Nakhon Phanom province, an area under the influence of communist terrorists. From 1970 to 1974, he volunteered to serve in the war in the 3rd country to prevent the incident from spreading from outside the country into Thailand, having fought in Vietnam for about a year. "I went to Vietnam to fight at that time, he was stationed in Saigon and was affiliated with the Black Shirt Brigade, which had Gen. Serm Na Nakorn as the brigade commander at that time. The 3rd Army served as an officer of the 212th Infantry Battalion, the 3rd Army's area of responsibility. Whether it's fighting in or out of style as an anonymous warrior. He is one of the most experienced military officers in battle, which many people do not know yet. He was entrusted with continuing his tenure with senior military units after graduating from the Army Staff School. Pee Pom Served as a combat officer. 21 th Infantry Regiment By participating in national defense missions or areas on the Thai-Cambodian border. From 1979 to 1997, during his tenure as battalion commander, department commander, brigade commander and burapha force manager, he led the unit against the opposition and sometimes faced extreme and risky situations. Such as the Battle of Ban Nong Prue, the Battle of Non Mak Mun. Ban Nong Ian incident "It's heavy, it's hard, it's no different, it's missing out, it's dying in every area, it's nobody's good or who's not good, I can confirm it, it depends on the tactics, depending on the situation at that moment, to say that there is no heavy, or a lot of force, the less strength is to die as well, the bullet doesn't ask what your name is, and then I will release you. At that time I slept on the border, I slept with my subordinates, I was not in the battalion, I would always be with the troops in front, I would not be behind, I would always go with my subordinates, I would walk along the border and walk through checkpoints with my subordinates. It's our profession, and it's our pride. To truly work for the land of birth. I like being on the border because I feel like it's free," he said.
The former King of Kato is gone! Confirm fake news Preparing to run for congressional seat|Kato counters fake news, buzzing to run for MP as a new alternative for the people of Conn. If he wins, but sells better than if the online world shares the image. Former King Kato The announcement of a new option for the people of Kon Don to run for mp of a well-known political party has caused a lot of criticism. Yesterday (1 September) Mr. Pongsakorn Chankaew, a former King of Kato, posted a Facebook post clarifying fake news. After the news that he was going to play politics, he posted a fake news confirmation about his candidacy for the House of Representatives, writing, "The media is too good, there should be more ethics. It's fake news." During the live broadcast, Kato said, "Tell everyone I'm not down. I don't know. Not down. This is a rumor", and confirmed that it is fake news, and told the person who came to scold him that there would be a lawsuit against Tang Kato. unaware "But I'm not down. Don't scold or share because you insist that you don't, even if some people like it or some people don't. This habit doesn't know how to solve it. When you see your friends well, sell good things, and get jealous."
Open the image. The ceremony honored the retired Chief of Staff.|The ceremony of the King's birthday, along with the land garden, was an honor for the Director general on the occasion of his retirement. Admiral Somprasong Onyx The Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Navy presided over the ceremony held by the Marine Corps Command and The Aircraft Combat and Coast Guard Command in honor of the retired Commander of the Navy. Rear Admiral Sorawut Chuana, commander of the Aircraft Combat and Coast Guard Command, and local personnel welcomed the visit. The Commander of the Navy inspects the line of honor troops. Upon completion of the Honor Guard line inspection. The Commander of the Marine Corps Command invited the Commander-in-Chief to the ceremonial marquee. In this regard, the Commander of the Marine Corps Command paid tribute and presented a souvenir to the Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Navy, and then the Commander-in-Chief of the Navy praised the personnel in the area, saying, "The Royal Thai Navy's units located in this Sattahip area are important units in driving the Navy's mission in terms of preserving independence, sovereignty, national interests, supporting naval operations, and helping people in peacetime and disasters, as well as carrying out their missions as assigned by the government. Launched a recycling bank to manage waste sustainably, as well as carrying out royal volunteer activities for community development. Environmental Conservation Facilitate and ensure the safety of the people by all departments herein have fulfilled their assigned duties and tasks. It demonstrates the unit's capability, commitment and determination to perform the excellent duties of all personnel." The Commander-in-Chief then presented a souvenir to retired naval officers, including Admiral Manaswee Buranapong. The deputy permanent secretary of the Ministry of Defense then performed an umbrella show, a flag drop ceremony, and a ceremony to honor His Majesty the King at 6:40 p.m. Troops with equipment from Marine Corps Command and Aircraft Combat and Coast Guard Command Participate in the parade During his 1-year tenure as commander of the 55th Naval Region, Admiral Somprasong Onyx has focused on developing the Navy to be driven by the strategy. With a policy that focuses on the Navy to be the leading maritime security agency in the region and excellent in management by performing its duties with full capacity, loyalty, consciousness, and wisdom. Honesty and sincerity, with the sake of the common good more than any other, leading the Navy to progress by emphasizing unity and reconciliation, brotherhood, cooperation in the performance of duties, and emphasizing that unit commanders must take care of the unit and welfare. This is critical to achieving the Navy's goals. In particular, the implementation of the intentions of Admiral Somprasong. "Unite the heart, the nation, the people of faith".
People are in trouble! "Big Fort" can't be said.|"S.A.S.A." vowed the villagers were in trouble. Electricity bills go up, but wages are not covered, so "Big Fort" can't say that they don't know. I can't solve it, I shouldn't be acting Ms. Thasanee Buranupakorn, Chiang Mai MP. Pheu Thai Party discusses complaints From the people in the area, there is a very difficult life. Because the cost of living is constantly rising. Electricity, water, cooking gas, everything goes up, while labor adjustments are not covered. As a result, household expenses are rising, affecting family expenditures at the same time as the price of consumer goods. The highest peak has never been higher. Pork, chicken, prices are very high. Since selling pigs for 10 years, this is the highest price and adjusts the price every day. The price was never adjusted to sell at the same price, but the middleman mechanism, which relied on the timing of claims of pork in short supply, raised the price to the point that it affected the people. Duck eggs in this era are so high that the villagers cannot buy them because they are very expensive. At present, the average price of chicken eggs is 5-7 baht, while the latest price of duck eggs is 5.10 baht. The city is a golden egg because it is very expensive. Rising cost of living Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, Acting Prime Minister, will say that he does not know. Gen. Prawit must use this opportunity to build public confidence and take measures to alleviate the suffering of the people. Find measures to solve the cost of living problem for people urgently if they can't. It should not be the Acting Prime Minister. 
"Chaiwut" admires "Big Tou" with spirit. Visit the flooded area of Ayutthaya|"Chaiwut", the joint party, declared the flag of the Southern Andaman coast. Watch "Big Tou" with spirit, concern for the people, go to the area to see the flooding of Ayutthaya, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society As deputy leader of the Pracharat Party, he gave an interview while visiting Koh Libong, Kantang district, Trang province. Following the manatee conservation drone project, the issue of election readiness in the southern area of the Pracharat Party that the southern area is overseen by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The leader of the party directly, because he is familiar with the South, the MP or the candidate. It is a good opportunity for the South to have representatives of the Southern brothers and sisters to talk directly to Gen Prawit. Problem solving and development of the area will be done effectively in the southern regions. The Pracharat Party already has MPs in many provinces. Contribute to the people's confidence in their potential. The party will continue to find candidates who are recognized, known to the people, and will continue to work to take better care of the people. Mr Chaiwut said the party was already working throughout. As the mainstream party in the government. When it's election time, it's political campaigning. The policy was proposed again, but now it focuses on working and developing the area as best as possible before the site. Ayutthaya province of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, Minister of Defense Mr. Chaiwut said it must be appreciated. Gen. Prayuth with spirit Knowing that people who are affected by floods go down to check, it is something that is normally done because nowadays the military is the main force to help people in times of floods. I'm glad you did. Gen. Prayuth followed up to make the work stronger and faster.
"Thanakorn" defends "Big Tou" how well he does, closes his ears, closes his eyes, scolds, counterattacks. "Nattawut", who exactly is insatiable?|"Thanakorn" Garden "Nattawut" Who exactly is insatiable? "Gen. Prayuth" filed a complaint with the court. According to the normal judicial process, how good to do, close your ears and close your eyes and scold Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won. The List MP of the Pracharat Party mentioned the case of Nattawut Sayakue, director of the Family for Thailand. It said it had submitted a statement to the Constitutional Court of Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Defense Minister is a bill confirming that he will not stop, wants to stay. Insatiable He said the prime minister's actions followed normal judicial procedures that the law provides for the right to fight cases, but it may not be satisfactory for some people who tend to undermine the credibility of the judicial process on a daily basis. Therefore, what can I say to this group of people who have never listened to the voice of the majority in the country, seeing that it is strange that people who like to undermine the credibility of the judicial process, like to come out and demand that others respect justice, even if they themselves have never thought of doing it either. General Prayuth is ready to accept, not to make a positive diagnosis of himself, but when it is negative, he convulses, convulses, hysterically, does not accept the ruling. This kind of behavior is called insatiable. 
"Big Toe" Return the car to the Office of the Prime Minister. See clearly the license plate number.|Lottery fans hurriedly wrote down Hurry to buy a lottery check for the period 16/9/65 After "Big Tou" sent the car of the prime minister's office back, dreaded to take possession of the royal car, returning to use a private Mercedes from the case of the Constitutional Court unanimously The opposition petition was rejected by the prime minister for 8 years and voted 5:4 for Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha. Immediately stop performing the duties of the Prime Minister. It is expected that the proceedings will take approximately within a month. This September resulted in Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and the head of the Pracharat Party will act as Acting Prime Minister. On Facebook, Wassana Nanuam posted a photo with a message. It states: "Return the car, but don't take off the "Big Toe" return. The Mercedes of the Prime Minister's Office and the car following the procession came to a stop at the Royal Palace, dreaded to occupy the royal car because it stopped performing its duties, the Prime Minister waited for the decision of "8 years, the Prime Minister" revealed that he used his own car instead. The House has been preparing the premises since Tuesday, with the Deputy Secretary to the Prime Minister walking to the parking lot and waiting for Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Defense Minister returned the Mercedes of the Prime Minister's office, registration 4 กต 29, Bangkok, along with 3 other vehicles that Gen Prayuth had used as a vehicle during his duties, back to the Vehicle Division and secured Government House until the constitutional court's decision. To prevent criticism of possession. Government Property After the Constitutional Court suspended his duties on Aug. 24, Gen. Prayuth returned to his personal Mercedes, registration No. 1881, in Bangkok.
The Fusion Committee stopped the power of 3 P. Democracy comes first.|The atmosphere of the rally, the people's fusion group, organized a speech to stop the power of 3 P. count one Thailand. He also reiterated his position and invited the public to listen to tomorrow's speech at Ratchaprasong intersection at the Skywalk. Pathumwan Junction Led by Mr. Jatuporn Promphan, leader of the People's Fusion Committee, and Mr. Nitithorn Laungsaeng, or Lawyer Yanok Khao. Core fusion faculty Mr. Jatuporn also reiterated his position that democracy must come first. By seizing power for 3 P.M. and handing out stickers to people roaming around the skywalk that stated that the 3-P power was stopped to count one Thailand, while there were still some masses. He also attended the speech. Mr. Jatuporn revealed that tomorrow will be The speech will be held in a full-fledged format, which will show the public what the problem of the past 3 P's is at Ratchaprasong Junction, confirming that there will be no traffic closures tomorrow. If the police officers are in coordination with the shopping center, they can use the plaza in front of the mall. But if they can't, they will hold an event on the footpath and invite the public to attend the hearing. Tomorrow's Speech
"Valiant" pointed out that it should not put pressure on the Constitutional Court. 8-year-old president|The 8-year-old prime minister believes the results will definitely benefit the country. Whether Prayuth Chan-ocha turns 8 is currently under consideration by the Constitutional Court. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha has served as prime minister for 8 years or more, which is divided into three groups: those who express their opinions on an honest academic basis; Political groups Political parties with antagonistic political stances opposed to the Prime Minister. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has always been a political group. Political parties supporting the Prime Minister It is the right of individuals of each party to express their opinions and criticize Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's 8-year tenure as prime minister on the basis of reasons or political positions of each party, which may be agreed or disagreed with. But it should not be expressed by putting pressure on the Constitutional Court. No person or group of people should intervene. Directly or indirectly interfere with the work of the Constitutional Court, which should allow the Constitutional Court to act independently in accordance with the provisions of the law. However, he is convinced that if the Constitutional Court acts independently of its authority, it will be able to do so. The results of the diagnosis will definitely benefit the city.
"Memorial" advises "Prayuth" to hurry to announce his resignation, not to damage the country further.|"Memorial" advises "Prayuth" to hurry to announce his resignation, not to damage the country further. Look, it may not matter. Let the country-PA move on. Mr. Anusorn Iamsaan, deputy secretary of the Political Strategy and Direction Committee of the Pheu Thai Party, spoke about Gen. Anusorn's eight-year term as prime minister. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, after his legal team, made a 20-page statement and insisted on not counting his candidacy as prime minister on Aug. 24, 2014, so it's worth noting that Prayuth has been prime minister for eight years, but can only make a 20-page statement to the Constitutional Court, which is equivalent to writing two and a half pages a year because he doesn't know what to write. Further noted, the legal team did not say that Prayuth had not been prime minister since Aug. 24, 2014, but said he did not count that day despite the clip. There is clear evidence that Prayuth has been prime minister since Aug. 24, 2014. In fact, what Prayuth should do and how much easier it should be. i.e. don't fight. I don't have to struggle to announce my resignation because Thailand shouldn't have two prime ministers at the same time. The Deputy Prime Minister will continue to act as Prime Minister. While Prayuth will return as prime minister, it is not an easy task. Everyone knows that Prayuth is the prime minister. It's been eight years since the constitution banned him from becoming prime minister for more than eight years. Prayuth looks like a man climbing a mountain while his body is lifted. The past 8 years have not seen a piece of work and there are less than 8 months left to guarantee that Gen Prayuth will be able to work to solve the crisis of the nation and the people. Among the 29 prime ministers, Prayuth spent the most money. Borrow the most, generate public debt exceeding 10 trillion baht While the economic growth rate is the lowest among the prime ministers, so what will be communicated to Prayuth's legal team, rather than helping to keep fighting, should be told or warned that enough is enough. cabinet The ruling coalition has no problem, and the Pracharat Party has gone to Prawit for a tighter campaign. It shows that 8 years ago Prayuth may have mistaken himself for the center of the solar system. In fact, Prayuth may not be of any importance. Therefore, the nation and its people can move forward. Let's give the nation and its people a chance to move on.
"Sudarat" slams 2 P. but competes for power until he forgets the troubles of the P.C.|"Sudarat" slams 2P, but competes for power until he forgets the problems of the people. I am confident that there will be no dissolution of parliament because anyone wants to stay for a long time, get a political party, a deal, but not cut hearts. Waiting for 9-month general meeting 9Thai Build Thai Party The thai caravan was organized to reduce the cost of living by Mrs. Sudarat Keyuraphan, the party's chairman, along with Mr. Phatra Bhammontree, the candidate of the Thai Build Thai Party in Ratchathewi district, and others. Free eyeglasses, free haircuts, and rice and vegetable oil are distributed to the public at low prices at The Yami Ukkariyah Mosque (Cham Volunteer Mosque). Ratchathewi District. Khunying Sudarat said that setting up the Thai Build Party was her last mission to build a party for the little ones to get rid of debt, which is the policy of the Build Thai Party. Rich before aging, health must be strong, and the policy of pensioning people 3,000 per month to provide the elderly with money to use and reduce the number of children. Education policy: Free education until the end 3-year reduction in study time In the faculty that can be reduced Because it can find knowledge through online channels And the policy of 30 baht for good health in front of Mrs. Sudarat also said that the problem of the country today is not with Uncle Tu staying or uncle Pom acting or not acting. But today, the problem of the country lies in the stomachs of the people. Therefore, the Acting Prime Minister is not too busy vying for power and forgetting to take care of the people who are in trouble and wants to pay attention to reducing the cost of producing goods to reduce the livelihood of the people. Khunying Sudarat also mentioned that the current situation in Thai politics, where politics has changed, admits there is uncertainty. But today, Uncle Tu has to try to get back into existence. And Uncle Pom is trying to continue as Acting Prime Minister, which is normal for the authority to retain power. Deputy Prime Minister, Acting Prime Minister Is it because you are prepared to be prime minister in the future? Mrs. Sudarat said there is a possibility that The Pracharat Party will nominate Prawit is the prime minister's candidate because he heads the Pracharat Party, while the relationship of the 2P brothers and sisters cannot be reciprocated. Whether the brothers will create different stars. I had to ask him myself, but I couldn't answer. "I don't know, I don't know," which is a catchphrase for Gen. Prawit, Ms. Sudarat is confident that there will be no dissolution of parliament at this time because both parties want to keep power as long as possible. And the current political situation has nothing to worry about because there is no distrust debate again in the 2023 budget. As for joining hands with other parties, admitting that many parties have been in contact for a long time? But it is not disclosed in detail what kind of merger or affiliation it will be because it is in the process of making a decision and it is up to the party members to whom the Thai Build Thai Party will hold a conference on the 9th day of the 9th month. 
'Dare' Clearly speaking 'Korn'. Not leaving the party, but paving a new path in the 'national development' to save the E.C.|Attawich Suwanpakdee The secretary-general, along with the leader of the Dare Party, confirmed that Korn Jatiwanich, the former leader of the Dare Party, joined the National Pattana Party, saying that it was not a leave of friends because he already knew about it. The former chairman of the Dare Party strategy also resigned to join the new party, but it is not a party merger which would be illegal because it stipulates that it must be a party without MPs only to merge. Therefore, Korn's actions were subject to legal constraints, namely resignation to join, but not a party merger, when asked by reporters if Attawitch and other executives would gradually resign and join the National Pattana Party. Attawitch In short, he is still acting as secretary-general of the Dare Party and cannot interfere with his party. I still have a backlog, however, Attawitch insists that we still have the same ideology. The importance of political parties is the people.  The spirit of courage does not change, but it must be understood that the law does not open the way for political parties to merge. The Dare Party still has to be the Brave Party, and every change has consequences, which will definitely strengthen us. The end of this month will become clearer when back on Friday, September 2, 2022, Korn Jatiwanich, the former leader of the Dare Party, held a press conference on behalf of the party that will join forces with the National Pattana Party. Suwat said it was not a dissolution of the party, but rather an invitation to join the National Pattana Party on behalf of individuals. Meanwhile, Korn himself said that he did not come on behalf of the party, but had already discussed with his team and may join his economic team in the National Pattana Party in the future, but could not say more because he was concerned about the political party law. In fact, the Dare Party still has to stay legally, but the leaders of the party that they co-founded will gradually move to work with the National Pattana Party, similar to the characteristics of the Phalang Chon Party and the Pracharat Party in the past. The issue to watch is that it's constitutional. Political parties have the right to nominate three prime ministers if they win more than 25 seats. 'Korn' is the prime minister's candidate. Meanwhile, the National Pattana Party in the 2019 elections nominated Suwat, Devan Liptapallop, and Dr. Wannarat Channukul as prime ministerial candidates. Amid the news that Korn will merge both the position of party leader and the prime minister's candidacy because he sees Korn as suitable to salvage the current economic crisis, another issue is that although Korn said that the consolidation of power is not due to the formula for calculating MPs, a divided list of MPs that closes the way for smaller parties and gives the big parties an advantage in gaining seats in parliament. But this is due to the fact that if small or medium-sized parties come together, there is a chance that the big parties will win more seats, rather than cutting votes among themselves. The Thai Build Thai Party, the Seri Ruam Thai Party, the Thai Economic Party, the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, etc.
Digital Minister Vaughan Don't get caught wrong. "Big Fort" sits as the chairman of the meeting. Not sleeping.|Digital Minister Vaughan Don't get caught wrong. "Big Fort" sits as the chairman of the meeting. Not sleeping, perhaps some blinking(5 Sep 2022) at the water supply system project with the dry canal reservoir assembly building. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn The Digital Economy and Society Minister and deputy leader of the Pracharat Party spoke about the case on social media. Gen. Prawit has a posture like sitting and sleeping. During the policy meeting at Krabi Town Hall meeting room by Mr. Chaiwut said. Gen. Prawit presided over the report and was always interacting, perhaps at some point in the blink of an eye. It's not good. He presided over the meeting, sat and talked all the time. Prawit did not sleep after Gen. Prawit was briefed by relevant agencies and met with a group of farmers who came to receive it, which is an oil palm plantation tea farmers from 6 southern provinces, who came to give encouragement. That is the demand of the Pracharat Party and the government. As for the adjustment of the cabinet, itself cannot adjust the cabinet, it must wait. Gen. Prayuth returned. Let's wait and see how the court will order it. As for the exits, they are issued every Monday. As for the water situation in the south, it is not a concern. 
'Gen. Wich' of The Unity Party reveals the name of the Prime Minister's candidacy, raising the 2-pole model to end the conflict|After the electoral law, MPs ended up with a formula for calculating the 100-division list, causing smaller parties and new parties to start moving, such as party consolidation, etc., but the unification party that was launched at the beginning of August was not active. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, Acting Prime Minister?Sanook News Team Exclusive Interview Gen. Vij Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya, head of the Ruling Party and secretary-general of the Olympic Committee of Thailand In Royal Patronage The former students of the 11th Military Preparatory School and the 22nd class of cadets are 5 generations apart from each other with Gen. Prawit, who attended the 17th Army Cadet School, but became close when he moved to the rank of scout commander in Sa Kaeo Province. Working with Gen. Prawit as his commander at the time, Gen. Vij Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya, the leader of the Unification Party, told us that before they got to know each other, they were familiar with each other. Gen. Prawit said that at first he thought that he was an adult child who would come to take the position, but did not intend to work. Gen. Prawit Trust At the same time, before coming to serve in Sa Kaeo Province. I have heard that Gen. Prawit is the godfather of Aranyaprathet, and when I met him, he knew that he was noble because he had been in the area for a long time. Get to know the whole people. Merchants, civilians, and what impressed me most was patience and good care for his subordinates, who saw him as an idol in this regard and adapted to his professional life.  He revealed that he never wanted to be a politician or even a soldier, but wanted to be a doctor, a rugby player, according to the dreams of a typical high school student. As a result, he had to choose to replace his mother by attending cadet school and continuing to serve in the military until she was nominated. With Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and eventually serving as chairman of the Army Advisory Board, Gen. Wichit enjoyed the profession was the discipline of Gen. Vij Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya, the head of the National Unity Party in politics. After his retirement Gen. Prawit, who is a close senior. He was called to help in politics as the chief strategist of the Phalang Pracharat Party, and by accident during that time he continued to work in politics as the head of the Thai Economic Party and eventually the head of the Unification Party. He admits that politics is the hardest thing I've ever seen, but I think that if there's still energy, we have to work for the good of the land." Before we die." When asked if the party was set up to support Uncle Pom as prime minister, he said: Is that true? He replied, "I can honestly say that there is a possibility that if you are healthy and mentally strong enough to be, but if your health is not good, then we need to find someone who is effective and mentally capable of working for the city.  Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The deputy prime minister, the acting prime minister, was the answer to his frank style of speaking, and when asked by reporters how the party's principled land reunification would be achieved, he said: When every party that has ever spoken to do it has never succeeded? And if it combines the polar opposite of the government and the opposition. Will the Unification Party be ok? He said he had never seen the city as peaceful and people live as well as they should. It's time for us to unite, unite the land, not to cause conflict, and to keep the country going. And it's even good because the people who benefit are the country and the people, and the Unification Party itself is ready with all parties to take office. Take care of the city to be peaceful and the people happy. The people choose who they are, and they are ready to work with them when they ask what goes between peace and good eating. If I have to choose, what to choose? Gen. Wich replied that the people must be chosen to live well first. If we live well, it will merge in such a way that it will not cause chaos in the city, but actually the two must come together. It's not. He also revealed that the Ruam Land Party plans to field candidates in 150 to 200 constituencies and expects to win 20 to 25 seats. I hope to make policies for people to live well and have peace as long as they can work for the nation. "I'm 73 years old and I'm 73 years old, and maybe some of the younger generation think that I'm more likely to stay at home... People like Ah are still useful enough to help the city...we want everything to go home. The city is peaceful. People are eating well," he said.
Oops! The court ordered Bangkok Thanakom to pay BTS 12 billion baht. Within 180 days|Date 7 Sep 2022 At 11.00 a.m., the Central Administrative Court scheduled to read the judgment in the company's case. Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited, the operator of the BTS Skytrain, filed a lawsuit against Bangkok and Bangkok Thanakom Co., Ltd. for breach of contract for operation and maintenance services. The Central Administrative Court read the judgment to Bangkok and Bangkok Thanakom Co., Ltd. to pay the operating wages to BTS within 180 days from the date the case ended. Extension 1: 2,348,659,232.74 Baht with interest on principal of 2,199,091,830.27 Baht2. Extension 2 amounted to 9,406,418,719.36 Baht with interest on the principal amount of 8,786,765,195.47 Baht. The Green Line project, which Bangkok has granted concessions to Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited, develops an extension to date, namely On Nut - Kheha Samut Prakan. During Mochit-Khu Khot and Taksin-Bang Wa bridge span, BTS has been hired to operate the extension of the skytrain, as well as the installation and maintenance of the BTS system.
As expected! Parliament rejects 4 amendments|The Parliament voted by a majority not to accept the principle of drafting 4 constitutional amendments with the following votes: 1. The vote accepted the principle of 382 to 252, but received only 40 votes from the Senate, which is less than 1/3. Nan and the leader of the Pheu Thai Party and his party proposed the rights of individuals and communities.2.The vote was 346 to 299, but only 8 votes were received by the Senate, which is less than 1/3. Amendment of Section 29, addition of Section 29/1, Amendment of Section 34, Section 44, Section 45, Section 47 and Section 48. 3.The vote was 346 to 292, but only 9 votes were received by the Senate, which is less than 1/3 of the votes of not more than half of the parliament, which is a resolution not to accept the principle of drafting the constitution amendment article 159 paragraph one and article 170 paragraph two. Dr. Cholnan Srikaew and his team were the proponents, which relate to the qualifications and origin of the Prime Minister from the selection by MPs only 4.The vote received the principle of 356 to 253, but received only 23 votes from the Senate, which is less than 1/3. The 64,151 electors proposed the first term of the resolution by at least half of the members of the two houses of parliament, 364 votes, of which at least one-third of the votes must be approved by at least 84 senators or more. Dissident senators insisted that the senators had come under the 2017 constitution that had already been passed in a referendum, and that the senators themselves had helped vote on the constitutional amendment from one ballot to two. He reiterated that the senators themselves are not dominated by the government and have the right to make decisions, but asked the opposition not to blame and satirize the senators, while the senators who agreed with the four constitutional amendments commented that the political situation has now changed. If the prime minister comes from a vote of MPs, but there is no majority in the House of Representatives. It is politically unstable, and it doesn't last long because it faces distrustful debate. Additionally, embossed words The senator further argued that the senator's duty under the spirit of Article 272 is to protect the country's reforms. But now the reform plan of the last 5 years will be completed in November 2020. Therefore, senators are not required to have the authority under the said section. There have been sporadic clashes between opposition MPs and MPs, such as during Rangsiman Rome, the party's list MP, stepping aside. The prime minister often claimed that MPs were elected by the candidates of each district. But only 50 out of 250 people, representing only 20%, claimed that the senators were already democrats, while the other 80% were the National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO). There are 12 prep military gangs. 21 friends of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha, 6th Lt. Col. Friend Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan 5 deputy prime ministers, including friends and sisters Alumni of the National Legislative Assembly (NIA) and many others who have worked with the NCPO. As many as 150 people caused Senator Kittisak Ratnavaraha to rise up to protest that he wanted to withdraw the word gang, criticizing others for self-esteem. Student Loan Fund Debt And as an MP with rounded votes, Rangsiman got up and said, "Let me ask who the word gang, who is corrupt? If you use harsh words, it hurts. It is not in accordance with the regulations. If he says that there are those who don't use the debt, the Mr. Pornpetch then braked to reduce the offensive remarks and asked Mr. Kittisak to withdraw his remarks, but Mr. Kittisak refused to withdraw. As a result, Mr. Pornpetch forbade Mr. Kittisak to discuss or speak again. He has risen to clarify the non-use of debts, that he has never owed debts, previously he was poor and had to take out a loan, but he has always paid off debts, never defaulted even once, and after he became an MP, he used more debt until today he has no debt. Even one baht, free. Senator Suwanpanon said he disagreed with all four drafts. Many senators have different opinions. It shows that senators are independent. Have your own ideas. But the current senator has been accused over the past 3 years of not coming from the people. But he insisted that it was from the same constitution as the Progressive Party, because the New Future Party was dissolved because of a political accident. But with the power of the Constitution 60 stipulating that the dissolved political party can find another party within 60 days, then come to the current party. Meanwhile, Amarat protested that this way, also known as maturity, it is appropriate for the people to disgust the President for not speaking. This is considered a bad example, and then Seri protested for Amarat. He retracted his words, but Pornpetch clarified that he could not hear, and Amarat had already walked out of the room. Asked to continue, Kittisak got up and protested that if he said something bad and walked out of the meeting room, he would do something.
constitutional court 8-year-old Prayuth's opening Police in charge of normal-no reinforcements|The atmosphere at the Constitutional Court today Police officers from the local police station and court officials were on duty, but no force was deployed to respond if a group of protesters arrived at the Constitutional Court, where a special meeting was held today to consider Gen Prayuth Chan-ocha's eight-year term as prime minister after the Constitutional Court unanimously accepted the opposition's request to consider the term. On Aug. 24, a 5-to-4 vote called for Gen. Prayuth to temporarily stop performing his duties as prime minister. The review process must be completed by September. The court ordered the respondent to clarify within 15 days of the suspension of duty on September 1. Prayuth's legal team has already submitted a clarification document to the Constitutional Court, which clarifies that he is the prime minister in the current constitution. It cannot be counted towards the 2014 prime ministership as it is a position under the interim constitution. The 23-page document of Mr. Michai Ruchuphan, the former chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee, sent to the Constitutional Court, was leaked online, reiterating that Prayuth's eight-year term as prime minister should be counted from April 6, 2017, or on the constitutional date of the Kingdom of Thailand. B.E. 2560 Effective
"Shakti" Go solo to encourage the people of Don Mueang. Point out the Prem Canal, the heart of which drains the flood.|Chatchachart wading through floodwaters in Don Mueang area The key to drainage is the Prem Canal. Drainage is now like an elevator, time to get up quickly, time to descend in steps today (09 Sep 22). Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok Along with a team visiting the area to check the water situation in Khlong Prem Phaeng, inside Soi Chang Akat Uthit, Don Mueang Subdistrict, Don Mueang District, Bangkok, Mr. Chatchat said that the area is already a thin bulge. Risk of flooding due to slow drainage efficiency in surrounding canals The main factors of slow drainage There are no barrages, and houses encroaching on the canal. As a result, the canal cannot be dredged at full capacity. And before that, there was another problem: the contractor abandoned the work. This makes the work slow. It is now rushing to find a replacement contractor and requiring contractors who have abandoned their work to pay fines: "Drainage efficiency is now like an elevator when going up early and down the stairs". The areas of concern at the moment are Khlong Prem Phaeng, Khlong Lat Phrao and Khlong Prawet. It has assessed the direction of drainage if there is no additional rain, expecting that the water can be reduced according to the level. The canals are not fully functional. As a result, when it rains, the water can drain less than usual, which the Governor of Bangkok admits that when it floods, it must accept the condition and solve the problem urgently. In the last two months, the area has been very sparse, as pumps have been installed in the area. However, this year's flood was different from the '54 flood because it was north water that was discharged. But now Bangkok faces more rainwater. The drainage part can be drained in three ways. The first way drains north. Get off at Khlong Prem Tai pumping station. On the west side, go to the Krom Chon pumping station, pass through the Canal Ban Mai, Bang Khen, Bang Nam, Samsen, into the Chao Phraya River. "The key to drainage is the canal, even if there is a tunnel or monkey cheek cannot drain the water fully if the canal is not drained", when asked by a reporter what is the difference between feeling as a citizen when flooded and feeling as governor. Mr. Chatchat said that as a citizen, when the flood is over, he only worries about his own house, but when he becomes a governor, everyone is worried about Bangkok. The feeling of concern is greater and I want to help solve the problem as soon as possible.
"Thai Rak Thai Gen1" and "Sudarat-Somkid" Parting ways leads the party.|This week marks the 2 new parties holding important events, namely the Future Building Thailand event of the Future Of Thailand Party that launched "Somkid Jatusripitak" as the party's president and candidacy for president, and the Extraordinary General Conference. The Thai Build Thai Party voted to elect Mrs. Sudarat Keyuraphan as its leader and the prime minister, both of whom had been affiliated with the pioneering Thai Rak Thai Party together on 9 months. Mrs. Sudarat Keyuraphan is the party leader. Ms. Sita Tiwari is the party's general secretary. Tidarat Yingcharoen is the party spokesperson. Panpanich is the treasurer, Thawatchai Suttibongkoch is the party registrar, and 11 deputy party chiefs such as Suphan Mongkolsuthee, Prawat Uttamoch, Perpong Chaisarn, Lt. Col. Kulthana Prachuapsorn, Nathya Dang Bunga, along with 50 members of the party's executive committee. Phonkul Former President of the National Assembly He said on stage that the party would support Ms. Sudarat as prime minister on the party's account. Express your vision that we wish for more than 30 years of political experience to lead the party in order to change Thailand. To create a better life for the Thai people and to volunteer on behalf of all the people, not to let them have to fight against poverty according to the law. The past 90 years of Thai democracy have revolved around a coup d'état to seize power. Many political parties claim to be democrats but never rise up to defend the people. Instead, they cooperated with the authoritarian system against the people. Especially these 8 years. The judicial process is distorted, there is corruption. The bureaucracy has adopted authoritarianism, causing inequality in Thailand to be among the highest in the world. Household debt is so high that people can barely move on. This is the most miserable time since he has been in politics. The Thai Build Thai Party will build the best Thailand to deliver to future generations and overcome conflicts to build an economy. Take care of people to have a good quality of life from birth to old, unlocking the country to move forward. Under Empathy Democracy. Mrs. Sudarat announced the unlocking of the country in 4 areas as follows: Unlock the political crisis, change the bureaucracy to serve the people, suspend the use of laws that hinder livelihoods, and suppress corruption under 2 principles: Liberate and Empower the little people, and propose 5 funds, namely with a public pension policy of 3,000 baht and 30 baht for good health. Today, we will continue to make Thai people healthier. Free education policy up to bachelor's degree and equal quality of education The goal is to make Thailand a center in 7 areas: "In the election, we invite the people of Kathai to build the whole district of Thailand to transform Thailand successfully. Dear Thai brothers and sisters, It invites proof to authoritarianism and the world how great our hearts are. So great that it can turn the bad of the country into goodness, creating great happiness for the Thai people. The Thai Build Thai Party would like to volunteer to be the vanguard to accomplish this and ask all party members to join hands to build a better Thailand for everyone." Sudarat said. Mrs. Sudarat gave an interview. After the meeting, the party said it would move forward no matter what the rules were and insisted on a new alternative solution for the people not to get caught up in the vicious circle. Will it merge with other parties? Khunying Sudarat said the Thai Build Thai Party is friendly to everyone. The past rift is enough. Political parties, although different ideas, should work together to do it for the people. Now we are fully ahead of the Thai Build Thai Party on the 8th day of the 9th month#คิดสร้างอนาคตไทย Launched "Somkid Jatusripitak" sitting party president. Party leader Nain and party secretary-general Sontirat Sonthijirawong announced that Chu Somkid would be the prime minister's candidate on Somkid's party's account, accompanied by his youngest son, Nachat Jatusripitak, or Nong Klang. He wants to understand why his father had to come back and help his brothers, all because of his duties, not because of the prime minister's position. The position of Prime Minister has no meaning at all, but it is meant to be a leader who has made a difference in Thailand. Thailand has had prime ministers in all eras, some good, some weak, but it is difficult to find a leader who makes a difference in the way that seriously develops the country, not because he does not dare, but because the power is not reached. Don't think extreme, divide parties, divide colors, divide groups that only destroy themselves. And the power of the nation to fix and create a future for the nation, in which political parties without intellectual structures only have power structures, will not survive. He said he would set up a fund to build the future of Thailand. More than 60 percent of the Fund for the Future of Thai people is in agriculture, but they contribute little to GDP, so they don't have the purchasing power, so we need to change and help these people. In addition, tourism reform and the circulation of money in the community must be achieved. When connecting modern agriculture and tourism Is there a way that life will not improve? It's not. The fault is not in insurance or pledge, but in corruption. The future ahead is not about big companies, it's about everyone. Big Data & Technology The second fund must be funded and overhauled entirely, while diversifying the budget and power that is at the heart of strengthening the internal economy. Constitutional Amendment The constitutional change is not just about the rules of elections, but about the decentralization of power, budgets and bureaucracy to move forward. It must not be from anyone who writes the Constitution. All ages are involved, including the younger generation. The Future Of Thailand Party must draw the people to participate because the party will grow from the support of the people, become the power behind it, until the big parties have to listen"Do not skimp on power, cherish the position, succeed, do not seek power, must seek people, do not come to say 7 people, 1 seat. I don't listen, if there are any MPs in the party who go out of their way and betray their ideology, ask Uttam to dismiss the party's executive committee. We must be the party of the real people. We have to do our best, and we must have no enemies, we must have friends. Others are good at it, too. Thai people can't wait. It's at this point if it continues to do so unchanged. The children would go to the outer cities," Somkid said.
Get to know "Tidarat" from a family of Myanmar immigrants to a Thai spokesperson for Build Thailand.|After the Thai Party created the Extraordinary General Meeting on the 9th day of the 9th month under the campaign "Let's change the country together. A new party executive committee led by Khunying Sudarat Keyuraphan was elected as the party leader and "Tidarat Yingcharoen" as the party spokesperson. Yingcharoen is the director of the Policy Center. Thai Build Thai Party She said on the Thailand Building Stage on July 6, 2021: "Her family is a small person with no social costs, barely seeing educational opportunities. Her father is a Myanmar immigrant family. The whole family immigrated to Thailand because it is a land of freedom, hope and opportunity. She was given the opportunity to study in Thailand and if she had given educational opportunities to people who did not have the same social costs as she did in the past, it would give those little people a better chance of success." She said her life-changing education resulted in scholarships from Chulalongkorn University, British Government Scholarships and Chinese Government Scholarships. Faculty of Political Science, International Relations, Chulalongkorn University (Faculty of Political Science Scholarship), Master's Degree in Public Policy The Master of Public Policy, University of Oxford, is funded by the British government, and is also a Thai representative of the University of Oxford to participate in english debates that have won multiple awards in many countries around the world. The Future Leaders Program, Master of Public Administration, Tsinghua University is not all. Tidarat has prepared a draft of the Universal Periodic Review report of Thailand. 1st Permanent Mission of Thailand to the United Nations in Geneva He represented Thailand in the Constitution Building Training Course for Civil Society project by the United Nations in Spain, representing Thailand at the One Young World Summit 2017 in Colombia, Professional fellow President Obama's Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative (YSEALI) for Political Affairs Tidarat was deputy spokesperson for the Party for Foreign Affairs, secretary of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Secretariat of the House of Representatives Parliament of Thailand Her profile is extraordinary, especially when politics is hot. Tidarat has periodically come out in response to criticisms of the state's work. Her name was taken into account to push for the position of spokesperson for the Thai Build Thai Party amid a wave of young people stepping into politicians hoping to change Thailand. Tidarat is another young politician with a good profile, especially in foreign affairs. Democrats prepare to run in upcoming elections
Pro 9.9 Party Advanced! Launched candidates for The Bangkok Congress with the names of people who have not gone further.|After the far-right party launched its "Must Go Far, Let Thailand Progress" election campaign, it was launched that the candidates of the 23 districts of the far-right Party of Bangkok insisted that although these candidates have diverse origins and backgrounds, they have the same DNA that they want to change the country forward. Believing in change and adhering to principles rather than personal interests, many of them have interesting profiles. If you look at the famous saying that there are only 2 MPs who already own the area, namely As Phiphop and Natcha, although the far-right party now has 7 MPs who are still affiliated with the party, then 5 more, why not go further?
The state clarified the people in case they were called as witnesses in the corruption case, "We travel together".|"Tipanan" informed the public that he was called as a witness in the corruption case "We travel together", first contacted the police station that owned the case to ask for an interrogation near the house, reiterating that one case is not related to other cases. The government is cracking down on corruption in the state project of Ms. Tipanan Sirichana. The deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said that the government's policy to combat corruption in the state program and the opening of the Information and Technology Crime Suppression Center has been taken seriously and intensively to prevent the country's budget from leaking. Found that by implementing the project, we travel together. During the period from September 1, 2021 to January 1, 2022, there were 323 criminal prosecutions against the fraudsters of the We Travel Together project. If the hotel or accommodation that is exercising the right is fraudulent. People who have been summoned to testify in the We Travel Together corruption case, which may be located in a remote area from the provincial police station of the owner of the case, such as having to travel across the province, ask the public to immediately contact the police station according to the summons for advice and inform about the problem of traveling to witness the We Travel Together project. Phase 4 Extension, where the government is open for registration 1.5 million hotel-hotel rights were booked with 1.5 million registered hotel rights as of September 1, 2022, reflecting the potential of the project to stimulate public spending through domestic tourism. Hotel and related business operators A survey conducted by the Thai Hotel Association in collaboration with the Bank of Thailand (BOT) found that the average occupancy rate in August 2022 was 48%, up from the previous month and up from the same month last year. While hotels with revenues exceeding 50% increased mainly from the more than 4-star hotel group, the government is trying to find measures to alleviate the suffering and help all groups of people. Projects that the public is satisfied with Solve the problem on the spot as a result. It requires the honesty and integrity of all parties and the whole system. For the real benefit of the people and the nation.  
"Prawit" prepares to go north to Tak province tomorrow|"Prawit" prepares to go north to Tak province tomorrow, handing over land for arable land, stable houses in Mae Sot city and water situation in Tak pol province, Prawit Wongsuwan province. vice-premier The Acting Prime Minister is preparing to visit Mae Sot District, Tak Province tomorrow (12 Sep 22) to hand over a letter of permission to enter or live in the National Forest Reserve at The King's Science Community Enterprise Ban Kong Mae Sot and the water situation in Tak province. From Bangkok to Mae Sot International Airport, Tak province, before traveling to The King's Science Community Enterprise, Ban Kong Muang Mae Sot. Mae Pa Subdistrict, Mae Sot District, Tak Province, to be the Chairman of the "Co., Ltd." Grant rights Handing over happiness in arable land "at The King's Science Community Enterprise Ban Steadfast Mae Sot by Maj. Gen. Chalermkiat Sriworakhan Chairman of the Land Bank Management Institute said the report and Mr. Somchai Kitcharoenroj, Governor of Tak Province. Gen. Prawit will give a letter of permission to enter or live within the national forest reserve. There are 5 forests comprising "Strait Forest and Mae GoenGen Forest", "Mae La Mao Forest", "Mae Sot Forest", "Tha Song Yang Forest" and "Mae Rooka Forest". To the people in the strait forest area and Mae GoenGen forest. 1,231 volumes of the King's Community Enterprise Area, Ban Steadfast, Mae Sot City. Mae Pa Subdistrict, Mae Sot District, Tak Province, 43 households have access to the land lease. In the area of 58 rai, the community highlights "Safe Food Agricultural Community in Mae Sot City Security Area" for a period of 1 year. Community members have worked together to develop the area. There has been a lot of progress in land use. Members have housing and have more income, able to build network partners at the local level until they receive development support from various sectors, integrate infrastructure development and promote training according to the sufficiency economy philosophy for community members. Members earn income from growing and selling vegetables and processed products in the area. Responding to the problem of poor farmers, Gen. Prawit will travel to the lower Huai Mae Sot reservoir. To monitor the water situation in Tak province at the lower Huai Mae Sot reservoir before returning to Bangkok. 
Court sentenced to 3 years in prison for wearing Thai clothes in Silom Identify violations of Section 112|Internet Project for People's Law (ILAW) A Twitter post on Monday (Sept. 12) said the South Bangkok Criminal Court had sentenced a 2020 Thai fashion wearer to three years in prison, citing violations of Article 112 of the Criminal Code, but the defendant testified in favor of the case and reduced his sentence by one-third to two years. The defendant in the case insisted that he had no intention of imitating anyone, and the lawyers asked for temporary release (bail) to fight the case in the court of appeal.
Anupong Insist the government can manage water! Revealed that the residual drainage has been exhausted.|Gen. Anupong Tribejinda The Minister of Interior responded to a live verbal question from Senator Panthep Darnarongran. Regarding flood prevention and measures to help affected people, the amount of water flowing into the Chao Phraya River from the Ping, Wang, Yom, Nan and Pasak rivers, the Bang Sai Water Level Monitoring Station in Nonthaburi province has measured the flow volume at 2,100 cubic meters per second, which is a level that does not affect the drainage of Bangkok. If bangkok wants to be able to drain the water, it will release no more than 3,500 cubic meters of water per second. Confirm that Thailand can still manage water. The residual drainage in each dam has been exhausted. If in the future, there is a lot of water flowing down to fill it again. The Chao Phraya Dam in Chainat province can also store a lot of water.
"Big Pom" to the inspector general's area, Tak province The villagers wrote down the license plate number of the car. Hope this installment!|"Big Fort" Acting Prime Minister visits government inspection area, Tak Province The villagers wrote down the license plate number of the car to try their luck. Hope for September 16! Sep 2022) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, acting on behalf of the Prime Minister, and his delegation consists of: Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society, Mr. Santi Phrompat Deputy Minister of Finance, Lt. Col. Anurag Jirajit "Deputy S" of the Prime Minister's Secretariat, acting as advisor to the Minister of Digital Affairs, visited the inspector general's office in Tak province. From the Pracharat Party (PDP) and the Thai Economic Party (TPP), as well as the candidates of the affiliated MPs, welcomed the event. Lt. Gen. Apichet Honest, Commander of the 3rd Region, Maj. Gen. Akradej Pimolsri, Commander of Provincial Police Region 6, Mr. Somchai Kitcharoenrungroj, Governor of Tak Province Heads of government, private sector and local mass power groups welcomed the occasion. Miss JUTTAWAN KACHA The advisor to the mayor of Tak, Tak province, presented a garland of flowers. Gen. Prawit In addition, students, youth, ethnic groups, the Muse people. Ban Huai Pla Lad Mae LaMao Mae Sot, Tak province, held a sign expressing gratitude to the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (MDES). Assigned Lt. Col. Anurag Jirajit "Deputy S" of the Prime Minister's Secretariat to install the internet system. Technology for the Muse people to take advantage of the Internet There will also be more than 20 internet installations in the area. The district meets Phra and Umphang district, Tak province, in accordance with the government policy by the Ministry of Digital Affairs. Mr. Sadejchai Suwanchan The mayor of Umphang subdistrict and the leaders of local administrative organizations (OTS) and mass leaders in Umphang district also submitted a letter asking for help. Budget and land rights of the villagers. Gen. Prawit came to inspect the government in Mae Sot district. The mission consists of: "Check the work of the company. Delegate Providing happiness in arable land" at The King's Science Community Enterprise, Ban Steadfast, Mae Sot City. In addition, the Acting President and his delegation also visited the lower Huai Mae Sot reservoir and opened the event and granted land rights to representatives of community enterprises, including granting permission to enter or live within the National Forest Reserve (NCPO) to representatives of the people in the area in land management, the Land Bank Management Institute (Public Organization) or THE COMPANY, which supports arable land for 43 families with an area of 58 rai to solve the shortage of arable land for farmers and the poor through the Sustainable Land Management Project of THE COMPANY since 2020. The director of Tak Irrigation and related parties provided detailed information on the readiness in various aspects, including the location to accommodate the deputy prime minister's delegation, security, etc. This is to monitor the water situation and meet the people to listen to the needs of the people in the area with reporters who are waiting to welcome the people who are waiting to welcome the registration of Gen. Prawit's car that is used in the area, namely Toyota brand cars. Alpard White, registration number H 7654, Bangkok, to try his luck as the lottery is close to the lottery date on September 16.
Seripisut confident The MINISTRY filed a court to dissolve the Pracharat Party.|Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiyves Leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party He later testified before the Election Commission (EC). In the trial of the petition, the smaller party received money from the Pracharat Party. He cited the domination of small parties, which is punishable by dissolution of at least 6 related political parties under Article 20 of the Political Parties Act, and that it is good that the police are responsible for this petition in the inquiry. And receive monthly remuneration for both people in their own party and other parties. Admitting that there is no clear evidence, but there is information that there is money transferred and signed, including the bank account number and the acceptance clip, it is mentioned that the list appears in the signed document claiming to be the receipt of money, that there are 7 MPs who signed it, but as far as I can see, there is only one MP who debated in the House, Mr. Ravi Maschamadol, MP of the New Power Party, and challenged that he is the MP responsible for legislating but does not know the law. The National Anti-Corruption Bureau (NACC) also investigated Mr. Somchai Srisuttayakorn, a member of the Ruam Thai Liberal Party. Clarification of the procedure that in entering today's statement as 1 of the 2 petitioners, the other is Mr. Srisuwan. Charaya, secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations, believes that after this, the KGT will also summon the petitioner to give a statement. Meanwhile, The SEC has sent a letter to all banks to verify the financial route in which the receipt document is signed. Call for The MINISTRY hastened to investigate and submit to the Constitutional Court before the next elections take place.
"Chuvit" analyzes forex 3D case, jail language, called ten thousand years of litigation. Not entitled to pardon.|Chuvit analyzes Forex 3D case, jailed for ten thousand years because of public fraud case However, under the law, a maximum of 20 years in prison is not entitled to a pardon. The post analyzes the Forex 3D case, the language of the prison calls for tens of thousands of years because it is a public fraud case. The penalty rate is high, but according to the law, the maximum imprisonment is 20 years, not entitled to pardon. Mr. Chuvit stated, "The Forex 3D case is primarily charged with "defrauding the public." This kind of case in prison is called a "ten thousand years case". The court ruled that it was karma. If each offense is 5 years multiplied by 2,000 victims, it can be ten thousand years, but under the law, the maximum imprisonment can be 20 years. From 10,000 years to 5,000 years and then 20 years. Because I hope the court dismissed the case that I found in prison, these cases look like good, knowledgeable people, meet outside like a doctor, complain that I am wrong? Scribble the revenue curve. How to make money Show albums of supercars, houses with swimming pools, flying private jets, client seminars for people interested in having a good life, retiring from the age of 30, flying to the city outside every month. Don't be fooled, let's whisper a little more. They don't have the right to pardon either, stay old, or jail language called "stay until their wife turns." Real life is sadder than in fiction, a little richer, but outside of prison, better than rich in the sky, but living in prison."
Court grants bail to man dressed in Thai costume m. 112 Prohibition of leaving the country.|The Internet Project for People's Law (ILAW) revealed that at 11 a.m. Wednesday (Sept. 14) The Court of Appeal granted New-Jatuporn Sae-ung's temporary release. Thai costume author walking fashion in Silom In Bangkok In 2020, using securities to apply for temporary release, this time 300,000 baht ILAW. It said it granted temporary release to fight the case in the appeals court. There is a ban on leaving the country without the permission of the court, and it is forbidden to participate in activities that may damage the monarchy. He was sentenced on Monday (Sept. 12) to three years in prison for violating Article 112 of the Penal Code, but the defendant testified in favor of the case and reduced the sentence to one-third to two years.
constitutional court 8-year-old Prayuth's fateful day at 3:30 p.m.|The Constitutional Court said on Wednesday (Sept. 14) that it will hold a verbal statement, vote and read the ruling on Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's eight-year term as prime minister on Sept. 30 at 3 p.m. This comes after the Constitutional Court took up the matter on Aug. 24, the eighth anniversary of Prayuth's tenure as prime minister. If since 2014 and on the same day. The Constitutional Court also ordered that Gen Prayuth has temporarily suspended his duties as prime minister. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister is the Acting Prime Minister.
Somchai Mong-ung Inc. Paethongthan is the next prime minister.|Mr. Somchai Wongsawat, former Prime Minister, mentioned that Ung-ink-Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, the head of the family for Thailand, will have the opportunity to be prime minister. Whether it is appropriate or not depends on the voice of the people and must pass the rules and regulations according to the law, through the approval of the party executive committee and through the resolution of the people.LILLIAN SUWANRUMPHA / AFP Mr. Somchai Wongsawat Will the former prime minister, under the leadership of Ms. Phaethongthan's Pro-Thai family, bring the Pheu Thai Party back into government? People think that Ms. Phaethongthan is not now the leader of the party, but someone with good intentions to help the Pheu Thai Party, which has a party leader and a member of the party executive committee. Ms. Paethongthan respects the rules, while the Pheu Thai Party proposes anyone is a matter for the Pheu Thai Party itself, while noting the goal of pushing Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra and Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra back to Thailand, everything is in accordance with the rules. When the rules are followed, the action cannot be taken in violation of the rules, which is a personal opinion. In action, if possible, everyone wants the couple to come back, while the appearance of Ms. Phajaman at Pom Phet is seen as someone who has been in a family that has worked in politics, and the launch of Ms. Phajaman is an encouragement to the family, which is normal. It's common for parents to be a parent.
Wittaya Buranasiri, former Health Minister, has passed away.|Wittaya Buranasiri Aded, Minister of Public Health, has passed away. After falling unconscious at the residence, Siri, 62, reported today (Sept. 15). At 10.00 a.m., Mr. Wittaya Buranasiri, 62, a former health minister, was knocked unconscious at home. Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya The doctor had been working on the heart pump for a long time, but was still unconscious. Mr. Wittaya has reportedly passed away amid the grief of relatives and acquaintances. The body is currently at Thammasat Rangsit Hospital awaiting an autopsy on his death, according to Mr. Natee Bosuwan, a former deputy governor of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Mr. Witthaya revealed that at about 8.30 a.m., Mr. Wittaya ate orange curry. Mr. Witthaya talked about flooding problems with a lot of drainage. Mr. Natee and his friend took him to Bang Pa-in Hospital to do a heart pump, but he was unconscious, so he sent him to Thammasat Hospital, where Mr. Witthaya had symptoms of heart disease, but Mr. Witthaya did not like to see a doctor, saying that he was healthy. As spearhead of the Party for Thailand for History, Mr. Wittaya Buranasiri Born on January 16, 1960 in Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Former Mp for Ayutthaya Multiple eras Former Chairman of the Party Strategy Committee And former deputy leader of the Party for Thailand, former Minister of Health. In the Yingluck Shinawatra government and former chairman of the Ruling Coalition Coordinating Committee.
The House of Representatives voted to repeal the regulation law.|The House of Representatives voted on Wednesday (Sept. 14) to withdraw a bill regulating the consumption of marijuana and hemp from consideration by the House of Representatives. The bill was scheduled to be voted on individually, also known as Agenda 2 out of 3, on that day, but a mover withdrew the bill. It claims that the content has been considered in Agenda 1 and from the Commission on This Draft. One of them is the increasing use of marijuana among young people. Several members of the House of Representatives (MPs) from the Bhumjaithai Party, the party that has been promoting a liberal marijuana policy since before the 2019 elections, want to continue to consider it and say that if they want to resolve any issue, they can do so in consideration of Agenda 2. When there is a vote on the bill, the bill should be withdrawn. A majority voted in favour of withdrawing the bill. With 198 to 136 votes, the consumption of marijuana is currently limited to a few laws, one of which is the Ministry of Public Health's Notification on Controlled Herbs (Cannabis) B.E. 2565 (2022) and the Drug Code, which also provides extracts from cannabis plants containing THC (THC) concentrates of more than 0.2% of their weight as narcotic substances. 
Enter election mode! The campaign will be held on Sept. 24.|Electoral Commission (EC) A document was published on Friday (Sept. 16) that Sept. 24 will be the 180-day period left in the House of Representatives, meaning political parties will be able to campaign for the next election." As the period approaches 180 days before the expiration of the term of the House of Representatives, "The Constitution Act (ACT) Section 68 provides that campaigning can be conducted if the House of Representatives has 180 days left until the day before the election date. He said the campaign must also comply with Article 73 of the Act. The section provides that vote buying is prohibited by incentivizing or proposing to give money or something valued as money to those who are eligible to vote if parliament is not dissolved. The next general election is expected to arrive in May. This March has been a while. Many parties have already begun to move in preparation for the next elections. One of them, the Pheu Thai Party, has spoken in several provinces in the northeast and north. The party's main voting base has recently begun to see the stance of the ruling coalition parties criticizing each other's work frequently, such as members of the Bhumjaithai Party who criticized the Democrat Party over the current slump in rubber prices.
The government rejoiced. Thailand's unemployment figures improved in line with the economic recovery|The government is pleased that Thailand's unemployment figures continued to improve in line with the economic recovery in July, reaching 5.14 lakh people. The lowest since the onset of the COVID-19 situation, Ms. Traisuli Trisornnakul A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the government is continuing to monitor the employment and unemployment situation of the domestic labour force in order to consider the implementation of policies and appropriate measures. It found that overall employment and unemployment continued to improve. In line with the overall economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Office for National Statistics reported the latest employment situation as of July 2022 out of a total of 58.64 million people aged 15 and over. Of these, 16.63 were outside the labor force. Of these, 39.48 million are employed, 5.14 lakh are unemployed and 20,000 are waiting for the season. This was down from 5.80 lakh or 1.4 per cent in November. It is the lowest number of unemployed and unemployment since the outbreak of COVID-19. The highest number of unemployed was 8.70 lakh or 2.25 per cent in 3Q21. When considering in detail the working hours of those employed per week in the month. July also found longer working hours, reflecting a tendency for workers to earn more from work. According to the latest data, 26.80 million people work between 35 and 49 hours a week. Up from 26.75 million in a month? Meanwhile, 7.01 million people are employed for 50 hours or more per week. That's up from 6.52 million in June 2022 for those working under 35 years. 5.67 million hours per week That's down from 6.63 million in June.
"Chaiwut" believes that there is no landslides in "Prawit" Wearing jeans looks comfortable and energetic.|"Chaiwut" believes that there is no land slide for Thailand. There are many parties splitting the vote, looking at "Prawit". Put jeans into the area to look comfortable and energetic, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society. As deputy leader of the Pracharat Party, he mentioned the case of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister and Acting Prime Minister As the head of the Pracharat Party in Isaan, he said Isaan is the party's target area. The party's candidates also came in second place, giving them a chance to win support. Personally, I still believe that there is unlikely to be a landslides because the Isaan area is competing with many parties, each party has a policy, there are good proposals for the people, and the candidates of each party are qualified people to campaign. It cannot draw all the people. He feared other parties would slide. Not for Thailand slides, don't think there is one party. If the slide force is real, we are worried, but I think it is more likely to pull the score back and forth. Prawit was wearing jeans. Mr. Chaiwut stated that Gen. Prawit's wearing jeans looked casual, which was already active and friendly, only to go to government events. Personal work, not government work, is dressed comfortably as usual. 
SUPER poll suggests people are satisfied with "Prawit", the government leader solves the flood problem|SUPER poll reveals people satisfied with "Prawit", the government leader solved the flood. The Super Poll Research Center (SUPER POLL) presented a survey on memory hallucinations and flood disasters from 1,105 people from all walks of life nationwide conducted between September 15 and 17, 2022. Farmland damaged. 91.9% said it aggravated economic problems. Occupation, difficulty making a living 91.1% said it was difficult to travel. Traffic jams 89.6 per cent said flooding and 83.4 per cent said they had nowhere to eat. There are no agencies to provide timely assistance. When asked about the memory of the people from the flood disaster. The majority, or 95.3 percent, identified it as a memory of His Majesty the King helping to solve problems and heal people, and 92.7 percent identified it as a memory of soldiers. Police volunteered to help with the loss of property. Assist and ensure public safety. 91.6% identified a memory of corruption. People's traffic is hard. 90.8% said they would remember the support of Thai people and volunteers, and 64.4% said they would like to mobilize assistance from government agencies and the private sector, respectively, when asked about the needs of the people. A majority, or 84.9 percent, would like to see the interior department, headed by the Provincial Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Center. Take responsibility, work harder and take your duties seriously. 83.5% would like to see the interior department's main department, the Department of Public Works and Urban Planning, come down and look at the problem. Serious urban planning 81.6% would like to see government agencies come down to solve serious problems from upstream to downstream. Systematic drainage diversion 80.9% want early warning and timely assistance before, during, and after a disaster. Rehabilitation, healing 75.5% want better water management In particular, the construction of buildings blocking waterways. A majority of the public, 45.9 percent, were satisfied with the government leadership. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Flood land to solve people's problems Government flood solutions
Academics look at the 8-year-old prime minister if he gets "Big Fort", the problem is not over.|Dr. Jeet sees the prime minister for 8 years, if he gets Prawit, the problem is not over because 3 P. inherits power. People's Edition If the pressure is exercised in the right way, the Council will not be able to resist Associate Professor Jeet Tonavanik. lawyer The former adviser to the Constitution Drafting Committee (KORN) said today that he wants to talk about the rules and regulations, hoping that many sectors of society, whether politicians or soldiers, especially the general military and the people, will be aware of their duties in each section. If the general military is aware of their duties, and the situation is unsettled, the situation is unsettled. Over-rallies and out-of-the-box causes a lot of problems. You can come in and keep order. But it's not about the government. Otherwise, it would be a battle with the people, deputy professor Jeet stressed that if the military took into account what the rules were, the people would not come out to protest. The military knows that the problem is politicians, why not deal with politicians, and politicians know what the people want. If everyone knows their duties, at the end of the day, they're going to have to All parties are pushing for the biggest solution in the city after Sept. 30, when the results of the 8-year ruling on Prayuth will come out. Assoc. Prof. Jeet stated that the problem is not over if Gen. Prayuth takes office in '57 and has to leave on Aug. 24. The military knows that the problem is politicians, why not deal with politicians, and politicians know what the people want. If everyone knows their duties, at the end of the day, they're going to have to All parties are pushing for the biggest solution in the city after Sept. 30, when the results of the 8-year ruling on Prayuth will come out. Assoc. Prof. Jeet stated that the problem is not over if Gen. Prayuth takes office in '57 and has to leave on Aug. 24. Deputy Prime Minister The problem is not over because he is still in power 3P. Set up a Drafting a new constitution, but the house collapsed, is it considered a hardening of MPs? Assoc. Prof. Jeet reiterated that yes, this is hardening. The power of the people now. Not being able to go in the direction of the goal, breaking away in vain, not being strong to put pressure on the council, having to use the right power to be in the same direction. In the end, the council has to give up, because if it does not, it will happen. He believes that the power of the people can be changed and has more power than the power of the deputy prime minister, the problem is not over because it is still in power. Set up a Drafting a new constitution, but the house collapsed, is it considered a hardening of MPs? Assoc. Prof. Jeet reiterated that yes, this is hardening. The power of the people now. Not being able to go in the direction of the goal, breaking away in vain, not being strong to put pressure on the council, having to use the right power to be in the same direction. In the end, the council has to give up, because if it does not, it will happen. He believes that the power of the people can be changed and has more power than the power of MPs. 
Today, the Supreme Court ruled that Suthep hopes to whitewash the stigma for 10 years in corruption cases involving the construction of 396 lodges.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (Sept. 20). At 8:23 a.m. at the Supreme Court, Criminal Division of the Political Office (Supreme Court). The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the verdict. Case No. 23/2564 filed by the plaintiff P.P.C. Mr. Suthep Thauksuban, former Deputy Prime Minister, Maj. Gen. Patheep Tanprasert Former Acting National Police Commissioner, Maj. Gen. Sajja Kachahiran, Lt. Col. Suriya Chaengsuwan, PCC Development and Construction Co., Ltd. and Mr. Vishnu Wisetsingh Defendants 1-6 are accused of breaching their official duties in the procurement of 396 housing projects. Construction of a residential building (police flat) Mr. Suthep said today is a very important day for his life. He was accused of committing crimes in the construction of 396 police stations, allegedly since the election of the governor of Bangkok, attacked by political rivals. Therefore, he was used as a goat. In this regard, another striker is Mr. Tarit Pendit. Former Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation A press release was issued for the prosecution. He was already prosecuted and the court sentenced Mr. Tarit to 1 year in prison. Only the investigation of the P.P.C. took about 7 years, when the P.P.C. completed the investigation, he sent the expression to the prosecutor to prosecute the case, but the prosecutor disagreed with the expression of the P.P.C. and the prosecutor saw that he was not guilty, so he set up a joint committee and took 1 year to send the expression bounced back. In this case, the P.P.C. filed its own lawsuit, which he fought with information, facts, and facts. Evidence, including personal witnesses and legal documents, to prove that he did not commit the alleged offence, but if the court decides however, respect the court and accept it. He is confident that he has always done good deeds for the common good and the country in good faith. The allegations that he corrupted the construction project of the lodge have been a stigma in his life for 10 years. He will regain his honor and dignity. Mr. Suthep said that until today, 10 years, he has been trying to explain through his personal Facebook page since the P.P.C. accused, which for 10 years he has been a social defendant. Some people may have already believed it, but today is the last day of the whole thing, and they feel more comfortable. Witness yourself. Trust in truth and evidence, however. If the court makes a negative decision against him. He wouldn't have had any new evidence to bring an appeal. It would all end today, including the end of their political role.
Survive! Supreme Court reads verdict on "Suthep" in Huw auction case Not guilty of the charges.|Supreme Court criminal division of political office holders (Sanam Luang) Read the judgment in Case No. 22/2022 filed by the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) as the plaintiff. Mr. Suthep Thauksuban, former Deputy Prime Minister The 1st defendant and 6 others, in case of wrongful performance of their duties, participated in the bid for the construction project of 396 police stations nationwide. The Royal Decree on Proposals and Cabinet Meetings B.E. 2548, Section 4, Sub-Section 1 of the Regulations on Rules and Procedures for Submitting Matters to the Council of Ministers B.E. 2548 stipulates that the Cabinet must only approve the principles proposed by government agencies. Unless specifically stated, it appears that the Royal Thai Police proposed to the Cabinet to approve the construction of 396 replacement police stations. In addition, the Company has approved the change of the source of income from securities to the annual expenditure budget, which the 1st defendant, as deputy prime minister, has the authority to supervise the Royal Thai Police without proposing the matter to the Prime Minister. To change the way such projects are hired. Therefore, it is not considered as omission of duty or performance of duties to the detriment of the police and procurement, therefore, there is no offense according to the prosecution for the 2nd defendant, Pol. Maj. Gen. Patheep Tanprasert. The court ruled that it was a proposed form of hiring based on the line of work. As Acting Representative At that time, whether the 1st defendant gave his approval or not, it was not considered an omission of duty or a duty to the detriment of the police and procurement. Therefore, he was not guilty of the charges. Mr. Suthep Thauksuban gave an interview after the Supreme Court. The prosecution dismissed the case against 396 housing projects and police flats construction projects, saying they had been under attack for nearly 10 years of bad guys, corrupt people, patience and relying on the truth to fight. Thailand is sacred and knows that we intend to do good for the nation and the people will be protected" in a democracy where sovereignty is divided into three parties. Those who adhere to principles, adhere to the system, ask for encouragement. Now that we are out of trouble, we will continue to work for the nation and the people according to our principles. In their lives, they work for the city and its people in good faith. There is no will to think of betrayal of the land, not corruption, everything has been proven. Who has ever accused of attacking? When asked if he had regained his dignity, he said, "I will file a lawsuit against the perpetrator. Mr. Suthep said he did not think about it at the moment. After this, he will return to the city's main shrine, paying homage to the Emerald Buddha, because when fighting the case, he prays. He used truth in battle. I don't think I'm blaming anyone for how to move forward politically. "He wants to support real people's political parties. He co-founded the Unity Party with 5 MPs and 1 minister. When his party was founded, he was attacked for false information, but today he has been acquitted and encouraged to move forward politically. "What can help is help, I have already said when marching that I will not go back to politics. Prayuth is back as prime minister again, he doesn't know if he will survive or not. He has to wait for the September 30 decision, he has no power but his heart, everything he does for his heart, his patriotic heart, love the land, love the people, insist he has no power to help anyone.
Ending a 10-year epic crackdown on 396 abandoned shelters|After the Supreme Court of the Criminal Division of the Political Office read the judgment dismissing the petition in Case No. 22/2022 filed by the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NCPO) as the plaintiff. The 1st defendant is Mr. Suthep Thauksuban, a former deputy prime minister, and the 2nd defendant is Pol. Gen. Patheep Tanprasert. Former Acting Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police The 3rd and 4th defendants are Maj. Gen. Sajja Kachahiran, Lt. Col. Suriya Chaengsuwan. The 5th defendant is PCC Development and Construction Co., Ltd. and the 6th defendant is Mr. Vishnu Wisetsing. In the case of the joint bid for the construction of 396 properties nationwide, the Court was of the opinion that the 1st defendant was not guilty of the charges because the Cabinet had to approve only the principles proposed by the government agencies. According to the Royal Decree on Proposals and Cabinet Meetings B.E. 2548, Section 4, Sub-Section 1 of the Regulations on Rules and Procedures for Submitting Matters to the Council of Ministers B.E. 2548, coupled with the fact that the Royal Thai Police proposed to the Cabinet to approve the construction project of 396 replacement police stations without approving the guidelines. And approve the change of the source of income from securities to the annual expenditure budget. Defendant No. 1, who is the Deputy Prime Minister, has the authority to supervise the Royal Thai Police without proposing the matter to the Prime Minister. To change the way such projects are hired. Therefore, it is not considered as an omission of duty or a duty to the detriment of the police and procurement. Therefore, there is no offence as per the prosecution of the 2nd defendant as the head of the garrison. The Commissioner has exercised his discretion to approve the regulations. Therefore, the 3rd and 4th defendants are the chairman and secretary of the tender committee respectively. It is obliged to comply with the regulations. Although the 3rd and 4th defendants did not offer a complete account of the quantity of materials, the total price did not change in the overall picture and the 5th defendant was the one who offered the price lower than the middle price itself. When considering the opinion documents, there was no damage and it does not appear that the 3rd - 4th defendants were wrongfully exploited. Therefore, the defendant Nos. 5 - 6 are accused of supporting the offence. Since the facts cannot be heard that the 3rd - 4th defendant committed the offence, it cannot be heard that the 5th - 6th defendant also committed the offence. As a result, the majority voted to dismiss the case against defendants 1-6, among many supporters, such as former MPP leaders Thavorn Sennium, Sakonthi Pattiyakul, Nattapol Teepsuwan, Taya Teepsuwan, Chumpol Chulasai, Chanwit Wipusiri, Pracharat Party MP, and there are MPs on the list of the Unity Party, namely Juttatat Laothamthat, State District, Lao Thammasat, Sunetta Sae Goh. There is also Somboon Uthaiwiangkul. Former Surat Thani Suthep MP Shane Thauksuban said in an interview after the Supreme Court dismissed the case that he had been under attack for nearly 10 years as a bad person, a corrupt man, patient and relying on the truth to fight. Thailand is sacred and knows that we intend to do good for the nation and its people, and that it will be protected in a democracy where sovereignty is divided into three parties. The judicial power of the court can also be the main reliance of the city. People who adhere to principles, adhere to the system, ask for encouragement, who have suffered for a long time. Now out of suffering, out of grief, we will continue to work for the nation and its people according to its ideology. In their lives, they work for the city and its people in good faith. There is no will to think of betrayal of the land, not corruption, everything has been proven. Who has ever accused of attacking? He asked for forgiveness"Before bringing the garland prepared to pay homage to the city's main court, pay homage to the Emerald Buddha, because earlier when fighting the case, he prayed, used the truth in the fight, did not think or blame anyone in the abandoned house case, starting from the debate in the House of Representatives in 2012, while Chuvit Kamolvisit was the list MP. Love Thailand Party The discussion over the peculiarities of the construction of 396 replacement shelters since 2009, totaling 5,848 million baht in damages, led to the submission of the case to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) to gather evidence and submit it to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NCPO). The investigation was carried out because construction began in March 2011, but near the end of the 2013 contract, the construction of the lodge did not progress. At many construction sites, contractors abandoned their work. Instead, the local police had to rent another place to work. While the construction site was abandoned, many of them had only pillars and cement floors, until it was found that there was a change in the form of a centralized contract with PCC Development and Construction Co., Ltd., leading to accusations of Abhisit Vejjajiva and Suthep Thauksuban for helping the rights holders to enter into contracts with the Royal Thai Police (NPA)PORNCHAI KITTIWONGSAKUL / AFP.In October 2013, DSI considered no evidence of wrongdoing by the contracting companies. And the special prosecutor ordered not to prosecute because it was a breach of civil contract but not a scam, and the criminal case of political office holders continued for 10 years before the verdict dismissed the six defendants. 
"Chatchat" visits "Boar Governor" to talk about water and PM 2.5 problems|Chatchachat Pathum Thani Governor Buk Juan visited The Boar Governor after major surgery, aiming to discuss water and PM 2.5 dust problems today (September 20, 2022). For more than 3 weeks, we intend to work, want to work fully, and have a few years left in government. If our health is weak, we will work less, but if we are healthy, we will continue to work and today is a good vision to discuss with Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, and he believes that the rain that falls in Rangsit area has more water than Phayao province. "Thank you, Governor Chatchachart and his team for arriving at The Governor of Pathum as the most beautiful in Thailand. He hopes that we will integrate collaboration with all provinces in the lower Chao Phraya River basin. Work in unity and decisions based on the people. Don't miss it like in the past, and I hope this year won't hit Thailand."
"Prawit" grieved, injured and killed Explosion in front of Mai Kaen Hospital ordered to hunt down the culprit|"Prawit" regrets police injured and killed From the explosion in front of Mai Kaen Hospital Ordered to urgently follow up with the perpetrators to punish them, stressing prudence and not to underestimate Gen. Kongcheep Tantrawanich, a spokesman for the deputy prime minister. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan said. The Deputy Prime Minister expressed condolences to 1 police officer who was killed and 3 injured in an insurgent bombing. In front of Mai Kaen Hospital While on duty to monitor the safety of the people at night, he asked the 4th Region Police (Front) and the police. He also assisted in the religious ceremony of the deceased personnel with dignity and took care of the families of the deceased. He urged the police to investigate the scene and expedite law enforcement to bring the perpetrators to justice as soon as possible. The officers are asked to exercise patience and caution. To increase the concentration of safety measures in important public places that the community must take advantage of in order to take care of the safety of all citizens who can live normally. Promote non-discriminatory religious coexistence and improve quality of life. The public is engaged along the way.
"Chatchachart" accepts the offer to open pubs until 4 a.m., close the gates, pay under the table, and move forward to reopen the city to recover from COVID.|"Chatchat" accepts the offer to open pubs until 4 a.m., puts everything on the table, reiterates that "people" is the most important potential of the city"The city is the economy, the city is the labor market. If there is any problem, we can help find a solution. If we can't solve it, we have to report it to the relevant authorities. Hotels and tourism are at the heart of the economy, but there is still a concern that tourists are being exploited. We need to intensify our work. We may need to prepare english-speaking missions and have more tourist centers," Bangkok Governor Chatchat Sittiphan said after a special lecture at the Thai Hotel Association Member Meeting in September 2022 at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, Khlong Toei. Asked by reporters for his opinion on the case of operators requesting to open pubs until 4 a.m., Governor Chatchachart replied that he believed that extending the time to put everything on the table was the law to close early. I personally do not oppose opening until 4 a.m., but must not cause trouble to other people, such as the public or nearby hotel businesses. As for zoning, it is not bangkok's job, but it may be necessary to talk to the police to discuss how to update the zone to be more current and meet the demand of that area for a special lecture titled "Bangkok's Tourism and Hotel Vision". Today (September 21, 2022) at 12.30 p.m., the Governor of Bangkok discussed 5 topics: post-COVID readiness, strengths of Bangkok, policy concepts, examples of projects that promote the tourism sector, and what needs to be improved. The bed occupancy rate is only 23.74% of the total number of beds administered by bangkok. 2 covers more than 100%, dose 3 covers more than 70% (as of September 14, 2022), and bangkok has taken lessons learned and prepared to manage resources such as hospitals, medical supplies, and operational management to speed up support in both vaccination and patient referrals. and technology management to reduce additional workloads for healthcare workers. Bangkok's strength for living expenses ranks 106th out of 227 countries. It has a history of 240 years, but it may take more story telling to be a multicultural society. There is an acceptance of diversity and difference. With an average nightly rate of around 2,000 baht, there are 3 world-class convention centers in Bangkok and vicinity: BITEC Exhibition and Convention Center, Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, and IMPACT Exhibition and Convention Center. The Bangkok policy concept has 2 relevant figures, 1 and 98, which are the 1st most visited cities in the world for many years in a row, but the 98th livable city out of 140 cities worldwide according to the Global Liveability Index of the Economist Intelligence Unit or EIU. This is well managed, safe and secure. Good environment, good health, good travel, good structure. Good study. It was then broken down into a 216-point action plan to lead to the city's goal: Bangkok is one of the top 50 livable cities in the world. by 2027. The public can read the policy details in both Thai and English on the website. www.chadchart.com examples of projects promoting the tourism sector of the Governor of Bangkok Examples of projects that promote the tourism sector include pushing Chatuchak Market to become a global destination. Facilitating Made in Bangkok (MIB) products to the global market Attract international business groups (MNCs) to push Bangkok's festivals to the world calendar, such as music in the park, Bangkok in the middle of Colorful Bangkok, etc. Support local businesses in 50 districts, develop creative districts, develop water attractions, develop delicious and safe street food standards, and the governor midnight. Inspecting workplace safety and empowering nightlife, something that needs to be improved Currently, there is inequality in the taxation of land and buildings. Businesses operating like hotels (with daily rental charges) will be subject to a 0.3% tax, which will be charged to the total building area. Businesses registered as residential buildings (e.g. apartments) are subject to a 0.02% tax. Currently, the building that will apply for a building permit or change its use is a hotel in Bangkok. This must be done through the Public Works Bureau only (from the original hotel building under 2,000 sq.m. and not more than 8 floors high, it can be requested at the district office). As of September, there are a total of 62 hotel projects under consideration, so Bangkok needs to improve its permit application system to be a One Stop Service in order to speed up and improve the labor shortage in the service sector after recovering from COVID. Bangkok operates vocational training schools and will match demand and supply to be prepared to deal with tourists who will return in case tourists are exploited by scams such as scam guides, price deflections, and must strengthen the country. Discuss with the police to build trust among tourists on tourist signs. Traffic Signs It is not conducive to tourist travel, it must be updated and has easy-to-read information. "Now there is an advantage that we have already set up a joint committee of the public sector, the private sector and Bangkok, which will also propose to set up a hotel and tourism business as a subcommittee. Governor Chatchachart concluded his lecture that "people" are the most important potential of the city on the same day. At 4:15 p.m., The Governor of Bangkok gave a special speech. "Creating new potential to be a reality" at ESG FORUM at Samyan Mitrtown Hall 1 (5th floor), Samyan Mitrtown Shopping Center The Governor of Bangkok said that after 3 months as governor, he asked if he saw the potential of Bangkok. It must be answered that it is seen a lot, actually seen by potential, meaning power or qualities that are latent in things that may cause it to develop or make it appear obviously. Bangkok is like an uncut diamond. If cut well, I think it will shine just as bright as any other nation. "In the last 3 months we don't have a budget because it's the end of the fiscal year, so the real potential of Bangkok is 'people'. Governor Chatchachart said that the obstacles to cutting this diamond have many problems, such as leadership, inspiration, etc. Decentralization In the past, the state did not empower the people to make decisions. participation He then lectured on 4 topics: 1. present, 2. future, vision and urban strategy, 3. create new potential to be a reality, and 4. creating a livable city for all. The governor said that before we can plan for the future, we need to know where we are. We need to talk about the present first in order to solve Bangkok's problems to move forward in the future. And weaknesses include transparency, ease of obtaining permits, ability to use English, critical thinking, PM2.5 dust problems, water management, traffic, etc. Proportion of green space The lack of full authority to manage matters etc. The governor said the city could prosper. Then discussing numbers 1 and 98 and the vision "Bangkok: A Livable City for All" 9 Key Policies 216 Action Plan and Goal to become one of the top 50 livable cities in the world by 2027. Transportation covering aorta and capillaries Long-term planning for water management Making public spaces for everyone The governor said the main thing of the city is the economy and the city is the labor market. Therefore, the duty of bangkok must create good jobs. There are good employers so that someone can pay taxes. Bring income to circulate for the further development of the city. There are 7 areas to promote new potential for the city: creative economy, tourism. Health-related businesses, gemstones, MICE businesses, the center of MNCs, the expanded EEC project to create livable cities for all"The success factor is to work together with all sectors, including government, academia, private sector and people. If we can build faith and hope in a democratic system, it will create a vital potential for the city in the future, because 'people' is the most important potential of the city," Governor Chatchachart said at the end.
Deir Vatanya Move into Democrats Round up the news, offer the conditions as a party list number first.|Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The leader of the Democrat Party, along with leaders such as Mr. Niphon Boonyamani and Nayongaj Klamppaiboon, welcomed Deere-Ms. Vatanya Bunnag, a former member of the House of Representatives (MP). The People's Democratic Party officially applied for membership and gave a lifetime membership card. The party was given by the whole party to worship. Mother Earth squeezed my boxers. Mr. Jurin said he was honored and given the opportunity for the Democrat Party to welcome a new generation of potential politicians such as Madame Deere to the event and strengthen the Bangkok team. Nayoung May and Mr. Suchashveer were reinforced. Suwansawat In order for the party to gain more support in Bangkok, succeeding in the next election, the leader of the Democratic Party also pursued a history of education. Experience working in politics in a media executive role. The football team executives and MPs who had done their job well and revealed that the new members had requested to run for MP in the roster system in the next election. He thanked the Democrats for their hospitality and decided to join the Democrats because of their 76-year institutional faith, reflected by the many votes that had to be debated and independent and powerless. No one owns the attitudes and resolutions from the party resolutions, and from monitoring the work of party leaders and executives to work for the common good, therefore pledge to be intentional and adhered to, acting honestly and correctly. The Pracharat Party MP said he did not lay down the conditions for the top 10 MPs of the Democrat Party, but the party would consider it appropriate and admitted that it took about a month to decide after resigning from the MP. Working with Democrats will be part of the experience and will be part of the extension. The gap between generations of the party's people. Asked if her group's MPs were attending the event, Ms Vatanya said they had not discussed it yet and asked each MP to exercise discretion. Depending on where the party will assign, Ms. Watanya also mentioned the differences between the two parties. Just founded, Democrat 76 It proves to be a political party institution, while also respecting it. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharat Party, like before, has nothing to change the part that is being watched as a media, where the family holds media shares, and then enters that politics. I'm not worried because I'm clear. The law is clear. Mr. Jurin said the party's executive committee will reconsider the order of candidates for the list of MPs. Madame Deere's main task is to help drive the Bangkok work, and the details will allow Nayoung May Klampaiboon to continue coordinating with each other in anticipation of a seat in the next election. Mr. Jurin said it depends on the people, but the recent local elections, the governor of Bangkok and the MP reflect that the people of Bangkok still welcome democracy.
Parina "Some people," he said when asked about drug-money laundering.|Ms. Parina Kraikupt Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Ratchaburi District 3 A Facebook post on Thursday (Sept. 22) to "people who rarely get on TV." Call for the monks to speak. If asked by the media about alleged involvement in drugs and money laundering, "Let's leave... Socialites tell people who don't wait to be on TV that when they get on TV, they have the opportunity to refuse to do gray business... Drug Stories Money laundering, give him an interview and don't spit it until you're done talking." Ms. Parina The move comes after reports emerged that a Myanmar arms dealer named The 53-year-old was arrested on Sept. 17 along with three other Thai nationals, including one 38-year-old man, one 44-year-old woman and one 50-year-old woman, on charges of conspiracy to commit serious drug-related offenses, aiding in serious drug-related offenses and conspiracy to commit money laundering. Thai Ex-husband Ms. Pareena Kraikupt Prior to the sale of shares in 2019, however, Ms. Parina's post was "unacceptable." It did not specify who the person who was rarely on TV was, nor could it be confirmed that it was related to the news of the arrest of the Myanmar arms dealer, Mr. Upakit told reporters earlier on Thursday (Sept. 22). He insisted that he never hid ownership of the hotel, but that the business was conducted in good faith, never involved in drugs. This person continues to say that in the last 8-9 years He became more approachable to Buddhism and turned to business in Bangkok and the stock exchange, so he did not interfere with the border business since then.
Amnesty International sends letter to Thai government Claims for depreciation Emergency Medical Services Act|Amnesty Thailand Send a letter to the Thai government demanding an end to the promulgation and an end to allegations of violations. Amnesty Thailand Emergency Act Representatives of activists and academics charged with violations The Emergency Decree submitted six letters and demands to the Thai government to stop the promulgation. Emergency Decree and End Allegations of Violations Emergency Act caused by expression and protests Past allegations of "violations The Emergency Decree was used to prosecute the most protesters, and at least 1,467 people were prosecuted, said Piyanuch Khotsan, director of Amnesty International. Thailand said it was monitoring the situation of the promulgation of the Emergency Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations B.E. 2548 (Emergency Decree) and its impact on human rights issues on people in Thailand. We found that there was an announcement. The Prime Minister, by virtue of Section 9 of the Emergency Act, has issued 47 regulations from June 2022, each of which imposes new measures to control the disease and amends existing measures, such as the announcement of a curfew. "Amnesty International Thailand considers that the emergency decree and such provisions are excessive and affect the right to life, freedom and security of individuals, the right to freedom of expression and association, as well as the right to freedom of assembly and other human rights." Under the Emergency Decree on the Exercise of Freedom of Expression, 241 children under the age of 18 were prosecuted for 157 offences. The Emergency Decree is the most prosecuted accusation against protesters," according to Mob Data Thailand. The emergency decree led to the dispersal of at least 50 protests (as of July 2022), with authorities using rubber bullets, tear gas and high-pressure water cannons to deal with protesters and individuals suspected of using violence in accordance with international human rights law. On occasion, the state may have to take measures that are exceptions and delay the enforcement of certain rights. In the face of an emergency that threatens national survival. However, to take exceptional measures, it must be used sparingly in accordance with the emergency of the situation. Such measures must not contradict their other obligations. Under international law and not racial discrimination. Skin, gender, language, religion, or social race, provided that the state must also abide by the rule of law. Amnesty International Thailand Therefore, there are demands to the Thai government as follows:
Former Parliament Speaker Marut Bunnag dies at the age of 98|End of "Marut Bunnag" The former parliamentary speaker and several ministers passed away peacefully at the age of 98. Sep 2022) Reporters reported that Marut Bunnag, a former parliamentary speaker, had been arrested. Several former ministers The former deputy leader and former general secretary of the Democratic Party passed away peacefully at the age of 98 at noon today (September 23) at Bumrungrad Hospital. Mr. Marut is married to Mrs. Pantipa Bunnag and has 2 children, Mrs. Marut Bunnag and Mr. Rujira Bunnag. Mr. Marut has worked as a well-known lawyer. Before entering politics as a senator in 1975, he became a member of the Democratic Party in 1979. Marut Bunnag served as minister of several ministries, minister of justice, minister of health, minister of education in 1992, speaker of parliament and speaker of the House of Representatives, announced his retirement from politics in mid-2006, serving as an adviser to the Democratic Party and having his own lawyer's office. Name Marut-Rujira Lawyer's Office
Scammers pretend to "petty" to grow cottage crops, the government has no policy.|The government warns against being fooled by scammers pretending to be Anutin-Saksiam tricked into growing cottage crops. Farmers are advised to study the information carefully before investing in Ms. Traisuli Trisaranakul. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office According to several people, the prosecution of a woman, aged about 40, impersonated a government official under the Department of Agricultural Promotion. The Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives scammed the purchase of cottage trees to send to ministers in the government by impersonating both Deputy Prime Minister Anutin Charnveerakul and Health Minister Saksiam Chidchob. The Minister of Transport would like to learn that such behavior is deceiving the people. Don't be fooled, insisting that both ministers have nothing to do with such actions. Don't fall prey to fraudsters who can result in loss of property, two ministers have no policy or order anyone to buy cottage trees, just like the government. There is no policy for government officials or government officials to collect kratom in large quantities for export or industrial purposes by growing, trading or conducting business related to kratom. Claiming to be a government official deceiving farmers through various methods, which are widespread at this time, Ms. Trisuli said that at this time, many cash crops are gaining attention. This has resulted in the opportunism of fraudsters, such as recently. Anyone interested in growing cottages can register for government support of 3,500-5,000 baht/rai, with the Office of Farmers' Economics, Ministry of Agriculture confirming that there is no such policy. As a result, farmers have to pay for seedlings, but there is no actual purchase of produce, so people are asked to study the information before investing. For farmers who are interested in investing in planting cottage trees. Let's plan to make careful planting decisions.
Boiling minutes 4-year-old aunt falls on pipe, Bangkok doesn't get paid, shakes the arm "Chatchat", please help me|Today (28 Sep 22) Reporters reported that during a council meeting, Bangkok Extraordinary General Meeting The victim was a 64-year-old woman who was involved in a fall from a drain pipe in Bangkok in front of Soi Chokchai 45 on December 5, 2018. Break in, yell, ask for it. Mr. Narong Ruangsri The Deputy Permanent Secretary of Bangkok during agenda item 7.1 asked for fairness after demanding that bangkok pay 500,000 baht in compensation for more than 4 years, but did not receive an answer, causing the atmosphere in the meeting room to be disrupted. Security guards rushed in to escort the victims. Mr. Narong brought him to sit down and talk about the purpose of the trip today. Meanwhile, Mr. Chatchachat Sittipan Governor of Bangkok Preparing to go on a mission trip and walking out of the meeting room, he walked back to inquire, during which the aunt grabbed Mr. Chatchat's arm and shook Mr. Chatchachart's arm. The victim said he had been in a pipe since Dec. 5, 2018, and had filed a police report. Chokchai Police Station, however, has not received the requested remedies for the past 4 years, and he has continuously petitioned all departments of Bangkok, including the Drainage Bureau (NIA), district offices, to ask for compensation in the amount of 500,000 baht. This is calculated from the income lost due to not coming out to sell at the market. While the right to medical treatment, the NHS (Gold Card) is at Mongkutwattana Hospital, which is far from the accommodation, making it inconvenient to travel, including traveling to complain. In the past, Bangkok only gave a basket and gave only 5,000 baht in an envelope, but he considered it inappropriate compared to being injured in such incidents. After this, if you don't get 500,000 baht, you will jump the Bangkok building.
Chatchachat does not hold. The aunt fell into a close-knit pipe. The 61-year-old wasn't guilty. New Governor|Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok Live monitoring of Storm Noru at Bangkok Flood Control Center He mentioned a case where a woman complained of asking for 500,000 baht in reparations. After falling down the drain at the mouth of Soi Chokchai 45 in 2018, he was injured but was not rescued. Despite several complaints in which the woman had invaded the Governor of Bangkok with loud shouts, shaking her arms vigorously, and rushing to get answers quickly, Governor Chatchat said it was okay and admitted to being worried about the woman because it would be very stressful. But since the matter has been going on for a long time since 61, it has been assigned to the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok to help in detail what problems are stuck and what can be helped and what the woman needs, which must be done gradually. He thanked everyone who was concerned about the incident after the news spread on social media. Comments from netizens blamed the woman for her aggressive mannerisms against the governor because the fall occurred in 2018, but Mr. Chatchat has only been in office for a few months. While accidents can be sympathetic, they should be more conscious.  
P.P.C. plans to amend the law to increase eavesdropping-stalking-infiltration powers Anti-cheating claims|National Anti-Corruption Commission There is a plan to amend a law to increase the powers of trapping, stalking and infiltration. In order to obtain information and evidence to be used in corruption cases, the P.P.C. argues that the existing powers are less effective in tracking assets. Point out disciplinary offenses to punish the accused. Evidence collection"Law enforcement mechanisms regarding the implementation of measures, opinions and recommendations of the Committee. P.P.C. Mechanisms and measures to track back assets in the country and abroad The disciplinary determination of the disciplinary basis for punishing the accused is ineffective in enforcing it." "There is a need to increase mechanisms and efficiency in gathering evidence about allegations. Refraining from pointing out the basis of the offence or delaying the prosecution of the accused who is insane or insane. The appeal or conviction of the court in a criminal case and the cessation of the duty of the accused in the criminal court under the Code of Criminal Procedure "This request to increase the power to eavesdrop is not the first time, but it has already been in the news once in 2017, causing widespread criticism.
Thap Fah Sorry, the retirement ceremony closed Sept. 30, but it had to be done because it was customary.|Air Force spokesman Major General Prapas Teachjaidee said the air force's air field flight honors the retired air force commander and the new commander-in-chief. To ensure flight safety The Air Force therefore reserves some airspace. For the aerial parade, the Air Force said: It is customary for the Air Force to conduct aerial parades to demonstrate the delivery of the capability and power to perform the duties of the Air Force and to fly in honor of important personnel and senior commanders. Prabhas said the Air Force has maintained the tradition of air fielding. It is performed continuously every year to show air force personnel and the public the readiness of the Air Force. "The Air Force apologizes for any inconvenience caused to the people involved. We have considered adjusting the timing of the aerial parade as well as the relevant details to be concise and fast in order to minimize the impact on passenger flights and the inconvenience that may occur to the people involved."
"Sri Suwan" Hard! If the court finds out bigots can go further. Who formed a mob down the street? Will notify the capture of a single location.|TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (Sept. 30). Charaya, secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations, posted on Facebook. Today's case The Constitutional Court will decide whether Prayuth Chan-ocha's eight-year prime minister will continue as prime minister. A rally was scheduled. If the Constitutional Court decides to Gen Prayuth continued his duties, with Srisuwan posting, "If the court Whoever goes down the road, I report the arrest. #คุกมีไว้ขังพวกไม่เคารพกฎหมาย."
Go ahead, make a statement, and ask the people not to despair. The court ordered Prayuth to stay.|Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the far-right party made the statement on Friday (Sept. 30). After the Constitutional Court ruled Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha can remain as prime minister. He urged Thais not to despair of such a ruling. Please turn that frustration into power." Pitha said the leader of the far-right party urged the people to vote in the next election to stop the dictatorship. And together they signed a referendum to draft a new constitution, where the rules are fair and truly democratic.
Come on, "Prime Minister Prayuth". Thank you for all your support, striving to use your potential to transform the country.|"Prime Minister Prayuth" Thank you post for all the encouragement. Affirmative action on the right track, aiming to use its potential to transform the country, the Constitutional Court Read the ruling on Friday (Sept. 30) that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's tenure as prime minister has been in place since the constitution was adopted on April 6, 2017, meaning he could serve as prime minister for eight years until 2025. Prayut Chan-o-cha's Facebook page posted a message stating that dear Thai people, I have a lot of respect. On the decision of the Constitutional Court and I would like to thank all the people. The encouragement and goodwill that has always been given to me over the past month is an opportunity for me to consider and realize that I will have to spend the limited valuable time of the government. To keep track of and push through many of the major projects that I have initiated to move forward and complete. I will make great efforts and use my full potential to strive for the mission of transforming the country according to the 3-axis strategy that I have mentioned, to achieve concrete results as soon as possible for politics and daily issues. I will leave it to others involved to clarify one of the most important things, according to the 3-axis strategy, which is to drive to complete the upgrading of the country's critical infrastructure – roads, roads, and roads. Railways, airports, ports, and other projects are fundamental to shaping the country's future. In addition, the digital infrastructure, which will create more opportunities for people across the country in various fields, such as trading, learning, etc., by having access to the online system, are projects that no other government has ever initiated and implemented. On such a large and integrated scale, I have started projects with prudence so that the project can move forward, come to fruition, and open to the public as soon as possible. Therefore, even if some projects are completed during the period of other governments, they must be able to move forward in a neat manner. There are no obstacles or obstacles because of those projects. It is a guarantee that we can ensure that Thailand can move towards prosperity and give millions of people the opportunity to create prosperity for themselves. At a time when the economic situation is fraught with challenges. Those projects. It is doubly important to help everyone reinvent their livelihood and create wealth for themselves. In a sustainable way in the future by opening new markets both domestically and internationally. For the trade of agricultural products with higher prices. Opening up new customer access channels for other products and services, providing quicker access to raw materials at a lower cost, as well as facilitating travel for tourists. It also helps diversify tourists to new areas. In recent history and in many countries, investment in the construction of complete infrastructure has been a major turning point in creating prosperity for that country. Once the infrastructure we are working on is completed, we will be able to transform Thailand and lead our country to a golden age of prosperity for all Thais. We've come a long way and in the right direction. We need to help each other get it done.
For Thailand, the statement after the court for Prayuth to stay, respected but strongly disagreed!|Mr. Prasert Chantawongthong Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand and Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Nakhon Ratchasima said on Friday (Sept. 30). that it respects the decision of the Constitutional Court that gives Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has not yet ended his tenure as prime minister, but strongly disagrees with the party's general secretary. Explain why they disagree because they see the Thai legal system as a written system and therefore must strictly adhere to the law. The 2017 Constitution provides for the Council of Ministers, including: The Prime Minister, who held office before the promulgation of the 2017 Constitution on April 6, 2017, is a cabinet according to the new constitution. Prayuth has been prime minister since Aug. 24, 2014. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha I can't find any logic to explain it." "The constitutional court's ruling is likely to have constitutional issues and will create legal norms for interpretation that academics and society must think about. the principles and reasons for the decision of the Constitutional Court, whether the reasons are consistent with the provisions and intent of the Constitution." Prasert further said that it is the duty of society and all sectors to discuss what mechanisms can be created to check and balance the Constitutional Court in the future.
Opposition coalition party continues to fight Prayuth|Opposition party in the House of Representatives A joint statement was issued on Friday (Sept. 30). After the decision of the Constitutional Court, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has not ended his ministerial career and has been counting his tenure as prime minister since the constitution was promulgated. In 2017, the Constitutional Court ruled that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's tenure as prime minister has not ended in accordance with Article 170 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand, paragraph two. Article 158, paragraph four, in the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, who has been in office for 8 years on August 24, 2022, argues that the tenure of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha shall commence on April 6, 2017, which is the effective date of the 2017 Constitution. Material legal discrepancies It is inconsistent with the spirit of the Constitution and has a constitutional legitimacy problem for a reason. The opposition coalition agreed that despite the constitutional court's ruling, it would not be able to do so. General Prayut Chan-o-cha Have the right to continue as Prime Minister. But the Constitutional Court's ruling would not whitewash General Prayut Chan-o-cha in any way. The opposition coalition sees the people's perception of the prime minister as those who are trying to inherit power, as far as they can find a way to do it. Those who have broken their promises to the people since the beginning of the coup will stay. soon Those who broke their promises to the people to reform the country in various aspects. Relegated from ASEAN leaders To cite the constitutional court's decision to stay in power, there is only emptiness in the eyes of the people. General Prayut Chan-o-cha should take this opportunity to announce his resignation as prime minister without citing the Constitutional Court's decision to stay in power and ask the people to give a lesson to Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha and his majesty Prayuth Chan-ocha in the next election. September 2022"
Anutin is moving! Post welcomes Prayuth after Constitutional Court to stay|Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health Welcome Post Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha returned as prime minister via Facebook on Friday (Sept. 30). After the Constitutional Court ruled Gen Prayuth has not completed his term as Prime Minister"Welcome back Mr. Prime Minister" Mr. Anutin Post, which translates into Thai, welcomes back. Attach a photo to this post, showing him standing with his back turned to the camera and acting like he's talking on the phone. Facing the television that opened the news of the Constitutional Court's decision on the term of office of Prayuth, the minister, is a member of the House of Representatives (MP). List and leader of the Bhumjaithai Party He had said on a television show before the 2019 general election that he would not support it. Gen Prayuth became prime minister. Instead, Anutin turned his speech over to form a government with the Pracharat Party supporting it. Gen. Prayuth and vote Prayuth is prime minister. In a joint meeting between the House of Representatives and the Senate.
Is it better to spread kindness to your parents? After focusing on the post, prayut's supporters|Ms. Parina Kraikupt Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP) District 3 Ratchaburi Facebook post criticizing Focus Jirakul Famous actors Whether it is better to spread kindness to their parents. After this actor posted a critique. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and his supporters began the matter after the Constitutional Court ruled on Friday (Sept. 30) that Prayuth could continue as prime minister. It hasn't been 8 years since the 2017 constitution came into force, so the famous actor posted on his fan page. In a sarcastic tone, congratulations to the supporters. Gen Prayuth "who sees dictatorship as a democracy" and invites these people to pray for mercy together"Congratulations to those who see dictatorship as a democracy, let's wait to see the president make the nation prosper together for 3 !!!more nations. !!!#อยากแป้นแล้นอยู่นานๆก็ต้องมาจากการเลือกตั้งเนาะ #เผด็จการจงพินาศประชาธิปไตยจงเจริญ"This causes the past. S.S. Ratchaburi This person who often expresses support opinions. Prayuth responded to the post on his Facebook page, suggesting that he should spread kindness to his parents, and also mentioned the actor's work and love. If it's not good, spread it to yourself, pray a lot, have a lot of work, ask your parents to be happy, may you have a good husband, may you have a lover, may you not have to see someone again. "In the same post, Ms. Pareena wrote defendingly. Prayuth is said to be elected, not a dictator, as the famous actor alleged: "When the focus is on satirizing General Prayuth and spreading mercy, he is not satisfied with the constitutional court's ruling. Asked how much he understood the word democracy before using it, or who was the law on who is democracy, who is not, in March 2020, Gen Prayuth returned power to the people and held elections. Can you bear it a little longer, just like when you saw your brother? It's very bearable." 
Treasury reveals 12.5 million poor card registrations|A spokesman for the Ministry of Finance revealed that 12.5 million of the 14 million state welfare registrations in 2022 have been verified. According to the announcement of the "Registration Status" of the State Welfare Registration Program 2022, the data of those who registered during 5 - 22 September 2022, on 30 September, showed that a total of 14,003,943 registered persons with the message "Ministry of Finance has received your registration information", and upon checking the information with the Department of Government, it was found that a total of 12,519,900 people had checked the information with the Department of Government. A total of 1,484,043 registrants with "incomplete registration status" can verify the accuracy of the information at the district office/district office. If the information is found to be inaccurate, please correct it, or if it is found that the registered information does not match the civil registration information, such as the number of children under the age of 18 is greater than the registered child information, etc., contact the registrant. And for those who register in person through the website, they can contact any registration agency for correction. The Ministry of Finance spokesperson added that for registrants who registered between September 23 – 29, 2022 and whose registration status reads "The Ministry of Finance has received your registration information completely", or those who have registered between September 5 – 22, 2022 who have "incomplete registration status" and have completed the revision from September 23 – 29, 2022, can check the registration status from Friday, October 7, 2022 onwards through the website or the registration agency. 
Senator Surachai Danaitangkul dies at the age of 68 after surgery for a brain tumor.|Senator Surachai Danaitangkul died after undergoing surgery for a brain tumor, Siri, 68, reporters reported. Senator Surachai Danaitang, who was the brother of Mr. Surachai Danaitang, a member of the Pracharat Party (PDP) list, passed away peacefully at his residence. After undergoing surgery for a brain tumor, Siri, 68 years old, is scheduled to pray at Wat Phra Si Mahathat Worawihan, Bang Khen Sala 12, and will have a funeral mass at 4:00 p.m., then a funeral prayer at 5:30 p.m., a funeral prayer service scheduled for 4 days on Oct. 2-5, 2022 at 6 p.m., and on Oct. 6, 2022, at 1 p.m. The death of Mr. Surachai means that the number of senators remains at 244, which is vacant after the death of Admiral Chum Awong and the retirement of the commanders of the armed forces.
"Tipanan" reiterates "Pracharat Power" good trend "Big Tou" to continue to increase confidence|"Tipanan" reiterates that the PDP is still trending well in all areas, pointing out that "Big Tou" has gone further, bringing confidence, back to the children, going far. Thank you for your good wishes, but it's not about outsiders. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office and Spokesperson of the Pracharat Party He revealed that from meeting with the people, as well as messages through his social media channels, he sent encouragement to Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister shall continue to perform his duties to run the country and be encouraged to solve various problems after the Constitutional Court's ruling to remain in the position of Prime Minister by law. Thank you for expressing your opinions and good wishes of those outside the Pracharat Party, both not their own. It is believed that before and after this, the public sees it. On what the Prime Minister and the Pracharat Party Always work hard, rather than having anyone, to use discourse to guide them. Ms Tipanan said the constitutional court's decision, on the other hand, was "unacceptable". To Gen Prayuth, giving the Prime Minister the opportunity to continue working for the people, including the further laying of the country's infrastructure, will bring confidence, trust. "Nationwide, there are MPs and candidates of the Pracharat Party in all areas, led by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The deputy prime minister and head of the Pracharat Party have worked to help. People for nearly 4 years have confirmed that there is still a trend in popularity. Wherever there is an MP of the PDP. The response was also cohesive. I still want the people to take care of the area." Ms. Tipanan said.
Super Pole raises "Big Tou" to number one suitable as prime minister|Super Pole "Big Tou" ranks first as prime minister while 19.2% Cheers for "Phae Thong Than" hijacked the prime minister to solve economic problems. SUPER POLL reveals the results of a nationwide public opinion poll. A total of 1,159 examples of assistance and time remaining between September 30 and October 1, 2022. Prime Minister's decision Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha acceptable After the Constitutional Court decided to continue working (more than one answer), 35.8 percent said they would continue to work to solve economic problems. 28.4 per cent said they would dissolve parliament immediately, 28.0 per cent said they would dissolve parliament after apec, 26.9 per cent said they would resign immediately, and 25.4 per cent said a cabinet reshuffle. According to the prime minister, the status of political leaders of the government and opposition parties was 22.5 percent, the second was Anutin Charnvirakul (12.5 percent), and the third was Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit (3.5 percent). 11.4 per cent, 3.5 per cent, Dr. Cholnan Srikaew. 2.8% among non-affiliated helpers. Mr. Somkid Jatusripitak 10.1 per cent, Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan, 10.0 per cent and others 4.5 per cent respectively.
Prime Minister prepares to fly Ubon on October 4 Check the flood situation.|Prime Minister prepares to fly Ubon on October 4 Check the flood situation and encourage the people by postponing the meeting. It is Wednesday, Oct. 5, to replace Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense prepared a water situation inspection area and visited to give encouragement. People affected by floods On Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2022, the meeting will be postponed. It is Wednesday, October 5, 2022. At 9:30 a.m., General Prayuth will attend a meeting on water management and remediation and assistance to affected people via videoconference with provincial governors nationwide. Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan to Thailand and Ambassador of the Commonwealth of Australia to Thailand. Visited the Prime Minister on the occasion of his inauguration at the Thai Twin Fah Building.
Cat slaves like this. Cat "Nuan" presenter promoting APEC 2022|Slave cat flocks like Instagram Ministry of Foreign Affairs Post a picture "Nuan", a female miao, as a presenter promoting APEC 2022, became a post on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Instagram @mfa_thailand with a lot of likes and comments. After the "Nuan" photo was posted. As a public relations presenter for Thailand to host the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC 2022) meeting, Instagram @mfa_thailand posted a message. "Nuan's mission this week is to hold a press conference at APEC 2022 Thailand, which Thailand will host this year. "Hosting APEC this year will be an important opportunity for Thailand to play a constructive role in co-formulating the policy and direction of international regional economic cooperation. Exchange knowledge and experience with APEC countries in order to reform and raise Thailand's economic standards to modernize and internationalize, as well as to strengthen the capacity in various dimensions for the public and private sectors. The post has received nearly 1,000 likes, with netizens commenting and encouraging many cats, such as... Nuan is very cute, Rong Nuan fights and is very cute for the APEC leadership meeting to be held from November 14-19, with the leaders of all 21 economic zones attending the meeting at the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. President of China and Vladimir Putin Putin President of Russia Joe Biden. The U.S. leader, who is scheduled to host APEC after Thailand in 2023, said he could not attend because of the mission and sent Vice President Kamala Harris to replace him for the APEC agenda pushed by Thailand. At the end In August, APEC had 21 member zones, comprising the world's economic powers such as the United States, China, Japan, Canada, South Korea, Australia and Russia. Thailand is one of the 12 co-founding economies of APEC with a total population of more than 2.9 billion people, or about one-third of the world. It has a combined gross domestic product or GDP of about 1.7 billion baht. It accounts for more than half of world GDP and accounts for nearly half of global trade.
Look at the car registration number "Big Pom" Lui Chainat. I want to be the next prime minister.|Big Pom to inspect the water situation in Chainat Province Fans flocked to cheer, lottery fans did not miss the car registration, win this lottery 16/10/65The reporter reported that today (October 3) at 12.00 pm, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as director of the National Water Directorate (CONCH), visited the area to check the water situation in Chainat and Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya provinces, with the first point going to the Irrigation Office No. 12, Chai Nat Province. Nakasai Minister of The Prime Minister's Office Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Finance Minister, Gen. Chaichan Changmongkol Deputy Defense Minister joins the delegation Mr. Anusorn Nakasai The prime minister of Chai Nat province, as well as the fans who came to wait for Uncle Pom since the morning, held up signs of encouragement, hugged, waited for fragrant, and gave white cloths to horses. Some even want to be the next prime minister, Gen. Prawit, meeting with relevant agencies. He said that due to the influence of Storm Noru. This caused a lot of heavy rain and flooding occurred. It has a wide impact in many parts of the country. The government is closely monitoring the water situation and planning prevention and response in advance by establishing a front-end water management center in flood-prone areas. There are 2 centers: Northeast. Ubon Ratchathani and Central Today, the center has visited the monitoring area in Chai Nat province to acknowledge the performance and obstacles in the center's work. The government is concerned about the affected people. Therefore, he instructed relevant agencies to expedite the implementation of the flood problem in order to return the situation to normal as soon as possible, and asked all agencies to support the work of the front water management centers in flood-prone areas. To achieve unity in work. To expedite the problem and reduce the impact effectively, in addition, it has instructed the province, the Irrigation Department. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation and related agencies Expedite drainage of water from the area to alleviate suffering and help affected people as soon as possible. Integration with the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives, Ministry of Finance Consider measures to help affected people, including planning to store water for use in the next dry season. The MINISTRY of Agriculture will consider plans to plant crops in low-lying areas that are used as floodplains. To prevent damage to agricultural products and prepare a plan for water delivery to the fields. To help alleviate flooding in the area. Gen. Prawit went to see the water level at the chao phraya dam. Before continuing to perform duties in Ang Thong and Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya provinces. Next, lottery fans do not miss to catch the registration of the car that Big Pom used in this area, registration 1Nok1268, to try his luck in hopes of getting rich with the lottery on October 16th.
Prayuth suggests using transistor radio for flood warning If the communication system is down|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister, speaking on Monday (Oct. 3) during a meeting with governors across the country via video call, recommended using transistor radios to alert the public about the flooding situation. If other communication systems fail, the Prime Minister said this communication was already in place in 2011 when electricity was cut off in flooded areas. Prayuth also told the governors that he wants full cooperation both within the province and across the province. He also reiterated the management of water levels in dams and reservoirs with this statement occurring during flooding in many provinces such as Ubon Ratchathani, Chiang Mai, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya and Pathum Thani provinces. At the same time, many commented that they did not buy the idea and criticized that in this day and age, not everyone has a radio, but rather a short message (SMS) alert because many people have mobile phones.
Quick look before the panel runs out! "Uncle Tu" checks the flood of Ubon to win this lottery 16/10/65|Car registration number "Big Tou" check the flood of Ubon Ratchathani. 16/10/65 Before it could be bought, the White House reported today (Oct. 4) at 1:30 p.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense together with the delegation arrived at The 21 Air Division, Muang District, Ubon Ratchathani Province, to inspect the flood situation in Ubon Ratchathani province. Gen. Prayuth traveled to the area in a vehicle belonging to the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation (DOD). Orange registration number 53 -7093 Bangkok To check the flood situation in Warin Chamrap district. Win the lottery on October 16, 2022.
"Chaiwut" brushes off the answer of The Pracharat MP to "Nevin" birthday Leaving the party to Bhumjaithai|"Chaiwut" brushes off the answer of The Pracharat MP to "Nevin" birthday To leave the party to be proud Thai, you must answer for yourself. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society and Deputy Leader of the Pracharat Party. He told I.N.N. news agency. There were 29 MPs from various parties, including the Pracharat Party MPs. Go to a birthday party. Mr. Nevin Chidchob, who has been interpreted as possibly joining the Bhumjaithai Party, said he did not know if the matter was true. You will need to ask the listed person directly how the decision was made. Mr. Chaiwut continued that if the Pracharath Party MP actually moves to join the Bhumjaithai Party, it is the right of the MP.
"Peace" confident that the people will choose the PDP. Don't dread the landslides. "For Thailand"|Mr. Santi Prompat Deputy Minister of Finance The Secretary-General of the Pracharat Party reiterated that the work over the past 4 years that the party has taken care of the people to live well and eat well is evident. Today, there are candidates with ideologies that the people in the area are very familiar with, and in the past, there have been continuous launch of candidates, and there will be more and more for the results of public opinion polls. The popularity of the Pracharat Party has fallen considerably. Mr. Santi said that the results of some bureaus did not always match the truth from the field trip with Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as the leader of the party, was well received. Work for the people, especially the foundation people, credit the Pracharat Party for helping the people well, especially in the northern regions. The party has a care program. Solve many problems for people, including water. Create jobs, create jobs, people are satisfied. We are confident that the public will respond very well in the event that the MP attends Mr. Nevin Chidchob's birthday party, many MPs know and help each other. When there is a free day, they go to the event as usual, but rest assured that no MPs have been bought away because the Pracharat Party MPs fought together. They are harmonious, affectionate and have the same purpose to take care of the people. Personally, I'm confident. In the party's MPs Don't warn each other. Everyone has maturity while the landslides of the Party for Thailand is just a metaphor, the people will make decisions based on the performance and honesty of the individual. 
Students commemorate 46 years of #สังหารหมู่ธรรมศาสตร์ The opposition laid a wreath of mourning.|On Thursday (October 6) at the Memorial of October 6, 19, Thammasat University, ThaPrachan, since the morning of the dedication of charity and laying a wreath to commemorate the passing of the 45 deceased from the October 6, 1976 event, the atmosphere of the event today was filled with people from various walks of life, including youth, students, citizens and politicians. Mr. Pitha Charoenrat, Ms. Pannika Vanich, Mrs. Amarat Chokpamitkul Leader of the Progressive Party and The Progressive Party, Navarattri Sita Tiwari The Thai Build Thai Party, and Sommon Boonheng, a representative from the Seri Ruam Thai Party, Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon The Thai Sriwilai Party and the Thai Pattana Dare Party after the wreath-laying ceremony gave a speech commemorating the events of October 6, 1976 under the topic "How to kill without dying" by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Anusorn Unso. Lecturer, Faculty of Sociology and Anthropology, Thammasat University The key to this talk is to talk about the struggle. Political rallies of young students over the years, who have been committed to change, have been through three main petitions calling on General Prayut Chan-o-cha to step down. The prime minister resigned, and the creation of a new constitution was included. Although some groups have disintegrated or retreated somewhat, there is still a constant movement through activities and social media until the goal is achieved. However, youth groups, including those in attendance, continued to fight. According to the concept of "Large-scale change in the world begins with cultural change", the events of October 6, 1976 were repressive and civilized. Students and citizens who came to protest against the dictatorship In Thammasat University, Tha Phra Chan by paramilitary forces. Border Patrol police and people who disagree with the protesters Under the name of the Nawapol-Red Bull Coalition. A total of 45 people were killed, many injured and arrested. While the perpetrators, who were not prosecuted, the incident led to many people deciding to go into the jungle, later joining the Communist Party of Thailand. It is recorded in the pages of history and inspires a new generation of adherents to democratic ideals. To rise up and fight for democracy on many occasions later.
"Anutin" is ready to be the prime minister, pointing out that in the next election, the PM will sweep 120 chairs, not joking.|On Oct. 6, 2022, Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnveerkul, as the head of the Bhumjaithai Party (PHP), spoke about the party's expectation in the next election to get at least 120 MPs. Mr. Nevin said, "As Mr. Anutin, He is the principal of the Bhumjaithai Party. I look forward to seeing one of my students as prime minister." At a birthday party On October 4, Anutin said it was a blessing from adults, a goal of the party. He said it meant that the Bhumjaithai Party had the potential to do so. We're not kidding, we're trying our best. As for where it comes from, it has to come from the hard work of the Bhumjaithai Party. Party MPs and all party members must go to the ground to charge the problem, make policies, do not look at what needs to be done only at the campaign, but what is useful must be done with Mr. Anutin also gave an example of free dialysis. This was never the policy of the party. The Minister of Public Health found that dialysis patients pay 1.5 thousand baht at a time. One week 2 times pay 3 thousand baht Where else will the travel cost? The burden on the people is to find a way to help. Thailand has a 30 baht policy to treat all diseases. When asked if becoming prime minister is an all-out position, Mr Anutin said there was a lot to be done in politics. Personally, I am ready, educated and experienced, and I want to help the city. Of course, there are criticisms, but understandably, because our work involves the whole country. The resonance is therefore multiplicity. What is useful, they are ready to listen and deploy. When asked if there were many MPs preparing to move into the Bhumjaithai Party, which could cause dissatisfaction with other political parties, Mr. Anutin said that moving the party was normal because he had moved the party before joining the Thai Rak Thai Party. It's very common, whether or not you're moving and working, and you're here. He's fully functional.
The Power of The State Launched 6 candidates for Northern Congress to send son Boonsong to Chiang Mai|Pracharat Power Party Six members of the House of Representatives will be fielded in the northern arena. On Thursday (Oct. 6), the six candidates will compete in three provinces: Santi Phrompat, secretary-general of the Pracharat Party and deputy finance minister, said that the past six have always cared for the suffering of the people. In 2019, the Pracharat Party won 3 seats out of 33 seats in the upper north, 1 seat in Mae Hong Son province and 2 seats in Phayao province. Mr. Thamnus Prompao, District 1, Phayao, Jiradej Sriviraj, District 3, Phayao and Panya Ginakham, District 1, Mae Hong Son. Moved to Thai Economic Party
"Pravit" Regretting the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu, he asked the media, "What do you do, people are addicted to drugs?"|"Pravit" Regrettable about the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu, the policeman asked the media, "What do you do, people are addicted to drugs" (October 6, 2022). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister expressed his condolences to the families of all those killed in the shooting in Nong Bua Lamphu province. The perpetrators have died, including his wife and children. Despite the government's efforts to tackle the drug problem, this tragedy has occurred. The numbers 1699, 169, 191, 1567 are many, before asking the press if they remember when the villains took their own lives and died early. As a result, no more victims died from the incident. Prawit said he was not lucky enough to lose his life and asked the media if he had seen the photos. Prawit said, "What do you do, people are addicted to drugs?"
Chatchachat Regret the shooting, discuss preventing children's centers in Bangkok, dreading imitative behavior|Chatchachat Regretting the shooting, I don't think this will happen in Thailand, discuss preventing children's centers in Bangkok, dreading behavior that mimics Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok (Bangkok). Live on Facebook after visiting the Bangkok-Nonthaburi junction to find a solution to the flooding problem. After a meeting with the Governor of Nonthaburi Department of Highways and Mayor Pak Kret, who before taking them to visit the site. The Governor of Bangkok expressed his condolences over the shooting of a children's center in Nong Bua Lamphu province, stating that his condolences to the families of the injured and deceased was an unlikely event. It is unbelievable that this would happen in Thailand. We'll have to discuss it because once this happened. There must be measures on how to prepare for care, there may be behaviors that mimic anything, but it must be looked at, especially in the area of children's centers. If the big school at least has a mission to take care of, but the volunteer children's center is a female teacher, they may not have the strength to fight the perpetrators. The governor posted: "The loss of a child is the most severe tragedy for parents. I offer my condolences to the families of the victims and all those injured, and to encourage all of us to get through this depressing time. #กราดยิงหนองบัวลําภู"
Thaksin post regrets Nong Bua Lamphu shooting, hijacks government crackdown on drugs|Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra A Twitter post on Thursday (Oct. 6) expressed condolences over the shooting of a children's center. Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province Earlier on the same day, the former prime minister said, "The shooting at the Child Development Center in Nong Bua Lamphu province, which killed 38 people, is an unlikely tragedy in our country. I strongly condemn the brutality of the perpetrators. We extend our deepest condolences to the families of the victims and urge the government to take the crackdown on drugs, especially methamphetamine, because we have lost more than enough." Na Wang However, he was removed from government service because of his involvement in drugs during Thaksin's tenure as prime minister. Between 2002 and 2004, during the former prime minister's era, drug cases dropped from about 200,000 to 35,000, but in 2005 it doubled from the previous year, and in 2006 it increased slightly. Mr Thaksin's war on drugs has also led to accusations of "killing" many people, especially those in drug trafficking networks. To prevent government officials from investigating the main culprits. 
Dr. Warong is thrilled to find a pickup truck hit and run. Beckoning but not stopping, the real villain is shooting.|Dr. Warong Tell me about the accident, found a pickup truck, and the grandmother fell and fled. Beckoning but not stopping, he later learned that he was the culprit of the shooting, in a shooting incident at a children's center. in Na Klang District Uthaisawan Several people, both children and adults, were injured when the child was lying in the center during the day. The perpetrator is reportedly a former police officer. The 34-year-old, who was addicted to drugs until he was discharged from government service. After the incident, he drove away and returned to his home. He burned his car before shooting his wife and shot herself dead inside the house, with a total of 38 people killed in the incident. The post recounts an incident in which he almost confronted the villain. "#saveหนองบัวลําภูกับสิ่งระทึกใจ While I was driving to the area, the Community Enterprise Center was just water. Red Coast We saw a white pickup truck hitting a grandmother's motorbike that was driving a motorbike until grandma's motorbike fell on the side of the road and the pickup truck drove away. Garden with our car The left bumper is seen hanging down. We got to the position of grandmother's motorcycle. We parked down and beckoned the car that drove away to stop, but he drove away and we got out of the car and helped the grandmother and called 1669 to pick up the grandmother for medical treatment. In past areas I started parking my car and asked for ransom until an ambulance came to pick up my grandmother for treatment and called to tell my relatives. Our faculty also traveled. Next to the Nam Mere Din Community Enterprise Center, which is not far from the thriller. Farmers in the water center only soil There is a sound along the line. In the village, everyone is allowed to enter the house because there is a mob shooting children in the children's center at the neighboring police station. All Homes We were apprehensive and had to refrain from using the sound so that the sound from the loudspeakers would not attract the villains, we came to know later that the villain's car was a white pickup truck, the bumper fell off like something hit, so we were even more excited because the pickup truck that hit grandma fell on the side of the road. Previously, it was white. There is also a bumper on the left side of the car. It is highly likely that it is the same car. During the visit to the area, it was reported that the culprit had died. Once again, my deepest condolences to the families of those who lost. Dr. Warong's fan page also came to comment praising Dr. Warong and his team for helping his grandmother who was involved in an accident. He said it was good that the culprit did not stop the car or repeat the crime with his grandmother or Dr. Warong's group.
Big Tu - Big Pom - Big Pok landed in Nong Bua Lamphu area to support the losses, giving 3.1 lakh each.|"Prayuth" with his team went to Nong Bua Lamphu area to support those lost in the tragedy, giving 3.1 lakh (700,000 baht) to each of the deceased. Oct 2022) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense, together with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, Gen. Anupong Tribejinda The Minister of The Interior, as well as other ministers, came to the Uthai Sawan Subdistrict Administration Organization. To support the families of the deceased and injured. After the shooting at the Child Development Center, upon arrival, General Prayuth and his delegation laid white flowers in front of the Child Development Zone and stood in silence as a tribute, and then represented the donation of 110,000 baht to the families of the deceased, 200,000 baht from the Prime Minister's Office, and 200,000 baht from social security to pay compensation for death due to work to the insured persons under Section 33 to the families of the deceased, totaling more than 2,400,000 baht. That the government intends to give to the families of those who have lost their lives.
"A step forward" to hijack the state, tighten control over drugs, not yet finalized, filed for revision. Km. Gun Control|Go the distance The current point is that the purchase of guns is too easy to determine the cause of the shooting, but it has not yet been finalized. Km. gun control, hijacking the state, drug control, Mr. Pijarn Chaopattanawong List of MPs of the Far-Right Party He told I.N.N. News. In the case of a shooting in a child development center The Subdistrict Administration Organization (ORB) Uthai Sawan, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, said the issue raised a lot of questions and controversy. One of them is the issue of firearms, and the far-right party is also discussing gun control laws. Nowadays, people are allowed to buy guns easily, but at the moment it is not clear how the amendment will be filed. Noted why this kind of incident has never been seen in other professions, and how to deal with it. In addition, in terms of administration, the security forces must review and improve, both in terms of drug control and in terms of welfare care to boost morale among the officers.
Coordinate temples nationwide Held a prayer service dedicated to the victims of the shooting.|"Anusha" to B.E. coordinates temples throughout the country. Held a prayer ceremony dedicated to the victims of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting. Raise morale among parents following a former police officer's shooting at the Child Development Center of Uthai Sawan Subdistrict Administration Organization. Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province On Oct. 6, children and residents were killed and a number of others injured, affecting the mental health of parents and many residents. Mr. Anucha Nakasai Ministers of the Prime Minister's Office bowed to His Majesty the King. The Patriarch Of The Diocese Ordered the National Office of Buddhism to coordinate temples across the country to hold prayer ceremonies to mourn those who died in the incident. To raise morale among the parents and relatives of the deceased who mourned this unexpected loss. He said he would like to offer his condolences to the family of the deceased. Such incidents should not happen in Thai society. Especially for children and youth, which is the future of the nation in the days ahead. The loss has saddened people across the country, and to mourn the holy souls and to support their parents and relatives. The National Office of Buddhism is preparing to hold prayer ceremonies to dedicate charity and build morale among the families of the deceased.
Deputy Spokesperson for Thai Ji, Prime Minister for Police Reform - Solve drug problems seriously|Deputy Spokesperson for Thai Ji, the Prime Minister, seriously reformed the police. Before the end of the life expectancy of Ms. Trijada Sridada's government. Pheu Thai Deputy Spokesperson expressed his deepest condolences to the families of those killed and injured in the tragedy in Nong Bua Lamphu province and strongly condemned the violence, unconscious, inhuman and inappropriate violence in Thai society. Many incidents of violence involving government officials or former government officials using firearms to harm people have occurred in the government of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The prime minister and defence minister, who announced after the 2014 military coup, would reform the police. Gen Prayuth oversees both the Ministry of Defence and the Royal Thai Police. Therefore, we call on Gen Prayuth to take serious, sincere and concrete police reforms as soon as possible before the end of the government's lifespan. Because of the growing social problems, they all come from drugs. The cause undermines Thai society as a whole. Even a single methamphetamine pill would create problems if Prayuth's government runs the country well. Efficient Pay attention to government officials, especially armed people of color, and order surveillance. Screw from top to bottom seriously. Incidents that are too severe to accept or forgive will go down. Prayuth, as prime minister, must use his powers to solve problems.
The PM has not spoken to the Prime Minister "Chaiwut", smiling, not answering, "Thammasat" will return.|"Chaiwut" Yan, the PDP, has already prepared candidates in all districts, waiting for the right moment to launch, still not talking to the candidacy, the prime minister smiled but did not answer, "Thammasat" will come back. Digital Economy and Society (DES) Minister Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn said the internal situation and election preparations of the Pracharat Party are now "unprecedented". Election preparations of the Pracharat Party Prepare candidates for all districts, including party members, to be ready to comply with election laws. Confirm that all districts are submitted. The campaign was all planned. Just wait for the timing to launch. We have to wait and see if it is appropriate, as it is now the time when people are experiencing flooding in many areas by Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharat Party, had to go to the flooded area. We must take care of the people in preventing and healing the floods. There's a lot of work to be done here. Political activity must be put on hold. Both Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Prawit went to the collision area. Who will the Pracharat Party propose as prime minister next time? He still doesn't know. Within the party, there has been no discussion. Seeing as it is normal for both parties to go to the area together, where a group of Pracharath Party MPs went to Mr. Nevin Chidchob's birthday party, there will be a party move or not in the next term. Every election requires a change of political party, which is an individual matter. He said they had to respect each other in order to move the party, but at the same time, there were many people who would move to Pracharat. There's been a discussion, and we'll see when it really needs to be moved. In the case of the news that Lieutenant Thammasat Brahmaputra S.P.A. The head of the Thai Economic Party may move back to the Phalang Pracharat Party. Mr. Chaiwut smiled and replied that he did not know the information yet. Don't ask for comment, and let's go back and check the details first.
"Tipanan" yan "Prayuth" strongly against drugs, do not compare the "Thaksin" era|"Tipanan" suggests for Thailand to standardize the urgent submission of "Nong Bua Lamphu" without guessing - quick conclusion without evidence The prime minister has urged all units to tighten drug control, not to liken Thaksin to killing Ms Tipanan Sirichana. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office and Spokesperson of the Phalang Pracharat Party said that the Pheu Thai Party is preparing an urgent mover to resolve the shooting at the Child Development Center. Uthaisawan District Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, thanked the Pheu Thai Party for giving importance to the issue and bringing the issue to the Cabinet in accordance with the legislative process, which it believes will receive a clear answer and lead to understanding, as well as a common solution of Thai society from the Cabinet. It will require cooperation in all sectors, including the government. The opposition, the private sector, civil society and, most importantly, the people, Ms Tipanan said the Pheu Thai Party should not jump to conclusions. Accusing the government of failing to address drug abuse because the cause of the tragedy is only a preliminary assumption. The autopsy results showed no drugs, which would require forensic procedures to proceed. Therefore, be cautious when commenting, wait for the process to be resolved, as well as the process of investigating the root cause of the incident. Don't be too hasty, because it's a delicate matter for political parties to demonstrate maturity. In such a crisis situation, Ms. Tipanan said. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister attaches importance to the drug prevention and suppression policy to ensure that the law is enforced vigorously and with tangible results. The law has been updated. The Narcotics Code Act B.E. 2564 (2021), which focuses on breaking the drug cycle by increasing the efficiency of seizure of property. 25% belongs to investigators and case makers, and 5% belongs to whistleblowers in order to get people involved in the crackdown on drugs. However, more than 7,000 million baht of property can be seized against those involved in narcotics. The Prime Minister has also urged relevant authorities to tighten drug control. The attempt was made to compare it to the Thaksin government. Shinawatra, who has taken a serious anti-drug operation; Let's not compare them, because of the killing problems of the Thaksin government. As a result, more than 1,400 people were killed, causing human rights violations and causing unrest to date.
NIDA polls Isaan people support "Ung Inc" as prime minister, preferring for Thailand's "Shinawatra" performance|NIDA Isaan poll backs "Ung Inc." Prime Minister likes to cheer for Shinawatra – "Pitha" 2nd "Nida Poll" National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA) Public survey results revealed A survey conducted between October 3-6, 2022, when asked about who Isaan people would support to be prime minister today, found that 36.45 percent identified as Ms. Paethongthan (Ung Inc.) Shinawatra (Party for Thailand) because they are the new generation. Like the Party for Thailand, the party's policies are practical. While 12.65 per cent said they liked the shinawatra family's performance, 12.65 per cent identified as Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat (Far-Right Party) because he was a new generation. While some said they liked the policy and political ideology of the far-right party, 10.20 percent identified as Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan (Thai Build Thai Party) because of her management experience. Love the party's policies, be honest and honest. Others said they wanted to give women the opportunity to run the country and could not find the right person. In equal proportions. In the fourth place, 9.85 percent identified as General Prayut Chan-o-cha because of his honesty. The 5th place, 6.50 percent, identified as Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes (Seri Ruam Thai Party) because he is a straightforward person. 6. 3.95% identified as Dr. Cholnan Srikaew (Pheu Thai Party) because they like their past work, are truthful and like the Pheu Thai Party, 7. 2.80% identified as Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul (Proud Thai Party) because they like the way they work and like the policies of the Bhumjaithai Party. While some of them identified as people who continuously care for the people, 8% 1.75% identified as Mr. Korn Jatiwanich (National Pattanaklao Party) because of his knowledge, expertise in the economy, management experience and love his past work, 9% 1.30% identified as Dr. Somkid Jatusripitak (The Future Of Thailand Party).
"Chol Nan" yan without secret deal "Thammasat" returns to the Party for Thailand|"Chol Nan" Yan without secret deal "Thammasat" returns to the Party for Thailand, brushes off the door, throws stones, asks the way. Look at who is malicious. We reiterate that we must listen to the opinions of all parties because For Thailand is the party of the people at the Party for Thailand at the press conference to launch the policy tomorrow for Thailand for the "new income" of the people. Dr. Cholnan Srikaew Pheu Thai party leader Thammasat Phrompao said the secret deal was a secret deal in Dubai. The head of the Thai Economic Party, who is back in the Party for Thailand, said he believed this was not true. This kind of news is always present, and it remains to be seen whether anyone has malicious intentions against the Pheu Thai Party. The party has always been cautious about this because it is related to the law, insisting that the Pheu Thai Party strictly adheres to the law in the functioning of political parties. Does it have to go through the party executive committee first? Dr. Chol Nan Indicates that a mechanism already exists. Most importantly, the Party for Thailand is the party of the people. Approval from party members is required. From those who share the same ideology as the party. Therefore, what the party does, it must always take into account this. last The party's executive committee will have to carefully consider the chances of Thammasat returning to the Party for Thailand. Dr. Chol Nan He said he would not comment because each political party has its own approach. Try to seek opportunities to gain the trust of the people as much as possible. As for how to choose a guideline, is it the approach of each party, which does not close the door that Mr. Thammasat will return to the Party for Thailand? Dr. Chol Nan He did not answer the question, but reiterated that the Pheu Thai Party is the party of the people. Public opinion must be listened to. Listen to the opinions of all parties involved, will it be a stone throwing? Dr. Chol Nan He said he wasn't sure. I don't know. Thammasat's list of candidates will return to the Party for Thailand, causing dissatisfaction among many parties. The Pheu Thai Party listens to all parties because the Pheu Thai Party is the party of the people. Not only those who agree or oppose, all have to process what is most useful to the people. The Pheu Thai Party is based on that. He has a close relationship with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Will the deputy prime minister and the head of the Phalang Pracharat Party be politically linked? Dr. Chol Nan He said the political dimension of the Pheu Thai Party must think carefully and carefully about what is beneficial on behalf of the Pheu Thai Party for the people as much as possible.
Prime Minister orders clearance of firearms and drugs Build public confidence|The Prime Minister ordered. Police chief mobilizes to clear "firearms, drugs, one-stop shop" To build confidence among the people, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, revealed that Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister has ordered an urgent, comprehensive and ongoing crackdown on drug and firearms offenders. To build confidence among the people. In order to deter illegal acts, measures to suppress firearms will focus on individuals who are allowed to possess and use firearms, but have behaved disorderly or behaved in a way that poses a threat to society. An in-depth behavioral investigation can be conducted to notify the registrar of the revocation of the license. In addition, there will be checks on vulnerable groups such as teenagers, children who like to carry firearms in public places and like to shoot, gangsters who are agitated, causing trouble and annoyance. A person carrying a firearm follows an influencer. Extensive bidders, major contractors, and inspectors and arrests of illegal sources of trafficking, manufacturing, concealment of illegal weapons, sources of injustice, and smuggling. Facilities Set checkpoints Extraction points and setting up checkpoints for individuals Vehicles, intercept illegal weapons smuggling, both land and water. Search public bus baggage, intercept smuggling, import and export Illegal weapons along the border Cracking down on transnational arms trafficking, including expanding and implementing asset measures, including seizure of assets in drug cases, money laundering, etc. To all offenders, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said that he had ordered the establishment of an operations center and control of the command. In this regard, both at the station, division, and headquarters levels, to manage the case so that there is no duplication. Establish a system for coordinating and transmitting information quickly and efficiently, including to supervisors at all levels. Tighten control over the conduct of subordinates closely. Meanwhile, supervisors at all levels have to go down and drive the policy as directed, including establishing a "white police" program to randomly check the urine of all police officers. Monitor, monitor, and control the behavior of subordinates not to be directly or indirectly involved in drugs. If an action is found All offences shall be dealt with in a decisive legal, disciplinary and administrative manner and will be evaluated and used in the appointment of police officers in the coming term.
The Prime Minister to "Nong Bua Lamphu" visited to support the families of the victims of the shooting.|October 9, 2022 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense accompanied the delegation to Thepmongkol Pichai Temple. Dan Chang Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province The Prime Minister then visited to support the family of the deceased and presided over a prayer service at Wat Rat Samakkhi, Uthai Sawan. At 18.00 pm, the Prime Minister began praying the Abhidharma at Wat Rat Samakkhi before 21.45 pm.
Pae Thong Than manages the whole water system back. If it's a government.|Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, head of the Family for Thailand, said on Tuesday (Oct. 11) that the Pheu Thai Party will adopt the entire water management policy as one of its core policies. In the campaign for the next election. Because water problems, especially flooding, are an urgent problem that many people face every year and create difficulties for those who are heavily affected. Ms. Paethongthan said, "This is a problem that has caused people trouble. It definitely needs to be fixed." Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand and Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Nakhon Ratchasima added Ms. Paethongthan during a meeting with flood victims in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. The Pheu Thai Party had previously planned to implement a water management system, but a coup d'état occurred in 2014. If there is an opportunity to become a government again, it will stick to the same plan. "That plan and today are 10 years apart, it may need to be updated as usual," the Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand commented on the government's water management under the management of the Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said that over the past 8 years, water is still flooding, and the people in the area reflect that this year the floods are higher than in previous years because of the lack of understanding to solve the whole system and the allocation of "broken heads" budgets. 
Government prepares budget of 23 billion baht Healing flood victims Insist on thorough care.|The government is preparing a budget of 23 billion baht. Heal flood victims and hand over relevant agencies to expedite damage survey after the water recedes Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office addressed Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's statement. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence at the Cabinet meeting said that the flood situation In many areas, the flood situation has improved, rehabilitation needs to be taken care of, and when the water recedes, the relevant agencies will be able to go to the area to survey the damage. Immediately take action in order to make a disbursement. As for generating income, the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives will take care of both the arrangement of factors related to production. In order to take care of the farmers in the area, including infrastructure repairs, the Department of Rural Highways by having all agencies take care of the budget is another issue that the Prime Minister has discussed. By remedies Initially, it will be carried out in accordance with legal regulations. As for what to add, the Prime Minister is willing to take care of it so that the care of the people is thorough and complete. According to the suffering caused.
Statue of Gen. Chatchai Chunhavan raises the nation's efforts to fight elections, hoping to reclaim the golden age|The National Pattana Dare Party unveiled a statue of Gen. Chatchai Chunhawan to raise the alarm for the election battle, changing the leader of the party from Devan Liptapallop to Korn Jatiwanich today (October 12, 2022) at the National Pattanaklao Party headquarters, 2222/2 Mittraphap Road. Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province The National Pattana Dare Party held the opening ceremony of the memorial. Gen. Chatchai Chunhavan, former prime minister and former leader of the National Pattana Party, and the inauguration ceremony of the banner at the National Pattana Klao Party headquarters. The chairman of the National Pattana Party presided over the ceremony and the party's executive committee members such as Mr. Devan Liptapallop, Mr. Watcharapol Tomarasak, Dr. Wannarat Channukul, Mr. Korn Jatiwanich, Mr. Koropsak Phawasu and other party members. At 08.35 a.m., there was a ceremony to pay tribute to Gen. Chatchai Chunhawan to commemorate the virtues that the former prime minister and the first leader of the National Pattana Party had created for the nation and the people of Korat. National Pattanaklao Party headquarters at the entrance of the party headquarters. On October 16, 2022, the National Pattanaklao Party is scheduled to hold its annual general meeting of party members at Kantary Hotel, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Ratchasima province, to restructure the party's executive committee by changing the party leader from Mr. Thewan Liptapallop to Mr. Korn Jatiwanich and 7 other members of the party executive committee. Take back the golden age of the economy and turn the battlefield into a trading ground, just like when General Chatchai Chunhawan was prime minister.
The government rejoiced. Thailand ranks 5th in Asia, the best country in the world|The government rejoiced. Thailand ranks 5th in Asia and 2nd in ASEAN in the 2022 World Best Countries Rankings. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Thailand was ranked 5th in Asia and 2nd in ASEAN and 28th in the world for the best countries in the world for 2022 (U.S. News & World Report Best Countries Rankings) by usnews.com websites that rank popularity in various areas (https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/rankings) which found that out of a total of 85 countries in 2022, the top rated countries in the world were Switzerland and ranked 2nd to 5th respectively in Germany, Canada, the United States and Sweden. The top 5 asia are: Japan ranked 6th, China 17th, Singapore 19th, South Korea 20th and Thailand 28th. The survey was divided into 10 topics: the country's adaptability; Favorable environment for entrepreneurs quality of life Uniqueness, Social Rights Cultural influence, openness to business The state of the country on the world stage Foreigners have a positive view and attitude towards Thailand. It is one of the most visited countries in the world. It's not. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense are convinced that the factors that will make Thailand successful. In addition to Thailand's uniqueness, culture and economic potential, it is an important center of the region. What is important is that Thai human resources are as capable as any other nation, including the friendship of the Thai people. Everyone's kindness. The Prime Minister is convinced that if Thai people work together, they will be able to develop the nation through every crisis.
"General Prawit" is ready to fight the election, reiterating that all policies focus on practicality, not selling dreams.|Gen. Prawit holds 3 core policies ready to fight elections, all policies focus on practicality, not selling dreams, continuing to help the people. Deputy Prime Minister and Head of The Pracharat Party He said that the policy drive of the Pracharat Party will be presented to the people. For the upcoming elections in the near future. P.P.S. The company continues its 3 core mission policies: 1. Public welfare eliminates inequality 2. Civil Economy And 3. A peaceful and strong civil society with a policy framework that will help the people and meet the needs of Thailand under changing circumstances. Ready to lead Thailand and its people to eat well. Improved quality of life The policy of the Phalang Pracharat Party this time is to implement the policy to build on the work and drive the policy of the party in the public administration of this government because it wants to extend good policies that are beneficial to the people and offer new things that truly meet the needs of the people. The people will be at the center of the policy drive, with every policy having a budget consideration. We focus on doing it, not selling dreams, we listen to the voices of the people about how they are suffering, so we come to formulate a policy. The Pracharat Party places great importance on the development of people of all ages. Must do it for everyone. There is a chance. Having a future from childhood to caring for working-age people because it is considered to build the future of the country, it is considered a social investment. Every child should have the right to choose what they want to have in the future. Children need to receive a good quality education, thus forming a public welfare policy. From the mother's womb to the sediment", which is cared for from the moment of pregnancy, with the mother pracharat, antenatal care until delivery, and also for those over 60 years of age, we do not abandon it. There must be care for the welfare of the elderly. From housing and medical benefits to helping vulnerable groups and those who have died, Prawit said the party's policy was "to help vulnerable groups". We need to think carefully about how to apply the policy to each area because every area is different according to the local context, but still adheres to the 3 pillars of the Phalang Pracharat Party, namely the institutions of Thai politics. We come up with policies to address inequality. Poverty and people's needs We will be the party that brings peace to society, moving forward at the same time and leaving no one behind. Where our policies will drive It is based on listening to opinions from all sectors, where the public agrees, and responding to past work and being ready to continue to do so in order to have a real impact on the people.
"Rambo" Ding "Nose Udom" down the road in "Solo 13".|Rambo", "Nose. Udom" Yuk on the road, beware of the law, look to take time out to help people in flood trouble, better than Mr. Seksakorn Atthawong. Former Deputy Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has criticized the government and Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister, while declaring his support for the protests to oust the Prime Minister, said that criticism of the government and the Prime Minister is a constitutional right, but not to the point of depriving him of personal rights. However, there are groups supporting Gen Prayuth's government coming out to move against Mr Udom or some people will sue to prosecute Mr Udom, it is already normal in a democracy. Because the Prime Minister is patient, he is better at managing the city because the people are now suffering. People who are suffering from floods have suffered in many provinces. Most Thais join forces to volunteer to take care of the healing. Finding supplies to help people flooded I wouldn't have time to sit back and listen to them use their mouths to eat. Earn money Taking the time to go out and help the villagers in the flood has a lot more charity. Mr Udom also said that while Mr Udom came out in support of the mob sacking the prime minister, he warned that when he said anything, he had to be careful. Do not talk with fun without thinking about the consequences because it may be illegal, such as inciting people to go down the street, creating a mob to oust the prime minister, which may lead to trouble for the general public, or causing chaos in the city. As such, it can be a legal offense.
Super Pole The public trusts "Big Tou" the most.|Super Pole The NCPO trusts "Big Tu" to make the army capable and defend as much as possible. The SUPER POLL, a survey of 1,176 examples of public opinion on national security and the public sector between October 12 and 15, 2022, asked about politicians that the public trusts the most in making the military a professional soldier. Classified by political polarity groups, opposition government parties and aid groups or soft vote groups. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha gained the most public trust at 29.3 percent, followed by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. In the opposition sector, Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra got 20.7 percent, Pitha Limcharoenrat got 9.0 percent and Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes got 3.8 percent. 5.4 per cent, Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan, 4.3 per cent, and others 3.5 per cent, respectively, should be considered in the era of digital government, where most Thais are online. Prevention and countermeasures against attacks on communication systems Internet Financial Network Security Public benefits and digital assets It was found that in the government of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha received the most trust from the people. This was followed by Anutin Charnveerkul (14.6 per cent), Jurin Laksanavisit (6.9 per cent) and Prawit Wongsuwan (6.9 per cent). 2.8 per cent in the opposition pole, Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra got 21.3 per cent. 9.7 per cent and Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes 3.5 per cent, while the Soft Vote group found that the public trusted the most. Mr. Puttipong Punnakan 8.4 per cent, Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan, 4.8 per cent and others 3.9 per cent respectively. Politicians the public trusts the most On the security and safety of the public health system of the country and of the people in the eyes of the people and countries around the world. It was found that in the government sector, Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul gained the most trust from the people. He was followed by Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha with 18.7 percent, Juranit Laksanavisit with 5.0 percent and Prawit Wongsuwan with 3.5 percent. The public's trust was 20.0% of Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra and Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. 7.9 per cent and Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes 3.7 per cent, while the Soft Vote group found that Ms. Sudarat Keyuraphan got 10.2 per cent. 4.2 percent and 3.1 percent respectively. People decide who to choose because of current or ammunition (money and other benefits), the majority, or 60.8 percent, responded to the trend.
"Thanawat" leans toward a policy of using voluntary gender prefixes.|"Thanawat" Yan, a policy to use voluntary gender prefixes, can occur. If respecting and understanding the rights of others, Mr. Thanawat Kamolwongwat MPs on the far-right party list Discusses equality policies that will push for voluntary use of gender prefixes. The policy confirms the party's focus on gender diversity issues by pushing for the Marriage Equality Act. It is currently being considered in the House and the next step of the party is to endorse all genders and voluntary prefixes. To ensure that the future of the law, rights and protections are inclusive to people of all genders in order to further promote gender equality, which, of course, society may have questions about if the voluntary use of gender prefixes in society will result in confusion. Thanawat asserts that gender recognition will change the demographics from the original one that only includes men and women, which is ineffective because the two-gender data does not see diversity. If there is demographics of all genders, health policies can be designed, or budgetary allocations to promote gender equality. Voluntary is the will to live in any identity. As for document issues. Travel regulations, dress codes relating to gender will be amended to include gender identity and gender. The issue of transgender and other gender people being able to express their gender identity through prefixes can be found in various official documents, including protection. People of all genders can also choose not to show the prefix on their ID card. Occupation, religion in the ID card to be displayed or not. All this can happen if we understand and respect the rights of ourselves and others.  
"Pravit" says "note" single.13 Criticize the government, just talk, entertain, watch well.|"Prawit" tells "Nose-Udom" solo talk show 13 battle reviews. Speaking for entertainment, not a big deal, and appreciating the ability of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister spoke to reporters by phone when asked about the case of Mr. Udom Taepanich, or "Nose-Udom", criticizing the government's work on talk shows. Single 13, which Gen. Prawit said, "I have always watched Mr. Nose, admired his ability, and criticized the government, he has spoken in every single show, in his personal opinion, I think he speaks for entertainment.
The Prime Minister encouraged the people during the flood situation.|A government spokesman said: The Prime Minister encouraged the people. Civil servants and civil society who help each other during floods Urged to help the affected people In all areas with full force, Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said heavy rains were expected from Sept. 28 to Sept. 16. In October 2022, there was still a flash flood situation. Wild water flows and overflows the banks. The public is widely affected. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense have been closely monitoring the situation and supervising all agencies to expedite the rescue of the affected people. Along with expressing concern and encouragement to the people. Civil servants and civil society who helped each other during the latest flood situation (16 Oct 22) Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation The report continues to contain flooding in 28 provinces, with the PA and related agencies coordinating to help victims and urgently resolve the disaster situation. As a result, there is still a flash flood situation. Total 28 provinces, 148 districts, 931 subdistricts, 5,824 villages. 365,888 households were affected. In the northeast and some central provinces, water levels are likely to rise. It has coordinated with the province to continue to provide assistance to the victims and mobilize to expedite the drainage of water in full force. Currently, there is still flooding in 28 provinces, including Tak, Phichit, Nakhon Sawan, Khon Kaen, Maha Sarakham, Kalasin, Roi Et, Yasothon, Nakhon Ratchasima, Buriram, Surin, Sisaket, Ubon Ratchathani, Nong Bua Lamphu, Uthai Thani, Chainat, Sing Buri, Ang Thong, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. In addition, due to the influence of the monsoon trough across the central south, the south has continuous rains and heavy to very heavy rains in some places. Flooding and flooding in 2 southern provinces, namely Phang Nga (Takua Pa District) and Phuket 3 districts (Thalang, Mueang Phuket and Kathu districts), totaling 10 subdistricts and 15 villages. Currently (16 Oct 22) the water level has decreased. Local officials from relevant agencies have been deployed to assist affected people and installed pumps to continuously drain water from flooded areas and facilitate traffic with people using flooded routes. "The Prime Minister has been closely monitoring and supervising all departments at all times and urged all relevant agencies to work together to provide full assistance to people affected by the flood situation in all areas, including taking the best care of people who have been evacuated from their homes, especially children, the elderly, bedridden and vulnerable groups who need special assistance. In addition, government officials are urged to expedite surveys and assess damage in the area after the flood situation has resolved in order to help heal the people in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Finance. Urgently. If people need help from the current situation, they can call 191 and 1599 or call the safety hotline at 1784. All parties will do their best to help the people."
For Thailand, Lan is the only party that can actually solve drugs.|Pheu Thai Party deputy secretary-general Linthiporn Warinawatroj said on Monday (Oct 17) that the Pheu Thai Party is the only party to tackle the drug epidemic. That was mentioned by the Deputy Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand. Based on the war on drugs policy when it was the Thai Rak Thai Party. Under the leadership of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who served from 2001 to 2006, deputy secretary-general of the Pheu Thai Party, he said that raising the policy again would help the youth not lose their futures. After the 2006 coup, the intensity of such policies decreased considerably. It's been a lost decade for the country, Ms. Lintiporn said. The Pheu Thai Party has tried to reflect on this problem for the government and explained from the beginning to the solution to the problem, but the government's response has not been timely. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha was ineffective and inaccurate, leading to several tragic incidents, including a shooting in Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province. Several weeks ago, the Deputy Secretary-General of the Pheu Thai Party raised the statistics of arrests for drug cases between 2015 and 2021. Gen Prayuth added that the drug epidemic is getting worse as follows:
Sino-Thai insists there is no cheating to build parliament.|Mr. Pakpoom Srichamni The Managing Director of Sino-Thai Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited said on Monday (Oct 17) that there was no corruption in the project. Everything is contractually correct. The materials used are of high quality. The way it works has been verified by the engineering department. Control Department The project advisory department is done." The statement came after Mr. Watchara. Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Democrats told the media that the construction of parliament was likely to be corrupt. Mr Proud said some critics did not know the details of the project and used it to cause damage. I didn't sit down to read the contract. Not all of them come to view. I don't look at specification, I just say it with my personal understanding, maybe it doesn't match the reality in all respects. Especially in the public media, it can be misleading to the media or the general public.""Nowadays, everyone talks about parliament, it is guided by people who don't know, but people who want to have... What's that... I'm trying to convey this message so that I can be socially conscious, recognizable, socially known, but what you're doing may have an impact on many individuals. People, whether it's the company itself, or whether it's congressional bureaucrats. Whether it's a supervisory company. Consulting firms," said Mr. Suttipol Patcharanarumon, construction director of the parliamentary project. Explaining the 4 issues that are questionable, the construction director of this parliamentary project said that the parliament had a real water leakage problem in the basement B2 (B2), but the company was not calm and several parties came to explore to find a solution and found that the floor was about 10 meters below the water. Mr. Suttipol revealed that the excavation for laying underground power lines is in accordance with the standards, except for some points that are not low enough to dig. To the issue of trees being planted and dying, the company planted trees in accordance with all contractual requirements. It's just that the trees that are planted are It is defined as a large tree, making the tree planted an old tree. Therefore, casualties can also occur. Landscape architects have determined the tree species to match the concept of the parliamentary construction project. It may not be compatible with the surrounding climate, which is another cause of such deaths." His intent was that he chose the tree type to match the concept of his design: how this Parliament was set up. He picked a tree, and the wood he chose was a big one, not a small one, a big one, and it was old." Mr. Suttipol said, "But as I learned at the beginning, the design concept of the designer chose wood. Some woods are not suitable for the climate in Bangkok or especially those in the central courts, where other factors are involved, such as the unequal amount of sunlight. Sunny morning, sunny afternoon There are consequences." Mr. Suttipol admitted that the tremors or impacts from the company's construction affected the death of the trees, but only a small part of the effect and that this could happen, making the company responsible for replacing all the trees. Mr. Watchara, a former Democrat MP, said that the use of stones with colors that do not meet the requirements, stating that only orange stones must be used at the specified size. But the designer insisted that the stone had to be used to match the design concept, Mr. Suttipol said. Therefore, we consulted with the project controller and the designer again until we came to the agreed conclusion and allowed the use of stones of different sizes and different colors." We discovered that the stone was discontinued, as if it wasn't produced, and we presented it to the hiring committee at the time. The designer at the time said he wanted to change to another stone, but the designer insisted that he wanted to. To want We insisted that the stone wasn't enough, so that's why we said the front side was orange. The military side of the road is gray. It was true, but it wasn't done arbitrarily. Everything is done with the approval of the designer. And the size of the stone is smaller," Mr. Pakphum, managing director of Sino-Thai, said that if anyone has any doubts about the project, they can make inquiries to the parliamentary secretary, or if there is evidence of corruption, they should file a complaint with the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) instead of criticizing the media without knowing all the facts after the statement. Mr. Suttipol confirmed that the company has receipts for the purchase and delivery of all the timber, and has already tested it with the Forest Department, and the size of some boards less than 3 meters long, Mr. Suttipol said that the requirement to exempt wood less than 3 meters in size when the layout is not beautiful. Mr. Suttipol confirmed that he was confident that the inspection of the company would pass. Because the company meets all the contractual requirements, it admits to being a little overwhelmed by the criticisms that have come out, which may put pressure on them.
Whew! Former Prime Minister Thaksin appears "far from home", a popular YouTube show touring Dubai|Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra appeared on Farose's far-away show, which was first published on Monday (Oct. 17). Malian scent This has resulted in the hashtag #ไกลบ้าน being talked about a lot among Twitter users in Thailand. Shortly after the program was published, the former prime minister took Faros to see several locations in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, including The Mall of Emirates and the residence of former Prime Minister Thaksin, who fled to Dubai after the 2006 coup led by Gen. Sonthi Boonrattanaklin, who coined the phrase "deadly, I can't speak." 
Santhana resigns as member for Thailand, dreads party joining dictatorship|Santhana Prayurarat resigned from the Pro-Thai Party for Life on Monday (Oct 17). "As referred to, I have been a member of the Pheu Thai Party since November 23, 2018, because I know and see that in the future the party may be more likely to join politics with authoritarian political parties. This is contradicted by the ideology of the intention to apply for a lifetime party membership in the first place. Therefore, I would like to resign from my membership of the Party for Thailand from October 17, 2022."
"Ahh Getting punched in the face While he was about to sing, the police took offense to "Nose Udom".|Reporters reported that at 10 a.m. today (18 p.m. Oct) at the Central Bureau of Investigation Police Call Center. Phaholyothin Road, Bangkok Mr. Srisuwan Jaraya, Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Association Come and meet The Police Commissioner filed a petition to investigate Nose Udom Taepanich, speaking in the show, alone 13 issues in support. The mob acted on our behalf. Computer Crime Act? However, during mr. Srisuwan's interview with the media, A man entered the middle of the interview and punched Mr. Srisuwan in the face, causing a protest to take place in front of the Police Department. Mr. Srivasuwan immediately rushed inside the Police Department, and the perpetrators declared themselves to be Mr. Weerawit Roongruangsiriphol, a 53-year-old protester and former Red Shirt protester who had been slapped in the face. Mr. Seksakol Atthawong or Rambo Isan has arrived.
Get to know "Weerawit Roongruangsiriphol" The red-shirted uncle who punched "Srisuwan" in the face had slapped "Rambo" before.|In the case of a man punching Mr. Srisuwan in the face Jaraya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Association, in the middle of the interview. While attending, the Police Inspector Noos. Udom Taepanich speaks in solo performance 13 issues supporting the mob acting on our behalf, that it is guilty. Computer Crime Act? However, the reporter reported that for Mr. Weerawit Roongruangsiriphol, the perpetrator was known as Uncle Sak, 62, a designer and former red-shirt protester and a protester of the People's Party, said after punching Mr. Srisuwan that if he were to prosecute him, he would be ready because he had several arrest warrants and had already slapped Mr. Seksakol Atthawong or Rambo Isan. The Emergency Decree for the incident slapped Rambo's head. Back on October 19, 2021, Mr. Weerawit attended a rally at Government House with a group of workers who were in the heat of the closed lingerie factory. Minister of Labour and Mr. Seksakorn Atthawong The Deputy Minister to the Prime Minister invited the leaders to join the talks. Mr. Weerawit, who was waiting at the bottom of the building, told the protesters, "Wait and see, if you see Rambo, you will slap him because it will discredit the people of Isaan from his behavior as a red-shirted repentant." Mr. Weerawit called Mr. Seksakol and slapped him on the head 4 times before Mr. Seksakol punched him in the chest once.  
Chonnan Lan has not spoken to Thammasat. After the news was confirmed, he returned to Thailand.|Mr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai party leader Pornchai Insuk said on Tuesday (Oct 18) that he would not be allowed to speak to the House of Representatives (MP). Phichit District 1, The Thai Economic Party confirmed that he and Mr. Thammasat PhromPao, the former leader of the party, will move to the Pheu Thai Party, with the only step left to gather documents that initially he was aware of, which is not known whether it is the resolution of the Thai Economic Party or not. Meanwhile, over the past week, He heard an interview with Pai Likk, a former general secretary of the Thai Economic Party, on one of the programmes, saying that the party had not decided which party to join, while Pornchai claimed that he had spoken to adults within the Pheu Thai Party and had made it clear about his candidacy in the area. Mr. Chol Nan He said there are many levels of party committees, will there be any real discussions? He cannot confirm because he does not know yet, but in summary, it is not official, the conditions for accepting any person in, there are clear criteria that the goal is to landslide. If incoming members can make the party's goals a reality, it will be a matter of great consideration. The committees involved would have to consider it thoroughly because the party prioritizes the voice of the people. He reiterated that it must be carefully considered and the party's procedures must be followed. Mr. Cholnan also welcomed Mr. Sirawit Serithiwat or Sergeant New. A political activist who joined the Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Sirawit, said he wanted to be a part of the party's slide. If given the opportunity, he would like to help with public policy, including being an election team.
Dharmanus Denying the news of the move to Thailand - not disbanding the party, only the press guessed.|captain Thammasat Brahmaputra, Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Phayao District 1 The Thai Economic Party posted on Facebook on Tuesday (Oct 18) denying the news that he would be joining the Party for Thai Mps in Phayao province. This one. He said the news came from Mr. Pornchai Insuk, mp for Phichit province of the Thai Economic Party, who sat down to talk about his political future only to close reporters. It's not an interview, it's a sit-down conversation with an intimate reporter. Tell us about your political future." R.A. Thammasat Post R.A. Thamnus He also said the Pheu Thai Party had launched its candidates. Therefore, it is impossible to move to the Pheu Thai Party and compete in the same area to overlap"How can Pornchai go to the Pheu Thai Party because it overlaps with the people of the Pheu Thai Party that has already been launched?" There was no dissolution of the party. As for his resignation from the party leadership, there is someone to replace him. He said the party's political future has not yet been decided because there is still time left, but the party has never indicated where it will go. It's just media speculation.
"Seripisut" tells "Srisuwan" just to be preached, if called "violence", he must be hit with a knife, stick, gun.|Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiyves The leader of the Ruam Thai Liberal Party said that Mr. Srisuwan Charaya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization, was punched in the face when he filed a petition to review the performance. 13 The government has alluded to this, stating that this was caused by Mr. Srisuwan complaining to others in various cases. I want to be prominent, I want to be famous, I want to be news, but if I go into detail from Mr. Srisuwan's various cases, it is found that there is a call for benefits, that all the money has never been entered into the association even once." He used to say that he was going to file a lawsuit. This case has all the money and he thinks that the filing is a case, it is not a case, it has to be investigated by the police. There is evidence, the prosecution does not prosecute. "It's not wrong for Mr. Srisuwan to file a complaint. There is no problem, but if you file a mistake, file a false complaint, you will be prosecuted, some people may not think about it, but some people think and want to preach, so there may be a fight incident. Take a gun, take things and lure people, the standards are not the same. This one. You're wrong, you're right." He further stated that he had instructed Mr. Srisuwan to use the law, criminal and civil prosecutions, and proposed the dissolution of the association to stop the filing of complaints against Mr. Srisuwan. But others may have stopped Mr. Srisuwan differently from himself when asked about the progress of mr. Srisuwan's filing for dissolution. Police Chief Seripisut said the matter was pending at the Department of Government. Ministry of Interior He saw that he was the one who filed the collapse himself, so he didn't want to interfere with the work. If it's someone else filing He may be invited to inquire in the Commissioner as to what caused the delay: "What was not known until the Director-General of the Department of Government was changed? The truth is not difficult to verify. If you really work," the part where the online world likes that Mr. Srisuwan was punched. Pol. Gen. Seripisut "As a society, we have to listen to the majority in a democracy." The person who is supposed to give the punch is in the house. If he punches that person."
Police raids "Uncle Sak", the man punching "Srisuwan" according to the arrest warrant in the case of "Rambo"|Police raids "Uncle Sak" hand slapped "Srisuwan" according to the arrest warrant in the case of "Rambo" probation division. Red shirts cheered on Oct. 19, reporters reported. Bring an arrest warrant in an old case. Mr. Weerawit Roongruangsiriphol or Lungsak, the person who punched Mr. Srisuwan in the face. Charaya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Association, while giving an interview to the media at the Suppression Division. Yesterday, the police raided while preparing to go on a famous TV show using an old arrest warrant in 2021 in the case of slapping Rambo Isan, which the court has not withdrawn the arrest warrant.
Mr. M.D. revealed that "Sri Suwan" Singing continues to affect careers and families, more severe than punching in the face.|Mr. Sattharam Thambusadi, Lecturer at Interdisciplinary College Thammasat University (THAM) posted a post on Facebook about the case of Mr. Srisuwan. Charaya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association, was arrested by Mr. Weerawit Rungruangsiriphol, 62, a red-shirted feudal group against dictatorship. He punched him in the face while on his way to sing Nose. Udom Taepanich with the following details: "As someone who has been sued by Sri Suwan continuously, affecting his life and career, no one followed up that after Sri Suwan filed the lawsuit. How is this false true? Many of the people who didn't follow me didn't know, because only this news came down, I was rejected by the funding source. Special lectures were cancelled, etc., and the family members were anxious to answer the phone call. From the ongoing prosecution that chose the baseless high penalty case to make the news. I'm honest, what Srisuwan is. It was an invisible violence, but often it killed people alive, like the panzer radio of October 6, like the political opinions of Tamyanti and many other right-wingers. They may never have killed an ant, but their opinion led to a lot of hatred, I was angry and hated him a lot. We never knew each other. My careers are irrelevant, and I'm not a political authority, but I've been tied to each other since the beginning of the year when I heard about him. So I decided to forgive him for the sake of having a newly born child and one day he would understand how important it was to have an equal society and the welfare state that I was demanding. that people will live equally. I realized that saying forgave him. I said it too. Because I have a pen, I have a mic, there's space where I can amplify my opinion to argue and make him the next clown. The oppression of people is not equal. I take the morality that I believe in and say that each person cannot shrug their shoulders with Sri Suwan either, so it is convenient for each person to take lessons or reform the definition of peace. To emphasize political correctness, we also talk about the types of violence that we cannot see. Do it together."
Oak Phanthong is the most delightful. The wife gives birth to twins, a man and a woman. Obviously, don't count the wedding days!|Congratulations to Dad. Oak Phanthong After announcing the good news The beautiful wife gave birth to twins yesterday (October 18) Phanthongsorn Shinawatra or Oak, the son of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, posted a picture on Instagram announcing the good news that his beautiful wife Natthiya Puangkham or Tik, the executive of S.C. Park Hotel, has given birth to twins. Tik and I intend to have twins together since we haven't gotten married yet, so don't secretly count the wedding dates, it's not until 9 months 5555. It's the perfect family, just waiting for the day when grandfathers and grandparents come back as role models & encouragement for grandchildren." Black ant Tancharoen, as well as netizens, came to congratulate his father in large numbers for Oak Phanthongsorn Shinawatra, who wielded his girlfriend's arm. Miss NATTHIYA PUANGKHAM S.C. Park hotel executives attended a simple wedding ceremony at Mr. Panthong's residence in Khan Na Yao district, Bangkok, with Father Thaksin on a video call to ask for the bride.
"Prawit" has not talked to "Mom Uy" to join the economic team. Brush off the clock knot.|"Prawit" has not talked to "Mom Uy" to join the economic team. Brush off the clock knot. Commanding officer snatched guns and narcotics from Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharat Party, mentioned the case proposed by Government Whip Chief Niroth Suntorn. Preediyathorn Devakul, who heads the Pracharat Party's economic team, said he had not spoken to The Preediyathorn Royal Family and did not know whether he would come, but admitted that he was already good and should not have problems. Although The Royal Family of Preediyathorn gave information to the P.P.C. that Mr. Patawat Suksriwong Gen. Prawit's friends do not have a luxury watch heritage. How do you know because it is Mr. Patawat's inheritance and not in the inheritance account? There are also no certificates, which are a matter of inheritance to the children. Therefore, lending is not a problem by the trustee. There is no need to know everything, and he asked to reiterate the relationship between Gen. Prawit and The Royal Family of Pridiyathorn. Is there a problem? Prawit said, "No." Gen. Prawit also mentioned that a group of drug traffickers robbed both drugs and guns of the officers at Rattaphum district, Songkhla province, saying that they have now been caught. There are government officials. Get involved? Prawit said all actions would be expedited. Gen Prawit reaffirmed his confidence in the people and will make the case transparent and can make arrests every time. Wherever drugs are ordered, including expanding the prevention and prevention of people to be safe, because drugs are important for the government.
For Thailand, the government has responded to the flood relief "inadequately and incorrectly".|For Thailand, the "Prayuth" government has "not enough, not enough, not principled", less compensated than the "Yingluck" era, rolled out 4% interest on loans, aggravating farmers Mr. Chanin Rungthanakiat. Deputy Spokesperson for the Party for Thailand and Member of the House of Representatives of Surin Province It discusses the government's relief efforts for those affected by the flood disaster under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and Defence Minister said that the government's relief efforts for flood victims were "not timely, inadequate and not principled" because so far many areas that have been hit by heavy flooding have not been designated as disaster zones. Relief money for affected farmers is minimal and inadequate. Only 1,340 baht per rai. While the floods in 2011 killed former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's government, he paid 2,222 baht per rai. The flood relief fund has fallen by 40% from the past, disproportionate to the damage that people have suffered and the cost of living has changed. The bank has a limit of 100,000 baht per transaction. The interest rate of 4%, which is even higher than the current general mortgage lending, makes one wonder if the government is taking over the work to help the people or creating more burden on the people. They should consider easing the burden by suspending the debts of affected farmers, or if they have to borrow, they should receive ultra-low interest rates or interest-free for a certain period of time in order to speed up the people's recovery. It is not a long-term burden, aggravating the problem of insolvency that has been caused. This government, if it is still willing to work. Let's learn from the measures taken by Prime Minister Yingluck that hastened to come out with remedies and compensation for income quickly and comprehensively. Today, people suffer enough from flooding caused by mismanagement. Some areas are completely dry, others are flooded for months. The current year's budget is no less. Don't repeatedly fail to hurt the people more. 
"Thai Phakdi" hijacks time to cut off communication channels "Thaksin" points to prisoner escaping case|Thai Phakdee hijacks time to cut off "Thaksin" communication channels Prisoners fleeing cases that have caused hundreds of billions of baht in damage to Thailand's Thai Phakdee Party Facebook page Has published the message of Mr. Thapapol Promket Thai Phakdi Party deputy spokesman Thaksin, who lamented that "Single Mom" must stay abroad. It is stated that it must be reiterated that Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra is a prisoner who escaped a corruption case that caused hundreds of billions of baht in damage to Thailand. And all Thai people, since the wrong people cheated to escape prison to enjoy happiness abroad, let the servants like Mr. Boonsong Teriyapirom take karma instead, but the more important issue is to let the prisoners escape the prison for cheating in the city of other nationalities. "Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra" has communication channels to create fake news to distort and incite interference in Thailand's politics over the years. So as not to pose a serious threat to national security, which creates divisive conflicts. Political turmoil, even riots, burning houses, burning down cities, as has happened in recent years.
One day, I dreamed of dying. Shout out to the crowd, "Don't forget to buy my age."|Win this lottery 1/11/65 "Day to live" reveals a strange dream. 1/11/65 After october 22, the Facebook fan page of Wan Yubumrung, mp of Bangkok, the Party for Thailand, has posted a message telling about a strange dream by Wan Yubumrung. "Last night I dreamed of dying, before I died, shouting to everyone who came to see me that I shouldn't forget to buy my age of 75, even though I was actually 48." There have been a lot of netizens commenting and asking for the number in this installment on November 1, 2022, which the lucky number that fans bought is 75 48 048 075. Today (Oct. 22), Wan Yubumrung posted a clip on the TikTok application called @wan_ubumrung as he stood to buy a lottery ticket. On November 1, 2022, in front of a government lottery stall with the caption "We will be rich", before Wan Yubumrung showed a big lottery, which paid more than 6,000 baht, and said, "The 1st prize is here, stay with me." 
"Anutin" flew quickly to encourage "Tono" to swim across the Mekong, expected to return to the Thai side this evening.|At 3:30 p.m. on October 22, 2022, Mr. Supachai Phosu Krukaew, Nakhon Phanom District 1, Bhumjaithai Party Second Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives He said: "Today's atmosphere is very positive. Swimming across the Mekong is very active and is considered a good activity for society, helping Nakhon Phanom Hospital as well as Khammoon Subdistrict Hospital, Lao PDR is considered the latest celebrity artist by Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, leader of the Bhumjaithai Party, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health. After swimming to meet the people of Kham Muan Province, Lao PDR who are ready to swim back to nakhon phanom city this evening.
Prime Minister praises "Tono" for fulfilling its mission to swim across the Mekong, raising donations|The Prime Minister welcomed and appreciated "Tono" for doing good deeds for the society. The Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs performs the duties of a spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Show appreciation Mr. Pakin Khamvilaisak or Tono And pleased to be able to fulfill the mission of swimming across the Mekong. Raising money to purchase medical equipment for Nakhon Phanom Hospital and Khammoon Subdistrict Hospital, Lao PDR under the name "One Man And The River" Congratulations and appreciation for helping to do good deeds for society, sacrifice, patience, training with strength and with a determined mind until they can fulfill their mission as intended."
The senator will wear only one pair of pants and swim back and forth to the king. Raise money to help flood victims|I'm going to wear a pair of swimming underwear and swim back and forth. Raise money to help flood victims from the success of Tono Pakin Khamvilaisak in the One Man and The River project, one swimmer to ask for donations to help Nakhon Phanom Hospital and Khammoon Subdistrict Hospital, whose latest donation amount is close to 70 million. List MP and leader of The Thai Sriwilai Party Facebook Posts Announced that they were preparing to swim across the Chao Phraya River. With naked swimming underwear, round trip on November 8, 2022, Loy Krathong Day, to raise money to help people in all provinces affected by floods. He stated: "ONE MAN ON CHAOPHRAYA RIVER, I, AS AN MP, is a representative of the Thai people. Millions of people suffered. Starvation - Water starvation - Trouble everything He couldn't move anymore, so I decided to swim across the Chao Phraya River. Bangkok with heart, with naked, single swimming underwear, round trip on November 8, 2022, Loy Krathong Day, to raise money to help people in all provinces affected by floods. All proceeds are given. The government-governor went to buy rice, water, and other necessities for the people to be trapped for a long time. I and the Thai Sriwilai Party cannot donate ourselves. For legal assurance, on October 25, 2022, at 10:00 a.m., I will go and file a letter. The MINISTRY asked if he could do it to ask for permission to be legally required by the law", "Let's continue to follow up on whether the MP will be able to swim to raise money to help the people as intended. 
Watch the video of the minute "K Hundred Million" Lockkot Thanathorn was at the book fair, but he didn't claim to have hit him.|Watch the video of the minute "K Hundred Million" Lokko Thanathorn shouted at Gumi in the middle of the book fair, but claimed that he had not been arrested by the officers of Lumpini Metropolitan Police Station (Police) Detained. Mr. Kanespisanuthep Chakraborty Mahadecha or K Hundred Million After causing chaos at the 27th National Book Fair, Queen Sirikit National Convention Center At 4:00 p.m., officers responded to the scene. Lumpini Police have informed the accused of causing fear or shock to others by threatening, punishable by imprisonment for not more than 1 month or a fine not exceeding 10,000 baht or both. Kanespisanuthep said that at the time of the incident, he intended to warn Thanathorn Sorungruangkit, who was in the area, but did not hit Thanathorn in any way. He was later attacked by Gard, as seen in the clip, while Thanathorn told the media that it was around 4 p.m. today while he was meeting with supporters. Today, he handed out autographs at a book fair at the Queen Sirikit Center, feeling that someone had locked his neck, and everything happened very quickly. When I was locked in my neck, I tried to breathe. At the same time, someone in the book booth tried to break it out. When the separation was completed, people tried to catch Mr. K Hundred Million to the ground and called the authorities. Mr. Thanathorn continued that the problem was that when Mr. K. Hundred Million came to lock his neck, there was a loud shout of "I have a bomb", causing confusion among those who were at National Book Week. Don't forget that there has been a recent incident in Nong Bua Lamphu. Therefore, someone will plant a bomb. Word of mouth Because standing at the booth but listening to the organizers caused by people who are in chaos And gradually ran to find a way out. Mr. Thanathorn insisted that he would prosecute because Mr. Kanespisanuthep was considered a dangerous person while those who were present at the incident captured footage of the incident. As Mr. Thanathorn was about to hand out autographs to supporters with a smiling expression, someone suddenly jumped in and locked his neck. 
"Thaksin" Apologies to the Muslim Brotherhood for the 18th anniversary of Tak Bai Ask "Pravit". How to take responsibility?|Yesterday (Oct. 25), former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, also known as Tony Woodsom, spoke on thaksin Shinawatra Theory and Thought on the 45th CareTalk x Care ClubHouse. It marked the 18th anniversary of the protests in Tak Bai district, Narathiwat province, where many people died. Once again, he offered his condolences to those who lost their lives 18 years ago, during Ramadan. He was playing golf and was reported to have been surrounded by police for a long time. In the end, officers used water to spray the dead, after which the protesters were dispersed and arrested. He knew it was being caught, but he didn't know where it was. No one came to report, but it was later learned that the death had occurred and that the accused had been transported to a compound where they could have suffocated. He didn't know he was doing it, and then was hated by the Muslims there. They later learned that it was the actions of the soldiers that the party did not take for granted. He didn't know who commanded what. I only knew that there was going to be a raid on the community, but after that I didn't know. However, despite not giving orders, the prime minister apologized to his Muslim brotherhood, making a serious mistake with the accused. Referring to the BRN's statement on genocide, he said: "There is no race issue. It was a mistake to transport the accused into the barracks that was against all the principles. The Prime Minister himself could not give that order, and he viewed the BRN who came to make the statement as a handsome talk. These guys have already met Thaksin. He also said that it was about healing the victims. He asked. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister today. At the time, it was the Commissioner of Police who was going to make up for it because it was his job. Now he's nothing. The day was damaged, it was in the hands of the soldiers, and the people who spoke to him when he met in Germany, which was the Peace of Malaysia, he knew that there were people ready to overthrow him. If you're still using the military, it's useless. The general didn't see him sleeping and eating with the villagers. I went to sleep in the barracks. He's not afraid," Thaksin said.
"Seripisut" receives the consumer council "True-dtac" merger|Sari Ongsomwang Secretary-General, Consumer Organization Council The letter was submitted to Pol. Gen. Seripisut Temeiwes, the leader of the Ruam Thai Liberal Party. As Chairman of the KMT Anti-Corruption Commission (NCPO) The House of Representatives to request an investigation into the omission of duty or wrongful performance of duties of the Broadcasting Commission. National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) 3 members and Acting Secretary-General of the NBTC In the case of the agenda for considering the business combination between True-dtac when considering the provisions of the law, the Council found that the business combination in this case was a holding of business in the same type of service according to Article 4 of the Notification of the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC). Measures to prevent monopolistic acts or unfair competition in telecommunications In 2016, the Council considered that the performance of the duties of the Directors NBTC Who are government officials under the Constitution Act (Act). The Prevention and Suppression of Corruption Act 1998, as well as the resolution process, may not be in favor of the resolution. Spectrum Allocation and Assembly Governance Organization Act Radio Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications Act 2010 Section 27 (1) of the Telecommunications Act 2011 and announcements NTC on measures to prevent monopolistic acts For the following reasons:1. Voting of the NBTC Meeting That is, the result of the resolution 3.2.1. of the five directors was due to the vote of the Chairman. NBTC Such action may be contrary to Article 41 (2) of the Meeting Regulations, which stipulates that in the case of this decision, a special resolution must be obtained. i.e., received, in which case, the number of directors approved by not less than half of the total number of directors of five. There are 2.2.1 resolutions, which can be seen as 2 acknowledgement resolutions, 2 abstentions, and 1 abstention, with the maximum number of resolutions less than half of the total number of directors as specified. Therefore, the chairman's need to have one more vote as a decisive vote and require the meeting to acknowledge and impose specific conditions or measures is not in accordance with the law.2. In Case No. 775/2565 of the Central Administrative Court, the NBTC (the accused) has admitted to the Court that it can exercise its statutory powers to prohibit business consolidation with or disallowing the holding of businesses of the same type, including an order to act or refrain from acting, which may be monopolizing or reducing or limiting competition. It is not just a resolution to acknowledge and impose specific conditions or measures.3. Hiring Finansa Securities Co., Ltd., an advisor with an interest in a company seeking to merge. This causes conflicts of interest and lack of independence in the relevant operations. Despite being widely challenged4. Directors' Resolutions NBTC This resulted in a monopoly of the two principals (Duopoly) with a lack of comprehensive procedures and procedures, such as the lack of consideration of the final set of foreign studies commissioned. It does not give importance to the consideration of the reports of the 4 self-appointed subcommittees that do not support the NBTC. Allowing mergers Do not give priority to hearing opinions on remedies if a merger is permitted. As a result, approved measures do not benefit consumer protection and cannot actually create competition. Finally, the burden on consumers to pay for expensive services is up to 244.5 percent. This caused a recession in the development of the digital economy. The poor or vulnerable groups do not have access to services or are left behind. He said he felt sympathy for the people who would have to take advantage of this. The public is at a disadvantage. If the directors can merge, they don't know if there is any benefit. If not, there is no hurry, you should wait for the legal directors to be completed before they start working." Happy to work for you."
The secretary invited Thai Wang to only 1 southern MP because the former used discriminatory policies.|Mr. Somboon Uthaiwiangkul Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Trang Democrat and Secretary to the Speaker of the House of Representatives Referring to the case of Mr. Chonnan Srikaew In the next election, the South has a total of 58 MPs, some of which are targeting 35-40, some parties are 20-30, or some parties are aiming for 10-20. In the days of the government, how painful it was for the people of the South, including the policy of discrimination. If we don't choose, we'll wait. There is an unfair budget allocation, for example, Petchkasem Road. The Asian road to the south, which has always been developed, especially during the Chuan Leekpai government, which expanded to 4 lanes, but came to the time of the Thai Rak Thai government and for Thailand, was not fair, which allocated less budget to repair the road than all sectors, causing this road to be the worst condition ever. The MP said: The story that southern people are very upset about is the dissolution of the protests at Tak Bai Kruse, because if the southerners choose the Party for Thailand to go further, there will be another incident of violence. If you kill, you may be in pain again. Because the past will examine the present, and the future is expected to be like that, it is believed that if the Pheu Thai Party wants to get it, it will be able to do so. MPs, the leader of the Pheu Thai Party, must ensure that they do not adopt a policy of discrimination against fairness, otherwise a single MP will not.
Sing Buri Livestock "Anesthesia of dogs" cleared the area to get the prime minister safe first.|Sing Buri Livestock The drama "anesthesia of dogs" cleared the area to receive the Prime Minister to the area for the safety of both the participants and the dogs themselves. On Monday, On social media, images of dogs identified as being shot were shared to avoid problems during the prime minister's visit, causing a lot of criticism. Sing Buri Livestock Admitting that there is anesthesia on the dog by injecting anesthesia, not shooting, that is, using the method of anesthesia and then injecting anesthesia, not much, only about 12 dogs, which are in the area of Wat Pikulthong, where the Prime Minister went to the area because he was afraid that he would bite those who attended the event. It was not ordered by anyone, Ms. Nattanan Tuamsuwan. Veterinary Specialist Sing Buri Provincial Livestock Office said the dogs that escaped the water were on the road, which is where the Prime Minister will visit. Many are stressed, some are out on the street. It is ferocious because of the small cubs, so it is necessary to organize by anesthesia. The dog will be anesthetized for about 1-2 hours and will recover to normal, said Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society. The owner of Sing Buri province, who landed with the prime minister, said he was unaware of the dog's doping. Just found out from social media as well. Understand that it is a matter for the local authorities to deal with each other. 
Mongkolkit Walk by the pool - show off your unforgettable figures! While practicing swimming to help flood victims.|Mrs. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon Member of the House of Representatives (MP) and leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party Posted on Wednesday (Oct. 26) during a swimming training session preparing to swim in the Chao Phraya River in a fundraiser to help flood victims, the photo shows Mr Mongkolkit walking by the pool in a swimsuit and wearing waterproof goggles on his head. After about 10 hours of posting, it was liked more than 9,000 times and shared nearly 400 hundred times. While some praised him for being in good shape and should invite other politicians to swim with him, Mr Mongkolkit said earlier that the fundraising swim would be held on November 8.
Thai Build Thailand  Dreaded foreign land ownership Impact on the real estate market|Mr. Suphan Mongkolsuthee, Deputy Party Leader and Chairman of the Economic Committee of the Thai Sang Thai Party, addressed the Cabinet meeting on October 25 in case the meeting resolved to adopt the draft ministerial regulations on land acquisition for use as housing for foreigners in accordance with the economic stimulus and investment measures by attracting high-potential foreigners to Thailand. Not less than 40 million baht, Mr. Suphan commented on the resolution. He said he agreed to allow high-potential investors with high investments. He was able to own 1 rai of land because it was in line with what he had proposed months ago because it was considered an opportunity to unlock the economy for the people of the nation. In order not to affect the real estate market in Thailand, the deputy leader of the Thai Build Thai Party said that investors should not invest money and get the right to hold because sometimes investors just may deposit money or invest in the stock exchange and receive interest or dividends, but must change to bring that 40 million baht directly to buy land and buildings because it will cause money to flow into the system immediately if there are 10,000 foreigners to buy, the country will receive more than 400,000 million baht immediately. Mr. Suphan said that if this proposal is to be continued, what needs to be thought about is how to make the country have as much income as possible in circulation. The first priority is to emphasize that this holding is to be used for the sole purpose of living. The next thing is that it should be land with new buildings, such as houses in housing estates or vacant land with plans to build new houses at a total price of not less than 40 million baht. Another measure to draw money directly into the state is to charge foreigners transfer fees more than Thais, from 2% to 4% foreigners, and collect land and building taxes. At a higher rate than Thais as well. To draw money directly into the state in another way.
"Going the distance" to encourage foreigners to buy and own land in Thailand|Going forward to allow foreigners to buy land, pointing out that it may not be worth it, not stimulating the economy. Noted as a benefit in return? Chinese investors donated money to Pracharath Power, Deputy Secretary-General Natcha Boonchaiinsawat. The party went further. Disclosure of the case of the Cabinet approving the draft rules of the Ministry of Interior Unlocking foreigners to be able to buy a house and own land not exceeding 1 rai, redeeming a minimum investment of 40 million baht in Thailand, that private individuals do not agree with such matters because there are no clear measures to sell to a group of businessmen who come to invest. The number of personnel is employed. How much does the Thai population get employed by that business if there are no clear details? It is not called economic stimulus, it will raise the benefits for foreign investors. It is believed that most of the investors who buy land in Thailand are Chinese who invest in Thailand, and it will be easier without having to change nationality to buy at all. He said that it was clear that in support of the Pracharat Party, there were Chinese businessmen donating cash. As for the exchange, there is no clear evidence. But of course, no one will ever walk around with cash. Therefore, many government measures. The Pracharat Party, which is the mainstay of the government now that it has been formed, is mostly conducive to capital groups, especially in recent times, it is conducive to foreign capital groups because the capital groups in the same country manage the country without domestic business stagnation. Many Thai businessmen had to close their businesses due to economic conditions. Therefore, the government is now turning its head to foreign investors or even to the unforgettable support of investors, whether the money coming in is dirty money or not. There is no financial audit, but only money to be brought in because there is no way to manage the country's economic recovery or to improve the economy after COVID-19.
"Chol Nan" reiterates for Thailand not to free marijuana But the liquor underpinning is progressive.|"Chol Nan" reiterates for Thailand not to use marijuana freely for the sake of recreation, supporting only medical Disagreeing with rumors to overturn the Progressive Liquor Act, Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives and the Leader of the Pheu Thai Party said the Cannabis Hemp Bill will be prepared for consideration in the House of Representatives. Opposed to free marijuana for recreational purposes, there is an expectation that this law must be a law regulating the use of "free marijuana" like legislators who want medical use. Even unwritten, but very lax. There are no measures to control the term "free cannabis" and open the door to the widespread use of marijuana, which is the position of the Pheu Thai Party. If it cannot be solved, it must take into account the nation and its people. Health dimensions, including violent drugs, are affirmative. The party will try to propose as many amendments as possible in the House. But if the majority is still pushing, the party must have a resolution to disagree with the progressive liquor bill, which the government signaled to overturn the draft. Open the channel to produce community liquor and allow producers to register for more diversity. In principle, The Party for Thailand has always done so since the Thai Rak Thai era. In pushing for community liquor, but it was unsuccessful in that era. The Pheu Thai Party agreed in principle with the draft and fully supported it and did not agree to overturn it because it wanted to open up opportunities and livelihoods for the people.
"Surachet" argued that the 68,000 million orange line difference is real.|"Surachet" to R.F.M. yanked the difference of 68,000 million orange lines is real. Money goes into the pockets of those who don't know, but it damages the country. Preparing a draft petition to submit to the Administrative Court, Mr. Surachet Praveenwongwut, a member of the far-right party list, said that the MRT clarified that the bid for the Orange Line was "transparent and verifiable" and that the difference of 68,000 million baht was not real. If the RFM is "transparent and verifiable", it is true. Why not answer questions before the Subcommittee on Education, Preparation and Monitoring of Budget Management of Large Infrastructure Projects? It has been called for clarification twice, but the RFM chose to answer the question by pointing out that different people speak through the media, thinking that they should dare to confront representatives of the people and the parties. By examining the information in the commissioner's office, the facts are known. That the Orange Line project is a policy fraud, the difference of 68 billion baht exists, with the first auction irregular, and the bidding criteria have been changed in mid-air. If there is no playing trick, BTS is requesting state funding, about 10,000 million baht. Due to the playing field, there are many karakasan cases in court, but the MRT chose to overturn the bid and start a new round 2 where BTS was excluded, leaving no real competition. Because it is seen that there are only 2 major electric train operators in Thailand, BTS and BEM, both should be able to compete. When there is no real competition, the state has to pay more than it should. Ask for tax money to subsidize up to 78 billion baht. The difference of 68,000 million baht therefore exists, but it is a "truth outside the idiom". The difference of 68,000 million baht will go to anyone's pocket. I don't know which party, but if you let this government sign it before the elections, the country will be very damaged. The far-right party is preparing a petition to file a lawsuit in the Administrative Court and asks the public to see the government's fraud in making a living with the Orange Line concession.
From the heart of "Parina", foreign opposition to Thai land ownership, won the prime minister to protect it for posterity.|From the heart of the wedge named "Pareena", the Prime Minister listened to the voice of the people. Foreign opposition to land ownership Protecting the land of Thailand for posterity on October 29, 2022, former MP Pareena Kraikupt. Facebook Posts stated that when the public Do not want to exchange foreign investment with Thai land. Sacrificing money to stimulate the economy and even giving up life to protect the land of Thailand for our children. As thai ancestors used to do in the future...even though the descendants can live in the land of Thailand, it is...rent...with the head of the house is foreign, so please listen to the voice of the people from the heart of Parina, who will be fc General Prayuth for life. #รักเธอประเทศไทย
"Tipanan", a foreign knot buying land, screening quality people with 40 million baht, reiterates that it is not a policy to sell the nation.|"Tipanan" emphasizes that 4 types of high-potential aliens can buy 1 rai of land. If the conditions are misused, they must be sold back and reviewed every 5 years, so that Thailand claims the IMF, if it is a better government, "Gen. Prayuth" is the prime minister to save the nation. Ms. Tipanan Sirichana The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the Pheu Thai Party had issued a statement disagreeing with the ministerial regulations on the purchase of land for foreigners. The right of foreigners to own 1 rai of land is an important condition: they must be high-potential aliens of 4 categories who have obtained a long-term stay visa or LTR visa only and must not have any prohibited characteristics under the immigration law and have a health insurance policy to cover medical expenses in the country. Therefore, due to the strict criteria that must be an LTR Visa before having land, the investment period has been reduced from 5 years to 3 years in order to incentivize these 4 types of high-potential individuals to invest.  Instead, they screened quality people into Thailand with an investment of 40 million baht, and if the conditions in the specified details were violated, the land would have to be sold back.  This group of individuals will bring money into the country and generate more domestic spending and increase income distribution, which is good for the business operators involved. Continue to generate income for Thai people in all activities where this group resides. The fact that the Pheu Thai Party said that "the contents of the 2002 Ministerial Regulations on the same subject are strict and impose conditions on which aliens buy land are more difficult" is not true because the 2002 Ministerial Regulations allow "all foreigners" with 40 million baht to buy land. Draft new Ministerial Regulations 2022 Only "4 types of high-potential aliens who have obtained a long-term residence visa or LTR Visa" are allowed. The government also asked several relevant agencies, such as the Bank of Thailand, to confirm that the principles in the draft Ministerial Regulation 2022 "do not affect the stability of the financial economy, either in terms of stimulating speculation in the real estate market and not significantly increasing the pressure on overall property prices." In addition? The land that is allowed to be purchased is clearly defined as "the nature of stimulating and incentivizing foreigners to invest in this kind of land. Many countries also incentivize investors to apply for permanent residency until it becomes a civil right," Ms. Tipanan said, adding that what society is wondering is that this ministerial regulation has existed since the time of the Government for Thailand, and that the Pheu Thai Party claimed that the 2002 ministerial regulations were issued because of the impact of the Tom Yum Kung crisis and the repayment of IMF debts. If it is based on a claim. The incident has passed. Why hasn't there ever been a focus on amending the Ministerial Regulations on Land Ownership during 2002-2017, even though the Pheu Thai Party had a chance to form a government? But what the people saw at that time was that the Pheu Thai Party was obsessed with focusing more on the amendment of the Amnesty Act, in contrast to the Prime Minister, who had considered and improved the law. The regulations are always updated and to stimulate the country's economy concisely and for the benefit of the entire Thai people. It is also in accordance with the 2017 Constitution, Section 77. Prayuth's government has always done everything in the national interest. There has never been a policy of selling the nation, never benefiting foreigners for any benefit. This government is only doing good for the Thai people. The project aims to allocate land and reinstate arable land to farmers, and also to build housing projects for all groups of people equally without leaving anyone behind.  Cheating houses so generous that people have no place to live. Approved EximBank lending Myanmar loans at a lower interest rate than the cost. This is the definition of "prime minister".
Super Pole Chu "Anutin", the leader over the conflict, good heart, while "Big Tu" holds the second.|Super Poll 35.8% Chu "Anutin", the leader over the SUPER POLL, released the results of a nationwide public opinion poll. A total of 2,016 examples of political leaders over social conflicts Political leaders, over social conflicts, found that a majority, or 66.1 percent, identified the movement. The main institutions of the nation are the source of the conflict in Thai society. This was followed by 53.4 per cent who said political groups were accepting foreign money to disrupt Thailand. 41.9% identified the Three Fingers movement as the root cause of conflict in Thai society. 32.0% said the reform movement was the root cause of the conflict in Thai society. 26.2 per cent said it was a revolution, 23.7 per cent said it was a merger, monopoly, business, energy, food and communication. Because like this person who has no history of conflict with anyone, to say the least. Who is scolded is considered a reminder, a good-hearted person who has contributed to the lives of heart surgery patients and so on. Tackling the COVID crisis The public health system is a good person helping the villagers, the little ones. Skilled with rich money and like rich people, etc. In second place, or 29.7 percent, identified Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The prime minister, because he is the leader of the seizure of power, is not in control. The town is neat. The third place, or 13.1 percent, said Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, the prime minister's candidate. The Party for Thailand because it likes this person. I want to see women as leaders, as a new generation. He has no history of conflict with anyone and is the daughter of former Prime Minister Thaksin. When classifying political leaders over social conflicts by gender, 40.2 percent of men and 31.4 percent of women identified Anutin Charnveerkul as political leaders over social conflicts, while 27.0 percent of men and 32.4 percent of women identified General Prayut Chan-o-cha. In addition, 9.2 percent of men and 16.9 percent of women identified Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, and by age group, Anutin Charnveerkul was found to be a political leader over society's conflicts. The majority were in the 25- to 39-year-old group at 39.5 percent, followed by the under-24 age group at 33.1 percent and the 40-year-old group at 31.9 percent, respectively. Meanwhile, General Prayut Chan-o-cha found his support base as a political leader over social conflicts at 18.8 percent in the age group, 25.2 percent in the 25-39 age group, and 25.2 percent in the 40-year-old age group. Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra and Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat received political leadership support over the dominant social conflicts in the under-24 age group, which was 15 percent to 20 percent, while the higher age group had a lower proportion of support, respectively.
Villagers in many areas are still sinking "for Thailand", prompting the government to rush to help.|"Theerarat" urged the government to rush to help the UDD, many areas are still sinking, suggesting to speed up vocational rehabilitation, organize information systems to heal, do not miss out. The opposition awaits the investigation of Ms. Theerarat Sujwanich. A spokesman for the Pheu Thai Party said that since the flooding in many areas including the north, central and northeast, as well as some areas in the south, has been ongoing for several months, but so far there has been no clarity on the timing of payment of damages to the people. This includes measures to restore damaged areas after the water recedes. Although the government has already announced some rough guidelines for reparations for damages. But in the meantime, many areas are still flooded. Agricultural and economic land has been damaged and has not received basic assistance like the four factors that all human beings rely on. Adequate food, clothing, and housing This is partly due to the 180-day iron rule of the KMT that makes it impossible for opposition MPs or those who volunteer to help to stay close to the people. But even if the opposition can't do anything right now, the government shouldn't delay helping the people, Ms. Steerarat said, suggesting a government led by Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Change the way of thinking in order to work in a timely manner to the suffering of the people. The following actions must be taken: 1. Accelerate the recovery of lost opportunities. 2.Organize the survey data of damaged areas to be standardized. Don't let there be corruption, as it is predicted that the remedy will last longer than the age of this government. The opposition will closely monitor payments.3.Remedies must come with job creation and access to financing for struggling small and small entrepreneurs. Because the past has been aggravated by the COVID crisis and flooding again. Loan 100,000 baht/person The BANK also considers the interest rate at 4% too high, too high for the public to be able to afford in this situation. The government needs to be more sympathetic to the people"I want the government to reduce its time to think less about its own political future and work for more people. Take some time to get rid of the misery of the people. Don't spend time solving political problems in your own party about who the prime minister will be. What will be Prayuth's political future? Prayuth's government has repeatedly flooded. The remedy also repeatedly failed. The hearts of the people cannot be seen."
The Prime Minister regretted the incident, Itaewon ordered a follow-up to the situation.|The Prime Minister regretted the incident and ordered immediate assistance if any Thais were affected. Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense South Korea's Itaewon road incident resulted in many deaths and injuries, prompting authorities to urgently follow up. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Royal Thai Embassy in Seoul reported that the incident occurred on Saturday night, November 29, 2022, at the Halloween Night Festival held in Itaewon Street, Seoul, causing many people to be killed and injured. however The Royal Thai Embassy has not received any reports of any Thais being injured or killed in the incident. If any Thai nationals need assistance from the Royal Thai Embassy, they can contact the emergency telephone number 010-6747-0095.
"Nipit" smacks 2 standards, selling land to foreigners from "selling the nation" to "stimulating the economy"|Nipit Intarasombat, deputy leader of the Thai Future Building Party (SSO), posted a message about the hot topic. In the case of allowing foreigners to buy land in Thailand using the theme "Thais are prohibited from entering", the whole text states that once A group of people claimed that selling land to foreigners was "selling the nation." Now they are explaining that it is not selling the nation, but "stimulating the economy". He called the next "2 standards", in cities, in municipalities, preparing for luxury buildings. Big house, big house, seeing Chinese people Westerners driving luxury cars in and out If there is a sign that says "This alley Thai people do not enter", then do not say that it is his land, we go to sit and sell mortar snacks in front of the alley, if there is a full supply of drugs in the alley, it is considered to stimulate consumption (drugs), then I have reasons to explain, both economics and political principles, but keep your mouth shut, just say that I listened to those who know that he has done about the economy of the country. He explained that economic stimulus There are many ways. This situation should not be done later. Mr. Nipit also posted another message. Expand on that point. Given that I spent half a day consulting with people who knew about the sale of land to foreigners, it is true that although this measure was in place in 2002, but after that, only 8 foreigners came to buy land. fail In 2002, I was opposed to 2022, the government went back to reducing conditions to make it easier for foreigners to buy land, such as investing for only 3 years. I see that 1.This measure came at the wrong time. The economy is bad, hoping to sell land to bring in foreign money, I think, affects the hearts of Thai people who see land being sold to different people. While we are poor, buying 1 rai of land, most of them are money laundering, the mafia are leaving their own country. Most of these people can't live in their own country, so they buy land in Thailand. 3. Investing in bonds or investing in the capital market, it is useless because of the capital market in Thailand. 4. I hope that the ruling coalition parties (some parties) that have opposed this policy. Once satisfied, you will be mindful and ask to oppose this policy, just as you have previously opposed it. Don't lower yourself to sell your land.5.I and the Future Of Thailand party disagree. We have a lot of economic solutions. If we have wisdom, there is no need to trade it by selling the land to foreigners. Thai Future Building Party Disagree with the reduction of conditions and sell the land to foreigners.
"For Thailand" set up "Phan Thong Authentic - Phae Thong Than" to sit as an advisor to the Kick-off Election Center ready to fight the battle.|For the first meeting of the Election Operations Center, the kickoff of the election battle may take place every minute. Plan A, Plan B, Fully Confident Landslides (November 1, 2022) The Party for Thailand held a meeting on the 'Operation Center for the Election of Members of the House of Representatives'. Party for Thailand's first time today, with the advisory committee and all relevant parties in attendance. Led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong, MP for Nakhon Ratchasima and Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand, as director of the Election Operations Center, Special Professor Chaikasem. Nitisiri, Advisor to the Election Operations Center, Mr. Sompong Amornwiwat, Advisor to the Election Operations Center Pol. Gen. Viroj Paoin, Advisor to the Election Operations Center, Lieutenant Colonel Chalerm Yubumrung, Advisor to the Election Operations Center, Mr. Panthongsorn Shinawatra, Advisor to the Election Operations Center, Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra, Advisor to the Election Operation Center, Mrs. Puangphet Chunprab, and other committees attended the meeting after the Pheu Thai Party established the Election Operation Center on October 10, 2022. Nan MP and leader of the Pro-Thai Party said he supported 'for Thailand slide the whole land'. The Pheu Thai Party aims to work with the People's Party to elect more than 250 MPs for the following goals: 1. Return democracy to the people. The goal is for Thailand to eradicate dictatorship.2.Return well-being to the people. Solve crises, create good eating. Create a better future for our children and grandchildren. To reiterate the mechanism to achieve the goal for Thailand Slide, there will be 3 main mechanisms: 1. Aim to send candidates; All 400 constituencies 2.Pheu Thai party policy Because the Pheu Thai Party is the party that produces policy until it is called an edible democracy for the new life of the people. We will continue to do so.3.The Prime Minister's candidacy will bring management opportunities and lead us to the above goals. In other words, all goals can't be driven at all. Prasert Chanthawongthong, MP for Nakhon Ratchasima and secretary-general of the Pheu Thai Party, said that today was the first meeting of the Election Operations Center, kicking off the work of the Election Operations Center in the lead-up to the upcoming elections, with little time left. From today until the expiration date, the council has only 5 months left, which is almost the time. The work of all election operations centers will be carried out within the strict 180-day framework of the KGB. There will be 6 administrative divisions, namely 1.1.Policy and Electoral Information Group. Mr. Bhumitham Vejjachai is the main operator of 1.2.The group manages 5 zones nationwide, all 77 provinces. Mr. Sompong Amornwiwat, Northeast Mr. Prasert Chanchanwongthong, Central Region Mr. Surapong Ngampornvilai, Bangkok Mrs. Puangphet Chunsub, Southern Dr. Chonnan Srikaew 1.3. Electoral Fraud Prevention and Litigation Group1.4. Campaign and Media Production Group with Mr. Bhumitham Vejjachai1.5. Communication and Public Relations1.6. The party hypothesized that the election of MPs would take place at any minute. In 2.1 cases, the House of Representatives is in office until March 3, 2023. Plan A 2.2.In the event of an unforeseen event, such as the dissolution of parliament within any month, it is not known. In the event of a loud incident, the election will be held in 60 days, which the Pheu Thai Party has planned (considered as Plan B). Some of the party's MPs have already left, and within this month or at least by December 2022, the Pheu Thai Party will launch its candidates. All 400 districts have been completed, with some districts yet to be launched due to multiple candidates and all districts. Additional data comparisons are required.
The government designates "Naga" as the national identity of Thailand. Types of mythical animals|The government designates "Naga" as the national identity of Thailand. Mythical animal category expands soft power to drive creative economy Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed after the Cabinet meeting on November 1, 2022 that the Cabinet approved Naga as a national identity. A mythical animal genre, a symbolic declaration to create a sense of history. It is also an extension of soft power to bring cultural capital to drive the creative economy. To increase economic value and bring income to the country, Naga has a long-standing belief that has appeared in Thai society. It is related to the Thai way of life, reflecting myths and beliefs from the past. It is expressed through tradition. Art, culture, rituals to the present day, such as being a guardian of religion, a stairway between earth and heaven, a fireball on Lent, and a tradition of flowing fireboats. Therefore, naga is considered a symbol of the culture of the Thai people firmly for the image of the original image of naga as a national identity. That mythical animal type. The National Cultural Committee has assigned the Department of Fine Arts, Bureau of Artisans. The image depicts four families of nagas, namely the Virupak family (gold), the Erapatha family (green), the Chappayaputta family (rainbow), and the Kanhakotma family (black), and the largest naga, the Nakwasukri, which is associated with Buddhism and the king. There are 157 countries with a total of 229 items, with some countries having more than one national animal. There are animals that actually appear, such as mammals, four-footed animals, poultry. As for animals in mythology, fairy tales and beliefs, although they are not seen by the people of that nation. There is faith and faith that the creation of a national symbol for animals in national mythology will be announced in countries such as: Those mythical creatures are often used as a symbol of the country as a coat of arms. Shields and arms, or appearing in flags, and are largely associated with institutions.
"There's Always Spring - When The Time Flowers Will Bloom" A book on the hopes of the city.|Since 2020, Thailand has seen the "power" of the new generation. who have risen up to political activism like never before. Numerous rallies under creative hashtags spread across every corner of the city. Holding up three fingers and objects became a symbol of the congregation of this generation. It signals that the people are dissatisfied with the government's administration and the "structural system" that has long oppressed the people. The violence to disperse the protests, which led to the use of "tear gas" and "rubber bullets", as well as arrests and detentions, became the latest "weapon" used by the state against the people of the country. A book that collects photographs from photographers and observers of the Mob Data Thailand project. Creativity, fun Smiles and tear stains and violence have been the subject of protests since 2020, and Amnesty International has been the subject of violence. Thailand, in collaboration with the Internet for People's Law (iLaw) project, organized the launch of the book. On October 26, at GalileOasis, during 2020, people demanded freedom of assembly, calling on the government or "authority". Addressing social issues and calling for change in many ways. Therefore, the Internet for People's Law (iLaw) project launched "Protest Observation Volunteers" under the Mob Data Thailand project to observe and record actual events in the assembly using principles based on human rights principles. Busarin Panae According to iLaw's Mob Data Thailand project coordinator, since January 2020, the protests have expanded rapidly. Against the backdrop of a limited number of observers of the rally. As well as the violence of government officials, observers were also affected. However, the project was successful in collecting information on protests and guidelines for how protesters were treated by government officials. As well as photos of the event from observers and photographers who visited the rally, Mob Data Thailand became the website that could record the most stories of political movements during 2020 - 2022. Today, more than 1,000 of the more than 2,000 rallies have been collected, and those stories have been published in the book "There's Always Spring - When The Flowers Will Bloom." Busarin Panae Mob Data Thailand project coordinator at the book launch event that day. They discussed and shared the experiences of the volunteers observing the rally, reflecting on the work process, the touching stories, and the difficulties of the gathering, even though each of them had their starting point and motivation to start working. Different "volunteers", but all of them are committed and determined in their assigned duties. Even several times. The rally will mean being hit by tear gas or rubber bullets at the book launch event. Even in many situations they wanted to remove the observer's head and go to the aid of the protesters. In addition Observers are not only recording events at rallies. But sometimes they have to act as "truth checkers" during that time to pass on accurate information and not confuse the general public. One of the observers who shared their experiences reiterated that the duty of the protest observer is important because they need to collect well-rounded information from the protest situation and that could become usable evidence. Information from protest observers appears in one of the book's episodes. From 2020 to 2021, at least 602 people were reported injured in violence at the protests and at least two people were killed. In addition, from July 18, 2020 to August 1, 2022, charges were filed against the public. At least 1,853 people have expressed political opinions in 1,120 cases. There are people who have been prosecuted for protesting situations and for violations. At least 1,467 people in 647 cases (as of May 2020) have been arrested. The event also featured a panel discussion from "Representatives of the Flower Garden of Hope" who reviewed the memories of the rally during 2020 - 2021. Thanakit Wiboonphol, Jatupat Boonpattararaksa and Chonlathisha informed quickly, ready to share their impressions from the protests and their views on the people's movement in the near future. Jatupat "I think it's hopeful, creative, and has expanded political participation, not just in Bangkok, but in other regions, in each province, since I fought in '57, we fought the coup, but people didn't understand. From fighting back, it gave me more hope, and it gave me a lot of energy since I saw the movement," Jatupat said, as well as Anon and Pasrawali, who said that recent rallies have made the "hope" at the end of the tunnel clearer, reflecting a society that is gradually changing in a tangible way. "The last few years have been a lot of fun and I never thought that we would be able to hold a rally with tens of thousands of people, and then we flagged the idea of calling for institutional reform to be a reality in the middle of the capital of Thailand. Looking back on how many times, and now with 28 cases, we never regret it, and if we go back in time, we will do the same, maybe even harder," said Chonthicha. They arrested people and violently suppressed the protests. If asked, does it scare the masses? It creates something that makes the masses more focused, how can we react to these things and prevent this kind of violence against our people again. It pushed the ceiling to the end where everyone wanted to grope for their own answers. Therefore, the weapon of thought that we have opened up since '63 is embedded in the masses. They're understanding the incident. He is digging for information that he will decide what he will do next." Pasrawalee reflects on Pasrawalee Thanakitwiboon results during 2020 - 2021, a time when people's rallies are blossoming, full of creativity, hope and empowerment, but there is no denying that in 2022, public rallies are fading away. It begs the question of whether the power of the once-powerful people has been extinguished. Chonlathicha explained that there were many factors that caused the protesters to change their political activism, and raised the issue of wearing EM bracelets and bail conditions that affect the daily lives of people who move on issues of democracy and human rights. And although they weren't standing on the stage or in the procession, everyone was in a different role. "It's a crystallized phase of thought, and it's deeply still, which I think is a dangerous phenomenon for the state. If we're still rallying, still down the street, we're still moving that is something tangible. I think he's almost able to close the channel, but when we're calm, we crystallize, we reflect a little bit of energy, sometimes I think he's shocked, like the election results in Bangkok, Lak Si district, or the governor of Bangkok. It's a cumulative power, not a silence," Anon added. It's all reflected in principle. Equality Principles We talk about brewing, gender, it's reflected on these principles, and then it resonates again as an electoral force, but that doesn't mean the mob is gone. It's still like a star, night is bright, but daytime stars are still there. It's just that we can't see it," he concluded.
Police Chief joins hands with "Governor of Bangkok" to take care of safety and traffic APEC Meeting 2022|The Governor of Bangkok joins forces to take care of safety and traffic. APEC 2022 meeting prepares to add CCTV cameras to cover the country, cleaning staff, public sector Help monitor safety and integrate drug and traffic problems together seriously today (November 2, 2022) at 09.00 a.m. at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Chief of Police, Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok, accompanied by Deputy Chief of Police, Deputy Governor of Bangkok and high-ranking officials in both departments Attend the meeting to integrate cooperation between Bangkok (Bangkok) and the Royal Thai Police (Sq.) In cooperation to maintain security and traffic. To prepare for the APEC Leaders' Meeting and related meetings. During Thailand's hosting of the 2022 APEC meeting and discussing ways to tackle drug and traffic congestion, Gen. Damrongsak revealed that the Prime Minister and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan were present. Deputy Prime Minister as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Security and Traffic In order to participate in ensuring the safety of the APEC meeting, today we invited the Governor of Bangkok and senior executives to discuss the integration of cooperation between sq.m. and bangkok, which has 3 urgent issues to be discussed: 1. The APEC 2022 meeting, which will be organized by the sq.m. It provides knowledge to county officials and cleaners, vendors, public drivers to help monitor and prevent incidents, and to provide a network to report incidents to police officers. In addition, Bangkok will support the installation of additional CCTV cameras to cover the entire route. 2.To solve traffic problems, a working group will be set up to drive the resolution of the problem together. At the level of B.C.N. and Bangkok and sub-working groups at the area level, the district police and the land and the area police to be able to drive and solve problems immediately. Use accident data from the AO system to analyze the risk points that occur frequently. To know the true cause of the accident, to set up a sign and correct the physical appearance. Traffic Police Will cooperate in tightening the parking of cars in prohibited places, and train traffic volunteers for the county so that they can help manage traffic. Traffic light management using AI system to solve the problem of trucks violating the ban time and getting on bridges where trucks are prohibited from boarding. Overweight affects the traffic surface and when an accident or a broken-down car greatly affects traffic, including allowing Bangkok to connect databases from the AOT to be used to prevent accidents3. Training students to protect themselves from shooting or active shooter sq. Sq. has prepared a training course for children and youth in schools throughout Bangkok and nationwide to know how to survive active shooter like Terminal 21 and Child Development Center, Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Nong Bua Lamphu Province. In addition, guidelines for preventing pedals, such as the Itaewon tragedy in Korea, were discussed, and the Governor of Bangkok will invite police speakers to train students in all schools in 50 districts, including private companies. He said that after this, a working group will be set up in 4 areas: 1. Smart safty zone working group: which sq.m. has implemented the SMART SAFETY ZONE 4.0 project to take care of the safety of the public by connecting the CCTV system of Bangkok, sq. m. and all sectors. Because once questioned, they must send a screening center and request to expand the treatment and rehabilitation facility for drug addicts. Especially those who have increased mental symptoms, such as Thung Si Kan and Don Mueang under the T.O.K.C. and requested the Department of Medical Affairs (NESDB). Support and mentoring will be able to receive psychiatric patients in Bangkok who have already undergone treatment, which increases the number of beds for Bangkok. Eaters 3. Traffic Working Group: The Governor of Bangkok has informed the progress of solving the problem of stiffness points (traffic congestion) from the survey of all 270 points in 50 districts, which has already submitted information to the advisory team to help analyze the solution and instruct all districts to urgently take corrective action in the relevant areas. In addition, in addition to the hawker stall problem, Bangkok will set up a waiver point to arrange sales to vendors by first obtaining approval from the traffic officer. Nowadays, when there are violations, both the county and the traffic police are arrested and exercising their powers according to different laws. Next will be integration. Focus on the points where there are regular violations by taking measures from light to heavy, i.e. warning, up to the point of arrest. 4. Zoning Management Working Group: Including fire prevention in service establishments or establishments that are similar to service establishments that are pubs and bars, such as Mount B incident, Chonburi province, may need to be discussed with the Ministry of Interior, Bangkok. Stationary zone of the facility At present, the law is quite lagging, there may be a proposed amendment to the Law on Service Establishments. Mr. Chatchachart said that thanks to the Director-General for initiating this meeting, bangkok and sq.m. have set up a working group in 4 areas and there are 3 urgent matters that need to be done together, especially in regards to the APEC meeting. All cleaning staff have studied all 50 districts to help be an eye for the police, in addition to supporting CCTV cameras to cover precarious spots or tooth spots. As for shooting prevention training, it is good to have training for all schools, including the private sector, because the private sector is important. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said. The Prime Minister expressed his concern and invited Thai people to be a good host to welcome participants to APEC 2022, which will be held on November 14-19, 2022.
Daddy's Analysis! Policy to sell land to foreigners Affirming his love, Uncle Tu won ordered it to end.|Pa Thep asked Uncle Tu to stop the policy of selling land to foreigners, which is no different from selling the country to foreigners. This point is to lose love from the case of Thep Pho Ngam. A senior comedian has come out live on the Page of Thep Spring Rolls, criticizing the government's recent policy of allowing foreigners to buy land in Thailand in exchange for investment conditions. If people of different nationalities and cultures come to buy land in Thailand. The future will have the latest problems. Yesterday (2 November) The reporter went to Rai Pa Thep at Khao Khlung. Photharam, Ratchaburi province, talked to Pa Thep or Thep Pho Ngam. In that case, Pathep said he didn't mind the government because he was cheering for him since then, but in order to sell the land to foreigners, take the antiques of the Thai people that we have built. Grandparents sacrificed their lives. He worried about his children wanting to have a place to live, that the government would do this to legislate the sale of land to foreigners. This way, it's overworked, let's legislate a call to buy. Sell at flea markets This way, it can't be. If it is someone who comes to do good for the nation. You can do good things for our country, but it's about getting people to buy it. "It's shocking, which no other country would do," for example, how hard it is to become a citizen in his country. To have a home in his country, he had to live for 10 years, 20 years, to become a citizen. The fact that our house enacted this kind of legislation called him in to buy it. It's like selling it too. What is not more than what he would say, if we were a government, we volunteered to take over him. Volunteering to protect the country is that every citizen wants you to come in and protect it. "The nation, religion, the king and all the people are right." If you don't do it right, of course, the people don't tolerate it, so they don't really give up. I don't like doing this. Let's not do that, because in the future, we will know. Some people say we're a little bit broken, it's okay, it's a stimulus to the economy. The stimulus must be created as a project in a way that does something for the people or the nation to do on its own, such as a policy of free liquor or free marijuana. That's right, we'll have the opportunity to use the money to owe him. He also said that what policies the government will enact for the people to know. About selling land to foreigners He didn't know anything about it yet. It's about the land, it's about the nation. The council must come out and argue with the public, not "like an eel emerging from a hole", which they want to stop this policy altogether. Stop selling that to foreigners. If the government is going to do it. He thinks there will be a lot of resistance. I want our leaders to try to think about nothing, just try to step back and put an end to it. Don't take this policy out, everything is back to normal, the people are afraid of this. I was still shocked. We need to think about the future ahead. He also said he still insisted that he still loved him. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha is asking just not to sell the country to foreigners. He couldn't stand this policy. If you're still thinking about doing this, you'll sell it to foreigners. Bringing relatives in, they will lose their love. "The guy who thinks it's ok, why is that?" or he might be listening to someone too much, or that it's close to an election. Pathep Confirm that they will fully oppose the sale to foreigners. He believes that there must be a nominee to buy places all over the country. Only wait for the day when this secret law will come out. If enacted Foreigners and foreign capitalists will definitely show themselves as owners, wanting the state to go and check what they have built, or what they have hidden. There's a cult, there's a religion, there's no one out there looking at it. He has nothing to love. What the government does is encourage and encourage people who have the money to make real estate sell, but the government is not encouraging people to have a career. It's a frustration. It's no different than selling the nation. Next, there will be a lot of foreigners coming in. Invite your children and grandchildren to come and build a family for us. He's going to separate our careers. So he wanted to Uncle Tu ordered this policy to stop.
"Pitha" slams the wrong policy, "Prayuth" sells land to foreigners, a very ancient shortcut.|The leader of the party went a long way. Asked if the Prime Minister had purchased land for 99 years, whether there was an assessment of the pros and cons of the policy, Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat said: The leader of the party went a long way. Asked about foreign policy on land acquisition, he said this is not new. There is a ministerial regulation dating back to King Rama IV that contains a record of the law for foreigners to use land in Thailand. But in the current situation, this policy is the wrong place because the positive economic outcomes are not yet definitively assessed. While many Thai citizens do not have housing and arable land, the first problem. Questioning the clear goal of amending ministerial regulations to allow foreigners to own land in Thailand. Because the data showed that in 20 years, there were only 8 foreigners, the target from the interview that was only broadly stated that it wanted to attract 1 million foreigners. Therefore, I am not sure of the second problem goal. Mr. Pitha questioned the impact and tone of the ministerial amendment and whether it took into account the negative consequences. Take England, for example. And in Hong Kong, where the liberalization of land acquisition, housing prices have risen, leading to people in low-income countries having to live in small accommodations that are like "funeral homes". Pitha said he was concerned about inequality in land access. While the government is trying to get 1 million foreigners to buy land, 75% of Thais still do not have access to their home country's arable land. Ordinary Thais who have real land are only 20 percent. The quota of 1 rai of foreigners went to encroach on the people's land. For example, according to the Ministry of Social and Human Development, 1 in 5 poor people are homeless and 1 in 3 poor people are homeless. While people in forest reserves or in park areas, conditions and restrictions on access to large amounts of land are limited to 5 lines. The question must be asked whether the government will prioritize letting foreigners have land first, or people having a place to eat first." He doesn't believe in this kind of economic stimulus, LTR is good, special economic zones are good, it's something that has been done for 40-50 years, very ancient. Since the reign of King Rama IV, this concept has already been present. People who are going to invest in any country need to see if the foundation economy has purchasing power. We need to see if the country is safe, or if there is such a high inequality that the drug problem fills up. It must be seen that the population can communicate with him. Can you have an equal education as a global citizen? What you want to do is a shortcut, which is very ancient, let me conclude that I once asked the governor of Seoul how to make Seoul a city that great people want to live in. His answer is to make Seoul a livable city for butlers. housewife There are schools, there is transportation. It is safe, speaks English, and is a city where people are equal. This is the right way to do the economy," he concluded.
Jurin is confident! In this election, the Democrats did. More MPs|Jurin Laksanavisit, deputy prime minister and minister of commerce, as the leader of the Democratic Party, gave an interview during his work in Los Angeles. On Friday (Nov. 4) Democrats are confident that they will get more MPs next time than in the South and more than in the 2019 elections. In other words, it is normal for all parties to have all parties, which is normal for them to compete in politics. The South is another area where many parties will have to compete. The truth is not only this time, but how the party will compete, it is normal. Mr. Jurin went on to say that when you look back at almost every election, there will be many political parties that compete, but democrats are still firmly tied to the people of the South, just like other parties. While some political parties are trying to bluff (Ke thap) to seize the beachhead in Phang Nga province, the leader of the Democrat Party said it's okay because Phang Nga has many parties that are in the race. It is not an exception to any province in the South. Even if every time there is only one seat, then adjust it to 2 seats, and then return to one seat. Then it went back to 2 seats, there were several parties that went down to the regular race, some down to 7 parties, 8 parties, 9 parties.
Anutin posted a picture of a pair of ice cream mixed with marijuana. Netizens ask, which says medical marijuana?|Anutin posted a couple pictures. Soft serve or marijuana-infused ice cream with insightful poems Netizens tease which says medical marijuana Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Minister of Health As the head of the Bhumjaithai Party, he mentioned the case of the Democrat Party. He said there was no problem because nowadays access to cannabis is under the laws of many agencies. Drafting section Therefore, if MPs want people to benefit from this, they should push forward," adding that if anyone intends to delay causing problems for political gain, it is a matter for the people to decide. The poem was originally from Shakespeare's poem "Two folks look through same hole, one sees mud, one sees mud, one sees star." However, the image drew criticism that marijuana-infused ice cream seemed inconsistent with the free marijuana policy for health and medicine, which the ministry has always emphasized.
Chatchat welcomes "Thai Street Dance Team" to win world championship Prepare to set up space for release.|Governor Chatchat welcomes "Thai Street Dance Team" to win world championship Preparing to set up a talent show area (4 Nov 22) at 13.00 pm. Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, welcomed and congratulated the youth group who won the World Street Dance Championship. "UDO WORLD STREET DANCE CHAMPIONSHIP 2022", saying congratulations to everyone, is a proud event, both in terms of itself, as well as the reputation of Bangkok and the country. Bangkok wants to encourage a lot of this kind of activity because it is about health, creativity, assertiveness. It is an important feature. In the future, we may not dance for the rest of our lives, but unity, discipline, assertiveness are fundamental to many other professions. Bangkok will provide us with more space to express ourselves. The Bangkok Cup may be held as a platform for everyone to express themselves more for the World Street Dance Championships. "UDO WORLD STREET DANCE CHAMPIONSHIP 2022" in England, which was held this year for the 15th time and 24 countries participated in the competition, was held from August 11-14, 2022, with the Thai team winning a total of 36 prizes, 13 of which were 1. ULTIMATE ADVANCE, 2. SUPER CREW, 3. TEAM UNDER 12, 4. SOLO UNDER 12, 5. SOLO UNDER 16, 6. SOLO UNDER 18, 7. SOLO OVER 18, 8. BREAKING OVER 16, 9. ALL STYLES UNDER 12, 10. DUO UNDER 12, 11. DUO UNDER 16, 12. DUO UNDER 18 and 13. DUO OVER 18. Team G-DAT BOOGIE won the 1st place super crew (18-40 people) and the Bloc D jr. team won the 1st place under 12. Mr. Chalermpol Chotinuchit Deputy Permanent Secretary, Bangkok Mr. Phimuk Simaroj, Secretary to the Governor of Bangkok Bangkok Executive Executives of the Office of Culture, Sports and Tourism and related persons joined the delegation at the Chao Phraya Room. Bangkok City Hall (Swing Post) 
"Thanakorn", the Prime Minister Good flow, good day, good night. The next election will surely win.|"S.S.A.T." Thank you, Mr. President, for organizing a project to help people and debtors. The opposition coalition is good but speaks, never accomplishes, confident in the current. "Uncle Tu", good day, good night. In the next election, Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkong won. List of MPs of the Pracharat Party A former spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office thanked Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the government continue to help debtors, especially vulnerable groups. It is assigned to the Ministry of Finance in cooperation with the Bank of Thailand. The Association of State Financial Institutions (GFA) organized the first "Debt Resolution Expo" from November 4-6, 2023 in Muang Thong Thani, Bangkok, and will be held 4 times to various regions nationwide, namely Khon Kaen, Chiang Mai, Chonburi and Songkhla. Access to new capital to provide short-term working capital for livelihood or occupation to generate more income for the Debt Resolution Fair The 1st Bangkok Edition was held from 4-6 November 2022 at IMPACT Hall 5, Muang Thong Thani. Interested parties can register at https:/In15.gsb.or. th/WE B- DEBT/ to request to contact for debt resolution and receive other privileges throughout the 3-day event. Therefore, thanks to the Prime Minister and the government, the "Debt Solving Expo: There is a debt that needs to be solved, starting over sustainably" was organized by the Ministry of Finance, national banks and state financial institutions. Join forces to solve the problem of debtors, especially vulnerable groups, in a comprehensive way to solve debts. According to the government's announcement of its intention to "2022 is the year of solving household debt", which is in line with the Prime Minister's desire to solve poverty in a sustainable way. There is a lot of evidence. I am confident that in the next election, if the president goes further, he will surely win the election. Several opposition coalition leaders have come forward to discredit the government on a daily basis. Most of them are notched. It's a good type, but I say it but never do anything successful, don't believe it, go check it out. 
Big Pom Tod kathin built the pagoda, Wat Dang Nakhon Phanom, the 8th year, revealing the number of merit making more than 3.6 million baht.|Big Pom Tod kathin built a pagoda, Wat Dang Nakhon Phanom, 8th year, merit making more than 3.6 million baht. The candidates for the P.O.C. Welcome (5 Nov 65) at 10.00 a.m. Ban Khok Sawang, Khok Sawang Subdistrict, Pla Pak District, Nakhon Phanom Province General Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, Head of The Pracharat Party, along with Mr. Virat Rattanasert, deputy leader of the Pracharat Party and saiboon, presided over the 2022 Kathin Samakkhi offering ceremony to raise funds for the construction of the Kospanyo Sripanom Pagoda to create a Buddhist offering to the Buddha. Phra Sunthorn Thammakorn or Luang Pukampan Kospanyo, former abbot of Wat That Mahachai Famous Master Geji Sai Vipassana Karma, which is a well-practiced monk who has a disciple who respects the faith and is nicknamed the God of the Mekong Basin, for this year marks the 8th consecutive year of making merit offerings to Kathin since 2015. General Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister has faith in LuangPukampan Kospanyo When I came to work in the area 20 years ago, it has invited people of faith to create since 2014 and it is buzzing because it has reached a high of more than 82 million baht. In the first year, and there is a continuous contribution to the fund. Construction is expected to be completed. In 2023, in the budget of not less than 400 - 500 million baht, for this year, the total factor of merit is 3,602,645 baht, while in the past year, the total factor was more than 3.7 million baht. This time, there is Mr. Supachai Phosu. Krukaew, Nakhon Phanom District 1, Bhumjaithai Party As the 2nd Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, he led a coalition of government politicians. There is also Police General Adul Sangsingkeo, a member of the Senate. Mr. Chanchai Kongtan Deputy Chief of Staff Military Police The government, local community leaders welcomed the ceremony, and students dressed in traditional costumes came to give flowers, red roses, encouragement and color. General Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, head of the Pracharat Party, unveiled the sign of The Institute of Willpower 310, Kosmangalaram Temple. Khok Sawang Subdistrict, Pla Pak District, Nakhon Phanom Province, ready to attend the summoning ceremony 2 statues of The Great Buddha to be enshrined on the top of the manta within the 2nd floor of the Phra Maha Chedi are worshipped by the people. The top of the pagoda contains relics. After the ceremony, trees were planted to improve the landscape within the temple grounds, but for political issues, it is worth noting that the candidates are important. The indispensable Pracharat MP, Ms. Natthaphat Yongjaiyuth, assistant minister at the Ministry of Justice, is expected to be the no.1 candidate for The Pracharat MP in District 2, Nakhon Phanom. Mrs. Maruay Udomlertpreecha or Je Fon, 55 years old, the owner of the famous Vietnamese restaurant Gold Star. That phanom who will be running is the candidate for the 3rd district of Nakhon Phanom, while the 1st and 4th constituencies have not yet been clearly identified. This time, Big Pom does not want to talk about politics because it focuses on making merit for Luang Pukhamphan Kospanyo, the former abbot of Wat That Mahachai, Pla Pak district, Nakhon Phanom province, on November 24, 2003, Siriruang was 88 years old and 71 years old. Mahachai Subdistrict, Pla Pak District, Nakhon Phanom Province, for Buddhists to worship as auspicious. To date, for more than 17 years, the funeral ceremony has been held at Kosmangalaram Temple. Ban Khok Sawang Luang Pu Khamphan used to develop the blessings at the said temple. Side General Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister therefore pushed for the construction of the consecration because it used to respect the faith. Ban Phonsawang Khok Sawang Subdistrict, Pla Pak District, Nakhon Phanom Province is another important temple that Phra Sunthorn Thammakorn or Luang Pukamphan Kospanyo, the former abbot of Wat That Mahachai, has developed as a meditation center for construction. Phra Rattanaboromthat Chedi Sripanom Kosapanyo at Kosmangalaram Temple Ban Phonswang Khok Sawang Subdistrict, Pla Pak District, Nakhon Phanom Province Construction began on January 9, 2015. Under the leadership of General Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense, former Commander-in-Chief of the Army, together with friends 17 soldiers who are faithful to LuangPukampan Kospanyo The famous Monk Geji came 10 years ago to work in the border area until he decided to build this monument. In the area of the temple that was donated by devotees and purchased more as a place of worship Until the beginning of construction Currently, construction is progressing about 90 percent with the relics of Arhat inside and as a museum. It is also a tourist attraction to study the history of the famous Monk Geji. Luang Pu Khampan Kospanyo (Phra Suntorn Thammakorn) with the cooperation of people of faith together contributed to the creation of The structure of the pagoda is like an inverted bell, with a total of 5 floors and a spiral staircase to the top of the pagoda, with a base size of 59 meters wide, 59 meters long and 59 meters high, with a perfect decoration budget of not less than 400-500 million baht. Located on a total temple area of about 80 rai, if completed, it will become an important Dharma tourist attraction of the new Nakhon Phanom province. It affects the tourism sector.
Northern Chu Pae Thongthan is the prime minister, nida poll reveals 31% popularity for Thailand|Nidapol National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA) Revealed on Saturday (Nov. 6). The survey of people aged 18 and over and eligible to vote in the North was conducted. The survey was conducted between Oct. 28 and Nov. 2, when asked about who the northerners would support to become prime minister today. It found that the 1st place (31.70%) identified as Ms. Paethongthan Shinawatra from the Pro-Thai Party ■ because she is a new generation. Like the Party for Thailand, the party's policies are practical. While some identified as favouring the work of the Shinawatra family no. 2 (15.00%), identified as Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat from the Far Forward Party ■ because he is a young and visionary person, while others said they liked the policy and political ideology of the Far Forward Party, the 3rd (12.65%) said that they could not find the right person, 4th (12.50%) identified as General Prayut Chan-o-cha ■ because he was honest and honest. The 5th (6.55%) identified as Khunying Sudarat Keyuraphan from the Thai Build Thai Party ■ because she has management experience. Love the party's policies. Others said they wanted to give women the opportunity to run the country, for political parties that northerners are likely to choose as constituency MPs. Today It was found that the political parties that the northern people are more likely to choose to be MPs on the list today.
For Thailand, Prayuth stubbornly opened a foreign land purchase because he was poor, unable to make money!|Mr. Chanin Rungthanakiat Pheu Thai Party deputy spokesman Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Sunday (Oct 6) that despite the social resistance to the issuance of ministerial regulations on foreign land ownership, which was resolved at a cabinet meeting two weeks ago, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha had not been able to do so. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense, as heads of the economic team, are unlikely to give up their intention to amend the law, the deputy spokesman for the Pheu Thai Party, who is preparing to run for the Surin MP election. Gen Prayuth had to stop worrying about losing his face and worry about losing his land because the idea of stimulating the economy by redeeming the national land has already gained a consensus against opposition from the Thai people. Even those who used to favor Prayuth himself disagreed, Mr. Chanin said, attracting foreign investment. The government led by Thai Rak Thai, People Power and For Thailand has a variety of practices, but has yet to see any government end up without having to relax laws on the sale of land to foreigners. In exchange for investment in the form of low-risk loans with a short term of only 3 years, it opens the door for foreigners to acquire permanent ownership of land in Thailand. Meanwhile, many Thais in the city are still neglected to live without ownership. There is no real estate development at a price accessible to the public. Many provincial residents still do not have access to arable land, so they would like to suggest that the government should focus more on this time, said the deputy spokesman for the Pheu Thai Party, who said that the government would not understand that attracting stable foreign investment has long-term positive effects. It must address the challenges of chaotic laws and the lack of international economic agreements that will help expand the size of the buyer market from manufacturing in Thailand. Thailand is the true export hub of the region, but the stimulus that General Prayuth wants to do is to take the national fixed assets in exchange for short-term investment loans. In the past, the government under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth has proved to the public that it is a government that has failed to build the economy. How much investment loans have been borrowed have been lost to a non-constructive giveaway policy. Because of the lack of creating a good economic environment for people to want to invest, want to spend, want to continue business. And not seeing a better future than one's own. General Prayuth must stop managing the economy. By taking advantage of the country to exchange foreign investment and large capital, this method only expands inequality in the country and monopolizes investment among minorities in society. If the Pheu Thai Party is the government, we will aim to build holistic economic readiness. Give all citizens access to business opportunities. Open the door to competition and awaken new creativity for investment in the country.
Democrat launches 9 candidates for Nakhon Ratchasima MP confident of seats|Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, leader of the Democrat Party, deputy prime minister and minister of commerce, visited Nakhon Ratchasima. On Sunday (November 6) to open the candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs). Nakhon Ratchasima 9 districts at Thao Suranari Monument And the Democrat Party Coordination Center in Nakhon Ratchasima province, which is located near Five Star Marco, Chompol Road, Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, the candidates for the 9 districts that the pilot launched today are considered potential diverse people, including the new generation. The national team athlete, former MP and local politician, who includes Mr. Jurin, said the party is as focused on the Northeast as other areas and the electoral field in Nakhon Ratchasima. The party has recruited potential candidates, including former MPs, local politicians who have experience working in politics continuously and are ready to start working immediately, as well as new MP candidates in 3 districts who are young people who are ideologically committed. Work for the people and strengthen the Democratic Party. Under the leadership of Mr. Jurin, the party leader, and the various policies that have been campaigned for, especially the income insurance policy for farmers of 5 agricultural crops, which has benefited Isaan farmers greatly. Therefore, we are confident that the Democrat Party will have a chance to win in Nakhon Ratchasima.
M.T.1 signed a petition to withdraw the foreign law to buy land.|M.T.1 signed a petition to withdraw the foreign law to buy land. After being criticized for selling the nation, prepare to brew. On November 8, a news report from Government House revealed that it had received a letter from the Ministry of Interior, signed by Gen. Anupong Tribejinda. The Minister of Interior will propose to the Cabinet meeting on November 8, 2022 to withdraw the draft ministerial regulations on the acquisition of land for housing for foreigners under the economic stimulus measures. Investment by attracting high-potential aliens to Thailand B.E. ... exited the Cabinet resolution, which was approved in principle on October 25, 2022, after a lot of opposition, both citizens and political parties, that it was a national sale. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence are also very concerned about this. It is expected that there is a high probability of repealing the draft ministerial regulations if the meeting The Council of Ministers agreed to withdraw the draft ministerial regulations. It will notify the Office of the Council of State under consideration to issue the draft ministerial regulations. Do not reconsider, and cancel immediately. Meanwhile, the original ministerial regulations enacted in 2002 remain.
Anutin Padgao la, a Democrat, laughed. I'll tell Jurin to raise my hand.|Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health As the head of the Bhumjaithai Party said on Tuesday (Nov. 8). In the case of a dispute over the cannabis-hemp law between the Bhumjaithai Party and the Democrat Party, if you find Mr. Jurin Traitvisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, as the leader of the Democrat Party, will raise his hand every time with laughter and walk to the cabinet meeting immediately.
Sell foreign land! Interior Minister approves withdrawal of scandalous ministerial regulations|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said on Tuesday (Nov. 8) that the Cabinet had approved the Ministry of Interior to withdraw the draft ministerial regulations on the acquisition of land for the use of foreigners. Claiming that it was based on economic stimulus and investment measures by attracting high-potential aliens to Thailand, back on Oct. 25, the Cabinet approved the draft ministerial regulations, and after reporting them to the public, there was a lot of criticism and doubts. The draft law has been submitted to the Office of the Royal Commission for further review and study, as well as a comprehensive hearing and analysis of those involved in the group of aliens who draft the ministerial regulations claim to attract investment in Thailand. It is divided into 4 categories: ThaiGov, Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri; The Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs for the purpose of granting permission to sell land to aliens; It claims to be used as a residence with an area not exceeding 1 rai according to Section 96 bis of the Land Code. Not less than 40 million baht The investment must be maintained for at least 3 years, such as buying Thai government bonds. Investment in Property Funds Investment in Infrastructure Fund The acquisition of land used as housing for foreigners in general remains in accordance with the Ministerial Regulation B.E. 2545 (2002) enacted today. He added that the Ministry of Interior would like to withdraw the draft ministerial regulations in order to listen to ideas and analyze the impacts and to study them more carefully. This includes listening to opinions from the public to consider the positive and negative effects on the economy and society. To draft ministerial regulations for efficiency and effectiveness. It enhances competitiveness and is in the best interest of the nation.
"Anutin" reveals Loy Krathong prayer for the Cannabis Act to be smooth and thai people to be rich.|"Anutin" joins Loy Krathong Council praying for the Cannabis Hemp Act to be smooth, revealing that if the law is not passed, the Ministry of Public Health rules can still be applied. The deputy prime minister and minister of health, who heads the Bhumjaithai Party, said in an interview after joining Loy Krathong with parliament that he prayed for the people to be rich. Happy and healthy, what specifically is the section about the Hemp Marijuana Bill? Mr. Anutin said that he wants everything in the country to go smoothly, including the Hemp Bill, and hopes to get support because it is a bill that benefits the people to control the use of marijuana safely and without worrying about each other. On the issues of concern of the members of the House of Representatives who jointly considered this time. If the bill does not pass The Ministry of Health can also use the Ministry of Health's announcement. On the subject of banning youth. No one under the age of 20 is allowed access to marijuana, including buying, selling, possessing. The ministerial regulations have already been written to prevent it. If there is wrongdoing, it is also illegal. Having the Cannabis Hemp Bill out is to give confidence. But without the Cannabis Act, hemp still uses the Ministry's notification, which is already regulated by the Public Health Act, as it does today.
"Thammasat" gets to know the real Chinese capital group, but there is no gray business, threatening to sue the media.|R.A. Thammasat Phrompao, Mp. The former Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, The Thai Economic Party, posted a video explaining that he was linked to a Chinese capital group and a gray business. It's not just thai friends. He has friends in many countries. Travel to this country Having friends from Western, Chinese, Thai, Indian is normal. Asked if they knew, many people knew, but they didn't do business with these people. Before entering politics, it was clear that there was a lot of business that he knew that person. Don't get involved in business. Now that I'm a politician, I'm ready to be investigated, but I have to be legally asked by some media outlets to criticize me for being corrupt. I've been quiet for 2 weeks, not that I'm still and not doing anything. I am collecting information, so please present the news to the benefit of the people and ensure fairness to all parties. Don't mix or smear until anyone is damaged. If they are damaged, then they will be in trouble. You have to go to court to play, leave it at that." Dr. Thammasat said.
Billy's lawyer slams for Thailand after resigning MP Lean not scratching the old house.|Lawyer Billy-Mr. Jirawat Aranyakanon Former Member of the House of Representatives (MP), Bangkok, District 27, Progressive Party On Thursday (Nov. 10), the launch was a press conference and a party shirt was also worn for Mr. Jirawat. As a sign that he has officially joined the Party for Thailand, Mr. Chol Nan Srikaew The party leader and MP for Nan District 2 said he was grateful that Mr. Jirawat had joined the party and that he had the opportunity to work with Mr. Jirawat several times. He also believes that Mr. Jirawat is a fiery person. Having knowledge, ability and understanding of the problems in the constituency area, which matches the characteristics that the party wants", is a young MP, the fire is burning us or not, this must be proved, but it definitely burns the hearts of the people who want to support the Pheu Thai Party", back in the 2019 general elections, the New Future Party, which was later dissolved and formed a far-right party, swept 9 seats in Bangkok, including the 27th district, which occupied Thawi Watthana district, Nong Khaem district (Nong Khang Phlu district) and Taling Chan district (only Chim Phli and Taling Chan districts), and was the political party with the 1st raw score (popular vote) in Bangkok with 25.93%. Party for Thailand Grab The Bangkok MP also won nine seats in the election, with a raw vote of 19.49%. Mr. Jirawat said the Pheu Thai Party is a party that has proven itself to be committed to democratic principles, but the Pheu Thai Party has evolved and modernized itself and understands the younger generation. Therefore, I believe that it will meet the needs of the economy and the quality of life of the people." Especially the majority of the people of the country, who are they? grassroots and urban communities," Jirawat said, however, that he had not yet been a candidate. Mr. Jirawat said that he was grateful for the party's goodwill and that if they met, they could still talk or work together.
DGA Awards Awards "Open Government Data" for the year 2022|Digital Government Development Agency (DGA) held the awards ceremony. The DIGI Data Awards 2022 will be presented to agencies that disclose open government datasets through the data.go.th website to promote, support, network and share experiences of using open data between government agencies. The event was held on November 7, 2022 at Arnoma Grand Hotel Bangkok. Assistant Minister in the Prime Minister's Office The chairman of the ceremony said, "The government has focused on the transition to digital government, and one of the keys to driving digital government is 'open government information'. It also provides a basis for the utilization of information for further development in the country's economic and social sectors. This event can be considered as a good example of preparing open data sets to be published in the data.go.th system, which is an important policy of the government and part of the national strategic plan that focuses on the disclosure and utilization of big data in order to maximize the benefits for data leaders to use and create new innovations from data and eventually lead Thailand to become a data-driven government. (Data Driven Government)Dr.Supoj Thierawut The Director of the Digital Government Development Agency added, "DGA has established the Data Innovation & Governance Institute (DIGI) to promote the disclosure of government agencies to ensure that the data sets are standardized and in accordance with the core guidelines of "Data Governance". connect This includes encouraging the disclosure and cost-effective use of data and strengthening open data communities in a concrete way. At present, there are more than 7,800 government open data sets for the DIGI Data Awards 2022, which will be presented to agencies that provide data to be disclosed on the Government Open Data Platform or data.go.th as a reward for promoting the commitment of government agencies to create data sets as well as symbolizing cooperation in driving digital government under the concept of "Data Driven Government data.go.th".data.go.th The expectation of this award is to focus on the training of government officials in agencies that hold different data sets in the agency that the information held by the agency is not only useful in the agency. But it will also add even more value. When using the information held to disclose information between government agencies or even the public sector. And another important thing is to promote a network of communities who use the benefits of information between government officials, between agencies, and the cooperation of the community sector. In addition, there is a push for the preparation of data catalogs by the Office of National Statistics and the Office of the Bureaucratic Development Commission (CCA) to encourage government agencies to have their own dataset account registers. Through data governance processes The DIGI Data Award 2022 has a total of 58 awards, divided into 2 categories: 1) The agencies with the most popular open datasets for fiscal year 2022 (DIGI TOP DATA AWARD WINNERS) are the Department of Medical Sciences, Expressway Authority of Thailand, Sports Authority of Thailand 2). 3 DIGI EXCELENCY DATA AWARD WINNERS: Department of Disease Control, Office of National Statistics, Bangkok 3) EXCELLENT OPEN DATA HUB AWARD WINNERS FOR ORGANIZATIONS THAT COLLECT OPEN GOVERNMENT DATASETS FOR PUBLICATION. There are 3 awards, namely the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Agricultural Economics and the National Housing Authority, and category 2, 49 certificates of valuable open datasets, can be found on the website digi.data.go.th In addition, there are 2 special events "DIGI TALK", namely phase 1, lectured by Dr. Monsak Socharoentham. Director of the Institute of Innovation and Data Governance under the theme of Objective and Achievement, who talks about the core mission of DIGI Institute, its goals, operations, and operations. And the 2nd session will be a panel discussion on the topic of Review and Preview of the Thai government and data-driven discussions. Director, Information and Communication Technology Center Office of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Dr. Kanjana Kwanmuang Director, National Agricultural Information Center Office of Agricultural Economics and Lt. Col. Chairat Thong Boriboon, Deputy Governor of the National Housing Authority, who attended the discussion on how to drive data driven government and its success, and introduced the services related to the developing Open Data Hub.
The Prime Minister welcomed Raising buffalo in the sea is a World Heritage Site.|The Prime Minister welcomed "Buffalo farming and ecosystems in low-lying wetlands" has been registered as an Agricultural World Heritage Area. The first of its kind in Thailand, Miss Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense It is very pleased to know that the wisdom of buffalo farming and the ecosystem in the little wetlands of Phatthalung province has been registered and registered by the United Nations Agricultural Food Organization (FAO) as the first agricultural World Heritage Area of Thailand. The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the criteria for consideration of registration as an Agricultural World Heritage Area include: 1. Food Security Well-being 2. Agricultural biodiversity 3. 4.Culture, value systems and social organizations 5.Landscape characteristics, marine landscape In which buffalo farming in the little wetlands is a wisdom that has been passed down from generation to generation for more than 250 years. The fact that the little wetlands are registered as a World Heritage Site will improve the lives of people in the community. It adds value to the economy. The local economy is growing, promoting the tourism industry, while preserving its integrity and biodiversity." We are very pleased that Thai culture and wisdom, which has been inherited since ancestral times, has been recognized and registered as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations, reflecting that Thailand's heritage and wisdom are invaluable. The Prime Minister also thanked all relevant agencies for their response to the government's policy of promoting the development of Thailand's wisdom heritage until receiving this award, as well as thanking all the people who have contributed to the preservation of Thai culture and wisdom."
The Royal Gazette published the announcement. Gatherings are prohibited during APEC meetings around Queen Sirikit-19 Center. hotel|Gatherings during APEC meetings are prohibited in the area around the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center and 19 leading hotels in Bangkok where foreign leaders stay. Effective from November 12, 2022 onwards, the Official Gazette publishes Notification of the Office of the Prime Minister on the determination of the place under Section 8 (5) of the Public Assembly Act B.E. 2558 (2015). According to Section 8 of the Public Assembly Act B.E. 2558, it is appropriate to specify the venue for the APEC Leaders' Meeting and the place of residence of the country's representatives to attend such meetings. According to the Privileges and Immunities Act For international organizations and international conferences in Thailand B.E. 2561 (2018), it is a place according to the rules or conditions of the Law on Public Assembly by virtue of Section 5 and Section 8 (5) of the Public Assembly Act B.E. 2558, the Prime Minister has issued a notification that the premises and roads around the premises as attached to this announcement shall be the places under Section 8 (5) from November 14 – 19, 2022. This announcement shall be effective from the day following the date of publication in the Official Gazette onwards (effective on 12 November 2022). The premises under Section 8 (5) of the Public Assembly Act B.E. 2558 are as follows: 1. Government International Conference Venues Queen Sirikit National Convention Center 2. Place of residence of representatives of countries at international public meetings, total 19 hotels2.1 Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok Representative Buranai2.2 Anantara Siam Representative Hotel United States2.3 Park Hyatt Bangkok Representative Singapore2.4 Rosewood Hotel Bangkok Representative New Zealand2.5 The Okura Prestige Hotel Bangkok Peru Representative2.6 The Athenee Hotel Representative Taiwan and Vietnam2.7 Conrad Hotel Bangkok Representative Japanese
APEC leader's dinner menu unveiled Presenting the best Thai food of all regions.|A government spokesman said the menu at the Gala Dinner featured the best Thai dishes from all regions. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Reveal details of the menu that will be presented to the economic zone leaders at the APEC Leaders' Gala Dinner. On November 17, 2022, at the Navy Auditorium, all dishes were based on the main concept of the conference. Open. Connect. Balance. Every Thai dish is a fusion dish carefully designed through a variety of colors, smells and touches, ensuring that these exquisitely presented dishes delight APEC leaders, spouses and participants. Connect Thailand with the world This cooking is created by providing the best. Quality ingredients from the North Central, Eastern, North-East, and South Thailand is one of the most famous food lands in the world. The abundance and uniqueness of Thai produce and raw materials, Thailand is one of the leading food export economies and is known as the world's kitchen. Balancing the world and people through the use of raw materials from royal projects, community enterprises and local farms to encourage people and communities to become self-reliant. It will enhance the well-being of Thai people and their families while preserving the environment for the Sustainable Development Goals. "The government cares about the details and wants this meeting to have a positive impact on all citizens. Take every opportunity to present famous goodies from all regions. The Prime Minister advised on every detail of the event and wanted all Thais to participate in hosting this meeting together with the government."
Sorry, Drama. Leaf-dried kulau Fat Aunt Lean to buy real online, serve APEC leaders 2022|Clear Drama The kulau fish served at the APEC 2022 leaders' banquet is not from Tak Bai. The shop owner confirmed the actual order was made online yesterday (November 14). A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office revealed that according to the drama on social media, the "kulao tak bai fish menu" served at the APEC 2022 leaders' party was a fake kulau fish, not from Tak Bai district, Narathiwat province. The food served at the country's leadership gala dinner will be fusion, carefully designed by Chef Chumpol through a variety of colors, smells and touches. The selection of ingredients used in all dishes comes from reputable sources and excellent quality. If it is a product from the community, it must be a product that meets quality standards. Community Products 5 Dao in the case of dried kulau bai is used as an ingredient in the main course set to enhance the aroma in the sauce topped with fattened calves from Phonyangkham Cooperative. and 9 types of brown rice. The organizers purchased from "Salted Kulao Fish Dried Bai Pa Fat", which is a 5-star OTOP product, which other entrepreneurs did not know about here. We are convinced that the dried kulau fish, which has been carefully processed, has a unique taste. When fried, it has a pleasant aroma. The fluffy texture, mellow touch, melting in the tongue, and the unique taste will be able to build a wide reputation. To increase the income of local entrepreneurs, facebook has posted pictures and messages. "From the case of drama in the online world about fake kulau fish!! Pa Fat Tak Bai, which is a shop selling salted kulau fish, is the only one in Tak Bai district that meets the quality requirements that are suitable for reliable community products. On a 5-star scale, which was previously The officers purchased 1 amount of salted kulau fish. Even online orders are available because they are purchased tens of thousands of baht a day. In the last few days After the APEC news broke, the store did not catch up with the inspection, which confirmed that the government agency The agent ordered online, so there was an error among the vendors of salted kulau fish, dried leaves."
Ahh I don't know if Thais will watch the 2022 World Cup. Tell him, he doesn't discount it.|Prawit doesn't know if Thais will watch the 2022 World Cup. Pointing out the reason for not reducing the price to Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister said that it is unclear whether the Sports Authority of Thailand or the KGT should be contacted because he does not reduce the price when asked if there is a lack of money. Prawit said he did not lower the price. As for whether or not Thais will watch the World Cup. Prawit said he did not know.
So what?! The reporter asked "Big Fort". Will Thais watch the World Cup?|Earlier in the morning, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister gave an interview to the media. In the case of a cabinet meeting, there was a discussion of live broadcasts. The 2022 World Cup in Qatar was when asked if Thais would be able to watch the World Cup. When asked if the conclusion was clear, Prawit said, "The Sports Authority of Thailand (TAT) still needs to talk." When asked if there is still a lack of money to buy the rights to broadcast the 2022 World Cup and whether Thais will be able to watch it. Gen. Prawit reiterated that he did not know.
APEC 2022 Who's coming? Updated list of member leaders and special guests visiting Thailand|The 2022 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit will be held on Friday and Saturday (Nov. 18-19) at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. In Bangkok, it comes amid a series of conflicts in which some member economies and economies are involved, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine. The conflict across the Taiwan Strait has resulted in a distinction between the APEC summit and close attention to whether the leaders of certain economic zones will join Sanook.com Therefore, the list of government leaders or economic zones was updated and who did not attend, Mr. Yoon Seok-yeol, the president did not come, the representative of Han Dok-so, the prime minister, Mr. Justin Trudeau, the prime minister, came, Xi Jinping, the president, ma, Ms. Tsai Ing-wen, the president, did not come, and the representative of the founder, Mr. Morris Zhang. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Taiwan Semiconductor Co., Ltd. Manufacturing Public Company Limited Mr. Gabriel Borish President Ma Fumio Kishida, Prime Minister Ma Mrs. Jacinda Prime Minister Ardern Ma King Hassanal Bolkiah, king and prime minister, Ma James Marape, prime minister ma, Mr. Pedro. Gustiyo, the president, did not come. Erlicia Boluerte Secarra, Vice President, Mr. Ferdinand Marcos Junior President Ma Ismail Sabri Prime Minister Jacob did not come. Sookie Cabinet Secretary Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador did not come. Teyo, Ambassador to Thailand, Mr. Vladimir President Putin did not come, Representative Andre Belassaf, 1st Deputy Prime Minister, Nguyen Xuan Phuc, President Ma, Joe Biden, President did not come, Representative Kamala Harris, Vice President Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister Ma Anthony Albenese Prime Minister Ma Mr. Joko President Widodo Ma John Lee Chief Executive Officer Mahon Sen did not come, unknown representative Prince Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud Crown Prince Ma Emmanuel Macron, President Ma 
Australian Deputy Foreign Minister Confirmation of APEC-SIGNED MOU Thai Commerce|Australian Deputy Foreign Minister Tim Watts Preparing to visit Thailand During the Ministerial Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Meeting held in Bangkok, the visit was held in Bangkok. Mr. Watts will sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on economic cooperation strategy (SECA) with Mr. Sansert Samalapa. Assistant Secretary of Commerce to increase economic and trade cooperation between the two countries with the same week. "This week I will visit India and Thailand to strengthen bilateral relations and regional economic cooperation." Mr. Watts "The signing of the Memorandum of Understanding will increase economic and trade ties between Australia and Thailand."
APEC 2022 Schedule What do leaders and special guests discuss?|The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) 2022 was held in Bangkok. "Open. Connect. Balance." Therefore, what the leaders of the APEC member economies discussed, it is expected that they will not run away from the topic Sanook.com Therefore, let's take a look at the apec leaders' schedule of what to discuss. It is worth noting that this APEC summit took place after the COVID-19 pandemic, when demand for goods around the world surged to a shortage, causing inflation to rise. This problem is also aggravated by the geopolitical conflicts of many countries. In particular, the Russia-Ukraine war has caused food and energy prices to rebound, so many expect this forum, which focuses mainly on the economy, to discuss efforts to revive the APEC economy and develop it towards sustainability and environmental friendliness. The leaders of many major countries, especially Russia and the United States, have been very concerned. I didn't travel by myself. As a result, APEC is not a forum for dialogue to find a solution to the conflict, unlike the G20 meeting held just a few days earlier in Bali, Indonesia. Such a summit. Besides Joe Biden. The President of the United States will be present. Biden also held bilateral talks with Xi Jinping. Chinese President for 3 hours with the U.S. Presidential Office "The two leaders spoke candidly about the importance and willingness to address issues including Taiwan, the Russia-Ukraine War, the threat of nuclear weapons and North Korea," Biden and Xi reiterated. It also emphasizes this stance against the use or threat of nuclear weapons in Ukraine."
Private brewing 3 urgent issues for APEC leaders to revive SME-push free trade zones|Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) As Chairman of the APEC Business Advisory Council He said that today's private sector meeting will bring briefing information to APEC leaders to consider at the meeting as a reflection of how important the private sector is to put urgent measures in 21 economic zones, including economic recovery from the covid problem of the past 3 years, which has had a large impact on 21 SMEs. To drive the economy The plan is to develop the digital infrastructure to be equal in all countries. In this regard, Thailand is ready to be the top priority, including pushing digital finance to allow entrepreneurs, especially SMEs, to access more financing. This year has been challenging due to the acceleration of inflation. The country is addressing the problems that are causing rising energy prices, as well as climate change with more natural disasters and food impacts.
APEC 2022 Vietnamese President - Wife Arrives in Thailand Prayuth Pops Don Mueang|Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc, accompanied by his wife, Mrs. Chen Thi Nguyễn Thạt Thu, arrived at Military Airport 2 Squadron 6 (On.6), Don Mueang, Bangkok on Wednesday (Nov. 16). Vietnam's president is scheduled to attend the 2022 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit. This Friday and Saturday (Nov. 18-19), this arrival There is the Prime Minister of Thailand. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha, accompanied by his wife, Mrs. Naraporn Chan-ocha, and Mr. Don Parramattawiai, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs. After disembarking, a book was handed out, and the leaders of both countries and their spouses took photos together to commemorate Vietnam as one of the 21 APEC member economies.
A government spokesman said: Director. APEC world-class Thailand|Ms. Tipanan Sirichana A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said on Thursday (Nov. 17) that Mrs. Rebecca Stamaria had been arrested. The Director of the APEC Secretariat said at the APEC Senior Officials Meeting that Thailand's logistics and facilities are world-class (dok level) and the arrangements are excellent, deputy spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said. Ms. Stamaria's remarks praised Thailand for taking care of the attendees to ensure their safety while traveling and due to the spread of COVID-19, the government has implemented several safety measures for APEC 2022 attendees, one of which is the closure of Ratchadapisek Road from Asoke Montri Junction to Khlong Toei Intersection, which is the road that cuts in front of the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, where the meeting is held, and the closure of the Queen Sirikit Center MRT station. From all over the world to be able to organize in Thailand, which will stimulate the country's economy.
Asoke mob asks for APEC Sirikit Center, hoping to inform world leaders of state disregard for people's rights|Anti-government protesters at Asoke Montri intersection, intersection of Sukhumvit Road and Ratchadapisek Road The announcement was made at 1 p.m. Thursday (Nov. 17). The protesters claimed that they had coordinated with APEC representatives to submit the letter, and that no more than five representatives had entered the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, but the police did not allow them to enter during the rally. One protest leader said the reason for the rally and handing over the letter to APEC representatives was because of the thai government's past. Under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, he has never responded to the demands of the three protesters, including Prayuth's resignation from the post of prime minister and the drafting of a new people's constitution. Some protesters also held placards demanding other issues, such as ending the APEC meeting because they viewed it as encouraging large capital groups. This has led to neglect of human rights issues in the country.
Anutin insisted. Never invited a demonstration to move the Sob Bhumjaithai Party.|Mr. Anutin Charnveerkul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health As the leader of the Bhumjaithai Party He revealed on Thursday (Nov. 17) that he had never invited Mr. Sathit Patutecha. Deputy Minister of Health and Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party Move to Bhumjaithai Party "Never thought of flirting, not daring to flirt. He was the deputy leader of the party. You already have a long future in the Democratic Party, why are we going to pull you up, because the Bhumjaithai Party has a lot of talented people, there is no right place for you? This story is completely baseless. "The revelations came after Mr. Sathit gave an interview and reporters questioned whether the Bhumjaithai party leader had ever invited him to move the party. 
Protesters were arrested and five injured in rubber bullets.|Mob stops APEC, marches to Queen Sirikit Center, worries about officers' strength Standing guard with shields and batons today (November 18, 2022), Ms. Pasralee Thanakitwiboonphol or Mind, the organizer of APEC 2022, revealed that the march will begin no later than 8.30 a.m. Therefore, the media will be asked to keep an eye on the issues of the villagers in each region because they do not want this rally to be just a call. I would like to make a presentation on the resources so that these issues are forwarded in the public media in the section of the route to have a route team to take care of the way, as there were many officers around the town square last night. Therefore, the route was changed to suit the villagers' walking and the other part was that the asoke junction was quite intensive in organizing the rally, so we had to close the route as a secret. I'd like to wait and see where we go now, what we're worried about is the force of the officers. The crowd control officers lined up with shields and batons. We also insist that our movement is still ongoing. We will have negotiations to open the way to reduce clashes as much as possible. At 10:30 a.m., reporters reported that 5 protesters were arrested and 1 injured after being shot with rubber bullets. The police asked them to stop the protest and go back. The protesters insisted they would remain. Today, it's not going to be a distraction, it's just to hand over the letter and ask the police to open the way.
Xi Jinping ignores Prayuth after extending his hand to shakehands|A very embarrassing moment happened to Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister of Thailand at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) 2022 Prayuth extends his hand to Xi Jinping Chinese President Jean-Chad Shakehand, but Xi ignored it and walked away until Prayuth turned to the side and used that hand to hold his nose. Gen Prayuth handed it over to grab, but in the clip, Xi can be seen turning to look at his hand. Gen. Prayuth, then, did not shake hands. Prayuth can also be seen as avoiding the spread of COVID-19, but may contradict xi jinping's image. Shake hands with Indonesian President Joko Widodo A few days earlier at the G20 summit, and even Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Xi went on to reveal the discussions to the media. Xi also shook hands after he finished. It was noticed that there was another shyness in the clip because of Mrs. Peng Liyuan. The Chinese leader's wife raised her hand to pay homage. Prayuth and Mrs. Naraporn Chan-ocha, however, seemed to be not seen by both the Thai prime minister and his wife at first, but a few seconds later, Mrs. Naraporn raised her hand in response. But it is not known whether Mrs. Pengtan saw it or not. There are correspondents of the German news agency. Handelblatt by the name of Matias. The video was viewed more than 900,000 times late Friday (Nov. 18).
Police fired rubber bullets. The protesters broke their eye sockets, claiming to be following the law. After the policeman was hit with a third stick.|The spokesperson for the He said police needed to enforce the law against the protesters. People stop APEC 2022 for violating the law, causing chaos, and destroying government property. Assaulted officers today (November 18, 2022) at 10.30 a.m. A spokesperson for the APEC 2022 Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic said: "On November 18, 2022, at approximately 8:50 a.m., a group of people stopped APEC 2022 at the town square, and about 350 protesters marched to the APEC meeting in violation of the terms and conditions. Samranrat Police Station has order no. 115/2565 dated 17 November 2022. Set the knot An order to march or move the assembly with a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both. The representatives were aware of the announcement, but the protesters refused to comply, so the police needed to use force to defend themselves and arrest the perpetrators. 10 people were killed in violation of the conditions and other criminal offences, and 5 police officers were injured. Using stones and sticks to beat, throwing objects at officers, and destroying government and police property. Implying intent to commit violence There was unrest among police officers who secured legal security in accordance with their authority, trying to avoid the use of force. Talk, understand all parties. If there is a need to use force, use as little force as possible, suitable for the situation. In the case of the use of rubber bullets of police officers, which are devices according to the police notification, the officers use the equipment to protect themselves from those who will attack the officers and to arrest the offenders who fight, obstruct and physically assault the officers, all in accordance with the law, according to tactics, to ensure order and in accordance with security measures, maintaining order. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, urged the police to follow the tactics and the law to ensure order and ask all police officers to perform their duties with safety.
A government spokesman clarified that Xi did not shake Prayuth's hand. Citing COVID avoidance measures|Anucha Burapchaisri, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office, told foreign media that he had asked about Xi Jinping's photo. President of China He seemed to refuse to shake his hand. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister said that Chinese authorities had previously informed him that he would not touch hands or give gifts, and that Chinese authorities would ask to attend a small group meeting. Avoid multi-party meetings as Chinese authorities tighten covid-19 restrictions.
Clear picture! Chinese leader joins hands with Japanese prime minister in Bangkok to discuss economic cooperation|Xi Jinping President of China Shake hands with Mr. Fumio Kishida Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday (Nov. 17) that the two leaders were attending the 2022 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit in Bangkok. Environmentally friendly development the financial sector, healthcare and aged care, and the stabilization of supply chains and industries."  China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said. Citing Xi's remarks, Xi said China wants both sides to treat each other sincerely and should look at each other as partners and not as a threat. Thailand's prime minister held out a similar hand to Xi, but he turned a blind eye and walked away, which was later claimed by a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office, Anucha Burapchaisri, because Chinese authorities stressed avoiding the spread of COVID-19.
Many APEC leaders have condemned Russia's war efforts, dragging on the global economy.|The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders' meeting issued a joint statement on Friday (Nov. 18) containing a paragraph that said leaders from most APEC countries condemned the war in Ukraine. He reiterated that the war has caused great suffering to human beings and intensified the vulnerability that already exists in the global economy, hindering growth, increasing inflation, disrupting supply chains. It underscores the lack of energy and food security and increases the risk to financial stability," the paragraph said. "Even though we have different views and assessments on this situation and sanctions, even acknowledging that APEC is not a platform for solving security problems, we recognize that security issues can have a huge impact on the global economy," Fumio said. Kishida Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the war was hampered by efforts to revive the region's economy and the world after the covid-19 pandemic. Japan opposes the use of nuclear weapons or threatens to use them in the war with Emmanuel Macron. French President Emmanuel Macron, who was a special guest, described Russia's invasion of Ukraine as an aggression against international rules and urged APEC leaders to respect international law and diversity for world peace and stability.
"Can" slam the mob in front of the world during APEC, hijack "Pitha-Rome" as a good politician.|"Can" squeaked the nationalists, trying to clash violently, hoping to humiliate the whole world. Mr. Can Jainchaijitvanich, a former assistant minister of justice, said that hosting APEC 2022 is a good opportunity to benefit Thailand. List MP, the leader of the far-right party, who stated that the masses who moved because they wanted to take a picture with the leader, wanted to ask back if the whole country wanted to take some photos. Because if you love the country, you will have to put out political conflicts, Mr. Can said, "The principle of democracy is that all people have equal rights and freedoms. But there must be no conflict or chaos. Is it too selfish for Mr. Pitha to say this? Because the whole country is a good host, but some people are trying to cause violent clashes so that the picture can go out to the world that Thailand is in turmoil. Today, we should look at the big picture of the country, such as the economy. But there are still those who want to sell the nation. "APEC is a big stage with 21 special economic zones with one-third of the world's population. Thailand is about to open a platform for trading, investing, bringing money into the country. Build the economy The whole country is ready to cooperate in hosting the meeting and the benefits fall to the nation and the people, but only a fraction of the people are causing chaos, with politicians behind it, inciting violence," said Mr. Can. Today, Mr. Pitha and Mr. Rangsiman Rome should come out and blame the students for not acting as good Thais. Thailand provides a lot of freedom of expression. A lot of social media says it anywhere. Everyone can hear it, but it's not right to go out and clash with the police, destroy government property.
"Suchart" pointed out the government is senseless. Police attacked the PA in front of APEC leaders.|"Suchart" pointed to this APEC meeting. The Thai government was senseless, taking a large number of police officers to assault people. In front of the eyes of world leaders and foreign journalists, former Finance Minister Suchart Thadathamrongvej said the government was cowardly and unintelligent. Made a lot of mistakes. In leading an army of police officers to assault students. People peacefully expressed their disapproval of the APEC meeting and opposed the coup d'état by the Thai prime minister. Leaders are elected by the people. There is a constitution that protects rights and freedoms. People can rally to express their disagreement. to government policies and actions; World leaders know and understand the rights and freedoms of the people. A large number of police officers attacked students. People protesting without weapons is against the Thai constitution, which is considered the fault of the government. The use of rubber bullets to shoot people is considered an act that exceeds the cause, causing many injuries to many people. Even foreign journalists were injured by the Thai government's devastating actions against the people. In front of the eyes of world leaders attending the meeting, it was the lighthearted cowardice of Thai leaders that showed the true element of authoritarianism that leaders around the world do not accept. Such an approach would make the Thai government disgusted by the global society, destroy the image and culture of the country, and destroy the Thai tourism industry. Instead, it turned out to be very damaging to the government and the image of Thailand. He urged the Thai government to immediately remove the police force and allow students to express their opinions in accordance with the rights and freedoms contained in the Thai Constitution. At least it might preserve the look of Thailand.
The police chief is satisfied with the overall picture. Ask for time to check the knot, the protesters were shot in the eye sockets.|APEC Media Center Inspector General Says He Satisfied With The Security Of The Leader Tell me to check before the protesters are shot in the eye sockets. Stating that the media must help themselves because they like to be on the front lines - I don't know which country is like this. 15 officers were seriously injured, 1 Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, inspected the media center on the LG floor of the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center and spoke about security in the APEC event area. It is expected that by noon today will complete the mission of the leaders' meeting. At the moment, everything is still considered in order. The authorities controlled the protesters yesterday. Gen. Damrongsak said the procedures were in accordance with the spokesman's instructions. The Metropolitan Police Command has declared every step of the way that assembly is a constitutional right to assemble. However, to move outside the assembly area, the protesters must be informed, which the NCPO has conditional, which is feared to be unsafe and related to the image of the country during the leader's arrival. Instead, there is an attempt to walk and the path to go is randomly directed towards the Queen Sirikit Center. The police may have been holding back at various points and incidents, according to the police spokesman, and will continue to investigate all the facts for today's news. Will there be more protesters? Gen. Damrongsak said there is currently no need for additional deployments. Because according to the Assembly Act, there must be a notification 24 hours before the assembly, if suddenly it is the power of the local authorities to consider and look at the conditions. The police chief said he would like to check the details again because he has not received a definitive report. There were also reports of 15 police officers being injured, one of whom was in serious condition and was hospitalized. The rest have already taken the medicine home. While there were some injuries to the protesters, some media outlets issued statements condemning them. The incident was attacked by officers wearing the armband. He said: "The matter of the media has been referred to the Civil Court. The court gave the media a way of organizing it. And it must be admitted that in the latter, sometimes, for example, at the Din Daeng intersection, the press is even more numerous than the protesters. And the press is trying to stay in front of the mob, which makes it difficult to work, and I'm not sure if other countries have it. He reiterated that if there is a reaction between the protesters and the authorities. The press will also have to help themselves. Be careful because it is difficult to control and leave to sympathize with the authorities as there are a lot of media and YouTubers. Which is not in line and is not informed. When there is a major event, it can go wrong. It must be on site to determine who is guilty or whether they have to go to the police station to investigate when publishing images of officers. The police provoked the protesters by making a mocking face. The Police Commissioner stated that he had not seen the picture and if it was true, he would have to enforce the legal framework proportionately and logically, but perhaps the actual work site is not 100% that the whole picture. The protesters were detained at the Two-Room Thung Police Station. The police chief said he had received almost all of the reports of being released on bail last night, leaving only some of the leaders. The police chief said he was pleased because it was a big event that would be held once in a while. If there is no violent insurgency, we assume that it can pass well. I'm glad to be part of the Security and Traffic Subcommittee, which, overall, hasn't done any damage to leaders. As for whether we can control everything well or not, we have to let others evaluate it.
Chachachat" regretted the injured in the protests, proposing bangkok as an intermediary to listen to opinions from all parties.|Chatchachart regretted the injured from the protests, reiterated the expression as a fundamental right, took lessons learned, proposed Bangkok as a mediator, arranged for representatives to come to hear from all parties today (November 19, 2022). Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok, livestreamed via Facebook Chatchat Sittiphan during a jogging session at Lumpini Park. Ahead of the start of the jogging, Mr. Chatchat mentioned the clashes between police officers and APEC 2022 stop groups on Pencil Road. As the protesters moved to the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, the venue for the APEC 2022 meeting, he said: "We regret the events that happened yesterday, which left people injured in the protests. Actually, expression is a fundamental right, you have to look in detail to see if someone has overdone it, it is evidence that the authorities have to look at next. It's a normal duty because there are already a lot of people walking around, but the main evidence is the video cameras, which I think there are dozens of cameras. The concern is that there are two younger siblings: a Reuters reporter with bleeding eyes and a man with a lot of bleeding in one eye. At first I heard the news that I was blind, but at 4 a.m. I checked to the deputy governor of Bangkok who was in charge of the matter. I'm checking if anyone is being treated in the hospital. This is in the injured section. As for those who have been prosecuted by the police, they have coordinated with the police. Maj. Gen. Adit, advisor to the Governor of Bangkok, on how can we help? We will have to look at the situation for a while, but try to take care of the people involved, Mr. Chatchachart said, adding that we will have to revisit whether bangkok can do better. One thing we might be able to do better next time is that we set up a gathering space, but this time the protesters want to communicate with the people who come to the meeting. I would like to send a message to the staff who came to the meeting. Instead, we let him walk to the meeting. We might have to arrange for representatives from the congregation to hear from the protesters. Is there no need to travel, but we arrange representatives to come or meet with each other by Bangkok as an intermediary, can we arrange to meet each other, this may help reduce the need to move out more, or alternatively, can we arrange representatives of protesters to meet with representatives of those who come to the meeting? This could be where we can improve. Bangkok would have to improve as a mediator. It's all a lesson to improve. It's sad that there were casualties, but overall in general, apart from the incidents of clashes on Pencil Road. There's nothing to worry about, it's encouraging for everyone. As I said, I'm worried about everyone, bangkok is trying to take action. The link between the protesters and those attending the meeting may serve as an intermediary for the next time or on the next occasion. Instead of letting him travel, we brought in representatives to meet. 
SUPER Poll Reveals  People supporting "Anutin" uphold marijuana policy|SUPER Poll People supporting "Anutin" Choo marijuana policy see political games being blocked, kicking legs, people losing benefits. Dr. Noppadol Kannika, Director of Super Poll Research Office (SUPER POLL), presented the results of the survey on marijuana and kick-amputation. Case studies of people from all walks of life nationwide 1,226 samples were taken between November 15-18, 2022. Political groups, both Thai and foreign, lost interest from the Proud Thai Party's health marijuana policy, with 77.8 percent believing there was a movement, while 22.2 percent did not believe that there was. 81.3 per cent were aware of this, while 18.7 per cent did not. There is a point of agreement with the Bhumjaithai Party about making cannabis for the benefit of the villagers. People, small and small people, the foundation level of society benefited. 59.9 percent agreed moderately, 20.5 percent disagreed, and 19.6 percent disagreed. If today is Election Day, more than half of them will be found. 57.8 per cent are highly likely to choose the Bhumjaithai Party, followed by 17.3 per cent as moderate and 24.9 per cent with little or no possibility.
The Prime Minister made a statement of success. Thailand hosts 29th APEC|The Prime Minister proudly announced the success of Thailand's hosting of APEC 2022, announcing the success of the BCG economic concept as the driving engine. Confirming the results according to 3 criteria "Openness, relationship, coherence, balance"General Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and Minister of Defense held a press conference as chairman of the APEC Economic Zone. The Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister acts as a spokesperson for the Prime The prime minister said: His Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen received apec leaders with their spouses and special guests at the Chakri Maha Prasat Throne Hall in the Grand Palace yesterday evening. Bringing joy to the participants and all Thais, the Prime Minister said that the 29th APEC Leaders' Meeting ended with a spectacular success. APEC must stand up for the growth and future of the Asia-Pacific region. Last week, Thailand welcomed a delegation of leaders. More than 5,000 attendees and foreign media attended the meeting for the first time in four years for APEC leaders to meet face-to-face. In addition to providing a platform for dialogue between leaders. He also exchanged views with special guests, the President of France and the Crown Prince and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia. Leaders have spoken to the private sector. In consultation with the APEC Business Advisory Council, the Prime Minister also listened to the views of APEC Youth Representatives from APEC Voices of the Future 2022. The Prime Minister and apec economic zone leaders have endorsed the APEC Leaders' Declaration 2022, which works throughout the year with the concept of bioeconomy-circular economy-green economy or BCG economic concept as the driving engine. Under the main theme "Openness, relationships, coherence, balance", there are results. As follows:1. "Open and Build Relationships" APEC continues discussions on the Asia-Pacific FTAAP, the concrete work of which is to create a continuous roadmap to increase the capacity of its members and prepare for new trade and investment issues.2. All APEC leaders have endorsed the "Bangkok Goals on BCG Economy", laying the foundation for a bangkokgoals.apec.org comprehensive, sustainable and environmentally friendly economy in the Asia-Pacific region. I have handed over this duty to the United States to host APEC in 2023. Inclusive and sustainable growth in the Asia-Pacific region  
Anon's lawyer filed a complaint against the accused. Use violence to disperse the mob.|Anon's lawyer reports wrongdoing to police Violence breaks up protests Rung Panusya Come to support at Samranrat Police Station today (November 19, 2022) Ms. Panusya Sittijirawatnakul (Rung) The leader of the rat group came to samranrat police station to give encouragement. Advocate Anon Nampa File a grievance against the accused. Crowd control officers at all levels who were involved in violence broke up the street protests. As a result, many people were injured. On Nov. 18, Ms. Panusya said she did not think there would be violence. One person was injured and blind, despite the good care of the police. During the meeting, foreign leaders came to the APEC meeting, but in the eyes of the police, they did not look at it that way. I'm not sure what he thinks of us too much, which is a human rights issue. "With the person who was shot to the point of blindness, I don't understand why crowd control police officers have to use so much emotion to perform their duties. He believed that the inside of the police was not here to hit the people, perhaps from the order, but asked for judgment to act to prevent such incidents from happening again." Accusations against the Police Commissioner Use force to attack protesters and the media. Many people were injured, especially by storm, who may have lost their eyes. However, it will prosecute anyone at the operational level up to the supervisor or any other person involved. There are both clips and images as evidence. Ask other victims to take legal action. Acknowledging concerns that the officers might help each other, he said good police are still present, said Dr. Tosaporn Serirak, a former deputy secretary-general of the Prime Minister's Office. A former spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said he visited the storm and the injured came. It is currently not recovering from asphyxiation. Upon inquiring, the doctor who performed the treatment learned that there was a torn eye muscle. The head of the eye is torn. The organs in the eyeball come out completely. Another person with a fractured right eye socket, a broken tooth and mouth wounds, and several people were injured. The heaviest storm is that it does not recognize the light in any way, it is considered serious injury. Three people have already lost their souls, another dismemberment has been requested and the assembly has read a statement. He said the authoritarian government did not have to amplify the violence at the APEC meeting, and that police officers used bullets to fire weapons in a frenzy. The state uses violence as usual. Violating international agreements, political and civil rights insisted, no protesters destroyed the APEC meeting. They just want to hear the opinions of the protesters and call on the security forces. They who have been abused may be relatives. Friends, who are also human beings, who are all acting on the orders of dictators, cannot be turned into bad people, believing that they can stand with the people to create a future. 
Eastern people support "Ung-ing" sitting prime minister like shinawatra family work "Pitha" brace second|Nidapol Eastern people support "Ung-ing" sitting prime minister Like the work of shinawatra family "Pitha" second MP elected for Thailand "Nidapol" National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA) The survey of people aged 18 and over and eligible to vote in the Eastern Region was revealed. A survey conducted between November 7-10, 2022, when asked about who the eastern people would support to be prime minister today, found that 25.09 percent identified as Ms. Paethongthan (Ung-Inc.) Shinawatra (Pheu Thai Party) because they wanted a new generation to run the country. While 16.64 per cent said they liked the shinawatra family's performance, 16.64 per cent identified as Pitha Limcharoenrat (Far-Right Party) because of the new generation. Have a vision, love the policies of the party, go further. While 13.64 per cent said they liked the party's ideology, 13.64 per cent said they were honest and honest and wanted to run the country continuously and had management experience, while 13.09 per cent said they could not find the right person, while 8.50 per cent said they were "straightforward". Be honest and like the way it works for political parties that people in the East are likely to choose as constituency MPs. 33.68% said they were the 2nd party, 19.29% said it was the Far-Right Party, 15.79% said they were undecided, 10.14% said it was the Pracharat Party, 6.95% said it was the Democrat Party. 10.00% identified as the Pracharat Party, 5% 7.30% identified as the Democrat Party.
"Chatchachat", a mob in the city, coordinates with the police throughout. Happy to check it out.|Chatchachat Jang, about the mob in the city, is coordinating with the police 24/7. You're welcome to investigate if you're wrong, punish it today (November 20, 2022). Mr. Chatchat Sittipan, Governor of Bangkok After the activity, plant trees to provide green space and dust filtering walls. Bang Kapi district that mob matters are also seen as commonplace, bangkok tries to do its best. There is a space for people to express themselves. A stage was set up at the town square. As for the clashes that took place, it is regrettable that there were casualties on both sides. Both the police department and the people's department. As for the procedure, I have to go into more detail. It remains to be seen what happens until there is a collision or injury, so it will be a lesson to continue to improve. "I believe it's good to open the town square, we've always had conversations, we're not doing it ourselves, we're always talking to the police department, which I think is a good thing for people to have a space to express themselves and not get involved in meetings." He continued: "Bangkok is not allowed to stay overnight, but in the same way people come, if we are going to push it out, there may be an impact on the meeting. We didn't allow it, but we didn't push it out because we were afraid that the protesters would go somewhere else, which is a consideration, depending on the case. One thing we might be able to do better next time is that we set up a gathering space, but this time the protesters wanted to communicate with the people who came to the meeting. I would like to send a message to the staff who came to the meeting. Instead, we let him walk to the meeting. We might have to arrange for representatives from the congregation to hear from the protesters. That is, we do not have to travel, but we arrange representatives or meet with bangkok as an intermediary. "We have already discussed plans for the use of police and security strategies. Everyone agrees that this is a good spot away from the main meeting. The journey wasn't very difficult, I consulted all the time, I accepted all the comments that I disagreed with, which we couldn't please everyone."
"Rangsiman" prosecuted the case. C.F. Hurting the media and the public|"Rangsiman" Call for prosecution C.F. Hurting the media and the public Rangsiman Rome, a spokesman for the far-right party, said the breakdown of the APEC people's rally was a "major concern" for the group in relation to natural resources and the environment. The dispersal of the protests was so violent against the protesters that it led to the arrest of 25 protesters and some of those who were injured and had to be treated at the hospital. There have also been cases of mayhem by officers to journalists who have been involved in local journalism, such as the case of The Matter journalists being assaulted by crowd control police and making verbal statements in a way that is emotionally draining even though the journalists wear clear media armbands and tell the authorities that they are the media, the case of citizen journalists The Isaan Record being physically assaulted by the police and arrested despite telling the authorities that they are the media, cases where Reuters journalists were thrown glass bottles from behind police shields and injured in the eyes. These unbelievable acts of violence committed by Thais against Thais are unprecedented, and the party urges the police to investigate the matter. To find people involved in the assault on people. Don't let the bad guys get away with it, and stop using the law to bully people. The charges against the public must be dismissed. This proposal is not just for police officers.  But this includes prosecutors who have the power to order non-prosecution. The police have the authority to: Section 142 of the Criminal Code provides for the prosecutor not to prosecute. The public prosecutor has the power under Section 143 to issue a non-prosecution order. Finally, the government should listen to the people. Power should not be allowed to harm the people as it is. In addition, I, as the Law Commissioner of the House of Representatives, would like to take the case of the dissolution of this assembly, as well as other violations of rights during the APEC meeting, into consideration in KMT. Urgently.
Vishnu languished. P.P.S. There is no authority to pull marijuana back as a drug.|Mr. Vishnu Groupam The Deputy Prime Minister said on Monday (November 21) that the Narcotics Control Board (PSC) has issued a statement. There is no power to pull back marijuana as a drug, and it is impossible to pull it back, the Deputy Prime Minister said. He reiterated that the P.P.S. There is no right to amend or veto the Ministry of Health's announcement, but to reintroduce marijuana as a drug requires another platform, Mr. Vishnu told the meeting. The P.P.S. will take place on Tuesday (Nov. 22) that the Cabinet will give the P.P.S. It only helps to review the ministry's announcements on issues that the Cabinet suspects, such as the recent announcement of the new regulation of cannabis inflorescences, which will be clarified by the Department of Thai Traditional Medicine at a later date. When will it be published in the Government Gazette?
Senate holds referendum on new constitution Set up a commissioner to study first.|The Senate voted on Monday (November 21) to set up a general committee to study the referendum to ask the people whether a new constitution should be drawn up. Many senators are concerned that holding a referendum on the draft constitution may take a long time, so the 2017 constitution should be amended individually instead. Claiming that some MPs who did not agree to the referendum but had to vote for it because they did not want to be criticized for obstructing the creation of a new constitution, Mr Somchai Sawang said the urgent proposal of the House of Representatives to the Senate was "unconstitutional". Without clarifying the persuasive reasons why the referendum should be held, Gen. Lertrat Rattanavanich commented that the questions of the mover to hold the referendum, namely Mr. Natthapong Ruangpanyawut, MP of the Far Forward Party, and Mr. Chulaphan Amornwiwat, MP of Chiang Mai Province. The Pheu Thai Party, which said it "Do you agree that Thailand should create an entirely new constitution in place of the current 2017 constitution by the Constitution Drafting Council?" is too broad and makes it impossible to see what the new constitution will look like. He said he was concerned that the referendum would take a long time and that if the Senate approved it, he did not believe the government would be able to hold a general election in time. Mr. Chalermchai Fuengkon said that the 2017 Constitution is a constitution that has been widely criticized, so it should be urgently prepared by the people, who have the power to establish the constitution. And we shouldn't delay the time to propose the appointment of an Extraordinary Commissioner, but we don't know how many months and when it will be. We're in another year and a half and we're supposed to be involved in the creation of a new constitution." Mr Chalermchai said: "You really don't have to study the constitution, we've been here for 3 years that we know all about which sections are which. You study it, there's nothing new. I'm just going to delay it."
In order for Thailand to accept Thap Aom Skawjai to the Bangkok Congress, but still waiting for a response.|Mrs. Puangphet Chunprab The chairman of the Bangkok Area Political Coordination Committee of the Pheu Thai Party said on Tuesday (Nov. 22). It is admitted that the Pheu Thai Party has approached the famous actor Aom-Skawjai Poonsawat to run for the House of Representatives (MP) in Bangkok and is currently in the process of making a decision. He said the reason for approaching Aom Skawjai was because the actor was knowledgeable and close to members of the Pheu Thai Party and adhered to the principles of democracy, which is the same approach as the party. Pheu Thai Party leader and MP Nan jointly launched candidates for Bangkok MP 9 more districts have been added. The Pheu Thai Party has launched 15 candidates for the Bangkok MP, resulting in the launch of 24 of the 33 constituencies, Mr Cholnan said. Before entering the central committee of the party, the leader of the Party for Thailand acknowledged that the Bangkok area had a large number of protesters. Those who have passed these selections have been carefully considered. All-rounder is knowledgeable. Ability to have a good understanding of the problems and needs of the people in the area. Under the party's core policy strategy, that is the selling point. Responding to the problems of all groups of people and candidates who will adopt the party's policies to communicate with the people, including the Prime Minister of the Pheu Thai Party, who is a knowledgeable person. Capable of driving policy realization, Mr. Cholnan said the election will be a strategic one. And the people give confidence to the Party for Thailand, not divided. Ask the people to choose for Thailand to land slides in all areas.
Police Report "Prayuth" and Xi Jinping share social media|Police Report Prayuth and Xi Jinping are wrong. The COMP published false information at 11:30 a.m. Nov 2022) at The Central Bureau of Investigation Police Report Center Mr. Sonthiya Sawasdee, Former Counselor, Chairman of the Law, Justice and Human Rights Commission House of Representatives Travel to meet R.T.A. Ratchapol Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) 3 kg. Report the case to the police. The Police Department is investigating the owner of the Twitter account that published the montage. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister Wearing a normal white dress, sitting on the floor while attending the vigil, there was a montage of Xi Jinping. The President of the People's Republic of China sits on a chair with the message "Pooh Ka Blue Dog". Inflict damage To the leaders of both countries and the honor of the leaders of both countries, it is the introduction of falsehoods into the online communication system Twitter to prosecute the case under Section 14(2) and (3) of the Computer Crime Act. Initially, the investigating officer interrogated and gathered evidence and submitted it to the investigating department for further investigation, and the report was submitted to the supervisor for further consideration.
Bangkok delays payment of green line debt Focus on ordinance-council approval|Mr. Vishnu Sapsompol Deputy Governor of Bangkok It said on Tuesday (Nov. 22) that Bangkok There is no intention to delay the repayment of the green line project, the Deputy Governor of Bangkok Mahanakorn. Explaining the repayment of such debts in parts, starting from extension 1 (On Nut-Bearing, Taksin Bridge-Wongwian Yai, Wongwian Yai-Bang Wa) that there are negotiations for Bangkok Mass Transit System (BTS) Public Company Limited. Wage burden After a military coup d'état issued in November 2016, the government issued a decree in 2016. Apr 2019 Regarding the resolution of the Green Line, the debt of Extension 1 is pending an appeal against interest charges because of the contract between Bangkok and Bangkok Thanakom (KT). Therefore, katy should hire a financial advisor to check and reconsider the wages to be accurate and true. This may result in the debt balance changing to not match what BTS is suing. Mr. Vishnu mentioned extension No. 2 (Bearing-Kheha Samut Prakan, Mochit-Saphan Mai-Khukot) that the memorandum dated July 28, 2016 is incomplete because clause 133 of this memorandum states that "this memorandum does not result in the 'Company' (KT) being an agent or employee of Bangkok". Any budget approval must therefore be completed in accordance with the Bangkok Mahanakorn Act and must be passed by the Bangkok Council.
Is the House preparing to debate 7 laws, keeping an eye on the marijuana bill, voting on it in time for today?|The House is preparing to consider 7 laws, keeping an eye on the marijuana bill, voting in time for today. Speaker of the House of Representatives A meeting is scheduled for 9:30 a.m. today (November 23, 2022). It was later opened for members to discuss public grievances in accordance with the convention regulations. Then, the committee has completed consideration of 7 issues, including: In addition, there are 8 urgent agenda items proposed by the Cabinet, such as:
Prayuth sneered, "Consider it." Knott was tapped into the Thai Unity Party to build a nation.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister and defence minister said on Wednesday (Nov 23) that they were considering it after being approached by the Thai National Unity Party as a member of the party." Speaking during the opening ceremony of the 21 ASEAN Veterans' Union General Assembly at centara Grand Central Plaza Ladprao Hotel in Bangkok, Gen. Prayuth also said he was not a member of such a political party as it had previously circulated, but that doesn't mean the former soldier has refused as well in recent months. It was reported that Mr. Seksakol Atthawong, known to many as Rambo Isan, founded the party. Amid the news that there were differences of opinion on the direction of the government administration and the ruling People's Democratic Party( Between Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister parted in this latest move at Prayuth, who is considering joining the Thai National Unity Party, has come under fire with the news that Mr. Thamnas has been arrested. - Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Phayao and other MPs of the Thai Economic Party may move back to the Pracharath Power Party. After separating from the conflict between Mr. Thamnas and Gen. Prayuth.
Twitterers flocked to tag #สมรสเท่าเทียมเท่านั้น Hopefully, the bill passes 2-3.|A number of Users of the Thai Twitter site posted their support for a bill that would allow people of all genders to marry equally. Pass the 2nd and 3rd agendas of the House of Representatives, with the hashtag #สมรสเท่าเทียมเท่านั้นร่างกฎหมายแก้ไขประมวลกฎหมายแพ่งและพาณิชย์, also known as the Equal Marriage Bill. It is expected to go to a hearing in the House of Representatives on Wednesday (Nov. 23), not Thursday (Nov. 24). The order of deliberations was followed by the companion bill. It hopes to give diverse gender groups the right to set up families together, but also to give them fewer rights than the previous Equal Marriage Bill, the Equal Marriage Bill passed in the legislative session, or Agenda 1, with 210 votes to 180 votes on June 15, while Agenda 2, which will go into consideration in the House of Representatives, will be a consideration of how each section is approved or amended. Agenda 3 is to vote again on whether to endorse the bill. If the majority approves it, it will be sent to the Senate for further consideration. Many parties echoed concerns about such possibilities, such as the government's failure to let the Equal Marriage Bill, proposed by the opposition Congress Party, pass easily, especially near such elections, or even that support may not be enough from MPs who are concerned about religion, or if it passes from the House of Representatives, it may have to fight again on the Senate floor, which is often conservative, even though Thailand is seen as open to the expression of diverse genders, but the rights guarantees are still small compared to many developed Asian countries that have only one territory that supports marriages of same-sex couples, Namely Taiwan, which has granted equal marriage rights since 2019. 
The council is down! Less than half of the congressional districts were closed, while discussing local impeachment laws.|Mr. Chuan Wang President of the House of Representatives Announcing the closure of the meeting midway through. On Wednesday (Nov. 23) While considering a bill to remove a local councillor or local administrator, the bill considers Section 9 as a way to remove whether the nomination should be used, according to the commissioner by majority, or whether the people of the affected electoral districts should vote on whether to remove. According to the Minority Commissioner, the majority agreed that the method of entry should be used, according to the Commissioner of The Majority, after which the Bill was added to Section 9/1 by the Minority Commissioner, mr. Chuan asked for a quorum to be counted, and after more than half of the delegates, a vote was given on whether to approve it with the Minority Commissioner. It found that 163 votes to 75 were in favour while Mr Chuan was about to speak for consideration of Section 9/2. The Democrat, the commissioner who developed the bill, said many senators were confused by the questions Mr. Chuan asked a moment ago, so they wanted a new resolution. But Mr Chuan said he had asked clearly and the resolution came out as such, said Mr. Chaturong Pengnarapat, MP for Thailand, Sisaket Party for Thailand, commented that Mr Chuan should ask if he agreed with the majority commissioner as he had always done. Asked whether agreeing with the minority vote was actually confusing, Mr Chuan called a new quorum. In order to ask the MP whether the new resolution should be passed, there are several MPs, one of whom is Mr. Chulpun Amornwiwat, MP for Chiang Mai Province. The Party for Thailand said that if recounted, it would create a new norm on whether or not a resolution could be voted on by the President of the House of Representatives. He explained that sometimes the vote can be confusing, but not often. And this is the first time in nearly four years that this House of Representatives has served. It was not a vote to argue with the resolution that had already been passed, but merely wanted to inquire whether the MP wanted to vote on a new resolution, so he called a quorum, but found that the MP did not present himself in the quorum. Those who don't come will reveal their names and then ask the villagers why your representatives didn't come to the meeting." Mr Chuan said before the close of the meeting that the council had crashed. The bill is yet to be considered and has been delayed by other bills, with this week's meeting scheduled to consider seven laws, including the Marijuana Bill and the Marriage Equality Bill.
Shuvit filed a santhana financial examination with evidence linking Dhamnas.|Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Former members of the House of Representatives Submit a letter to Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves. Chairman of the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Commission (P.P.C.) to ask for an investigation into the financial lines of Mr. Santhana Prayurrat. Ex-police officers, from what they saw, were in expensive homes. Wife's child There are luxury cars, spending money when they are expelled from the government service, claiming to work abroad. I don't know what company I'm in. Until today, a warrant was issued for the arrest of Mr. Hao Ze, who assumed that he had exhausted his obligations, and was willing to hand over information showing the assets of this gray Chinese capital group to Gen. Surachet Chakpal, deputy commissioner of the National Police, to continue his duties, but shortly after he revealed the information, there was Mr. Santhana, who he regarded as a dangerous person to society, using the media to interpret himself. They entered their hotel and labeled them drugged, claiming a massage parlor they had sold years ago today. He then filed the Anti-Corruption Commission (KMC). The House of Representatives believes that the duties of Lt. Gen. Seri Phisut will be straightforward, clear, and provide documentary evidence. The reason why the government removed Mr. Santhana from the police. Mr. Santhana had sought an appeal, but did not hear it, so a new order was issued, dismissed from the civil service as it was proper, and then all ranks were restored. In 2018, the reason was because of the inappropriate behaviour that was being exhibited at Don Mueang. They are willing to provide information to the KMTPA, either in the event that they come to file or if Mr. Santhana will submit to himself for examination.  However, the news is that today Mr. Santhana will be here to file a letter, and he will wait. I've noticed many times that when they go where they go, Mr. Santhana will always come later. So there's a souvenir: Sugar Sheep Game, a game in the South Korean series Squid Game to play because Mr. Santhana's life is already on the yarn. Mr. Chuvit also opened evidence relating to R.A.Thamnas Brahmacharya. In front of the press about the flight to Roi Et Province. It also mentioned Mr Yao's financial lines, particularly his donation to the People's Democratic Party. 3 million baht It is the duty of the authorities to investigate.
"Can" Chu "Big Fort" gives Thais a chance to watch every World Cup.|"Can" sud "Sukorn" without maturity, pointing out Thais have watched every World Cup match because of the "Big Fort". It is not unusual to have an admirer, Mr. Can Jainchaijitvanich, a former assistant minister of justice, referring to the case of Mr. Pakornwut Udompiphatsakul. Congressional Roster The party went a long way. The panel questioned the National Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). About World Cup royalties, and allusions to Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharath Power Party (PDP), said that mr. Pakornwut's allusions to the Gen. Pravit, on the clock, is a very low expression of maturity. Today, the whole Thai people watching the World Cup is a good thing, because it's been four years since there was one time, Mr. Can continued. What he said was attacking. Slandering the smears to the public to understand the character of Gen. Pravit is wrong, it is considered a risk to the law according to the The SEC has stated it clearly. He wanted to remind Mr. Pakornwut that if we don't know anything, simply put your mouth shut and use headphones. He would say to Mr. Pakornwut why Thais appreciate it. "The fact that Gen. Pravit brought the World Cup to Thai people is to instill an interest in Thai youth in sports, which, if thailand has world-class footballers, can change lives immediately, including national development. It shows why Thai people are grateful to Gen. Pravit." 
"Battle of Pong" sued the state administration, preventing $40 billion in debts not related to the governor."|"Yumpong" sued the state to manage liquid electricity, preventing debt of 40 billion not related to the governor of "Chuchchart", the problem came before, suggesting the cancellation of the NCPO resolution in case of extension outside bangkok, transfer the administration back to the open bid under the Joint Venture Act. Mr. Yutpong Jarassang, deputy leader of the Party for Thailand, discussed the issue of the Green Line project and the bts extension, which recently BTS collected 40 billion baht of debt from bangkok. The Party for Thailand opened the issue and brought up three opposing debates, but the amendments have not progressed, with the issue being long-standing, and the construction of the second extension, Mo Chit Range – New Bridge – Kukot and Bearing – Samut Prakan, outside the jurisdiction of bangkok, has led to the 2nd extension of the mochit – new bridge – Kukot and Bearing – Samut Prakan, which is outside the jurisdiction of bangkok. Bangkok cannot approve the disbursement because it is the subject of the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (RAFM) that hosts the operation, but the NCPO government has given bangkok to run the car instead. The Ministry of Finance and Bangkok have hired Bangkok Bank. A subsidiary of Bangkok, which went to hire BTS. Continue, both as property, by running until 2042 by special means, no auctions. Does not pass. The Joint Venture Act, with a debt value of 40 billion baht. The first part has an electrical value. Part 2 is a free ride release from 2018 and Part 3. It was caused by a single line consolidation, giving 40 years of concessions to the NTC not to pay, so all the problems were caused by the government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime minister, the administration failed, circumvented the law and left. "The problem here was before Mr. Chuchchart Sittiphan, the governor, which is why Mr. Chuchchart cannot pay because the extension is outside the BANGKOK area, which the BANGKOK Council does not have the power to disburse," said Mr. Yutpong, who said the Party for Thailand proposes a solution, namely for BANGKOK to transfer the debt and the second extension property that runs outside the BANGKOK area. The R.F.M. will run the car or will open a bid in accordance with the Joint Venture Act. In addition, the NCPO should resolve to rescind NCPO Order No. 3 / 2019 in case of extension of concessions outside bangkok as soon as possible. 
"Rambo," sneered the party's leader. Reiterate supporting stance Gen. Prayuth is the prime minister.|"Rambo" Singh, sitting party chief Teddy "Suchart", the party's general secretary, reiterated his stance of support. Gen. Prayuth is the prime minister again. Work to solve problems for the people, protect the institutions. Not affiliated with the Institutional Overthrow Party, 3 P.S. Not Broken, working in parallel, The Thai Patriotic Party held its 1st Extraordinary Party Conference at the Best Western Plus Wanda Hotel. The party's name was changed to "Ted Tai Party" and a new executive director was elected, as Mr. Suchart Saksak resigned as party leader. By voting of party members across the country. There was a unanimous vote to elect Mr. Seksakol Atthawong or Rambo as the chief and Mr. Suchart Saksak as the general secretary of the Seksakol Party. It states that the party has changed its name from The Thai Patriotic Unity to Thed Thai Party. Its position is to protect national institutions and maintain Article 112 of the Penal Code, not to overthrow institutions, and to encourage Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha, the prime minister, to continue as prime minister for the rest of the time. At the same time, it is important to all groups of people. Work for the people Fix the problem for grassroots farmers. Solving debt problems, promoting well-being, and the party's strategy will be redefined. He also mentioned the news that Gen. Prayuth will move to join politics with the Thai Unity Party to build a nation, saying that he had previously been involved in the founding of the Thai Nation Building Party because he thought that Gen. Prayut might be under pressure to not support the party, but he was not suitable for the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, so he sought out a good biographer like Mr. Piraphan Saliratviphak to head the Thai Nation Building Party, which surprised him with the big acronym. That's Big Tui, not Big Tu, and he made it clear from the beginning that he would not take a position in the Thai Patriotic Unity Party until he came across the Thai Patriotic Unity Party with a clear stance. Mr. Seksakol also believes that the 3P is definitely not separate, even though Gen. Prayut moved to the Thai Unity Party to build a nation as the news broke. It can work in parallel politics. No problem, because the 50-year-old brotherhood is intersecting and will definitely join the government and reiterate that the Party can work politically with all parties except those that have institutional reforms and amend article 112 of the law, being the main party to protect institutions, and will send candidates, all 400 district councillors and 100 senators, according to the law, but have not yet targeted the CONGRESS seats because everything depends on the people, and whatever politics can happen, Mr. Seksakol said. He stated that he had always talked to General Prayut and had met General Prayut in Phetchabun province. General Prayuth understands Rambo's approach to work regardless of which party he is with, but has insisted that he maintain his position to protect the main institutions and benefit the people, which Gen. Prayuth never obstructed or did not support Rambo's work. The Black Warriors There is also for S.S. Dr. Ravi, Dr. Ravi Maschamadol. The leader of the New Dharma Power Party, Ms. Parina Kraikupt. Former MP of the Pracharath Power Party welcomed the 
"Trijada" Ting, a cannabis-releasing state café. In the middle of town, Vaughan hastened to review.|"Trijada" Ting, a cannabis-releasing state café. Springing up in the middle of the city Let's stop destroying the future of our children before they cannot be restored, Ms. Trijada Sridada said. Deputy party spokesman for Thailand said while information received from locals and on social media suggested that a cannabis café had been opened. In many provinces, the Khaosan Road district is in the heart of Bangkok. Several stores are selling marijuana in a recreational manner. 90% of customers are foreigners, the other 10% are Thai nationals who come to consume cannabis-based beverages, especially from inflorescences. In spite of the ministry of health regulations no. 3 (5), the sale of controlled herbs for smoking in the premises of operation is prohibited except for sale by a medical practitioner in accordance with the law on the profession of medicine. Thai traditional medicine practitioner Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health, issued the first Ministry of Health announcement in June 2022. There are no penalties, causing recreational marijuana stores to pop up as mushroom blossoms, this is medical marijuana, where is Ms Trijada? It states that in a vacuum where there is no law in place, both for controlling the use and imposing penalties on violators of marijuana distribution. Yet the principles are not in place to prevent easy access to marijuana. Marijuana is now unlocked, not a substance to blame. But the Ministry of Health's announcement, which was issued but had no practical control and punishment effect, would have a difficult impact on juveniles to prevent. This is the party's concern for Thailand and the entire Thai people. How will the coalition government from many parties take a stance on the fact that the Proud Thai Party is pushing for a free cannabis policy without strong measures to prevent the Party for Thailand, also insisting that it supports marijuana for medical purposes? It is used only for the treatment of various diseases. It does not support recreational marijuana, does not support Thailand as a cannabis hub, and reclaims the future of Thai children from cannabis, which is easily accessible from the free release of cannabis. There's free marijuana in every home, so I want it to be free. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Mr. Anutin Policy director Revisits the issue of free marijuana in detail. Currently, if young people use marijuana without cognitive impairment, it can have psychotropic effects. Problems followed. Leaving a legacy for posterity will be too late to solve. If it continues to be freely grown and sold like this. Thai society will go downhill even more than it is.
"Thanakorn" is confident, the popularity of "Big Tu" surges, but the opposition parties put politics down somewhat.|"Thanakorn" is confident of the continued surge in popularity, lifting the "State Welfare Card Scheme 2022" to help care for low-income people continues, stoking opposition parties, putting politics down somewhat. Don't wait until the day when the people punish and then sit back and regret it after Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Senator Roster, a democrat, said he would like to thank the government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, who have given priority to ensuring low-income citizens have access to state welfare thoroughly through the "State Welfare Card Program 2022", where registrants can check their registration status through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th, from September 5 to October 31, 2022, a total of 22,295,183 registered citizens, with the status of "Ministry of Finance having received your registration information" of 21,016,770 registered persons, passed the data check with the Department of Government, amounting to 19,630,347 cases, representing 93.40 percent of the registered registrants who have complete information. There were no leaks. After the results were announced and verified in January 2023 to declare the use of state welfare patents through id cards, it will make the public more confident in the prime minister because it is a tangible contribution. If the opposition knows how to put politics down somewhat, turn its attention to the people's suffering by taking action rather than daily criticism, and believe that Thailand will move further. Don't wait until the day when the people punish through the election results, and then come to mind later.
"Black Wizard," swiped a pat on the head, S.J. Peek, in the middle of the funeral, revealing just a greeting to his old subordinates.|The Black Wizard, after being slapped in the middle of a funeral, claimed to have been slapped in the middle of a funeral. Sanamchaikhet Chachoengsao just greeted his old subordinates. Trust deliberately spins the tide in hopes of political consequences. Be careful not to make false statements, and leave it to area police to smother gunmen and weapons of war in the area near the Nov. 27 election, 2:36 p.m., reporters were coordinated to clarify the facts. From the PR team Mr. Suchart Tancharoen The 1st Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives referred to the case of Mr. Wanna Rodriguez. The Deputy Prime Minister of the Provincial Administrative Organization (OIC), Chachoengsao, has filed a grievance against the investigating officer, Sanamchaikhet. Chachoengsao province is identified as Being Mr. Suchart Tancharoen. District 3 Congressman Chachoengsao patted his head and scolded him for his profanity during a funeral meeting at Wat Thung Sang Sang. Moo 11, Tha Kradan Sanamchaikhet Chachoengsao On Nov. 26, 2022, Mr. Suchart Tancharoen. Senator Chachoengsao and Vice President of the House of Representatives The 1st person clarified that Mr. Wanna or S.J. Peek was one of his closest subordinates, who, as usual, when Mr. Wanna came to him, would show respect for himself because he had saved his life. Mr. Wanna He was shot nearly to death and took good care of the family of S.J. Peek, who had several houses. When he met this face, he greeted him, knocking his hand over his head in a way that was not violent, but rather a nod to himself, saying that he heard S.J. Peek like to say bad things. It is not intended to intimidate or show malice as S.J. Peek attempts to allege. It was possible to ask those present at the event what the event was like because they knew that on Facebook, eyewitnesses commented on the news that was presented in the local media as mere greetings. Therefore, as S.J. Peek says, it may be a false statement, "I have to ask S.J. Peek whether the reasons for this are huge, damaging the reputation of people who have merit to their lives, and every family of S.J. Peek is in a way that locals say and call them "ungrateful", simply because they want personal interests serving opposing political groups and in politics." Mr. Suchart Mr. Suchart also said that if there is physical abuse and rudeness at S.J. Peek, it would not be possible because S.J. Peek attended the event. There were subordinates who resembled gunmen, drove 3-4 more vehicles, and at the time of the incident stood at the back of the event, constantly keeping an eye out for S.J. Peek, making it impossible to have physical assault and intimidation, according to S.J. Peek. I would also like to inform the local police officers that as the general election approaches, they should tighten the surveillance of firearms and weapons of war, as well as background checks on gunmen in accordance with the policy of the National Police Commissioner (NCPO). Mr. Suchart Stated in the clarification statement.
The reporter asked Prayuth when he said, "Well, you know."|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Responding to a reporter's question on Monday (Nov. 28) about the news flow calling for a cabinet reshuffle, "I know." Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, who also heads the Democratic Party. The cabinet reshuffle, which nominated Mr. Naris Khumnurak to be deputy minister of interior in place of Mr. Nippon Boonyamani, the reporter asked. Prayuth also said he would adjust his cabinet in early December. Instead, he received the answer that (cabinet adjustments)had no effect on reporters, and that they would adjust whenever they did, which prompted the reporter to keep asking: "There's a proposal. Gen. Prayuth, has the cabinet been reshuffled? Gen. Prayuth replied, "Propose it, consider it." The reporter also asked whether it would be a cabinet reshuffle, big or small. Gen. Prayuth simply replied, "Wherever you are, adjust there.
Thanathorn Parliament—proposed constitutional amendments. Governorship elections-Local authority increases|The parliamentary session was attended by Mr. Pornpeet Wichitchonchai, deputy chairman of the National Assembly. Acting chairman of the meeting, he entered the agenda to consider the draft constitution. Amended (No....) B.E. on local government and decentralization, mr. Thanathorn prospered. Heads of Progressives and The People A total of 76,591 people proposed Mr. Thanathorn. It was proposed that the draft constitutional amendments were local versions to give power and autonomy to the administration, budget, and referendum on the massive restructuring of the country's administration, based on the basic principles of power belonging to the people, and that the people elected representatives of the heads of the Progressive Party, who told the next parliament that the draft constitutional amendment was clear on the power of public service. Designing and developing their own communities to develop the province forward to meet the needs of the people in the community. At the same time, it also requires that the budget be allocated fairly, sufficiently, to carry out the tasks received effectively. At the same time, it is believed that the division of powers, the allocation of fair budgets according to the local draft, will make it a reality within 10 - 15 years. For example, the state is clearly centralized, such as the congressional discussions on spatial problems in order for the authority to solve them. The data showed that 65% of the discussions were spatial problems that could be solved locally if adequate budgets were given and empowered to solve them. Respond to problems for the people. If the locality owns power, the budget, and the country together will solve the problem. Thanathorn said some people may not like it alright, but asked to look primarily at the interests of the people. Local unlock draft But the majority of the people will benefit if they agree on the direction and principles of decentralization. If you disagree on some of the details, please accept the principles to find a compromise. An acceptable conclusion on the next agenda to keep us up to date.
The court knocked down the election law, and the S.S. was unconstitutional.|The Constitutional Court unanimously voted Wednesday (Nov. 30) that a bill governing the election of members of the House of Representatives, requiring the use of the 100-division formula to calculate the S.S. roster (party list) was passed. It is not contrary to the Constitution that the efforts of Mr. Ravi Mashamadol, S.S., are on the roster. The New Democrats, and their supporters to divide 500, did not succeed in drafting the Constitutional Assembly Bill on the Election of Members (No..). Buddhist Era.... This issue went to parliamentary consideration. After a constitutional amendment was passed to select, the zoning and roster were separated, according to the draft amendment proposed by the Democratic Party, but this bill did not amend any other section, so there was still the word S.S.A. left in the Constitution, which made the bill at first seem like it would pass congressional approval. But the vote in support of division 500, which includes a small group of parties, sees whether it may be unconstitutional because the term "congressman" ultimately failed to consider it, and the first draft requiring division 100 to be introduced must be brought into force, but it was first submitted to the Constitutional Court for a ruling, which is the source of this latest resolution, the division 100 formula, which was used during the 1997 constitution, is expected to result in major political parties. The Party for Thailand has an advantage in the next election.
The "Big Tu" car registration went to Chiang Rai, a show driving a harvester--encouraging farmers.|Gen. Prayuth showed driving a harvester. Harvest rice in the fields by yourself 1 round and encourage the farmers. Tell me you're tired. It can be identified because the government oversees the village fund on agriculture, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence arrived at Chiang Khan's house. Moo 14, Tambon San, Chiang Khong District, Chiang Rai Province, to preside over the "Green Rice Harvest" event at Ban Chiang Khan. Moo 14, Tambon San, Chiang Khong District, Chiang Rai Province, ready to follow up on the performance of the BCG Model Pilot Green Rice Project Phase 1 before meeting with farmers' groups and discussing the topic "Revolution in Sustainable Farming". Immediately after arriving, the Prime Minister first greeted the agricultural representatives, before boarding the harvester. After that, the Prime Minister took a picture with the farmers' families and stated that they were pleased, knowing that they were tired, but before it was many times more difficult for us to gather because the government had taken care of the village fund down on agriculture. Educating on the use of organic matter, which now acknowledges that there is a shortage of fertilizers and fertilizers, is expensive. Damage to productivity. If the price difference is greater. Before asking the farmers' group how many acres there are in total farmers' gatherings, which are about 500 acres by the Prime Minister. Given that, this is exactly what the government's policy is. Before questioning the livelihoods of farmers, he said the prime minister was most concerned about farmers, millions of households if not protecting themselves. This is the best example of green rice. We've always talked about how to make these things happen. That's true today, using tools to use technology. The car used by Gen. Prayut on this mission is a white Toyota Fortuner with registration AR 9691 Thailand, which is shared with Gen. Anuphong Jinda. Minister of the Interior
Chiang Rai smirked, "Big Tu" landed. As farmers carry guns to the event, a group of trappers shouting scolding.|Arrested 500 people, a group of Chiang Rai residents shouted during the visit, while the vice president of the Community Rice Center carried a gun to the venue. Nov. 22), reporters reported that at 11 a.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister et al. departed from Military Airfield 2 Squadron 6 (On.6) Don Mueang, Bangkok to Mae Fah Luang Airport. Ban Du Before traveling by car to Wat Huai Pla Kang to visit the community hospital at Prasad Pracharat V. or Luang Daddy found luck. The abbot of Wat Huai Pla Crayfish was built to provide free treatment to the needy and villagers in the Huay Pla Crayfish community and nearby by en route from Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai Airport to Wat Huai Pla Crayfish, a political activist. The Chiang Rai Group, led by Mr. Sarawut or Xianwat, led the movement, with five of them waiting to show the symbol. S.P. Bandu has been detained. A woman jumped on the back of the car before yelling scolding. However, after the procession passed, five detainees were taken to The Ban Du Police Station, where they were informed of alleged acts of disorderly conduct. A fine of 500 baht was paid and all were released home, reportedly at around 12.00 pm at the "Green Rice Harvest" venue at Ban Chiang Khan. Moo 14, Tambon Sthan, Chiang Khong District, Chiang Rai Province, and the "Revolution in Sustainability farming" discussion with farmers, Director-General of the Rice Department and President of the Green Agricultural Economic Development Association at Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister will meet farmers, security officials and detainees. Mr. Vijaya, 66, a native of San Kamphaeng, Chiang Mai province, who is vice president of chiang mai community rice center, seized six rounds of artificial Thai pen firearms and .22-caliber projectiles and one unknown-sized ammunition, and was detected and detained while hiding a firearm while passing through a weapons checker. Earlier in the morning, officers requested a search until the weapon was found. He was initially detained at the Joint Directorate and is under investigation, which will be followed by law.
"Naris Khumnurak" caught COVID. Moved into the 3rd S.D.|"Naris Khumnurak" caught COVID. He was promoted to M.T.3, waiting to be lost in order to enter the new process, Mr. Naris Khumnurak. Interior Minister It was revealed that after learning that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence will bring the three new ministers to His Majesty's Office to ratify their vows before taking office. He tested for COVID-19 periodically but found no infection, but it appeared today in the evening when he arrived at the palace office. Before he tested positive for COVID-19 again, the results showed up two to three times, but there were no symptoms, so he was still on the watch, but the two new ministers, who have now been on the lookout, have been unable to perform their duties. The Deputy Interior Minister has been asked by the doctor to stay for symptoms and go through the treatment process for 5 days and then test for COVID-19 again before entering the ministry of health to continue his duties as Deputy Minister of The Interior.
Check it out! A government spokesman revealed six apps called cars to get picked up legally.|Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The Ministry of Transport has issued the Ministry of Electronic Hire Vehicles Regulation B.E. 2564 (2021) to allow the government to regulate and supervise the provision of safe and competitive services in the development of services under the same rules. This will bring overall benefits and increase travel options for people. It is provided through an application endorsed by the Ministry of Transport, which is a secure application. Do not disclose the personal information of users. Clearly display advance fares At a fair rate, it can be verified and has insurance coverage as required by the victim protection law. The Ministry of Transport has already certified applications for hired vehicles electronically. of 6, in addition, electronically. Drivers must have a public driver's license, be able to train online through www.dlt-elearning.com, and book a fitness test and written test via DLT Smart Queue, and drivers must pass a criminal background check from the Royal Thai Police in order to achieve professional sustainability within the framework of the law and build confidence in the service users. The government has been continuously pushing for the provision of electronic hired vehicles. Considering the benefits of increasing travel options that are convenient, safe, in line with the digital lifestyle, as well as increasing the chances of a complementary career. Ms Ratchada said the government invited people to use hired vehicles through an approved application. It's all If the user finds the driver has a disrespectful verbal mannerism. Fares are not collected as required by the application. Operate a vehicle that is not properly registered. Complaints can be made through the hotline at 1584. Passenger Protection and Complaints Center Department of Land Transport 24 hours a day
Thanakorn It can be believed to be a minister because Prayuth sees competence, not in return for defending.|Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office said on Friday (Dec. 2) that his appointment was not a slap in the face to those who worked closely with Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha, but believed that Gen. Prayuth saw in many dimensions that he worked for the nation. Insist that they do everything, and after this will take up more space in their assignments. After various circumstances and the economy began to recover. During the holidays, people will travel to other provinces to see that the atmosphere today, what Gen. Prayut has implemented, many policies are flowering and fruiting, the country has recovered, thinking that these things will make it possible to move forward to work at Government House for the first day on the same day. He attended the worship of sacred things at Government House. Worship Brahma on the Thai Sky Building and the Bhumibol Shrine at the Grandparents' Court and open your mind that before you take on your new duties every time. He consulted his mother to find out where to work, Mr Thanakorn reiterated. Thank you Gen. Prayut and Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The head of the People's Democratic Party, who was kind and gave him the opportunity to do the job.
Mukdahan villagers welcomed. "Uncle Fort," shrugged the girl, kissing her cheeks.|Mukdahan villagers welcomed. "Uncle Fort," shrugged the girl on the cheek, as she followed the project. Drainage and groundwater gates Hoping to solve the flood-drought sustainably, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as The Gonch., along with the faculty, continued his government service in the morning, with the afternoon visiting. Construction project of drainage gate "Huai Bang Yi" Pho Sai To monitor the progress of construction, the Irrigation Department is the main responsible agency. For this project If completed according to the plan in 2023, there will be up to 3,000 rai of land that the government has a policy to expedite as soon as possible during the dry season, to help drain the water at the beginning of the rainy season, and to store water for agricultural, fisheries and other uses during the dry season, and to prevent water from the Mekong River from flowing back and flooding agricultural land. Gen. Pravit met local leaders and local residents who came to welcome, warmly and smile, and encouraged the dedicated officers to perform their work. Gen. Pravit et al. visited the groundwater drilling and solar pumping project of Mukdahan At Ban Nadi. T.Dongmon, Muang, Mukdahan province, which is an urgent drought resolution project. According to the government's policy, people can use water for agriculture and crop cultivation throughout the year, allowing farmers to earn income during the dry season, even when the rains are thrown away. Gen. Pravit met the people who came to give a friendly welcome, bringing good wishes and concern from Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence come to all the brothers and sisters of the people of Mukdahan and are ready to provide assistance along with local development, as well as to improve infrastructure in all dimensions. There's well-being, eating well and being happy all over the place. During the meeting, the public hugged and kissed their cheeks, causing General Pravit to have a shy, smiling, friendly expression on his face.
Pitha, a Thai film, can bang. More freedom of the press must be protected.|Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Rosters and party leaders go a long way. He said on Friday (Dec. 2) that the Thai film industry will become more creative and more popular internationally. Thailand must have laws and an atmosphere more conducive to freedom of expression, the party leader went a long way. See that pushing soft power successfully. The creative factor is important, but some legal frameworks are also a hindrance, Mr. Pitha said at the 15th Bangkok World Film Festival that the far-right party values freedom, whose policies in the upcoming elections, which many expect in 2023, are intensely liberal. In addition to the Party for Thailand and the National Development Party- Dare
Phae Thong than Phutthun the idea of setting up a comprehensive Thai film upgrading organization - distributed throughout the country.|Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, head of Family for Thailand, said on Friday (Dec 2) about the push for the Thai film industry that the Party for Thailand had an idea to set up an organization to raise the quality of the industry and recruit and develop people into the film industry. In order to increase the awareness of Thailand and the potential of Thai people around the world, Ms. Pattongthan sees that to make Thai films popular abroad, it is necessary to develop all aspects of personnel, from screenwriters to actors, and must be distributed to the district and sub-district levels. Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Nan and head of the Party for Thailand said the plan was part of a constructive economic policy aimed at reaching 20 million people besides the Party for Thailand. The far-right party also sent representatives to the event, which is scheduled to take place from Dec. 2-11, where Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. The party leader stepped forward. He said the Thai film industry will be more creative and go international. Thailand must protect freedom of expression more. 
"Thanakorn" posted thanking the Prime Minister for giving him the opportunity to act as The Prime Minister's Office.|"Thanakorn" posted a thank you to the Prime Minister for entrusting the opportunity to serve as the Deputy Minister of the Prime Minister's Office, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Ministers in the Prime Minister's Office Posted a photo thanking Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence are ready to state. "Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister, for entrusting me, giving me the opportunity to serve as Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, Mr. Prime Minister, for wishing to work hard for the nation and the people to the best of my ability, to secure the interests of the people.
"Anutin" smirked, setting up a 9-year-old with marijuana.|"Anutin" looks at how to stage a 9-year-old who will have the wisdom to buy marijuana to smoke, throw a deal, and if he wants to end the problem, pass legislation, not overturn it, said Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health, referring to cases involving images of 9- and 10-year-olds. He said the issue of homeless children needs to be taken care of by the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security because not only do they smoke marijuana, there are many homeless children sniffing glue, eating alcohol and taking drugs, which requires looking at the type of problem. Most of them are homeless children, but they have to deal with this group of children and whether they see the Democratic Party as incumbent. Because he is the minister directly responsible for this work, Mr. Anutin. Given that it is not related, the Congress of the Democratic Party in Rayong province. Doctor, what's that? He'd have a point, but he didn't know what to do, so he created a story for a 9-year-old who would have the wisdom to buy marijuana. But that's okay because the Department of Traditional and Alternative Medicine, which oversees the control of marijuana use, has given it to Mr. Demon Paitutesha. The Deputy Minister of Health shall supervise, and the control and application of the law is directly his duty. But it's good that the S.S.S., who is from Rayong province, is in the same province as Mr. Demon, and that's going to coordinate with each other, where it seems that the issue of marijuana is going to make the Democratic Party and the Proud Thai Party more and more of a problem because there are measures in place to control it as far as possible. If the Democratic Congress wants the problem to be eliminated, they help pass the Hemp-Marijuana Act bill and reiterate that the people who cause the problem are the people who come to say that today marijuana is not regulated. Instead, the same people say they're going to overturn the law, they've got to see who's not in the groove with Roy, who's not the Proud Thai Party because we've removed marijuana from drugs, and listened to the people. As for whether the Thai Pride Party and the Democratic Party will fight harder and harder until the election, Mr Anutin said it's okay.
"Doctor Who," Stuart returned, "Anutin" was not even low-key in staging a child smoking marijuana.|Dr. Lawrence Jaytanjan, S.S.Rayong The Democrat Party referred to the case of Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health. Alleged images of children aged 9 and 10. Sitting on a pattaya beachside marijuana scene is a scene for people to take pictures of children looking at marijuana. Because children can't buy marijuana on their own, it's a story from a doctor, from a Democrat who wants to have a point: he or someone in the Democratic Party. There's no such low mind as to make news of a child smoking marijuana, but if Mr. Anutin thinks it's staged, it's comforting, and I don't think it's staged like Mr. Anutin thinks. Because there's not just news of children smoking marijuana, but both novices, including monks, who are news, insisting that Democrats support medical marijuana 100% three years ago agreed with Mr. Anutin's medical marijuana policy, but now Mr. Anutin's idea is distorted to become a liberal marijuana, leaving society broadly affected by the drug.
S.T. Inspector General warned online merchandising platforms not to sell cannabis bouquets.|public health Intense monitoring of online trading platform warnings The Department of Medicine revealed that studies on the use of cannabis extracts in neurodegenerative patients have improved the quality of life. Trisarnakul Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, urged the Ministry of Health to ensure the legalization of cannabis, especially the Ministry of Health. The 2022 Controlled Herbs (Cannabis) Act, dated Nov. 11, 2022, effective Nov. 24, 2022, focuses on the control of cannabis inflorescences. The Department of Traditional and Alternative Medicine has been closely monitoring the sale of cannabis inflorescences through online platforms. In addition to banning the sale of marijuana inflorescences to children under the age of 20, students are prohibited from selling marijuana inflorescences to children under the age of 20 student Pregnant women or women who are breastfeeding, as well as banning the sale through automated kiosks, are also prohibited from being sold through all kinds of electronic channels, the Department of Traditional Medicine has monitored electronic channels and found that after the new ministry's announcement banning the sale of cannabis inflorescences on online trading platforms. The Department has now sent notices to some platforms and is gradually reviewing others. If similar actions are found, if warned that there is no blocking of traders, the platform must also be treated as a violator of the Ministry of Health's declaration and illegal. Mr. Anutin stressed to the concerned authorities that at the time of the drafting of the Cannabis, Hemp Act B.E.... It's still in the house of representatives' deliberations to ensure that all agencies are best kept under existing legislation so that people can get the most out of marijuana, which many medical research has confirmed can provide health care, and provide treatment for patients with multiple diseases to improve their quality of life. The Department of Medicine has partnered with the Association of Pediatric Neurology (Thailand). Follow-up treatment of patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy in children with CBD cannabis extract nationwide, a follow-up study co-authored by the National Institute of Neurology and the National Institutes of Child Health. A study on the use of cannabis extract in children in a sample found a 50% reduction in patients with severe seizures, and this cannabis extract was packaged on the National List of Medicinal Herbs. Account 3 from May 14, 2021, provided that nationwide follow-ups to the treatment have secured reliable safety and effectiveness data. It will lead to its entry into the National List of Herbal Medicines. Account 1 in 2024.
Assoc. Prof. Trairat, Chulalongkorn, opened foreign land purchases. Learn how from him, find out, sell the nation.|Assoc. Prof. Trairat Jarutt, Law Minister Opening a channel for foreigners to buy land in Thailand, new opportunities or national sales, and opening a list of 5 countries in Asia where foreigners can own land has been widely criticized, with the Cabinet of Ministers (OIC) approving economic stimulus measures for foreigners to stay in Thailand for the long term, while being able to purchase properties, houses and land in the amount of 1 rai in the designated area for new groups. 4 groups of long-term Residents of Thailand who want to attract to Thailand in order to aim for economic income and investment of at least 40 million baht per person. In the three consecutive years, covering- Wealthy Global Citizen - Wealthy Pensioner - Work from Thailand Professional - Highly Skilled Professional group is a draft of the new ministerial regulations that have been revised to better meet the objectives of the relevant ministerial regulations of 2002. This Ministerial Regulation applies only to 4 groups of foreign persons who have obtained long-term visas (LTR), which will be screened by the Office of the Board of Investment (BOI) to apply for land purchase, not anyone like in the past through the 'economic base'. Professor of The Faculty of Architecture, Chulalongkorn University, who wrote an article on the terrabkk website on the topic: New Opportunities or National Sales When foreigners buy land in Thailand, foreigners buy land in Thailand, new opportunities or national sales by Assoc. Prof. Trairat stated that the fact is that there are almost 100 countries around the world that allow foreigners to own land. For foreigners such as Spain, France, Italy, Costa Rica, countries with reciprocity agreements such as Croatia, Turkey, and South Korea are open only to some nationalities with reciprocity agreements. Egypt permits 99 years of leasehold rights, supplementary measures to prevent higher real estate prices, or for security reasons, for example - Switzerland has a limit on the number of foreigners who can buy property each year. -United Kingdom A much higher capital gains tax levied on profits derived from the sale of homes in the UK by expatriates - Australia is currently limited to the types of properties that can be purchased, which are typically new construction projects only. Those who break the law can be sentenced to imprisonment or a hefty fine - Sri Lanka grants foreigners permission to own land but there is a 100% transfer tax on foreigners in Sri Lanka - Canada Other East Coast provinces including the provinces of Quebec, Ontario and British Columbia have no restrictions on foreign ownership- Australia Foreigners who do not live in Australia and companies can purchase up to 50% of residential developments and are allowed to purchase new properties or land to build buildings as long as construction begins within 12 months from the date of purchase. To allow foreigners to own property, such as 1.Land is located within 6 miles of international borders, such as Panama, land within 6 miles of the international border. Foreigners are not allowed to purchase property within 62 miles of the international border or 31 miles from the coast, spain, military land and land near international borders.2.Some waterfront properties, New Zealand, "sensitive" lands, including reserves, identified islands, and historic or heritage lands and lakes. Panama Land restrictions on the island Beachfront 5 Countries where foreigners can own land in Asia Malaysia Malaysia is the only place where foreigners can own land in Southeast Asia. The only type of real estate that foreigners cannot afford is "heritage real estate", or old colonial real estate. Foreigners can apply for a residence in Malaysia by investing through the My Second Home Program (MM2H), which allows foreigners to obtain a 10-year visa by depositing around US$70,000 and keeping it in a bank. This openness to foreign investment is quite reasonable considering korea's internationalization. These foreigners often want to buy their own property. The Republic of Korea is meticulous in issuing long-term visas, except for Jeju, a small island. Located off the southern coast of the Korean Peninsula, this is a special administrative region that allows anyone to enter without a visa. Similarly, Jeju also has an investor residence permit for anyone who wants to invest in real estate worth about $430,000 on the island. Taiwan Taiwan is a developed country with few restrictions on foreign property ownership. Buying real estate in Taiwan does not automatically give foreigners the right to live there, unlike malaysia and south korea previously had some form of investor residency program for property owners. Foreigners must go through regular immigration channels to live in Taiwan permanently. Foreigners can buy houses or undeveloped land in Taiwan. Foreigners can buy real estate in Japan. There are no restrictions on the type of property. Foreigners can own land and buildings in their own name. Foreigners must have a job or business or a visa to live in Japan full-time. Foreigners can own condos. Singapore is one of the easiest countries in Asia to buy a condo. However, although foreigners are theoretically allowed to own a house or land, acquiring this type of property can actually be incredibly difficult and expensive in practice. To hold land as an alien requires permission from the government. Such approval requires a large purchase (worth more than $20 million worth of land) and proves that such purchases "benefit Singapore's economy." Summary and proposals to foreign land sales laws. Assoc. Prof. Trairat has summarized and made several interesting suggestions on the issue. 1.The statement that "let foreigners buy real estate is a national sale" is a speech that does not study the details of neighbors or case studies that other countries do, and is a world war-era nationalist concept (very old). Under the conditions under which the country benefits, regardless of the boundaries of the area. Holding patterns The qualifications of eligible people, or even tied to investment/work promotion policies, are common things that countries do.3.We must accept thailand's "competitiveness". Having the right to possess real estate is one of the key hallmarks (the right to possess real estate means the right to freehold or long-term leasehold, leasehold for 60,90 years).4.Thailand has already entered a "fully aging society" (i.e., there are 20% elderly people>). This will create a shortage of workers at all levels. Because the other side of aging society is childhood. Labor age decreases. Inviting knowledgeable and talented foreigners to work is the policy of countries experiencing "aging societies", such as Japan, Singapore and European countries.5.Future consumers are the elderly, especially the elderly from developed countries. The opening of seniors to retire in Thailand in exchange for holding real estate is a duality matter (Thailand currently has a 5+5 year visa, but must notify the TAT every 90 days). In spite of this, Thailand is a retirement destination. Medical Services Food, air, cost of living There is a major weakness in real estate ownership. If we have clear rules, such as target areas. The style and price of real estate will make Thailand a haven for retired seniors, and it will lead to many more businesses related to the "aging society". Food, home décor, tourism, life insurance, technology to care for the elderly, etc. will be able to create jobs. Create many related business opportunities because the elderly who can come to retire abroad are usually high-income seniors. There is a health insurance system, there is a clear pension-pension. In short, it has high purchasing power7.We can set up a "cross subsidy" fund from the real estate holding fees of foreign seniors to fund elderly care in those areas. It is a measure that can reduce inequality at the local level as well.8.However, gradually opening up. Experimenting in certain areas and certain types of real estate is likely to be something that needs to be decided to start doing right away.
Thailand created Thailand, hijacked the state, abolished military service, ended the cycle of youth being repaired.|Thailand created Thai hijacked the state. Abolished military service, ended the cycle, youth were repaired. After finding 17 hospitals, he was sent to the hospital because of severe dehydration and acute kidney failure. told enlistment call Year.65 reflects enlistments no longer needed. Voluntary advice and appropriate welfare development, Ms. Thidarat Yingcharoen Thai Build Thai Party spokesman Reiterated it was time to reform the military system. It was proposed to cancel military service after 17 people were hospitalized due to severe dehydration and acute kidney failure. Have muscle breakdown The doctors stated that it was caused by the practice, seeing as studying, graduating. Not studying to gain military knowledge, but studying so as not to enlist in the military, it's a gap for the military to collect tuition. Costume and training fees, as well as expenses from R.D. Many more, not counting the use of different lines in depositions, are not counted. Another, Miss Daughter Rat. Also stated that, if you go back and consider Number of military enlistments in Thailand In 2022, a total of 58,330 officers were enrolled through the online military program, 6,101 soldiers and 51,692 recruits were recruited, with 21,046 requested for service on the day of the election, leaving 30,646 red-labeled officers, a decrease from 2021 to 18,749, coupled with a reduction of 10 percent of the actual number of active duty soldiers, or about 12,000. so In addition, Ms. Thidarat proposed that the army balance the budget, including arms procurement and the development of personnel welfare, while reiterating the idea of reforming the military enlistment system by abolishing enlistment, but voluntarily adjusting it and developing appropriate welfare at all levels to ensure balanced and sustainable development of the armed forces. Therefore, forcing military service may no longer be necessary. However, a large number of interested parties want to be soldiers. It was found to be a group living in a remote area or a group in the custody of the Department of Juvenile Justice and Protection. This reflects other social issues, particularly economic inequality, and unequal public health and education welfare. As a result, applying to the military becomes one of the ways to improve the quality of life for themselves and their families, so the welfare and quality of life for militiamen should be improved to give people the opportunity to further social promotion. 
"Jirayu" opened up, probably moving the party. If so, thailand does not solve the problem.|"Jirayu" waits for Thai to solve the problem. If not, solve it. Not to clarify the need to move the party, but it has also been tied to the party for many years, said Mr. Jirayu Hoonsap, MP of the Party for Thailand. It reveals the case for a news conference that has taken a political path. After the party launched "Sakda Wichiansart", the former Director-General of the Department of Groundwater Resources, it was said that the CONGRESS candidates were now in the process of reviewing the actual political path, but if the party solved the problems and made them clear, there would be no problems remaining with the Party for Thailand. Because the issue has been discussed for months and nothing has changed, we'll have to look again at how to proceed, but I don't want to move on because I've been working with the Party for Thailand for so long. He added that for now, there hasn't been a party move yet, but there are already 4-5 political parties approaching it.
"Somsak". "Mascot" joined the NCAA. Make the party stronger.|Justice Minister Somsak Thepsutin, as the strategic chairman of the Pracharath Power Party, referred to the case of Mr. Mingkwan Sangsuvarorn. Whether the former deputy prime minister, former head of the New Economy Party, will head the economic team of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) has not yet made an official statement. If you make a statement, we can criticize mr. Mingkwan's press release, contact us directly. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as head of the Pracharath Power Party, has told party members first? Mr Somsak denied that it had been a long weekend, but asked to see how politics developed after the constitutional law was enacted. It's a matter for politics to move forward, for example, the formula of dividing 100 or 500 forces smaller parties to merge. Mr. Mingkwan, for his part, sees it as a political convention. That has to come together as a major party. Will it make it easier for the three-friend group to decide whether or not to stay with the Ruling People's Democratic Party? Mr Somsak said there was something better. As for whether there will be many more smaller parties moving on, I think that's the case. Would that make the Democrat Party stronger? Mr Somsak said the major parties would be strengthened. If there is a small party and there are potential personnel, it will fill it up. As for the political future of the Sammit group. Mr Somsak said it was getting better. Before refusing to answer questions about the assessment that the Democrat party's voice would be greater or lesser than ever.
Pae Thong than raises minimum wage of 600 baht in 2027 with a policy to revive Thai lives.|Ms. Patongthan Shinawatra, head of Families for Thailand, announced a policy to increase the minimum wage to 600 baht per day by 2027 on Tuesday (Dec. 6). The head of the Family for Thailand said undergraduates must earn a salary of 25,000 baht per month in this year as part of the party's new policy package for Thailand, which aims to complete thailand's transformation in 2027, which is called "Thailand 2027". The Party for Thailand is remembered by many as a party that actually campaigned and followed its policies, and they believed that the future would be so. Therefore, in 2027, if the Party for Thailand becomes the government, it will be the end of a four-year term, and thais will see these achievements again in addition to raising the minimum wage and salaries of the first person to work. Ms. Pattonghar also announced the launch of other policies. Ms Pattonghar said these policies would be successful in 2027 if the Party for Thailand won a landslide or landslide election. Thai people will never have to flee to live a better life abroad."In 2027, we served the people. Brothers and sisters, the public will see that we can make all of the above policies a reality. It can actually happen. We don't have to move anymore. It's easier to change the leader," said the head of the Family for Thailand, who said that the four years from now until 2027 will be a time to revive the country with the "big thinking" and "pretending" of the Party for Thailand and believes that even then, Thais will have a much better life like a miracle. So it called on the party for both cards: "Only having stable politics will allow us to reclaim the decade we lost." Ms. Pattonghar said, "Let's come together brothers and sisters, let's think big, make it a reality by choosing the whole Party for Thailand, for all thais, let's shape our future on the coming election day."
The mascot moved into power. Boost the economy, win the candidacy of the prime minister.|Mr. Mingkwan Sangsuvarorn The former member of the House of Representatives (MP) held a press conference launching the move into the Pracharath Power Party on Tuesday (Dec 6) and said the move came after the request of Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. "Mascot, let's help me solve the economic problems, this is the main reason, naha," said Mr. Mingkwan, "meaning the economists are already good at this party, but they will fill it up, which is the first thing," said the former MP, who headed the New Economy Party during the 2019 elections, adding that although he was criticized for joining the Pracharath Power Party as a change of political stance, he insisted that it was not because he had been criticized in the past. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence, but now. Gen. Prayuth is no longer in this party," gen. Prayuth is no longer in this party, huh, and he has never been, but he is the prime minister and he is the prime minister.""But now I reiterate that I don't have any problems with Gen. Prayut directly, naha, but that's over the last 3 years, I've been discussing because there are 3 points. He's prime minister, huh. The country failed, two, he was the head of the economic team, the economy was unsuccessful. The third one sucks. He was the head of the B.C. Before closing the center The number of Thais dying is over 20,000," Mr Mingkwan said. Adding to the issue, Gen. Prayuth insisted that joining the Pracharath Power Party was not about money. But if it's just a party member, there's no right to debate on television or online media. Prawit will nominate the party's congregation to be prime minister, but will have to wait for the party's executive director to approve it.
"Thanakorn" appointed to oversee the state media, overseeing the Public Relations Department-S.A.T.|Miss RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that the Council of Ministers (OIC) had resolved to acknowledge the order of the Prime Minister's Office. In case of delegation and delegation of authority Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Ministers in the Prime Minister's Office Perform government duties on behalf of the Prime Minister in the Public Relations Department and assign to direct state-owned enterprises in plc. MCOT, effective December 6, 2022, also provides ministers in the Prime Minister's Office. Perform duties as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Vice Chairman and members of the board of directors as follows: 1. Assigned to perform the duties of Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. and directors. In various committees established by law. as follows Member of the Strategic Committee on Development of the Southern Border Provinces Member of the Committee on Drug Prevention and Suppression2. Assigned to perform the duties of Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. and members of various committees established in accordance with the Regulations of the Prime Minister's Office. The following are the vice chairman in the national public relations committee, the vice chairman in the grievance management committee, the vice chairman. 2nd person on the Committee for Sustainable Development, Vice Chairman 1st person on the National Social Enterprise Enhancement Committee, Vice Chairman 1st person on the Committee for the Promotion and Development of Civil Society Organizations
The hilarious sign "Theptai Senpong" Happy New Year from inside the prison. After jail for election fraud.|Hilarious Theptai Senpong, a former MP, held a Happy New Year sign. Insert cell graphics After being imprisoned for election fraud, Facebook's Pongsin Senpong shared a large image of Mr. Theptai Senpong, a former MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat, affiliated with the Democratic Party, wearing a black T-shirt with a cell graphic and a message on the sign. "Happy New Year 2023, Know How to Love Yourself, Theptai Senpong" by Mr. Pongsin It states: "Today, starting in December, which is the last month of the year, is about to enter the New Year, it is customary or customary for politicians to sign happy new year signs with their brothers and sisters. So are the boroughs for this new year. Mr. Theptai Senpong, a career politician, despite being incarcerated in Nakhon Si Thammarat Central Prison, continues to send love and nostalgia to the people of Nakhon Si Thammarat province. "There's also a calendar that's made out for distribution. Standing smiling behind an iron cage. With a poem written as being in prison, even distressed, not dreaded, still determined. Serve, not escape from prison, and do it. Immediately to "Nakhon Si Thammarat", all nations go to thank you for all your care and encouragement, Theptai Senpong knew and would love himself.  He is currently imprisoned in Nakhon Si Thammarat Prison. On July 6, the court scheduled to read the Supreme Court's ruling. Case No. 174/2019, Red No. 485/2020, has Mr. Pichai Bunyakiat, former Prime Minister of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Mr. Shinwon Bunyakiat's brother, S.S.Nakhon Si Thammarat, is the plaintiff in the lawsuit filed against Mr. Manoj Senpong, a former prime minister of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Defendant No. 1 and Mr. Theptai Senpong, ex.S.S.Nakhon Si Thammarat. brother, Mr. Manoj; The 2nd defendant committed the offence. Electoral Fraud Act for The Prime Minister of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province In 2014, the Supreme Court upheld the judgments of the lower courts and the Court of Appeal, imprisoning Mr. Manoj Senpong. The 1st defendant and Theptai Senpong, the 2nd defendant, each had 2 years without parole and 10 years of political disqualification. The starting point is the election of the prime minister of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. In 2014, there was an intense rivalry between Former Prime Minister Pichai Bunyakiat and Former Prime Minister of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. brother, Mr. Shinwon Bunyakiat, S.S.Nakhon Si Thammarat; Democrat, with Mr. Manoj Senpong. brother of Mr. Theptai Senpong, former MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat; Democratic Party The election results showed Mr Manoj. Win Mr. Pichai later complained to the KGT that Mr. Manoj and Mr. Theptai had made a mistake. The Electoral Commission held a head-to-head banquet at a restaurant in downtown Nakhon Si Thammarat in 2013 after an investigation was conducted. He ordered a redactment of Mr. Manoj, along with a report to the investigating officer, to prosecute Mr. Manoj and Mr. Theptai, but the case was later delayed in the investigation class until the prosecutor's office. Mr. Pichai Bunyakiat, as the direct victim, decided to file the case with the court on his own until Aug. 28, 2020. The lower court determined that the two defendants had actually committed the offences, sentenced Mr. Manoj Senpong to prison. Defendant No. 1 and Mr. TheptaiSenpong. The 2nd defendant was sentenced to three years each, but reduced the sentence from one-third to two years' imprisonment without parole, and political disqualification for 10 years. Later, on May 11, 2021. The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the lower court's decision to imprison the two defendants for two years and disqualify them politically for 10 years. Both defendants were granted bail pending the supreme court, placing 1.5 million baht each and filing a lawsuit against the Supreme Court.
Indonesia flies to see Thai cannabis fair Let's learn the policy to implement it.|Members of a committee of the Indonesian parliament came to study the legalization of marijuana and measures to prevent misuse at the Ministry of Health. On Wednesday (Dec. 7), with Mr. Kitti Losuwanrak. The Director of the Medical Marijuana Institute was tasked with welcoming and informative, and the Director of the Medical Marijuana Institute provided information on the development of cannabis laws in Thailand. As well as monitoring the social impacts it has had, Mr Kitti said, indonesia's parliamentarians came to see the country. With a focus primarily on medical marijuana, as there are so many patients in the country who are secretly using it, it's a source of society that's interested in how marijuana can be useful. By watching the event, the team will go to several places, such as the National Police Service, the Office of the Drug Prevention and Suppression Commission. Private agencies and the Ministry of Health during this meeting. The Indonesian side asked for advice on how Indonesia should start if it wants to make cannabis available for medical benefits. Health & Economy We recommend medical practice, starting with a review of research on cannabis, as well as research and guidelines for its use. Open training for doctors and healthcare workers Monitoring the use of Indonesian parliamentarians sees Thailand as a success. It can give patients access to medical marijuana. We asked Thailand to submit information that we worked in both Thai and English for them to study, because most of the members agreed that medical marijuana is beneficial and should be the right approach to Indonesia's own work.
Suchart Stuak for Thailand pays 600 baht in wages, hijacks "economic catastrophe"|Mr. Suchart's Facebook fan page, Chom Scent. Minister of Labour and Member of the House of Representatives Chonburi District 1, Pracharat Power Party Posted on Wednesday (Dec. 7), criticized the party's policy of raising the minimum wage to 600 baht for Thailand as a thought-provoking campaign and called for consideration of the economic catastrophe for the country."''For Thailand'. If you're going to campaign for anything but economic catastrophe, don't campaign because it's fun to think about it, because what you're saying is like throwing a time bomb at the owner. This kind of campaign throws a burden on the private sector. But I got the vote, which is not right." Mr. Suchart's fan page "In addition, it will affect foreign investors because they will not dare to invest. Speaking out like this has a devastating effect on the entire economy. If you're going to campaign for anything but economic catastrophe," said Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, head of the Family for Thailand and daughter of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who presented the party's policy for Thailand, which is campaigning in the next general election, which is expected in 2023, one of which is to raise the minimum wage to 600 baht per day by 2027. Many parties are similarly concerned that Mr. Suchart will increase the cost of production of all sectors and push up the prices of various goods, which will push the cost of living higher accordingly. The other side sees the evening wage hike as a policy used by many political parties to campaign, not even the Pracharath Power Party in the 2019 elections, which used to campaign at a maximum of 425 baht per day, which is higher than the current one of more than 300 baht per day.
Parliament doesn't take local unlocks! Won the vote but lacked the vote.|The Congress passed a resolution on Wednesday (Dec. 7) rejecting a draft constitutional amendment that added powers and budgets to local administrations across the country, proposed by nearly 80,000 progressives and citizens, known as the Local Unlock Bill, the constitutional amendment received 254 votes in favor of or adopted the principle by 245 votes, and abstained by 129 votes. The Senate only supported 6 votes, so even though there were more people who approved the bill, it did not pass it.
Pattonghar reiterated that the wage of 600 baht is that by 2027, it cannot be done because of the poor economy.|Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, head of Family for Thailand, said on Wednesday (Dec. 7) that the 600 baht per day wage policy could be achieved by 2027 because if the people trusted to choose the Party for Thailand to form a government, they would be able to do so. The country's economy will be good for the whole system, the head of the family said, but such a policy cannot be done today because there is currently a poor economy in the overall economy." If we think about it today, it's definitely in trouble. Because the whole picture of the economy is not in a good picture or a proper picture where the economy is growing. But yesterday we talked about this policy as the whole economy will grow at the same time," Ms Pattonghar said. Yes, I can't think of it today. Today, the wage is 600 baht because the economy is not good, but once the economy is good, it will go by the nature of its economy," Ms. Pattonghar said, not counting the recent wage hikes. The last big and widely perceived hike was in the era of Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra's government, which was about 10 years ago, and after that Thailand faced an inefficient economic administration that led to the emergence of a cluster of riches and spreads."Therefore, the Party for Thailand has to think big, think big, to make the whole country, the whole economy, move (move) together," Ms. Pattonghar said. if to Thailand, is government. The fact that we are so rich and so distributed makes us feel that our thai brothers and sisters are working in labor. We have not received the dignity we deserve, so we want to improve the whole country," said Ms. Pattonghar. Explaining that the goal of growing the economy by 5% per annum is not a fixed figure every year, but rather an average of Bhumi Rojanasakul. The Deputy Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand added that those who criticize this policy may see that in 2027, Thailand remains in a position to be completely different from what the Party for Thailand sees: "If the speaker or commentator sees 2027, Thailand is a contractor of production, it is also basic agriculture, it is cheap tourism, and it is the production that uses unskilled labor. It's no surprise that a wage of 600 baht is just fantasies, and it's something that people see as impossible. But that's not the vision of the Party for Thailand, it's not the vision of the head of the family for Thailand." "We will be innovators," said The Party for Thailand's Deputy Secretary-General, Mr. Bhumi Rojanasakul, deputy secretary-general of the Party for Thailand. He added that when the Party for Thailand has the opportunity to run the country and have an economy that is growing systematically and with the target of 5% per annum. The minimum wage must also rise in line with the growth of the economy. It is not based solely on productivity and inflation as it is."What many parties forget is that our wages are not growing in time with GDP, the economy is growing faster than wages." "That means that private sector incomes are growing faster than workers' incomes. Employers' incomes grow faster than employees. And these are the issues that we will have to urgently address. This is an issue that the Party for Thailand cannot tolerate," said Mr. Bhumi, who went on to say that taking care of employers is also something that the Party for Thailand takes into account so that the minimum wage adjustment can really happen, so there is a policy of providing tax benefits, etc.
that candidates S.S. for Thailand, advise government. If you can't solve drugs, consult the party.|Mr. Pongsakorn Rattanaruengwattana That's where the candidate, S.S. Bangkapi. The Party for Thailand took to the area of Soi Huamark 3, Bang Kapi district on Thursday (Dec. 8) to visit and cheer on the brothers and sisters of the people in the wake of a knife-wielding man who stabbed villagers dead and injured them. On Wednesday (Dec. 7), the man, who had a history of drug addiction before Pongsakorn, said the drug problem was currently heavily plagued in many areas. Only in Bang Kapi, there have been several incidents of drug-related violence, such as earlier Soi Ladprao, Khlong Chan Subdistrict. An 80-year-old grandfather was beaten by a marijuana-drunk grandchild. The MP said he was deeply concerned for the safety of his brothers and sisters. Therefore, he urged the government to be serious about tackling drugs and have more intensive management measures in place"If it cannot be managed, it is advisable to consult the Party for Thailand because the Party for Thailand has a clear policy to include the drug problem as the national agenda. The drug must be exhausted. Full suppression with drug treatment Turn the eater into a patient. Thoroughly treated, coupled with repression." Mr. Pongsakorn said.
Open your heart to dumpling noodle shop to support the minimum wage of 600 baht.|Pop-Mr. Uea Ankul, like his widow, is 49 years old, owner of "Kiao Ye Liu Noodles". Rojana Road, outbound for Ayutthaya Island Horrattanachai, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Speaking on Friday (Dec. 9) that the 600 baht per day minimum wage policy is a very good policy and is expected to actually do so, the interview came after news emerged that the dumpling noodle shop had put up a large vinyl label labeling "Ye Liu Noodles." Ayutthaya is ready to pay a minimum wage of 600 baht per day by 2027", which is the result of the Party for Thailand's policy of raising the minimum wage by 600 baht per day and the salary of bachelor's degree graduates by 25,000 baht, which has caused widespread talk. Both support and disagree with this shopkeeper. It goes on to say that I personally do not particularly like any political party, but have always followed the political news, have read and listened to the 600 baht minimum wage policy. Bring money to buy food. Buying utensils is why you believe you can do it. He said it was because he had not been fined 600 baht at once. It's going to have to be stepped up, like nowadays, every other expensive product like the store has to use vegetables, vegetable oil, pork, everything that's much more expensive, and it's almost doubled. The higher the cost of food, the less profit we make. We're still there, Mr. Uea Hangul. He added that many vendors have not raised prices, or may have raised or reduced volumes to survive. Because vendors pity consumers. Because if we raise the price of expensive. Customers don't come to buy us to eat, don't come to use the service. I personally believe that every restaurant has to endure a fight. To bear the rising cost of raw materials, Mr. Ayawat Angkawut, 49, a noodle customer, said that when he saw the restaurant labeled in support of the 600-baht minimum wage policy, he came to the service to help review the noodles and food, which tasted delicious. As for the minimum wage that will increase according to the policy of factory workers and employees, if they get a minimum wage of 600 baht, have money and earn money, they will be able to spend money to use the service to buy it, Mr. Ayawat said that when the restaurant operators earn more, the money will turnover, for example, nowadays the wage is 300-350 baht per day. Eat rice, it must be economical. Because there are other expenses, including water and electricity, it must be kept for use again, it is easy to think that if he earns more, there is encouragement to have the money to buy. Stores earn more. It revealed that they also operate noodle shops in Nakhon Pathom and Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya provinces. 13 employees are legally paid for the restaurant's employees' wages, along with food benefits and extra money. They already support the idea. It's not about the Party for Thailand, because we already know that the cost of living is higher. The villagers are already in trouble, not just that. Mr. Ayawat also said that the minimum wage from 300 baht to 600 baht is not done immediately. It takes time to adjust up. Wages will gradually rise. When everyone earns more. There's purchasing power, there's money being used. Thais are now trying to go out and work abroad, both legally and illegally, because they receive higher wages than abroad Mr. Ayawat said that some countries pay higher hourly than Thais work for a day, and when the minimum wage policy of 600 baht is enacted, many people have already come out to attack each other because everyone knows that it is practical, but fears that the people who think this policy will be popular. If you can actually do it, ask who benefits. Thais or magnates benefit.
Analysts encourage foreign land holdings to raise 5 Asian countries for example|Analysts bolster foreign land ownership, raise 5 Asian countries leading foreign buyers to buy real estate Taking the opportunity to be the center of the economy, get the world changed, align capital-free people, worry about the Normini knot, thailand's big problem. Dr. Paul Crosio, a lawyer at legal consulting firm Silk Legal, revealed through the Silk Legal website that foreign land holdings are not new. If foreigners can own land, it will open the door to high-income expatriates, affecting the country's growth and overall recovery of the Thai economy. There are a growing number of retirees, skilled professionals, and investors, as well as foreigners with business entities in Thailand, according to an article from invest Asian, a regional real estate consulting firm. Each year, foreign property holdings are subject to a 4% tax when reselling for the first 5 years, and profit tax at the rate of 30% of profits.  In addition, foreigners who wish to have a second home can apply for a residence in Malaysia by investing through the My Second Home Program (MM2H), which allows them to obtain a 10-year visa, depositing around US$70,000 (approximately US$2.7 million) and keeping it in a bank. Malaysia's new prime minister has sent a positive signal to the economy, accelerating investment. As a result, the ringgit has surged to a new high in 3 months, building investor confidence and inviting investors around the world, including Thais, to invest in Malaysia and be able to hold real estate in South Korea. Reducing regulations to make the market easier to work, stimulating job creation through the private sector instead of the public sector, and encouraging investment in startups to come to work in South Korea, which has the fourth largest economy in Asia and 10th in the world. For example, Jeju Island has a residence permit for investors who purchase properties worth about US$420,000 or about US$16 million and can lead to South Korean citizenship, but it is not allowed to buy land in the reserve. Military areas, cultural asset protection zones, and natural reserves with ecological value. Taiwan section There are only a few restrictions on foreigners who want to own real estate, but investasian is not recommended to invest because owning property in Taiwan is not recommended. Unlike South Korea and Malaysia, real estate in Taiwan is not automatically granted, and real estate in Taiwan is very expensive. While the full rental yield is 1.5%, Taiwanese are also looking for a second home in other countries. Mr. Kishida Fumio Prime Minister of Japan It plans to increase the number of foreign executives in the country by 200% by 2030 by inviting foreigners with administrative and technical skills into the country and increasing foreign direct investment by setting a target of 80 trillion yen or about 22.9 trillion baht. This allows foreigners to own proprietary land and buildings in their own name under a purchase process that requires the help of local experts. However, Japan's immigration policy is limited, and land ownership in the country does not provide the right to live because it requires a job, business, or other type of visa to live in Japan full-time for Singapore. Mr. Lee Xianlung Prime Minister of Singapore Singapore National Day was announced last August that it would create Singapore as a "world-class talent pool" by investing in funding to encourage local and foreign talent to work and live. So it's no surprise that foreigners can own condos. Singapore is one of the easiest countries where foreigners buy condominiums in Asia, but buying land in Singapore as a foreigner is very difficult and expensive. And it must be authorized by the government first. In addition, such approval requires a large purchase, but it must also prove that the purchase is beneficial to the national economy. This must be re-interpreted in detail by the government. Beyond those restrictions. Singapore's housing market is also considered one of the most expensive countries in the world, and becoming a permanent resident here is difficult, so giving foreigners the opportunity to buy land with appropriate conditions and regulatory measures. Therefore, it is an important strategy of many countries, especially in Asia. The Asian Development Bank 's Economic Forecast (AD) report revealed that this year the economies of emerging markets in Asia are looking forward to the future. With growth expected to grow at 5.3%, investors in many countries are starting to consider options for countries to relocate their investment base. As a result, many Asian leaders have begun to adjust their conditions for attracting investments. Technology businesses and personnel come to their countries in thailand. One of the problems is that foreigners use nominee to buy land. So it's about making everything transparent with clear legislation. It is an urgent need to prevent foreign nationals from entering into unchecked exploitation as in the past and to generate income for the country without borrowing and also to draw in top-tier personnel from different countries. Let's create benefits for Thailand by brainstorming out conditions that will benefit, such as distributing quotas to each country. Both economic and ability properties are eligible to purchase a home, or may be open to purchase in the allocated area only. In order for Thailand to attract investors like 100% More than 100 countries around the world are open to buying homes with different conditions, including the Americas, Europe, Asia, ASEAN, and neighbors like Singapore and Malaysia.
The "Anutin" poll superpole has the potential to be a government, able to solve the problem. Actually speaking, actually done.|Superpole P.O.C.S. Believe "Anutin" has a chance to be a battlecruiser. It can solve the problem. Speaking of reality, do real super polls (SUPER POLL) reveal the results of public opinion polls across the country. 1,028 subject examples Open the hearts of Thai people. The future of politics between December 7 – 10, 2022, when asked about the urgent needs of the people for the future government. After the election, a majority, or 70.4 per cent, wanted to solve the problem. On income, occupation, 62.1 percent want to solve health problems, low costs, easy access, proximity. Conveniently, 61.8 per cent wanted to solve the debt problem, and interestingly, when asked about the prime minister's candidacy that the public believed would solve the problem. Income and debt problems of the people. It found that more than half, or 50.7 per cent, believed Thai Pride Party leader Anutin Charnveerakul, followed by 47.2 per cent believed Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra of the Party for Thailand and 46.4 per cent believed Mr. Churin Laksanavisit. The poll found that a majority, or 59.8 percent, identified the problems they were facing as something that affected the decision to make the election, followed by 56.9 percent identifying a political party as something that affected the decision to vote. 52.0 per cent identified candidacy as prime minister and leader of political parties of interest. When asked about the leaders of political parties who have the potential to form a government and actually do as they say. A majority, or 47.8 per cent, identified Thai Pride Party leader Anutin Charnveerakul as the leader of a political party that had a chance to form a government and actually did as it said. This was followed by 44.9 per cent identified Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra of the Party for Thailand, 44.4 per cent identified Democratic Party chief Jurin Laksanavisit while 17.2 per cent identified Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. prime minister, and 14.5 per cent. Identified as Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The party leader stepped forward, respectively. 
"Pitha" sneered as a government, ready to cut budgets. Gov. Ron.|"Pitha", declared, if it goes a long way as a government, ready to cut its budget. Go to the creative economy. Thai soft power point is flourishing. There must be a welfare state for working people to dare to try—a city with freedom—as a democracy, said Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. The party's leader stepped forward to participate in the stage and exhibition "Chiang Mai Design Week 2022" by participating in talks with independent artists and promoted the party's policy of promoting creative arts and soft power in Thailand. Instead, the arts and culture industry in Thailand is one of the least promoted. Instead, the Ministry of Culture received only 300 million baht in annual budgets, or the Ministry of Culture itself, which has spent more than 4 billion baht out of more than 6.7 billion baht, which has been spent on promoting stereotyped cultures and serving the politics of conservative parties. There is a view towards Thai culture as a stereotype. It cannot change, and it also uses sociopolitical structures to block people's creativity. Whether it's absolutely legal. The Film Act, the Computer Crime Act, the Copyright Act, as well as laws that are used to play political dissent. On the other hand, agencies under the Prime Minister's Office, such as the Directorate of Internal Security in the Kingdom or the Ministry of Homeland Security, received a one-year budget of 8 billion baht, or the Center for the Preservation of the National Interest at Sea, or the SRC, whose missions and budgets were largely redundant to other agencies, received a budget of 1,400 million baht. It reflects the lack of serious focus on soft power and the creative economy of today's authority figures, which they hereby proclaim. If a government is formed next time. The party has gone a long way in working to cut the budgets of redundant agencies like Gov. and Prof. S.R.C. Shift to cultural budgets for NSA and promoting soft power culture in various agencies. 
"Thanakorn" assures southerners love "Prayuth". Good government rhetoric|"Thanakorn" assures southerners love "Prayuth". Pointing to good government popularity, because the work is tangible. Confident, the Southerners chose an honest executive to run the country, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office referred to the case of Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Head of the Party for Thailand Stated in the event 'Family for Thailand, really can do it. Southerners say the crisis that people have faced over the past eight years is suffering, deprivation of freedom, if people want to get out of adversity, want to have a good future, be prepared for their children and grandchildren, let's leave the Party for Thailand in the hearts of all Southerners, he said he landed in Nakhon Si Thammarat province last weekend. Found the trend pleasing. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, including the Government, is very good. The people of the South loved Gen. Prayuth very much because of the country's administration throughout his prime ministerial career. There are many concrete tangible works. There is a manifest honesty and integrity in the administration, a qualification that the Southern brothers have always adhered to: not to use cheaters to rule the country, so it is believed that if the Southerners want to have a good future prepared for their children, they will not decide to leave their future to the Party for Thailand. Dr. Chol Nan certainly requested it, but will leave it to Gen. Prayuth to focus on doing more than speaking. It's more focused on solving the public's troubles than playing the daily political game, arguing that the crisis the public has always faced. If it's true, the last 8 years have been an economic crisis and a COVID-19 crisis that all countries around the world have faced the same, but not really in that it's not suffering, but it's a pride to have a government that's honest and sincere with the people, and the people are not without the right to freedom, but simply as an excuse for people trying to exercise their rights beyond their borders to affect the rights of the majority. 
"Oops," he admitted to the prime minister after "Nat" announced the stage name, and he didn't stick to the dart.|"Oops," he said after "Nat". Tell me if it's not stuck in a dart, it works the same way. On the "Chol Nan" side, ignoring the news, the congresswoman resigned, looking at how not to affect the council's job Mr. Nattawut Saiyake, director of the Family for Thailand, addressed the prime minister's candidacy of the Party for Thailand after speaking on stage saying that Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, the head of the family for Thailand, was the prime minister's candidacy, saying that the head of the Party for Thailand had always said that all three of them would be Ms. Patongthan, who was the prime minister's candidacy, and that he, as a cheerleader, cheered ms. Patongthan, but when all three were announced, they had to cheer on all three, which the southerners were likely to take into consideration, but it must be the duty of the party's executive committee, which will be announced later, Ms. Patongtharn said that the party has not yet made a clear announcement. It is believed that the Party for Thailand will find the most suitable candidate for prime minister. If someone is more appropriate than himself, embrace it. However, I am ready to work with the Party for Thailand, which will have to wait and see how kind the public will be to us. Personally, no matter where they are, they are ready to work with the Party for Thailand and are ready to work for the people to the best of their ability, while clearly declaring themselves, the votes in the South will strike shallow. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, Ms. Pattonghar, said the Party for Thailand sells policy, we speak and do it. What is the right time to announce the candidacy? Miss Pattongthan said: We are trying to find the best option for the people. Self, whether or not it is, is still doing its best. If not, don't be offended. If it is to be willing, it will strive to make policy for the people, which is our main goal in ensuring that the southern part of the party is so that thailand can get it. S.S.? Miss Pattonghar said that the people of the South would be kind. He insisted that the Party for Thailand was very deliberate, who did not know whether to choose it or not, but he was glad that the current trend of Prayuth in the southern region was still strong, that the party's policy for Thailand could be fought or not. Ms. Pattongthan said that if the Southerners saw that the policies proposed by the Thai People's Party resonated with the Southerners, they would not be able to do so. The brothers have been struggling for a long time. We're bringing change for the better. Because the people have been suffering for a long time, Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. The head of the Party for Thailand said the Party for Thailand's candidacy is on the people. If there is a positive response, the party will bring it into consideration in accordance with the party's bylaws. The congressman resigned. He sees it as a regular, especially near the end of each congressional term he's trying to suck up, and the congressman is conditioned to leave before the end of his council term, which is a sign and an obligation to him. He acknowledged that there would be a lot of MPs asking if it affected their work on the council. Dr. Chol Nan The law says it counts the number of remaining senators. So what's left is a quorum. Which can work. The resignation does not affect the council quorum, but in effect causes the subject of some legislation not to be considered.  
Lampang boils. Up signs across the city, hitting 600 wage policies, asked what part of the brain was thinking?|Lampang boils. Up signs across the city, hitting 600 wage policies, asked what part of the brain was thinking? The Party for Thailand announced a minimum wage policy of 600 baht and a salary of 25,000 baht per month for bachelor's degree graduates, becoming a hot trend of criticism in society. and paying the minimum wage according to party policy. Online, images of signs were shared in front of a shophouse. Lampang province has a 600 baht wage tag that reads, "What part of your brain is there to think about? Lampang Ceramic Factory is almost completely closed. If 600 were true, the Lampang Ceramic Factory would be a thing of the past. Other businesses will die, and major factories will move away to Vietnam because vietnamese wages are less than 200 baht." The reporter went to find a cloth sign with the same message. It is located at the entrance to one of the famous shopping malls in the middle of Lampang city, and there are many signs in the Mueang Lampang district, especially in Lampang Municipality. It is expected to be a group of people who do not support the party's policies for thailand. It's not yet known who's leading the way.
Pravit insisted that no matter what, if Proud Thai sucked the MP all the way, he would have shut down the party.|Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the People's Power Party He said on Tuesday (Dec. 13) that he would do nothing if the Thai Pride Party convinced people from the Pracharath Power Party and members of the House of Representatives (MP). "Take it all in. I'm not going to do anything, and I'm going to shut down the party." Gen. Pravit said the interview was interpreted as whether Gen. Pravit was discouraged. Because people from the Pracharath Power Party have been "sucked" into joining other more popular parties, especially the Proud Thai Party, it is not that there have been no politicians moving into the Pracharat Power Party in the past, because many people, such as Mr. Mingkwan Sangsuvarorn, the former head of the New Economy Party, and Mr. Nipitta Intrasom, who moved from the Thai Future Building Party, who previously moved out of the Democratic Party, said during this interview that the party's move may have been due to disagreements between the party and politicians, but in the past, there have also been people moving into the Pracharath Power Party.
Lawyer Anantchai Filed Seri Pisut Department of Government Exams The sluggishness of the Sri Suwan Association|Mr. Anantchai Chaiyadej The famous lawyer, who is the chairman of the Dharma Army Foundation, submitted a letter to Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves, a member of the House of Representatives (MP). Roster The Liberal Party of Thailand as chairman of the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Commission, House of Representatives. On Wednesday (Dec. 14), investigating the work of the Department of Government, the lawyer claimed that the department's work in the investigation to dissolve the Association of Thai Constitutional Defenders, Mr. SriSuwan, was not involved in the investigation. Charanya is the Secretary-General. Despite having provided a large amount of documents and evidence to the said government agencies, the results of the investigation have not come out even after several months, although they should be completed within 30 days," submitted a complaint to the Department of Government to revoke the Thai Constitutional Protection Association under Sections 102 (1) and (2) of the Civil and Commercial Code of SriSuwan Charanya from June 6, 2022 to today. The department, including the officers, is working like a crawling turtle." Mr. Anantchai said: "It's not like we're doing it today. I was lazy to answer problems to my brothers and sisters. Fans who came to ask me when this association would be revoked because the Thai Constitutional Protection Association caused a lot of damage to the complainants," Mr. Anantchai said. Explaining the reason for the association's revocation is because it is not done in accordance with the law, i.e. there is not a single financial meeting of the association. There was no meeting to elect the mayor and the board of directors. passive to not submit balance sheets", but government agencies. The current Director-General of the Department of Government and also the previous one. Officers too. Therefore, I submit a letter to you, Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut, as a member of the Board of Trustees. "It's not personal," Mr. Anantchai said. If you find it working, it's fine. Perform your duties or refrain from performing your duties, neglect your duties, and check the facts. And then prosecute the Director-General of the Department of Government, as well as government officials, for the sake of being a sockpuppet, not a singular one. It's been seven months since I thought," said Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut, who said the matter should be implemented within 30 days, but it hasn't come out of the Department of Government in recent months." It's done. How can the people see the truth? But what's this? The department of government is so late, it can be a habit of thai people, naha, not paying attention, etc. "It's an injustice, Naha." If you get it done quickly, it's going to take the people's brethren to follow the law. It would certainly be better for us to be calmer,"said the MP, referring to Srisuwan, who often went to file complaints using only one or a few sheets of paper, which was unidentified in making accusations against others, but instead caused a lot of trouble, and admitted that they were paid in these complaints, and those compensations went into their pockets. I didn't go into the association," Srisuwan said, taking the money and then going into his own pocket. This one is dishonest trickery. If Mr. Srisuwan is a civil servant, he is dead, behave like this," said Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut.
Let's not be a substitute!|Mr. Deshtawi Srivichai, Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Lampang District 4, The Liberal Party of Thailand, the party's only zoning mp. Goodbye prostration Lt. Gen. Seri Pisut Temiyeves, the party's leader, and the S.S. Roster, the Liberal Party of Thailand, resigned from the party on Wednesday (Dec. 14). A Facebook post said the party already had a primary candidate in the 2019 elections, but some accidents prevented it from running. But the party recently voted to send the same principal to the next election, where they respected the party's resolution. "Today, I had the opportunity to receive a sermon from Seri Pisut Temiyeves, the leader of the Liberal Unity Party of Thailand (with respectful goodbye), and thank you very much for your hospitality. #แต่ด้วยครั้งที่แล้ว, the party already had a main candidate at the time of the election, but by accident, unable to run for office, he put me in reserve. This time, the big elections, Mr. Deshtawi Srivichai, must be respected. The party's resolution to repatriate the same principal. As a result, I had to resign as a party member. To find a new affiliation, follow the time frame required by law. I would like to thank you very much, Seri PisutTemiyves, with all due respect." Mr. Deshtawi Post
31 S.S. Slap your feet, resign, smirk! Expected to co-launch "Proud Thai" 16 This Dec.|Congressional news reports Include members of the House of Representatives. Gradually resigned from December 13-15, 2022. Effective from December 13-15, 2022, it was reported that the majority of members of the House of Representatives who resigned would move to the Thai Pride Party in order to make their debut with the Proud Thai Party at the opening of the party office after renovation. On Friday, Dec. 16, there were still many congressmen who did not want to resign from congress at this time, wanting to resign at the end of the month. Jan 2023 because it is seen that there is still enough time to become a new member 90 days before election day. On Friday, Dec. 16, 37 MPs from other political parties who will be in the process of negotiating secret deals will participate in the event.
"Sujat, watch the smell," lungs infected, telling him he was sick and didn't lose his job. Sign the papers to the hospital.|Today (Dec. 15), Mr. Suchart Chomkol. The Minister of Labour posted a Facebook post showing himself hospitalized with a lung infection, stating that he was hospitalized. The cause of the illness is from the lungs being infected with bacteria, you have to give disinfectant for 6 nights. Admittedly, I've had very little rest, I myself have been almost 4 years old and have never been sick. The sick part of this cycle, presumably because of the recent past. There's a lot to think about. In the end, my body was exhausted, but I was sick. The job on duty is not flawed. In front of the room, I gasped for a file of papers to sign to the hospital. I wish all my friends a lot of rest. The body isn't Superman, so let's take some time to take care of yourself.
Representatives of a group of lawyers stormed the SriSuwan Prosecution Hall. Believe in the Party for Thailand|Mr. Vinayati Chakraborty The Secretary-General of the Confederation of Lawyers for Rights and Freedoms traveled to the Metropolitan Police Station (NSA) in two rooms. in Bangkok On Thursday (Dec. 15) to prosecute Mr. Srisuwan. Charnaya, secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Defenders, who complained of the dissolution of the Party for Thailand representing a group of lawyers, sees what Mr. SriSuwan did. It is believed that in violation of the provisions specified in the Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties, Section 101, Paragraph 1 and the Penal Code, Section 173, Paragraph 1 of Section 101, it is contended that those who make allegations against political parties knowing that they are false will be imprisoned for not more than 5 years and fined not more than 100,000 baht or both, and will be deprived of their right to vote under Section 173 of the Penal Code. Thaksin Shinawatra said he supports the party's policy of raising the minimum wage to 600 baht per day through the clubhouse application. If found guilty, it could even disband the political party, Mr. Vignati said, noting that the proposal to raise the minimum wage to 600 baht per day is typical of political parties to propose to the people democratically. And it's not a matter of whether this group of lawyers thinks that by having complainers about such rabbinic policies, political parties will not dare to propose good or different policies, thus exercising their right as citizens to protect their political rights.
On Dec. 22, the prime minister scheduled to appoint 17 khaki generals.|Prime Minister schedules a meeting Sq.22 This December, he discussed the appointment of khaki generals for a total of 17 positions and asked for a resolution to extend the appointment of the S.W.A. To the Deputy Chief of Staff, it is Jan. 31 next year, reporters report that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister will be the chairman of the Police Commissioner's Committee or SEC on December 22, with an interesting agenda: the appointment of a police commissioner at the level of police. Commander (Deputy Commissioner), Deputy Commander (Deputy Chief of Staff) and (Deputy Chief of Staff) For this meeting, "there may be" a proposal to seek a resolution from the meeting asking for an extension of the appointment of a rank police commissioner. Inspector (S.W.) to Deputy Commander (Deputy Commissioner), previously meeting SEC No. 10/2022 On October 27, 2022, the meeting passed a resolution. Request to extend the period of appointment of police officers at the level of S.W.A. to Deputy Commissioner for the year 2022 from the time frame according to the rules. The SEC on the appointment of police officers, which requires that the appointment of civil servants at the level of S.W.A. to Deputy Chief of Staff must be completed by Nov. 30, 2022, with the resolution of the SEC approving it to be extended until Dec. 31, 2022, for vacancies at the level of S.W.A. to Deputy Chief of Staff, with the following number as follows: 178 positions of Deputy Commissioner, 452 positions, 908 deputy positions, and 1,974 levels of Police Officers. A number of other positions, positions, and positions were alternated for reasons of postponement of appointments, because the appointment of a police commissioner was made. The appointment of civil servants in many areas, particularly those in the metropolitan police headquarters and troops from other HQ, which will require nearly 20,000 troops to be deployed, oversees the APEC 2022 meeting held from Nov. 18-19. The SEC has requested 17 positions such as the position of Commander of the National Police Commissioner's Office(s) as an existing position, one vacancy from Erie, and the position of Sergeant-at-Arms 8 (S.S.B.8) as an existing position, which is a vacancy from 1 Erie application.
Party for Thailand offering blessings Prince Pachrakitiyabha recovered from Prasad Prasad.|Party for Thailand, offering flower vases and signing blessings to His Majesty the Prince Royal Ratchasarnee Siripachar Department Maha vajraratthida to be recovered from the Prasad Prasad Party for Thailand, led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. S.S.Nan Leader of the Party for Thailand and Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong, S.S.Nakhon Ratchasima, Party General Secretary, Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation. Party for Thailand, Mr. Chakraborty Tang Suttham, S.S.Chiang Mai and Mrs. Supaporn Kongwut panya, S.S.S., Bangkok, offered a vase of flowers in front of the image of Her Majesty the King. Prince Pachrakitiyabha Narentirathepyavadi Royal Ratchasarnee Siripachar Department Maha vajrajrajthida is ready to sign a blessing offering, wishing him to be healed from Prasad prasad as soon as possible at the 1st floor, Bhumisirimangklanusorn Building. Chulalongkorn Hospital Rama IV Road, Pathumwan, Bangkok
Parina took her brother to the Thai Pride Party, but still loved his uncle in the world.|Ms. Parina Kraikupt Former members of the House of Representatives (MP) Ratchaburi District 3, Pracharath Power Party, accompanied by Mr. Sihadesh Kraikupt. Brother, and I opened up that today I became my brother's friend because he couldn't play politics anymore for the rest of his life. The famous MP revealed that his brother was the one who chose to join the Thai Pride Party. He honored his brother's decision. It's not mandatory and it's in its own district, because the Democratic Party already has a candidate. The political part is that. He advised his brother, but his brother was positive, so he shouldn't have a problem like himself, Ms. Parina assured the Ratchaburi people that they still trusted the Kraikupt family. Even though my brother is in this party and he still loves Uncle Pom-Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. And today, it's always going to go to uncles, who are undivided whether they have a position or don't have a position, and the people's power party doesn't send Mr. Sihadesh into that electoral district. Ms Parina said she did not know because it was the party's reason and insisted on it. Because if you don't mind, you won't go to uncle fort. Now it's still merciful to meet, and he knows because he already knows everything in this country, Mr. Sihadej said, the reason for joining the Thai Pride Party. This party says and does, and will it salvage space? There is no need to borrow because it is already the area of Ere Parina.
The House of Commons promoted the four-party roster, which also had an "encyclopedia."|House of Representatives Announcement of promotion of the 4 political parties with the resignation of the CONGRESS with "Enok" with the Gazette publishing the announcement of the House of Representatives on the matter of having the next named person on the list of political parties promoted to the House of Representatives in lieu of the vacancy due to the presence of members of the House of Representatives. A letter requesting his resignation has been issued since December 15, 2022. As a result, membership is terminated pursuant to Article 101(3) of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand, 2017, relying on the powers conferred by Article 105(2) of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. In 2017, he announced that the next nominee on the party's roster would be promoted to the House of Representatives. The Following: The People's Democratic Party Mr. Rongrak Boonsiri is the S.S.S. roster member instead. Mrs. Nandana Sangha Pracharat Party for the Nation Mrs. Busarinath Varadkarnann is the mp for the roster, replacing Mr. Ari Kornara of the Democratic Party. Ms. Sudham Rahong is the mp for the roster, replacing Prof. Kanok Wong, the party's sovereign power. Mr. Enok Dharmadhyaksha is a roster member instead. Miss ANUSARI THAPSUWAN
The government showed over 65 million vehicle registrations, reflecting the economy well.|The government showed more than 65 million vehicle registrations, reiterated purchasing power for the public sector, approved the production of 26 EV vehicles. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The number of vehicles registered by the Department of Land Transport reveals the number of vehicles registered, indicating an increase of more than 1 million vehicles. In the same period. Compared to last year, the economic recovery in consumption, services and manufacturing, as well as manufacturing, has given people and entrepreneurs more purchasing power, and most recently, the 39th Motor Expo 2022 on Dec. 12. A total of 36,679 cars were booked at the event, an increase of 16.1% from the previous year, worth more than 50,000 million baht. As many as 5,800 electric vehicles have been booked, Ms. Ratchada said, according to statistics from the Transportation Statistics Group, Division of Plans. The Department of Land Transport as of May 30, 2022, found that there were a total of 41,955,920 registered vehicles, up from 1,067,969 last year on the same day. Trucks and registered cars are suspended, and cars are not used forever, where the number of electric vehicles is growing considerably. In line with the 2030 target, the production of 725,000 electric vehicles per year represents 30% of total vehicle production, which will allow by 2030 to generate added value to gross domestic product of not less than 200,000 million baht and create demand for modern automotive workers at about 30,000 rates per year. Indicates the number of cars in Thailand. Especially in the growing group of cars and personal bicycles. Pointing out that the higher purchasing power of Thais clearly reflects the economic recovery. At the same time, the number of electric vehicles, which totals more than 300,000 registered vehicles, especially in the passenger car segment, confirms the effectiveness of the government's electric vehicle promotion policy, which will lead to reducing carbon dioxide emissions to solve global warming. For 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Automotive Enterprises In addition, measures to promote investment in the production of electric vehicles/motorcycles through tax measures are considered to be very effective. The Board of Investment (BOI) has approved 26 electric vehicle projects from 17 companies.
"Somkid," warned "Anutin." Use cobras to pile up, beware of houses breaking down. Point out the public knows what factors the CONGRESS moved the party from.|Mr. Somkid Sengkong, S.S.Ubonratchathani The Party for Thailand, as deputy chairman of the Opposition Coalition Coordinating Committee or Opposition Whip, referred to the case of Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health. As the leader of the Thai Pride Party A new party office was opened ready. The mp who moved the party to the Thai Pride Party was said to be the piling of the Thai Pride Party. If the hammer is not deep enough, it can cause the house to collapse. Importantly, even if the piles are good, if the roof leaks, there can be problems because people choose to go into the same ideology or the same way of thinking. Mr Somkid said that because the incorporation of the Thai Pride Party is politically unusual, it is a matter of using a number of factors to convince politicians to move political parties. In spite of this, this is extraordinary. Politically, it's politics in a democracy. It shouldn't have happened that factors were used to gather a lot of people. In addition, from the phenomena that have occurred at the Thai Pride Party. Why did the CONGRESS move the party, what was the factor for the CONGRESS to move the party? The public knows it all, so it's the party's pride. Use a cobra to hammer the pile, is it certain that the structure will be strong if the pile is not tight enough? Beware, the house will collapse as well.
The far-right reveals a sad clip, a young lamenter who is ineligible to sign same-sex couple surgery because it's legal.|The Far-Right Party unveiled an advertising clip on Saturday (Dec. 17) campaigning in support of a bill that would allow couples of all genders to register their marriages like regular male and female couples, also known as the Equal Marriage Bill. But the man had no right to sign a doctor to surgically treat his lover. For this reason, doctors can only say that there is no law guaranteeing the relationship of this couple who is a hemophobic couple, and can only comfort the man who is crying other than this couple. But the bank advised one of the couples to take out a loan with their "husband" because there was a greater chance that the bank would approve the loan than the other couple preparing to do business together, but one of them died first. It would cost business to draft the Equal Marriage Act, proposed by the far-right party, as well as amending the Civil and Commercial Code on several issues relating to marriage. One of them is to change the meaning from that restricted to couples. "Men and women" are "individuals and individuals". The House of Representatives drafted the bill in its 1st session and passed it as amended by the Commission. However, until the end of 2022, only 33 countries and territories grant marriage rights to couples of all genders, mainly in Europe and South America, if only Asia is counted. Taiwan is the only territory where couples of all genders have the right to marry.
"For Thailand," agreed. The Federation of Industries stopped raising electricity bills.|For Thai, agree. The Federation of Industries stops raising electricity bills, pointing to Thailand's competitiveness to reduce, recommends 4 ways to reduce electricity bills in the short and long term. A spokesman for the Economic Working Group of the Party for Thailand and the candidate of The Bangkok Council, Bangrak Sathorn Pathumwan, said that the government announced the increase in electricity prices for businesses and industries from 4.72 baht per unit to 5.69 baht per unit, causing so much distress to the business and industrial sectors that the Federation of Thai Industries had to issue a call to stop raising electricity bills. Because the business sector cannot bear each other, since at the beginning of the year it was still at 3.70 baht per unit, or raised the price by 53%, which is very heavy, and Vietnam, which is a competitor of Thailand, charges only 2.88 baht per unit of electricity, which is almost double the difference. In addition, raising the cost of electricity will lead to higher costs of producing goods. Producers will also have to raise prices for goods, cause inflation to rise, and people will suffer from the already high cost of living as aggravating the hardships. Therefore, if the government continues to insist on raising electricity bills to that level, it will reduce Thailand's competition. Foreign investors will not invest in Thailand but will turn to Vietnam. Thailand's competitiveness has recently dropped to five spots from 28th to 33rd place, which is already poor. It is caused by the mismanagement of the government itself. As a result, the cost of electricity generation has skyrocketed and liquefied natural gas or LNG with high prices must be imported into the production of electricity in large quantities. In particular, the issue of delivering gas mining concessions in the Gulf of Thailand. Myanmar's gas supply has been reduced, and electricity generation has exceeded demand. Therefore, we propose a way to fix the price of electricity, i.e. do not just raise the price of electricity. The government had to negotiate a settlement in the dispute over the delivery of concessions in the Gulf of Thailand so that gas could be used to generate electricity without interruption, negotiating a reduction in the availability of finished power plants but not supplying electricity because of the large over-capacity. There will also be several power plants to be completed, which will have to pay more for this readiness, stop granting all kinds of power generation permits until the demand for electricity increases and the proportion of electricity generated in excess of demand is reduced, accelerate energy resources negotiations in the maritime overlap between Thailand and Cambodia. To bring in natural gas to generate electricity at a lower price and thus reduce the price of electricity. In addition, the government will earn a lot of money to help the people, which these five approaches can do immediately and will reduce Thailand's energy prices. In addition, Thailand will have energy security. An effective government must take into account the impact of energy prices on the entire economy, not just energy prices, so keeping energy prices at the lowest prices to help the people is necessary, and if the Party for Thailand becomes a government, it will immediately reduce the price of oil, electricity prices and LPG prices in order to reduce the burden of public expenditure and to reduce inflation. 
"Juri, you're going to have to do it." Inauguration of the S.S. Songkhla Chair on behalf of the Daring National Development Party.|On December 17th, at Central Festival Hat Yai, Songkhla. The National Development Party is led by Prime Minister Jatikwanich. The party's leaders and party executives launched the polls in four electoral districts comprising District 1, Mr. Kandy Navakan, District 2, Mr. Juri Yongkaew (Juri Lang), District 3 Mr. Prasit Rattanaphan and District 9 candidate Mr. Pongsathorn Suwansa. The former 6th Congressional District candidate dared, which considers all four candidates to be a new generation. Be willing and ready to work for the development of the homeland and do politics constructively during the oratory. Mr. Juri Singh is another candidate who has caught the public's attention. Open your heart and state that you are ready to be the figure of the Songkhla people. Every congressman should have the right to act. Obligations should not be reserved for a particular group of people, let alone one influence group. Under the same constitution. Everyone should have done this job. Insist on doing new, constructive politics, and overlooking conflicts.   
"Jiraporn" sees "Prayuth" as 8 years of Thai-EU FTA negotiations To no avail.|"Jiraporn" sees "Prayuth" as having been in the hands of 8 years, negotiating the Thai-EU FTA has not been fruitful. Do the country lose its chances. Dismissed as a skilled person to replace Ms. Jiraporn Sindhupri. S.S. Roi Et The Party for Thailand discusses the case of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. prime minister Travel to asean summit –European Union A special session in Brussels, Belgium, said that even in this meeting, Thailand has signed the Framework Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Union and its member states with the Kingdom of Thailand (Thai-EU PCA), which claims to be the basis for the preparation of the Thai-EU FTA. There is absolutely no way to achieve that claim, Ms. Jiraporn continued, adding that Thailand began negotiating for a Thai-EU FTA. During the government of Ms Yingluck Shinawatra, a former prime minister, the European Union suspended negotiations in 2014 due to a coup by Gen. Prayuth, while ASEAN member states such as Singapore and Vietnam, which began negotiations at a similar time to Thailand, were able to complete negotiations and take advantage of the FTA. This has cost Thailand enormous opportunities. Although the government of Gen. Prayut, using the 2017 constitution to inherit power through elections that many people have questioned, has proved his inefficiency, because after nearly four years of elections, it has not been able to push the Thai-EU FTA negotiations to take place. Thailand-EU FTA Thailand will be able to reap more benefits. Back to putting the power and budget into the CPTPP agreement, despite the fact that Thailand may not have lost it and there were strong opposition from many parties. Finally, negotiations have not taken place since the signing of the PCA framework agreement, not a confirmation that General Prayuth's government will be able to push for a Thai-EU FTA. Because today it has proven to be out of hand in international trade. Since the policy statement in 2019, nearly four years have passed, it has not been possible to revive the negotiations with the EU initiated by Ms Yingluck's government. Gen. Prayuth's coup d'état has cost Thailand enormous opportunities for economic exploitation on the world stage. The costs that the country has to pay for Gen. Prayuth's inefficiency are too high to assess. Instead, it should be retreated to a skilled government to run the country.
Superpole points to people trusting "Anutin". - Remember the party as much as possible.|A super poll released on Sunday (Dec. 18) found that the sample trusted Thai Pride Party leader Anutin Charnveerakul, who now serves as deputy prime minister and health minister, as the solution to the problem. The bottom line was Ms. Patongthan Shinawatra from the Party for Thailand at 38.8%, and the third was Mr. Churin Laksanavisit from the Democratic Party at 35.8%. He said the Proud Thai Party is also the party that has the most public awareness, with 72.7% of the vaccine administered at Bang Sue Central Station and has an outstanding track record of caring for medical personnel and village health volunteers (ASOM). In remote areas, the second most in terms of people's memory is the Thai Pride Party, with 58.1% identifying as patriotic and protecting the nation's most pillar institutions.
"Wittaya" Yanmi, S.S., moved to unite Thailand to build a nation. Wait, each person decides for himself.|"Vidya" Yan has a congressman moved into thailand to create a nation, of course. Waiting for each person to make their own decisions. The party did not rush Mr. Wittaya Kaew bharadai, deputy leader of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building. disclosed to prepare that at candidates. He said that the preparation of the party's MP candidates had already made significant progress by Mr. Eknat Prompan. The party's secretary-general, and himself, who oversees the preparation coordination, said that at the candidates of the South, and in the phatthalung provincial administration, the provincial administration of Phatthalung has prepared almost all the candidates for the Northeast. That's why the candidates for the northeastern provinces have now been completed. It's only clear when asked when congressmen from other parties will join the party. Mr. Wittaya said the congressman would move to the party. It's not yet known when it will come, but the CONGRESS can't tell, but insists that congressmen from other parties have joined the National Unity Party.
Netizens buzz! Predicting the World Cup results at the beginning of the year, they were both qing-winners, and won the lottery.|Facebook users shared a post in which Mr. Thanathorn prospered. The chairman of the Progressive Party had previously posted on Jan. 10, more than 11 months ago, that Argentina would beat France in the World Cup final. 2022"France will not be able to defend their champions Lionel Messi, who has won the Ballon d'Or six times, will unleash his last power, leading Argentina to a World Cup title." Mr. Thanathorn The reason why the post received another buzz just before monday morning (Dec. 19) was because what Mr Thanathorn had posted matched what actually happened: argentina and france are world cup match and france team can't keep the championship. With a 2-to-4 score, internet users have come forward to comment underneath the post on the accuracy and accuracy of the predictions. The dramatics have prompted many to call on Mr Thanathorn to hint at the Dec. 30 world cup predictions, part of a post in which the former politician-turned-businessman predicts what will happen throughout the year. Many of the things that Mr. Thanathorn expects are true, one of which is the covid-19 pandemic. The former leader of the New Future Party said the U.S., which pursues policies for people to coexist with the pandemic, will have a busier economy. Meanwhile, China is trying to push the number of infections to zero. It will have to be at the expense of very high socioeconomic costs.
The Court of Appeal, standing judge, ordered the KGT to pay "Surapon" 62 million baht. Orange Leaf Distribution Case|The court of appeals ordered. Kgt indemnified more than 62 million to Mr. Surapol Kiatchaiyakorn, S.S.Chiang Mai Party for Thailand After handing out orange leaves, he had to leave the CONGRESS and use the budget to hold new elections. In 2019, at 10:30 a.m. today (December 20) at Hod Provincial Court, Chiang Mai. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals read the judgment of the Electoral Commission, or SEC, appealing the order of the lower court granting the judgment. The SEC had to reimburse 70 million baht. With interest to indemnify the case of giving orange leaves to Mr. Surapol Kiatchaiyakorn, candidate of S.S. Chiang Mai District 8, Party for Thailand, the Court of Appeal stood by the judgment of the Court of First Instance, but reduced the damages from 70 million baht to 56.7 million baht with interest. Starting from November 16, 2019 at a rate of 7.5% per annum until April 10, 2021, and from April 11, 2021 to the present, at a rate of 5% per annum, the principal amount of 56.7 million, including interest, will be approximately 62 million baht. Hod Provincial Court, 1999. The COMPANY indemnified more than 64 million baht in damages to Mr. Surapol Kiatchaiyakorn, candidate of S.S. District 8, Chiang Mai, for the resolution to revoke the voter's right to vote from the case of merit in the case of 2,000 baht of merit in the 2019 election period. The SEC clarifies that it has acted in good faith and prudently, and has exercised its investigative or investigative powers as necessary or deemed appropriate, in accordance with the 2017 Constitution, Section 224(2), to keep up with the announcement of election results within 60 days, provided that there is reasonable evidence to believe that the election was not conducted in good faith and fairly. Therefore, the SEC has the power to temporarily suspend candidates for election. The order of the KGT is final in accordance with article 225 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand.
The registration of The Prime Minister's car, Big Tu, went to the area to check the floods of Songkhla, tearing up the southerners.|Win this lottery 30/12/65. Inspecting the floods of Songkhla Kwong M.T.1 with the Minister and Secretary of State Thanakorn-Piraphan to the area yesterday (Dec 20), Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Traveled to the southern flood monitoring area in Songkhla and Phatthalung provinces with Gen. Anuphong Jinda. The Minister of The Interior also had Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong win. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, who first served as a minister with the Prime Minister, and Mr. Piraphan Saliratvipak, the Prime Minister's Secretary- General, whom the Cabinet resolved to appoint today when the Prime Minister arrives at Hat Yai International Airport. Songkhla received a briefing on the flood situation from the governor of Songkhla province. There are the Congress of the People's Democratic Party and the Congress of the Democratic Party to welcome the Prime Minister and the faculty consisting of: Mr. Payom Brahmaphet, S.S.Songkhla, District 3, R.T.Arun Sawasdee, S.S.Songkhla, District 4, Mr. Sastra Sripan S.S. Songkhla, District 2, and Mr. Jee Ratchasi, MP for Democrat Party, as well as the candidate of S.S. District 5, Songkhla, Mr. Pricha Sukkasem. The coordinator of the Songkhla Brothers Lover Network will be colliding with Male prime minister Mr. Deschamps, a Democrat, S.S., who came to welcome it. The Prime Minister will join the Thai Unity Party to build a nation. In the upcoming elections, and after the briefing. Flood situation from The Governor of Songkhla Province The Prime Minister personally invited the Congress of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) to meet for talks, with Gen. Anuphong Jinda. Minister of the Interior Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, and Mr. Piraphan Saliratvipak, Secretary-General of the Prime Minister. The head of the Thai Unity Party builds a nation, and Mr. Seksakol Atthawong. Party leader Ted Tai Join us for about 10 minutes before heading to the temple. Moo 1, Kamphaeng Phet Subdistrict, Ratchaphum District, Songkhla Province, to visit 100 victims when the Prime Minister, leaving the lounge, stopped to greet the authorities and asked for encouragement to everyone. We've got to keep this area going and then the Prime Minister, we've got a ride in the Transformers. The orange color of the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation, registered 1 P.A. 2935, Bangkok, while in social media, songkhla and raffle necks, missed the registration number at the prime minister. On December 30, 2022, Facebook user Arkom Kongthong posted a picture of The Temple of Khao Falling in the Water. Ratchaphum, Songkhla province, reads, "The license plate number of the car on which the Prime Minister sits is 1 P.B. 2935, there is a house for sale, there is a car for sale, but the lottery dealer has exhausted all the doors.
The prime minister's car registration to Chiang Rai. The police maid gave her a red rose instead of her heart.|The Prime Minister to Chiang Rai thanked the Red Roses instead of heart. The police maid gave it to him. The students who came to greet where the house was, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, along with the group, arrive at Mae Fah Luang Airport. Mueang Chiang Rai Chiang Rai province, with The Minister of Education, Miss Trinuch Tianthong, welcomed the group of police maids who were waiting to be picked up and presented red roses to the Prime Minister and the faculty, saying "Thank you, Jah, Red Roses instead of hearts", and taking a photo together before the Prime Minister departed in a car, registration 9933 Chiang Rai, to preside over the opening of the Thai-Japan Student ICT Fair 2022 at the Auditorium of Chulapornaraj College, Chiang Rai, Rob wiang, Muang. Chiang Rai, as soon as the Prime Minister arrived, met with the students who were waiting to be greeted in front of the building, inquiring about the study department, which the students identified as studying the Science – Mathematics department while teasing the students who were waiting to be greeted to see where the house was. The Prime Minister then said no, we are Japanese or Thai, we are half Japanese or say that she is half Japanese, I think she is from Japan, which elicits laughter from the students who are waiting to be greeted.
Parinaseng My sister had been out on the train for half a day, had to be dragged into the center, saying one word, "Ymorzt."|Today (Dec. 21), Ms. Parina Kraikupt. Former MP for Ratchaburi People's Democratic Party He posted a picture of herself, along with a beautiful red-labeled electric car that my sister had just bought less than a day ago, and she said she had borrowed less than a day to drive and had to get the slide car to be picked up and checked. Parina said her sister bought a famous EV brand less than a day and borrowed it for less than half a day. I had to wait for the tow truck to enter the repair center. The sister said, #ยมอรซต. Parina Someone came in and asked for the best number, so he answered with a picture. The car's red badge gives fans the license plate number A-5930 to try their luck before checking the lottery.
The Mp for Thailand resigned, leaving 438 members of parliament.|The CONGRESS resigned further, the Council informed S.S. Surin. The Thai Economic Party resigned, leaving 438 members of the House of Representatives, and Thailand nominated S.S. Lamphun as the House of Representatives' affairs committee instead of Popular, who resigned to the House of Representatives meeting with Mr. Supachai Phosu. Vice President of the House of Representatives The 2nd served as chairman of the meeting. When entering the matter, inform to know. The chairman of the meeting informed that Mr. Nattapol Jarasrapepong, S.S.Surin, District 2, Thai Economic Party, had issued a letter requesting his resignation as MP since December 22, 2022, resulting in the termination of membership of the S.S.S. in accordance with Article 101 (3), resulting in 438 members of the current clerk, a semi-quorum of 219 persons, and also informed the meeting that Mr. Anand Singh was the director. S.S. Kamphaengphet, Pracharat Power Party As chairman of the House of Representatives Affairs Committee, he informed that he was asked to appoint kmth. In lieu of a vacancy due to Mr. Yong Singh's resignation from S.S. Phitsanulok. As a result, the position became vacant, with the Party for Thailand asking the Party for Thailand to nominate a person, and then the representative of the Party for Thailand nominated Mr. Sang Pong mani, S.S.Lamphun, of the Party for Thailand, to be the Kmthon Affairs Council instead. 
The prime minister delivered the 66-year-old Children's Day motto, "Know duty, discipline, desire for good."|The Prime Minister delivered the 66th Children's Day slogan "Know duty, discipline, desire for goodness". Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, said: The Prime Minister presented the slogan for National Children's Day 2023: "Know duty, discipline, desire for good". Gen. Prayuth has given the National Children's Day slogan to children a total of 8 times since 2015, this time for the 9th time on the occasion of National Children's Day 2023.
"Memorial" kept an eye on "Big Tu" on the campaign trail, risking breaking the law.|"Memorial," cameo, keeping an eye on it. "Big Tu" walks the line down the area, risks illegality, reiterates strict law enforcement, provides honest elections, said Mr. Anusorn Iamsai, deputy secretary of the Party's Strategy and Political Direction Committee for Thailand, referring to the case of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha, the prime minister, who announced the clarity to be the prime minister of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building. Raise the pretext of the Democratic Party nomination. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The deputy prime minister, the party's leader, said Gen. Prayuth had decided to leave. Prawit, who has been around for more than 40 years with the Ruling Dao Party, shut down the country for a few years, despite the fact that the old political party that led the PDP used to be closed its doors. I don't want to take it back, I don't know if Gen. Prayut will throw his future there, or become the prime minister halfway through the thai unity party to build a nation. The SEC must keep an eye on it, it must enforce the law honestly, not double standards. The line must be split between pursuing government policy and seeking a vote. Gen. Prayuth must not use the resources of the state. It doesn't take the bureaucracy's time to find a voice that risks illegality and exploits other political parties. The iron rule governs the 180-day campaign before the House of Commons' term expires, requiring politicians to not be allowed to vote. Political parties exploit if Gen. Prayuth tries to rely on loopholes to hit the ground for a scathing campaign. I must not put my ears to the field. It must not be discriminated against if Gen. Prayuth runs a campaign and claims to follow the government's policies. But today, many agencies are busy, barely accepting government orders because they read clearly that Gen. Prayuth will not be returning, so there is unlikely to be any work to follow. The GOVERNMENT must strictly enforce the law in order to achieve honest and fair elections.
"Libertarianism" raises the question, is "Big Tu" the root cause of the problem?|"Libertarianism". Launch of candidates for Thawee Wattana District Listen to the people's problems and question Gen. Prayuth is the cause of the problem. The head of the Liberal Party of Thailand, along with Mr. Virat Worassirin Ms. Naruto Peshrjinda Deputy Party Leader and Region Chairman, Bangkok, Mr. Somchai Srisuttyakorn, Chairman of the Party Strategy, visited Thawee Wattana district. Lead Mr. Disciplinary Varma said that at the candidate, S.S.T., Thawee Wattana District. Ready to wish the New Year and listen to the voices of the people in various fields in order to take the next step, the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that near the end of the new year, we wish the Thai people and the people of Bangkok a happy year. It is now unknown when Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha will dissolve the council. On this day, the party must be ready. And wishing the Thai People a New Year that for more than 8 years, when Thais have been with Gen. Prayut, everyone should ask themselves if that is enough, because General Prayut said that he would reform politics. Today, everyone should know what Gen. Prayuth thinks. How to talk, do it? Now, there's been a lot of congressional approaches to move the party. Their party has also been bought out. Ask why. Is Gen. Prayuth the cause of the problem? So, the New Year's gift that they want from Thais and Bangkok residents is that the next election asks them to consider their party to solve problems for the country. People read books in advance with people reading before going to exams. Hopefully, this election will give the Liberal Party of Thailand and the district a chance to bring the disciplinary officer to the S.S. as well, in order to help solve the problems for the country.
"Padipat" points to an 8-year-old failed government. The public wants change.|"Padipat" points to an 8-year-old failed government. The people want change, reiterate their candidates, and all circumstances-rules, aiming to win more electoral seats in the lower north. Santibada, S.S.Phitsanulok, District 1, and Executive Director of Northern Proportions. The party went a long way. As director of training courses for provincial directors and candidates. Speaking about the party's readiness for elections in the Lower North Province, the Mp for Lower North Province said that over the course of eight years, what the people of the Lower North Provinces have faced is the failure of the government. Every policy ever promised to do so. It does not follow the government's claims, particularly its policies related to the livelihoods of the people of the area, such as tackling arable land rights, flooding, drought, falling agricultural crop prices, high production costs, flooding debts, etc. The trade economy is stiff. Even special economic zones fail. Therefore, today the people want a change in which every candidate of the far-right party is ready for any election. Every rule, we have more talented people. It has a stronger team, and has more experience from the last election as a new future party. Our goal is to push that to the candidates. The party's district councillors are elected by the people. Further expanded from Phitsanulok District 1, however, ideological politics is already firmly flagged at Phitsanulok. We will continue our journey more vigorously. We believe that based on the party's work and the public's feelings of wanting to see change, in the upcoming elections, people in the lower north will give the party more opportunities to advance and will expand to many provinces across the country.
"Wrath," he rejoiced. "The Prime Minister" clearly joins the RATSC. Increase social choices|"Wrath," he rejoiced. "The Prime Minister" clearly joins the RATSC. If the council is dissolved today, the BJP is ready for elections, and there is still another MP in the party, Mr. Varawudh Singh Asha. Minister of Natural Resources and Environment as head of the Thai Pattana Party Referring to the announcement of joining the Thai National Unity Party of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. Prime Minister: It's a good thing because the election is close. If the Prime Minister wishes to continue his political path, of course, there must be a nomination in one of the political parties. But today it is clear that Gen. Prayuth will be at the Thai National Unity Party, which is considered to have potential personnel. He thinks it's an alternative to Thai society to be clear in the prime minister's more political context, as a sign that there will be dissolution of parliament and whether there will be elections sooner. He thinks there's only three months left now. From now on, when the Council will be dissolved is no different, believing that all parties are prepared to some degree. Just wait for a sign that the prime minister will dissolve the council and then the election will take place. As for the Thai National Party developing even today, we are ready for elections at the same time. Mr. Varawut also revealed that in the future, there will definitely be other MPs in the House of Assembly to join the Thai Pattana Party, but have not yet asked for the name to be opened, fearing that it will not come, and accept that it is a medium or small party, not a big party, so gradually take one step at a time, not waverly but firmly, and hopefully it will be a surprise"to its surprise, but not sure if it is a surprise to the press".
"Battle of Pong", the Director-General of the Meteorological Department, did not alert the high waves, causing the royal shipwreck.|"Battle of Pong" crashed the royal ship Sukhothai, causing the Director-General of the Meteorological Department to make a false prediction. Don't let go through the discussion prep. M.152 Prime Minister-Chaiwut before filing the PDP repeatedly accused him of misconduct of the Party for Thailand led by Mr. Yutpong Jarassang, S.S. Mahasarakham and Deputy Leader of the Party for Thailand, along with Mr. Jirapong Sangwacharaporn, S.S. Nonthaburi and Miss Linthiporn Warinawacharoj. The Deputy Secretary-General of the Party for Thailand gave a press conference on the deep cause of the royal warship Sukhothai wreckage and the opening of the debate on distrust under Article 152 of the Constitution. Condolences to the injured, killed and missing. The loss was significant because it was a top-notch ship, with the flag being flagged as a result of a meteorological department error because it had to weather forecasts, he told naval officials. Fishermen said there would be a strong windstorm, but no alerts were issued to the royal boats. If alerted, no boats would be driven out to the area with winds as strong as 6 metres, said Mr. Yutpong, the current Director-General of the Meteorological Department, who is on duty, who has never worked for the Meteorological Department. And it's an old clerk who used to work for the old Minister of Digital Economy and Society. The Director-General of the Meteorological Department is responsible for this caused by faulty weather forecasts. This, if an alert was issued, the Royal Sukhothai ship would not leave Sattahip Port. In addition, it is seen as misplaced, a forecast of the wind wave. Broadly, it doesn't tell you the coordinates or the obvious location. Mr. Yutpong challenged the lawsuit if it was not true. and challenged them to come out on TV against the weather forecasters and if the relevant authorities did not investigate. They will definitely file the National Anti-Corruption Commission (UDD), which requires someone responsible for not having to die for free. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister in Section 152, which they will debate themselves. It's about the prime minister putting a clerk with no knowledge to work. In addition, the digital minister, Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, will also be held accountable for the nominations to be made for the duties, which Gen. Prayuth has already drafted, which Gen. Prayut manages the land lacks integrity, does not comply with the policies proposed to the Council, and Gen. Prayut never visited or watched the military after he spoke in the Council, so he went down to follow up, but in Chiang Rai and the South, it was a campaign because he wanted to be prime minister again.
"Lindhiporn" sued "Prayuth" to solve no drug problem.|"Linthiporn," pointed "Prayuth." Tackling drug problems is not reluctant to stop claiming to continue working for 8 years, not doing so, said Ms. Linthiporn Warinawacharoj, deputy secretary-general of the Party for Thailand, said the drug problem that is happening to Thai society at the moment has clearly reflected the mistakes and failures of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence To address the drug problem in all aspects over the past 8 years, whether it's a matter of repression. Prevention and rehabilitation According to the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council for the third quarter of 2022, approximately 1.36 million Thais were exposed to stress and depression in September, with 90.6% of patients admitted in September, up from the same month of 2022. However, according to the performance report of the Office of Drug Prevention and Suppression (UDD). In 2022, only half of drug patients received care, with 57.74 per cent of the 53,484 at-risk drug patients receiving care, and 25,234 of whom were unsupervised. Not paying attention or planning to manage the drug problem seriously and sustainably, and is degrading the security of Thai people's lives. In addition to the old problem, "drugs" cannot be solved, it also adds to the new problem of "free marijuana" because of the hemp, marijuana, and many legal loopholes. It is going to be a disaster that will have a detrimental effect on children and young people in Thailand, the solution to the drug problem must be carried out comprehensively. In addition to repression, prevention must be known. Today, the government must explore rehabilitation centers and staff. Doctors provide enough. Patient monitoring requires close contact. and in a general, non-consensus discussion, pursuant to Jan. 152, in January of 2023. The Party for Thailand will clearly point out the mistakes and failures of Gen. Prayuth's government, from the origins of the failed crackdown on drugs to making methamphetamine cheaper than noodles, and prevention. It rehabilitates inefficient remedies and points out why Thais should be able to do enough with a leader named Gen. Prayut. 
"Nevin", predicted after the election, all parties could form a government, answering the "Thaksin" hand-wringing knot.|Mr. Nevin Chid likes it. The executive chairman of Buriram United Football Club, as the headmaster of the Thai Pride Party, spoke about the political situation. After the upcoming elections in 2023, Thailand and Thai politics There is no real friendliness. There are no permanent enemies, no belief at all, and that is the most important mechanism. The decision of the people at the time of the election will force politicians and political parties to know what the people want, while political polarization will make it a problem to form a government. Mr. Nevin Given that the subject is polarized. Stop thinking about it. Polarity Matters If at any time, we're still polarizing, dividing colors, like this. The city can't go anywhere. Part of Buriram arrived today and developed by leaps and bounds in 10 years, growing more than any other province in Thailand because we don't have polarity. Policies that benefit the nation and its people will be what makes decisions for political parties. If you do things that are not beneficial to the people and the public, no matter who you are, we can't participate, but if the policies, the way of thinking, put the interests of the nation and the people as a whole before the private. It all goes out of its way to relate to Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. If you're going to join hands to form a government, have you forgotten about the past? Nevin said it's a thing of the past, the question today is who the Party for Thailand belongs to, who drives it, who sets party policy for Thailand, who runs the Party for Thailand, if the party leader. Member of the Party Executive Committee The current party leader, the entire executive, has no conflict with Thai Pride Party leader Anutin Charnveerakul, and he doesn't see that there is a conflict. Even Mr. Thaksin and Mr. Anutin, however, have no problem. Don't take your identity as a location. He is not about the Thai Pride Party, it's just the principal, it's just Uncle Nevin, Mr. Nevin said, the direction of the Thai Pride Party is about the party's executive director. He was a party member, not a party executive, not a party leader. The people who are in the Party are proud of Thailand today versus the people who are in the Party for Thailand Today. People who are in the Democratic Party today. The people who are in the People's Democratic Party today. I don't see how anyone has a disagreement, why not merge if the policy is beneficial to the public? They can walk together. Mr. Nevin said? When setting up a party, announcing policies, talking only about the interests of the nation and the people, but only if the election is done. It's a useful thing, and it's the needs of the nation and the people don't do it, and then it's going to set up a party, why play politics, and then it shows that the party is set up for its own sake. Isn't it for the benefit of the nation and its people?
Government Title 2022 : Prime Minister "Eight Stains" The government has nicknamed it a "good man mask."|Correspondents report that the annual government and ministerial nominations of reporters at Government House, which have long been a tradition, reflect the opinions of the press on the functioning of the government without prejudice. Minister and Speech of the Year 2022 as follows: "Mask of good people" is another year in which everyone still needs to wear a mask. To prevent the spread of COVID-19 Meanwhile, Under the guise of government, the image is constantly remembered as a good person. Every policy is done for the city and the people. Instead, there are doubts about whether they can continue to follow the declared intentions, such as marijuana policies, which pretend to be made for the public, but when the effects of misuse become a social problem, they escalate. Even legislation regulating its use is impractical. Finally, push the burden on the police, simply because they want a checklist based on the policies they campaign for. The populist policies that have launched the campaign, whether hooked, fished, or promulgated constitutional amendments, are ambiguous as to whether the benefits belong to the people or politicians. But regardless of the policy of any political party. When it came out on behalf of the government, the people became suspicious, under the guise of proclaiming a good man. Is it true? Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister : The "eight-year term of office as Prime Minister" has shaken Gen Prayut's image over the past year and has become a charge. to the legitimacy of the long-standing dominance of the Prime Minister's Chair. Gen. Prayuth is considered the first prime minister of Thailand to be ordered by a court to stop performing his duties, even for just 38 days, leaving society skeptical of gen. Prayut,who has always said he is not clinging to power. Everything is done for the city and the people. Not conducive to dissent. Even more so when the problem under the rug is dug up. It's too close to brush off ties, whether it's populist policies, gray capital supporting political parties, or even politicians close to them. A close military officer who sat on the energy company's board of directors, despite failing to prove legal action, was seen as no longer clear and unclean. Pravit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister : "Long Prime Minister"Although it is only 38 days to serve as prime minister, according to the constitutional court order, General Pravit has done his best, although it is not the first time that he has tried to be prime minister so many times that a real person like Gen. Prayut has to go on a foreign mission. Big Brother in the 3 P. group, as S.R.2, has always acted as a substitute, but it may not last as long as this time, which has full power (at the time). If the Council is to be dissolved, it can be done. The reserves and cheering troops, spun the tide, even promulgated the "hearts of the lads" to act as prime minister, and the area was scrambling to get the real prime minister's cheer, hot and cold, but in the end it was only "try", said Mr. Vishnu Ngam. Deputy Prime Minister : The "washing machine", the legendary patriarchal legal singularity, is used to meet the needs of all governments, including the main parties, the coalition parties, the indiscriminate parties, helping to lift the mountain out of the bosom. Reduce troubling problems, act like machinery, and wash away any irregularities that have occurred to the government. What went through the hands of this waiter, Neti? Don't expect anyone to argue, for example, the 8-year knot of prime minister's tenure, constitutional amendments, or even the Agra gold mine of Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health: "proud suck, say and doi", "say and do", is the Thai Pride Party skogan, but whether it's done successfully or not is another matter. Despite unlocking marijuana from being a drug, the law governs stalemate. It's a social problem. Juveniles have easy access to marijuana. When it's thrown back into the hands of the operations officers, the heads will ache for the whole country. While the coalition government's role has always been regarded as a good boy, when the election drums sound, they play the role of a power-sucking daivo. S.S., politicians, both from the same and polar opposites, kind of don't care about the prom page. Notably, the presentation of marijuana policy was presented by Mr. Churin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce: "Income Insurance" is the main campaign policy of the Democratic Party. Mr. Churin, as the party's leader, also sits in the chair of the deputy prime minister and the Ministry of Trade, has been so heavily focused on the policy that he has barely focused on other tasks. Rice prices don't stop, but agricultural products are constantly throwing money into insurance. Therefore, the question of solving the government's problem with income insurance is whether it is the right way to do that?' said Mr. Don Pramatiti, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs: "Apec is one of thailand's biggest jobs in 20 years with economic opportunities after the COVID-19 pandemic. The open country policy is everyone's hope to get the country out of the traps, but his role as minister cannot create awareness or attract the attention of the people of the country as much as it should. Hosting APEC is therefore like being perceived only in the circles involved. Not to mention the seemingly small global interest, which has drawn comparisons to past governments that have hosted major events. Failed since the system registered. Even the flag waving was embroidered in patches just a few days before the event, and there were thick rumors that working in the ministry with civil servants was not open to listening. It's a slow-motion picture. Mr. Supattanapong Panmichao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy: "Powerblank"The energy crisis is a serious problem for Thais, not like any other nation in the world. Many of the measures that have been pushed out are uninterrupted. Other than soliciting government subsidies, I don't see that anything can actually be done. Even more so, taking money out of private pockets like oil refineries. Chrome stayed for a while, and then disappeared with the wind, like selling land to foreigners in exchange for investment. There was a bounce back and forth, so there was no doubt that it was the energy minister or the minister didn't have energy. Anuphong Jinda Tribe Minister of The Interior : "Clear face, blurred back"Among the brothers, 3 P. Gen. Anuphong can control the image that is expressed to the public in the most calm way possible. Even the press has experienced a multiplicity of ups and downs in emotions. It's no different than the other 2 P.S. siblings. In the foreground, we are only known and seen in what we want to see, but the backdrop is vaguely unclear. It's called keeping it closed and quiet. If you don't see the trust score coming in at number one, there's no way to know that the game shook the chair, M.T.1 climbed past 10 richters. Minister of Labour: "Minister of Labour", still conceptual. Sweet mouth, unspeakable, hardworking. Gen. Prayuth is extreme in all aspects. Each utterance was clearly strong. At the beginning of the year, the opening year broke out in The Big House in Chon, causing a "betrayal, betrayal" brawl online, the end of the year hit from "Big Fort", a man who described himself as loving as a father, with a swearing-in swearing-in to "Big Tu" whose mouth says he loves like a mother, to the Thai Unity Party for nation-building, a charismatic tongue painted viman in lavender fields, to carry the party generals, and to push "Big Tu" into the prime minister's chair for another time. Tongue tightness in the mouth. With the love and respect of the brothers and sisters of 2P. Both "Gen. Prayut and Gen. Pravit" go wherever they go, following almost every mission, and arriving at a crossroads, having to choose whether to stay or who to go with, so it is difficult to decide. An incident that left journalists unforgettable: on 2 P.M., there was a collision. Even inseparable figures, there are shadowy separate subjects. The morning dawned on the drop-off. Gen. Prayuth boarded the plane, before sending a team to follow instead. The afternoon hurried to the car, hurrying to follow. Gen. Pravit did the mission to the area. It's like a literary "golden day" that loves the lords but loses the goodness of the elephants, it's hard to decide who goes next with the D-Wahta of the Year: "Hate it or don't hate you, because I don't know," said Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence speak during the inauguration of the National Defence Education Program (WPO). Class 65 at the Institute of National Defense Studies On November 9, 2022, on the topic of the role of the public, private and political sectors in national security.
"Prayuth" does not rejoice in the nickname "Eight Stains". Not to be interviewed by the media, to denounce "crazy traditions."|Today(26) Dec), Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence visited the 4th/2022 Meeting of the Veterans' Council at the Veterans Relief Organization (ASAP). He declined to be interviewed by the press. After the government's 2022 press release, in which the government nicknamed "the mask of a good man", Prime Minister Prayuth nicknamed "Eight Stains", with the prime minister saying "thank you to the media, thank you very much", when asked how it feels to see the government title and the prime minister's nickname.  Gen. Prayuth stepped into the car with a frown on his face, before closing the door and waving his hand to say, "Don't care," the reporter tried to clarify to the prime minister that setting up the title was a tradition of the government house press. The prime minister immediately said, "There's no crazy tradition like this," and then waved again when asked if the prime minister was bent. The Prime Minister declined to answer such questions, and furthermore, after the meeting was completed, the Prime Minister declined to answer that question. Seeing the press standing in wait for an interview, the prime minister waved his hand not to interview, and then walked into the lounge.
"Anutin". Next election, Proud Thai sweeps the vote. Proclamation ready to form a government|Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health As the leader of the Proud Thai Party asserted, the Proud Thai Party has a clear approach and hopes to move from the central party to the larger party, to set some rules, not to go to grips with other parties. Is the circumnavigation mainstay forming a government? Confirm that there is a readiness and willingness to make a city, which the people will choose for themselves. There is nothing complicated about gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's landing. Prime Minister, it's a matter of people competing for a policy of doing good deeds for the people, not pounding each other. As for whether the prime minister's candidacy is a political turnaround or not. Anutin said the prime minister is in his eighth year and the position of prime minister is a political position. However, that's not the case. Gen. Prayuth As a politician, the chances of becoming a traditional government are largely to look at the election results as the issue of government being named by the press at Government House. "Proud sucks, talks and doi" sees it as a color every year and believes reporters are unbiased, but don't ask for their own titles.
"Chai Wut," looked 2p., walking separately. It's normal to cut scores, yet gulps will be with whom.|"Chai Wut," looked 2p., walking separately. Intersecting points is normal. There is no word on whether the alliance in the electoral field will be with Pravit or Prayuth, reiterating the prime minister is running without a campaign. Just follow up on the work after the cabinet meeting. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society, addressed the case of Gen. Prayut Chandraocha. The Prime Minister, nakhon pathom province yesterday, said it was a follow-up to the work. Create public awareness Insisting that it has nothing to do with political implications, as he went to Chiang Rai, went to follow the government's work, it was a job in duty, there was no politics at all. As far as I watched, the Prime Minister went to work, Mr. Jaitley continued, saying that in the sense of campaigning, there must be a congressional candidate having a speech, but this is not, and the Prime Minister can start campaigning whenever. Mr. Chaiwut said he did not know. Mr. Jaitley decides which P.S. to live with. Mr Jaitley said he had already decided to run as he saw reporters asked if he was thinking hard about staying with the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP). Mr. Chaiwut stated that he had not thought anything of it, and when asked whether mr. Chaiwut's opinion would be a split between Gen. Prayut and Gen. Pravit when they walked separately. Mr. Chaiwut said that all political parties, especially the ruling coalition, when the campaign space is completely cut off, it is already happening while the opposition parties cut the votes among themselves, it is politically normal, it is time, there is no word alliance, handshakes, because different people are campaigning, acting according to the rules, it is normal not to think too much. Don't think about who cuts, it's typical of elections, every party has the right to vote, it's up to the people's brothers and sisters to choose which party to choose, while the part that doesn't mean it's going to be with Gen. Pravit. Yes or no. Mr. Chaiwut did not respond to such questions and immediately returned.
Keep an eye out The House is preparing to consider five bills today at 9:30 a.m.|The council is preparing to consider the matter urgently. The bill, approved by the House of Representatives and the Senate, includes five amendments. President of the House of Representatives A meeting was ordered at 9:30 a.m. today (Dec. 28). After consultation on the issue of public distress in accordance with the bylaws of the meeting, it was then an urgent consideration, with a bill approved by the House of Representatives and the Senate with a total of 5 amendments: considering the case of the Senate amending the Architects (No. ..) Bill, 2010, considering the case of the Senate amending the Labor Protection Bill (No. ..) B.E. .... , Consider the case of the Senate amending the Maritime Bill in Thai Waters (No. ..) B.E. .... , Consider the case of the Senate amending the Public Servants Pension Fund (No. ..) Bill, 2019, and considering the case of the Senate amending the Education Loan Fund (No. ..) Bill, 2018, however, it is important to monitor the quorum atmosphere to see if it can move forward until the end of the term, as some members may return home, to land during the New Year's festival, as well as having several MPs submit their resignations.
The 2022 Council title "3 days away, 4 days down", the rhetoric "The Prime Minister made a revolution", S.S.T. grabbed the star.|The media nicknamed the 2022 Council "3 days away, 4 days down". The rhetoric "The Prime Minister made a revolution" while "Auspicious" won the star-studded, starless, and good people in the House of Representatives for four consecutive years as congressional correspondents shared the title reflecting the legislature's performance throughout 2022 as follows: 1.) The "House of Representatives" received the nickname "3 days away, 4 days down", as the congressional meetings throughout 2022 suffered repeated congressional crashes from the start of the new era to the end of the year, delaying work by the Congress. Opposition often plays the game of counting quorums, even when their parties lack meetings, and the CONGRESS government is irresponsible for maintaining the quorum despite the majority vote, not repeating it at the end of his term of office, the MP fled the area, campaigned before the election, neglected the meeting, which is an important function. These are Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister P.Prayuth, and Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister or P.Pravit, especially in amending the Constitution. The MPC is also divided into two parties: support; P.Prayuth and Support P.Pravit until recently. It has already been checked which MPs will support P.S. as Prime Minister3.) Mr. Chuan Wang The "President of the House of Representatives" received the nickname "Chuan Xuanze" because of mr. Chuan's duties, from having been respected and obeyed by the junior CONGRESS, able to end various conflicts, but this year it was the opposite: it was reduced to fear, not accepted, and also challenged by the CONGRESS, which many times became a contradiction. This was partly due to poor coordination of government whips, which resulted in the loss of Mr. Chuan Xuanze.4.) Mr. Pornpetch Wichitchonchai, the "President of the Senate", has been nicknamed "Pornpet Rest First", acting in charge of presiding over the meeting of Mr. Pornpetch throughout 2022. S.S.-S.W.Thaktaung, who sometimes expressed dissatisfaction through facial expressions and was unable to control the joint session of Parliament to move smoothly forward, was often protested by the MP for acting in support of the government, much like the national legislature (NCPO) rather than investigating, thus raising the question: Should Mr. Pornpet rest first?5.) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The "Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives" was given the nickname "Dr. (d) Chol Nan", although Dr. Chol Nan was distinguished in his service until he was given the title of star in 2021. The debate in the Council is not as prominent as in the past, it has only served as the party's leader, lacking independence6.) "Star's 65". This year, congressional correspondents saw "no one fit" and were notable enough to win such a position.7.) "Dao's' 65" includes "Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintharanon", a member of the Thai Srivilai Party, who is notable for his non-function. Both the case of the actress "Watermelon", the swimming across the Mekong River of "Tono", as well as the case of the "Royal Shipwreck of Sukhothai" are all attempts to find the scene of S.S.T., both non-involved and often show expertity in all matters, even if they do not know the truth. Finally, it's just "blackout stars" and political clowns.) "Rhetoric of the Year' 65" includes" "Revolutionary matters I'm not involved in. This is a revolutionary man. alone" of Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister, who emerged during the debate, did not trust the government. on July 20, 2022, and Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister, sitting next to each other, seemed unfazed by the remarks, but instead raised his hand, smiled, accepted proudly amidst the applause of the MP, despite his own coming from the electorate, so speaking and doing this should not happen in the legislative bodies of the people's elections, and the revolution-coup was also a misdemeanor and destroyed democracy.9.) "The event of the year" was the "game of turning the 100-part formula." And the S.W.A. made the consideration of the constitutional assembly bill on elections, failing to meet the deadline to change the formula for calculating the S.S. roster from dividing 500 back to the original 100-division formula, which reflects that parliament is dedicated, using the constitution's channels with its own partisan interests, to gain an advantage in the electoral field, regardless of whether the people will benefit from any benefit.10.) The pair of the year include "Mr. Kittisak Ratnavaraha", a senator, and "Mr. Rangsimant Rome", the party's roster, stepping forward in joint meetings of parliament, where the pair have convened together, many times causing non-relentless arguments, whether small or large, especially the issue of capital loans. In response to Mr. Rangsimant's refusal to pay his debts, Mr. Rangsimant argued that he had fully paid off his debts.11.) "Good People Of Srisamaj' 65" 2022, which is the 4th year that parliamentary correspondents have not yet seen that there will be any MP or MP suitable to receive such a position. The establishment of legislative offices, or S.S. and S.W., is the custom of congressional correspondents every year. As a closely monitored member of parliament's and S.W.A.'s duties to reflect the views of members of Parliament. However, the press would like to encourage the S.S. and S.W.A., who are already performing their duties well, to commit. However, the S.S. and the S.W.A., who are impaired in their duties, are asked to review and improve themselves for the benefit of the country and the people.  
Go ahead and ask the government how china will open up after the New Year. Recommend checking vaccine results - using the app by yourself.|Go ahead and ask the government how china will open up after the New Year. Reiterating the need to open up the economy in tandem, reassure the people. Check vaccination results - use the application to track mr. Grunpol. Tiansuwan The party's deputy spokesman, Farthing, said China had announced the country's reopening and was prepared to allow people to leave the country. In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. Within China, it is still worrying that china's opening up is both an opportunity and a risk to Thailand in terms of opportunities, such as allowing Chinese people to get mRNA vaccines in Thailand at a cost. Design applications Track and inform tourists when they are sick, or prepare healthcare products that are expected to be in demand by the Chinese. Thailand will benefit not only from recovering tourism, but also the sale of goods and control of the epidemic in the country. however He wasn't sure how much the public could expect from the government's vision. Looking at the response to the covid situation in the past, the Dr. Vayo Assavaroongruang, MP for The Far-Right Party, said the party's stance is that opening up the country equals opening up the economy, and reviving the economy must be done in tandem with ensuring public safety. so The most important thing to get Chinese tourists is to ask for vaccination results. Tourists entering Thailand The state should receive 4 doses of the vaccine, divided into 2 full doses and 2 booster doses, which must be mRNA. When the person enters a closed place, such as a movie theater, a notification will be issued. The public's interest in and comments on china's reopening reflects the uncertainty in Thailand's tourist admission management system. The government and related agencies must answer questions.
The Council approved the charge of interest. Not exceeding 1% per annum according to the S.W.A. proposal|Meeting of the House of Representatives It passed a resolution Wednesday (Dec. 28) by a vote of 226 to 11, approving an amendment to a bill that would charge education borrowers no more than 1% per annum and charge fines if they default to no more than 0.5% per annum, according to the Senate proposal. The new bill approved by the House of Representatives, which also requires borrowers not to have a guarantor in all cases, came after more than three hours of debate in which dissidents viewed the interest rate as aggravating those who did not have access to education and creating a debt burden on future youth. Supporters say preventing the bill from passing would allow borrowers to be sued and charged interest under the old law, with interest up to 7% and fines of up to 18% per annum.
"King, Before the Afternoon" bids farewell to the comedy industry. Launched as that, that's where the congressional candidates are.|"King, before the afternoon." It was launched as that of the Congress candidate of the People's Democratic Party(SS). Even those who have previously come out to call out attacks on the government. Recently posted a farewell to the comedy industry from the case of Mr. Santi Prompat. Deputy Finance Minister, party secretary, and Mr. Paiboon Nittawan. The party's deputy leader, S.S. Roster, jointly announced that 10 candidates in 5 provinces comprising Surat Thani, 5 of whom are Mr. Suchart Intramani, District 1, Mr. Thanachotti Tinpan, District 2, Mr. Surinya Standnam, District 3, Mr. Natavaranthon Thong, District 4, and Mr. Manu Wanishchanon. District 5, Nong Bua Lamphu Province 1 person is Mr. Songsak Sirisit. District 1, Prachuap Khiri Khan 2 persons: Mr. Naphat Chumjittri or King. District 1 Mr. Phitsanu Dare to sell District 2, Nakhon Pathom Province 1 person is Mr. Korn Jankit narong District 2, Pathum Thani Province 1 person is Mr. Nopadol Laddayam, Mr. Naphat Chumjittri or King Before afternoon, the candidate, S.S. Prachuap Khiri Khan, District 1, P.P.C., said in an interview about the reasons for joining the PDP, that originally our role was known but said something like a callout, so I thought that I should bring myself to speak in the Council, to reflect on the problems of the villagers in the Council. When my stepmother and relatives were hit by a call center gang. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Digital Minister for Economy and Society As the deputy leader of the party, the PDP came to the rescue. Today, we see that these networks are gradually being broken down, that they can't see the problems themselves. But it's the big picture of the country, it has to be gradual, multi-party. When it follows Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, as party leader, P.P.C. Unlike in the news, there was an ambition to get into politics, and Mr. Jaitley gave mercy. He sees himself as a planter's child. It's not a lineage of politicians, there's no family tree as a politician, but the PDP gives us a chance to be a candidate, this is a new spot, it's a spark for the younger generation that there's no need to be the heir to politicians. You don't have to be a rich man' child, just have a mind that wants to develop your hometown, you can become a politician. Therefore, he decided to apply to the PDP when asked how he had spoken with Gen. Pravit King. Before the afternoon, he said, "Gen. Pravit asked if it was really okay, so he replied that if given the opportunity, he would do his best." After King's inauguration into the Democratic Party, the latter was released. It generated heavy criticism on social media. He was one of the celebrities who came out to call out, stand by the people, and attacked the government's work, most recently on Facebook. King before afternoon Chumjittri posted a message stating: "Congratulations to Dr. Yoong Invite Smile, who received an honorary Doctor of Laws and goodbye to Dad Duck invited smiles, who gave me the opportunity to give his last name "before afternoon", goodbye to my comedy brothers in the industry, I will use all my teachings to prove that comedy is a profession that generates laughter, not clowns that anyone would trample on, to apologize to all the fans that my decisions may not be liked, and I embrace every comment, to bring inspiration to me to prove myself, I always thought, we would like to see any organization change. We have to go into that organization and start with ourselves and, more importantly, want to go back and do it for our hometown, thank you."
"Parina" takes up the lodge, sues for defamation, "Veera" calls 1 million postsface alluding to.|Date 28 Dec 22 Miss PARINA KRAIKUPT Former Mp for The People's Democratic Party Ratchaburi province posted a Facebook photo while attending a report in Buriram province to prosecute Mr. Veera Somkid. President of the Anti-Corruption Network And it says #Report veera. Last night I slept at Tai Saraphi Buriram's house for the morning to file a case against the principal. Attapol completed his mission and proceeded to report to prosecute Mr. Veera Somkid. The charges of defamation by advertising, along with damages of 1,000,000 baht, posted allegations against Parina and criminal prosecution of Mr. Veera, who committed rape against the prosecutor, a national penal that can be condemned by anyone. @สภ.Buriramka".
"Vishnu" believes, without a vote, is an opportunity for the government to clarify, but I don't know if the Council will crash again.|"Vishnu" believes the platform to launder the government without a vote, it is a good opportunity for the government to clarify, not knowing whether the Council will go down or not, because it has no effect on the position. I'm not sure whether or not mr. Vishnu Ngam will be in office. Deputy Prime Minister for Legal Affairs It revealed the steps after the opposition applied for the opening of a general debate without a vote on article 152 of the Constitution against Mr Chuan Singh. The Chairman of the Council said that after this, the Chairman of the Council will examine the list compiled by the Opposition to see if it is correct and whether it is in accordance with the legal procedures, which is not difficult and then informs the Government when it will be ready, which the Cabinet will have to wait for on January 3, 2023, but it is not yet known whether on January 3, the Council will pass a resolution, because the New Year may not be completed, but if it is ready, it will not be ready. The Minister will respond to what period is ready at the end of this Government. Does the government have the right to make parliaments down to reclaim the opposition? Vishnu said it can be done every day and anytime. The law considers the draft constitutional debate is distrustful, but this debate has no vote, and importantly, it does not affect any position on the debaters. As for whether the council will crash or not, he does not know, but he believes that this non-voting general debate is a good opportunity for the Government to clarify matters that the Opposition and the public do not understand clearly.
Really quick! S.T.-Communications-Tourism Scheduled to talk 3 Ministries Jan. 5 to get China open.|Mr. Phiphat Ratchakij The Minister of Tourism and Sports told Bangkok Business newspaper that he is preparing to hold a meeting with the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Transport on Jan. 5, 2023, to prepare for beijing's government's decision to begin enforcing the country's reopening measures on Jan. 8, when a large number of Chinese tourists are expected to reopen. It comes amid the rapid spread of COVID-19. Beijing's abrupt easing of disease control measures. After three years of intense enforcement, public outrage and protests have been staged in several cities across the country before the international press. The report, citing an insider source, said one day last week. There have been 37 million new infections, and only the first 20 days of the month have been counted. China has 248 million new infections, and the meeting to deal with the wave of tourists has been delayed by countries such as Japan, where the country barely knew it would reopen, requiring all people arriving from China to test positive for COVID at airports, and even Italy, which has begun implementing similar measures. After milan's airport detected nearly 50% of passengers from China on two flights infected with Covid, the minister said the issue he would propose at the Jan. 5 meeting was to allow foreigners of all nationalities to come in and get vaccinated against COVID-19. It costs only hundreds of baht per needle. This is lower than the money that tourists will spend in Thailand, which is up to about 40,000 baht per person.
Unfold the clip. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior Asked in the middle of the meeting, "Where did you end up, why stupid as a buffalo?"|Yesterday (Dec. 29), Mr. Viroj Lakkanadisorn, former The far-right Congress and former candidate for governor of Bangkok posted a clip from an online meeting of Interior Ministry officials featuring Mr. Sutpong. Chulacharoen The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior presided over the meeting. There was an episode where Mr. Sutpong. Ask subordinates about equal supply and demand. What is the language of economics called? When the answer was not exactly as it seemed, he replied in a humorous manner, but the words were racist, and harsh words were used, with the conversation stating that the Interior Secretary : Supply equals supply, what is the language of economics, what is he, you know, what is the terminology of bureaucracy : demand? Supply, sir, the Interior Secretary. : (laughs) Oh gosh, what's the end of mawa bureaucracy: ending political science, chula, the interior secretary: why is that stupid? What generation do you civil servants: political science, country relations, sir, interior secretary: stupid as a buffalo, damn it, bastard, bastard, interior secretary: entering the year, civil servant: master' degree, sir, sir, interior secretary: yep, that's because people study political science, chula. He studied two economics, demand equals supply, called absolute markets. You take the need for correctional facilities and come and say that it's equal to the supply of the agricultural sector. It's not, it's not, if yes, you have to take agricultural products outside, why do you have an absolute market, what do you need to help, where do you graduate with a bachelor's degree in civil servants: university....Sir, the Interior Secretary: Gouva, and then you go to chula political science, master's degree, executive sector or regular sector, civil servant : International relations program, interior secretary : translated as raiva, civil servant : it's an after-school course, sir, the interior secretary: hey! Oh, this single university loves to find gluten. I don't know. The question is quality, let's answer it as a joke, heh! It states: "The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior. Use words that insult dignity, and insult the education of subordinates like this, no matter why it's so stupid. What's the end? Stupid as a buffalo, bastard, etc., the Interior Minister has to answer the people's questions, and the Interior Ministry officials, "Do people like this still deserve to be permanent secretaries?"
Interior Secretary Apologizing for scolding his subordinates, Jang is a country-style talker, unwittingly stretched.|Interior Secretary Apologizing for scolding his subordinates, Jang was a country-style talker, not intending to insult the academy, but scolding him for doing his job for the people. Chulacharoen Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior Post a case message blaming subordinates. During the meeting of the Interior Ministry executives via video teleconference. On Dec. 27, 2022, it was a widely criticized issue," the results of my December 2022 Provincial Department and State Enterprises Follow-up Meeting, through the VIDEO CONFERENCE system, where I and the central executives, and 76 other provinces, were at the provincial meeting room. It's only about my job as a permanent unit leader, the central executive, the director general of all departments. State enterprise executives of all units clarified the performance and monitored the work. There's a lot of issues that have been shared: I scolded representatives of the market organization. With profanity, I personally have to admit that it's true and it's an inappropriate statement. I apologize to all of you for being dissatisfied with the old story that has been presented many times before, and there is no new presentation. A story that I expect will benefit the brothers and sisters of the people. It is not appropriate for the subject to be embraced with regret and to insist that there is no intention of insulting any institution at all. As i personally am a temple school student. Provincial schools want everyone to help each other develop jobs, not offer anything ignorant, but reiterate that throughout their service. It is intended for the people, for the happiness of the brothers and sisters of the people, and this event will serve as a reminder, to calm down, and to think more carefully, but I would like to confirm that I have informed my brothers and sisters of the Interior. Everyone has previously known that I'm a, a countryman, maybe scolding my subordinates, for doing my job for my brothers and sisters, but in my 34 years of service I've never scolded my brothers and sisters. I was only smiling and acting like a relative and friend, because I was aware of the status of a civil servant who was responsible for serving the people. I've understood to everyone many times that my habits are like this, but I'm honest, not scolding my subordinates for hurting and outraged. I would like to confirm that the case was reported at the meeting as to what to do, but as the matter was brought to the meeting several times (meeting once a month), I went on to say that the matter had been presented, and there was no concrete progress of the work. I talked at the Q&A meeting, and I wanted civil servants to do their jobs for the benefit of the people. I'm a leader who may not be good in the eyes of many. But the endorsements were not intended to insult anyone. I want everyone in the Interior to take their work seriously. For the brothers and sisters, for the nation as a whole, it's not personal and affirmative, it's an internal meeting of me and my colleagues. I, as a countryman by birth, may get used to speaking loudly, and sometimes scolding, and I apologize to all of you who use inappropriate words. It's an invaluable lesson to think about my wife's warnings. Think of an adult who has repeatedly admonished me that it's time for me to stop scolding my subordinates for words that society is blaming me for. Even though I'm old. Nearing retirement, thank you, thank you. All those who rebuked me with good hope, including my beloved daughter and wife, were not merely outsiders, and I assure you that I am more than a hundred committed to the duties of a good Her Majesty's civil servant to heal suffering. Nourishing happiness for the brothers and sisters of the people Let's be harder in the coming new year 2023 because the time of being a civil servant to work to help the nation, my people, is very small. It is nearing the time of retirement and I apologize to all of you for my bad words at another meeting, and let's take this opportunity to summon you, Lord Rattanatrai, and all the sacred things that you all revere. Please inspire and bless all of you and your family, experience good things, be healthy, have a cheerful mind, do whatever you like, and don't hurt. Let's all be happy."
The government invited "cross-year prayers" to enhance the auspiciousness across Thailand.|The government invited "prayers across the year" December 31, 2022 – January 1, 2023. Regional Online & Send Aug e-card Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the government by the Department of Religious Affairs The Ministry of Culture invites people to participate in the "Prayers across Thailand, New Year's Eve and Welcome to the New Year 2023" activity during December 31, 2022. Until January 1, 2023, there will be both central, regional and online activities. As follows: Central Bangkok It was held at the Temple of The Buddha Chetuphon Vimon mangkalaram. It has designated Wat Phra Chetuphon as the center for the transmission of cross-year prayer activities, linking the activities of cross-year prayer activities in the region of Thailand and abroad through radio, television and other channels. For the region, the 76 provincial cultural offices set up a central directorate for organizing cross-year prayer activities in the province and facilitated the various agencies that organized the event www.prayer2566.com. Young people and the public have the opportunity to pray at any location, at their own pace, and they can also write their wishes on an electronic New Year's greeting card (Aug) (e-Card) and pass it on to others through the channels. Social media, too. 
"Brother Tou" reiterates the split of the party, but still loves the same.|"Brother Thou" says no contradiction, "brother tu" still loves each other as before, it's the president's candidacy. Not as a competitor, but in politics. Who better than that person was Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The deputy prime minister and head of the Pracharath Power Party said the split to the Thai People's Party created the nation of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister doesn't make it difficult to put in place and work, but it's the same brotherhood because we've been around for 40-50 years, we've been taking care of each other, and it's politics. It's about personal things. It's about brothers and sisters. Still love each other as before. There's no disagreement, because the People's Democratic Party (PDP) is a partisan. Want to transcend all conflicts. The controversy will be at the heart of the people's power party's progress because the party wants to move through all the conflicts because it will not conflict with anyone, and in the past has never quarreled with anyone. He did not ask for comment, although party members nominated to be prime ministers had to wait for the party meeting before the matter of Whether Gen. Prayuth, backed by the Thai People's Party, was considered a contender. Gen. Pravit reiterated that Gen. Prayuth is considered a rival, but politically, he is not considered a rival. Who's better than that one? No problem, but I personally don't comment on whether to become prime minister, because being prime minister is not easy going through the selection process in parliament for the party's move. It's common for politicians to move in, move out, whichever party moves in and is more comfortable with benefiting than is there. Therefore, it is considered a subjective matter that cannot be enforced.  
"Prawit," reiterated the year 66. The PDP will take care of the people to live well and eat better.|"Prawit," reiterated the year 66. The NCPO will take care of the NCPO to live well and eat better. Confident in forming a government, the next election reveals there is no stick for Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister and head of the Pracharath Power Party (PDP) said that in 2023, the PDP will be able to do so. This is the aim of the PDP in forming the party for 3-4 years, ensuring that it will be a mainstay in forming a government, both from the popularity of the party that has been established for 4 years and as the mainstay party in the formation of the previous government. Therefore, it is hoped that the people will pay attention to the People's Power Party. To participate in the formation of a new government. The PDP is a strong political institution because all the congressmen in the party are very supportive and supportive of the strategy of the next election. Because the last election didn't think it was going to be politics, it was the first time it was a "slam dunk" for three years, and if this election had people supporting it, they would continue to do politics, but if no one supported it, quit because it didn't benefit from politics, and personally prefer to be military rather than politics, while the campaign will have a look adjusted by wearing jeans because it caused a buzz, poppula, inspiration, during the 38-day acting prime ministership, Gen. Pravit said there was nothing special. As for the word inspirational, I thought to myself. After the press. Asked how motivated I was at the time, he said, "I use my heart to inspire, not to be inspired, because I only have a heart, because my strength is not very...
For Thailand to sign the Royal-Queen's Blessings on the occasion of the New Year.|The Party for Thailand signed the blessing of Her Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen on the occasion of the New Year. The 2023 Party for Thailand is led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. S.S.Nan The leader of the Party for Thailand and the leader of the opposition in the House of Representatives, along with Prasert Chanthawongthong, party general secretary; Saksak Pongpanich, deputy leader of the party, Chittipat Viriyaroj, deputy leader of the party. Sriyada Female Dentist Palimapan, deputy general secretary of the party, Theerarat Singh. MP and party spokesperson Phuangpechorn Chun-fine Chairman of the Local Political Coordination Committee, Bangkok Party for Thailand Polpoom Vibhattacharya, S.S.S., Supaporn Kongwut panchayat, S., Virat Minchainan, S.K., Bangkok, and Chairman of the Council, Bangkok, and Vivian Srivaurai, S.K., Bangkok, offered a vase of flowers in front of the royal family and signed the blessing. Her Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen on the occasion of the New Year 2023 In the Grand Palace
Prayuth embraces Chinese tourists Thailand is ready for COVID-19 grade A.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Speaking on Tuesday (Jan. 3) on countermeasures against Chinese tourists, the Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence said the Ministry of Health and medical staff already have countermeasures in place. Many countries are prepared to respond as well, depending on the measures taken by each country. Because the medical treatment of each country is not the same. It goes on to say that Thailand is in grade A, so we would like to believe in this, and that tourists come is considered the country's income. In the new year, there were a lot of tourists visiting. The only thing the government wants to be vigilant about is self-defense, and if anyone gets caught, they can treat it. But it's important to see what, if it's terribly heavy, what to do. We've solved these problems before. Experience is important, many countries want to implement Thai measures.
"Big Fort" wishes the New Year, "Big Tu" is strong, strong, and overcomes obstacles.|"Big Fort" brings new year greetings "Big Tu" strong, strong, and overcome obstacles. The Prime Minister asked everyone to join in the work, Mr. Anusha. Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs The spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office made the statement after the Cabinet meeting. To the Prime Minister's directive that, before the commencement of the meeting, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister is represented. Happy New Year Prime Minister Gen. Pravit said that since 2019. The Prime Minister acts with strength, dedication, amidst problems and obstacles, both the COVID-19 pandemic and economic problems, but it can also lead the country across the problems with indefatigability, for the country and the well-being of the country, to ask for the sacred things in the world, and her Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen, please bless the Prime Minister for being healthy, strong-minded, and leading the country towards stability, prosperity and sustainability. It is considered that everyone in the Ministry of Education who is responsible for leading the country forward amidst the challenges of covid and the economy can overcome the dream of making Thailand internationally recognized and in 2023 the government will focus on work. Continue to solve the problems of the country and its people, and wish all of you in the Ministry of Education to complete their work with mutual understanding. Have a healthy body. 
Chol Nan Insisting that Thailand has not joined hands with any party to form a government, only the election results must be looked at.|Mr. Chonnan Srikaew Leader of the Party for Thailand and Member of the House of Representatives Nan District 2 said on Wednesday (Jan. 4) that the Party for Thailand does not cooperate with any party to form a government before the election because it is inappropriate and only needs to listen to the voices of the people through the election results. The party sees that it is inappropriate to join hands with political parties to form a government before the election results are known. And it is disrespectful to the above principles, which the party will not do." "In addition, the key criteria for forming a government are the democratic ideology and policies of political parties and those of the Party for Thailand that must be adhered to as the basis for forming a government after the elections," the head of the Party for Thailand reiterated. The party must first win the election, which the party believes will reach its landslide goal by three factors: policy, candidates, MPs and the party's prime minister, Chol Nan. He goes on to say that the party's chances of winning elections in various electoral districts across the country are quite high, both from the party's own assessment and by polls of organisations such as nida polls indicating that the party has a popularity of 42%. But we're not hoping for that. We've downgraded what it's going to be like, we're confident that from 42 per cent, if you look at the district, we're coming in at No. 1, that's the candidate we're working."
The council fell behind for the new year, the Marijuana Act, a four-week backlog, the opposition suggested. Don't be reluctant, withdraw first.|The council's meeting is down, it's getting a new year. Marijuana laws, a four-week backlog, have just 10 sections, the opposition suggests. Don't be reluctant, withdraw first. If ready, propose a new meeting of the House of Representatives. Today, there are 95 sections of the Cannabis, Hemp Bill due to be considered last week. In Section 8. On the composition of the establishment of the Cannabis, Hemp Committee, the quorum was squandered, not so much, from the morning until the hearing of Section 11 on the powers and duties of the Board. Marijuana, hemp as Mr. Pichet, S.S.S. Chiang Rai Party for Thailand expressed its opinion that if it forcibly voted against it, it knew that no more than half of its members would not be allowed to vote. As a result, the council's image was damaged, so it was proposed to postpone the vote on the article and close the meeting first and then reconsider next week. Bualuang Ngam SS Lopburi Party for Thailand It states that there are currently several pending laws. If you see that the draft Marijuana Act, gunshock. And when the draft Hemp Hemp Act is ready to be reconsidered, it can still be reconsidered, although Mr. Supachai Phosu, deputy chairman of the 2nd House of Representatives, acting chairman of the meeting, tried to dismantle it. A quorum was called several times, but it was not successful. The quorum was incomplete, unable to continue consideration, so the meeting was closed at 3:03 p.m. As of January 4, 2023, there were 436 members of the semi-quorum, i.e. 218. 
Anutin Shotfeel Media! After asking if the Chinese fled South Korea, he refused to compare. Here's Thailand.|Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health Responding to a press question on Thursday (Jan. 5), "Don't compare to other countries. This is Thailand," after being asked by the press for comment on a case in which a Chinese national fled quarantine in South Korea after testing positive for COVID at Incheon Airport and found to be infected, the minister, who also heads the Thai Pride Party, commented that several doctors had come forward to reassure them, including posting on social media, asking for reassurances about public health measures Thailand has taken, unlike many countries that have begun restricting the travel of travelers from China, such as asking for test results before traveling, or some countries have banned all cases of people from China because they believe china is currently facing the spread of COVID-19. But beijing's decision to reopen the country on Jan. 8 will allow a large number of tourists to leave, Mr Anutin said in a news release that it would provide free vaccines to tourists, including Chinese nationals, who had no idea yet, but once they arrived, if they needed the vaccine, they could get it. But there is absolutely no free injection, and it reiterates that there will be no zoning of tourists regardless of which country they come from. It can be traveled all over the country because everyone is considered a tourist too. If a new infection comes in. The Department of Disease Control will then follow up and then change the measures.
Suvarnabhumi Airport never changed its name tag, after being tied to bang sue central station sign.|Golden Flag Special Professor Chantharangsu, a history expert, posted a message on Facebook. Comments after Mr. Saksiam Chid likes the Communications Minister, replying to a live question thread. In case of changing the bang sue central station sign It is Bangkok Abhiwat Central Station worth more than 33 million baht that the Transport Minister says that "changing the name of the signage is a tradition for the sake of auspiciousness, not their needs, like changing the name of Nong Cobra Airport to Suvarnabhumi Airport, or many government offices also perform this kind of operation". Maha Bhumibol Adulyadej Maharaj Bramnathapit The Royal Commission on September 29, 2000, to replace the original name "Nong Cobra Airport", and the Royal Commission performed the ceremony of laying the headstone of suvarnabhumi airport terminal on January 19, 2002, before opening as Thailand's new airport on September 28, 2006. Once the building was completed, it used the royal name "Suvarnabhumi Airport" to decorate the building from the beginning, the name of Suvarnabhumi Airport has been granted royal title for 6 full years. In advance of the airport's opening, I was interested in history, and I saw all of this happening, so I wanted to tell it about it. Just in case anyone thinks of comparing whether the case is the same or not the same with the story that is in the news at this time. It can be used as information for reflection.
"Buddhipong" Clearly joining the proud Thai army "Anutin" thanks for strengthening the party's strength.|Clearly, then, one "Buddhipong". Thai Pride Party joins of course "Anutin" embraces, thanks for strengthening the national party there are reports of recent movements to join the Thai Pride Party of Mr. Bhuttipong Punnakant. The former Minister of Digital Economy and Society, who will join the Thai Pride Party, recently a politician in the network, Mr. Bhuttipong, has spoken to Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health. Head of The Thai Pride Party On a political standpoint, he said he was pleased that the party had mr Bhuttipong and his team to work with. It is a reflection that the party values the capital. We are moving to a national party, not a local party, as some people believe, mr. Bhuttipong will help us in bangkok and we will help. Mr. Bhuttipong sees opportunities for bangkok people in provincial areas. Collaboration will certainly benefit the public for the party's approach. Mr. Anutin has clarified that he will not quarrel with anyone and will focus on working towards maximum success. Nowadays, the Thai Pride Party is focused on technology. This is in line with the capabilities of Mr. Bhuttipong's team. 
The Prime Minister welcomed "Thailand" to win the 1st Asian rank, 9th in the world, a livable country after retirement.|The Prime Minister welcomed the magazine. Forbes ranks Thailand 9th in retirement in 2023 and 1st in Asia. Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office. It was revealed that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence It's nice to hear the results of a survey by forbes magazine's website, which revealed the Annual Global Retirement Index 2023, which ranks countries where the cost of living is cheap and suitable for living in retirement. In 2023, thailand was ranked 9th in the world and 1st in Asia, a spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said that the annual global retirement index is based on a number of factors, including the cost of living, a good quality of life for everyone who wants to live happily, including weather, visas, food, accommodation and health expenses. It has a unique culture and customs and is the only country in ASEAN that has never been colonized. As a result, Thailand has become an important destination for foreigners from various countries after retirement, mainly from the United States, England, Canada, France and Switzerland. The Prime Minister welcomed that Thailand remains the aim of foreigners both from tourism and retirement, with thailand having a beautiful nature and rich cultural heritage, which is attractive among foreigners. It's all The Prime Minister also thanked all parties involved and thanked all the people who contributed to making Thailand an important aim for foreigners. The Prime Minister welcomed that Thailand remains the aim of foreigners both from tourism and retirement, with thailand having a beautiful nature and rich cultural heritage, which is attractive among foreigners. It's all The Prime Minister also thanked all parties involved and thanked all citizens for their contribution to making Thailand an important aim for foreigners and to receive worldwide attention.
"Pitha" scoffs at the priceless "Big Tu" —to unite Thailand to build a nation, it's just old liquor in a new bottle.|"Pitha," scoffed "Big Tu," said priceless, and the nation-building thais were just old liquor in a new bottle. Beware of falling into the hole I've written. Yan did not underestimate the power of sucking Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. The party's leader stepped forward, referring to the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister comes into full political play. It will become a member of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building and will launch on January 9. Would it give it a political advantage because there are 250 votes waiting in the House of Commons that are priceless because it is the old regime? Former players The old liquor in the new bottle, everyone already knows that it will come in this form, which has seen a clear divide for years, and if you look back at past actions, it is clear that it is impossible to move on, and it is clearly separated. Gen. Prayuth may fall for the constitution he wrote. There must be 25 MPs in a short period of time for the party to be eligible to nominate a prime minister. Of course, there would be a way or a way to draw ex-MPs from other parties to the fray, so don't underestimate the power sucker. Don't be a banana democracy, so that 25 MPs propose to be prime ministers and believe that authoritarianism and authoritarian people can do anything to get themselves back, even if they're half prime ministers, just 2 years apart, regardless of ongoing solutions, which they don't know how to campaign for. Mr. Pitha reiterated that he did not give a price, but at the same time would not be reckless, for he must know whether he knew us and his methods. Some coalition governments After the election, it may swing to join hands with the opposition, to form a government, because the ruling coalition now has its own conflicting problems. Mr. Pitha said that in a democracy. It is normal to have a terminal grip. It remains to be seen, but on the part of the ideology of the other party they cannot speak for themselves, but on the part of the far-right party there is a clear ideology that they have the answer for the people, by new means, in a far-right way, which is a combination of opposition coalition parties. Now, it's the answer for the brothers and sisters of the people. The MP shouldn't be obstructed, but what he has always insisted on with the media is that he will not join, but the military party, whether it's the Pracharath Power Party or the Thai Nation-Building Party, both of whom are Prayuth regimes, will certainly not join hands because they cannot live with the ideology of military succession. Therefore, I think the opposition coalition is now the answer, which is quite obvious to the country's current challenges, while the opposition coalition leaders, such as for Thailand, need to fill the vote from the ruling coalition to form a government after the election. Mr. Pitha insisted that the opposition Coalition party is not the only Party for Thailand, there is also the Liberal United Thai Party and the Pracharat Power Party. He's always thought he's been tenacious, trying to focus on the big picture. The real enemy and the people is the Prayuth regime, so look at the big picture, solve problems, think about common ground, reserve different points to work with. This is the fourth year we've gotten to know each other better, with confirmation on the part of the far-right party. No matter what other parties say, it's still enough to find common ground to work together in the future, for our country.
"Memorial", "Prayuth", accents, sloppy mannerisms, post-media pungent, was asked about the business of the huo cabinet.|"Memorial" saunters "Prayuth", accents implied, mannerisms implied. Suggesting the leadership cannot control itself, it is better to take things home than Mr. Anusorn Iamsai, deputy secretary of the Party's Strategy and Political Direction Committee for Thailand, referring to the case of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The prime minister and defence minister were furious after being hijacked by a question at former Thailand Ruk Party leader Chuvit Kamolvisit. Unmasking evidence unfolded linking the nephew's name. Whether Gen. Prayuth was involved in the Cabinet Hao case said that it looked like Gen. Prayuth, when asked about his nephew, Ouao, and when he spoke about his debut with the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, would be a different person, with a different accent, a manner of 8 years ago, Thais had to accept Gen. Prayuth's status as a degenerate leader. When I thought about it, I said I'd improve myself, but when I realized I was going to push the snake out of my throat, I was scrambling to get bullying at the people. It's like people can't control themselves. Asked if his nephew had a case against Hao, he replied. I don't see any need to be so angry that the public questioned it 8 years ago. Many high-ranking civil servants who behave inappropriately. Influenced or dominated by Gen. Prayuth? The debate was general, without a vote, according to the Constitution, Article 152, under the Four Years of Gubernatorial Mandate. Besides, there are issues related to corruption. Procurement is unusual, and gen. Prayuth's leadership issues must be questioned. Gen. Prayuth, don't pretend to be angry at everyone. Every time, practically. No, no, no, if you can't control your emotions. Leadership deteriorated, so packed home.
The opening of the "Big Tu" schedule to unite Thailand to build a nation, the vision show, January 9.|Open the "Big Tu" schedule. Join the Thai people to create a nation officially at 6 p.m. on the stage to show the vision, the next direction for the whole Thai people, according to Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha's schedule. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence will apply for membership of the Thai National Unity Party on Jan. 9 at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, Exhibition Hall 1, Floor G. On the eve of the ceremony, from 4.50 pm to 5.15 pm, there will be a triangrong language talk by Mr. Tricolor Suwankiri, then at 5.30 pm, the highlight phase of the event will be opened, the party's video will be opened, along with the launch of party members. The new generation The party's leader, Mr. Piraphan Saliratviphak, will discuss the party's ideas and positions, and Gen. Prayuth will take the stage at 6 p.m. to discuss the mission and direction to move forward for the whole Thai people.
Did you know that the prime minister's car registration was in Sing Buri area, hurrying to win his luck on January 17, 2023.|Quick-looking lottery neck! 17/01/66 After Prime Minister Sing Buri The license plate was beautifully unveiled yesterday (Jan. 7), Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence visited the sugar community. Josit Dharam Temple Grounds In Sing Buri, the prime minister listened to the progress and visited the water barrier flap along the Chao Phraya River. This is a project to build a flood protection system in the sugar community area. Phase 2, under construction from 2020 to 2023, has a length of 3,461 meters along the water barrier and a flood protection area of 2.20 square kilometers. It has a water protection level of 15.35 meters. 82.40 per cent. Once the project is completed, it will help alleviate flooding problems in the area, especially during the flooding period. On this occasion, the Prime Minister also talked and gave insights to the 5th graders of Wat Josit Tharam School and took pictures with the schoolchildren before leaving for the event area. "Green Rice" Gen. Prayut has gone to preside over the opening of the BCG Model (Naprang) green rice activity at the pilot farm area. Moo 1, T.S.A. On this occasion, the Prime Minister drove the rice cultivation farm with farmers and released tilapia with farmers and visited the exhibition of the implementation of the BCG Model Green Rice Project for the Green Rice Project. Chiang Rai Kamphaeng Phet Phitsanulok Nakhon Sawan Chai Nat Singburi Lopburi Nakhon Si Thammarat Phatthalung and Songkhla have now operated in more than 7 provinces, which have been successfully implemented and can increase the income of farmers in the project. The BCG Model will be a "model" for expanding its success to other agricultural products in order to strengthen Thailand's agricultural sector and be able to compete internationally. After that, the Prime Minister met with the people and took pictures in a friendly manner. The prime minister never stopped to think, think, and then do it. Health is much better today, and then we will live long, this is the future, what to do, how to live. He said he would take a picture with another minister as several ministers were on the ground at the same time, while locals brought the book to the prime minister to sign. I wrote: Uncle Tu fought back, the people of Indraburi cheered him on. The prime minister can stay with the Thai people all year round forever. For this grounding. The Prime Minister used a black Toyota Alphard with registration number Kong 44 Singburi, which the villagers and the lottery neck did not miss in a hurry to submit the registration of the car to the Prime Minister in preparation for the upcoming January 17, 2023 period.
"Thanakorn" suggests "Pitha" before worrying, the prime minister should worry about himself first.|"Thanakorn", "Big Tu", suggested "Pitha" before worrying about the prime minister, it is better to worry about himself first. Is the CONGRESS back the same? The people also called for the prime minister's seat. The other time Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office referred to the case of Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. The party leader stepped forward. Indicates that the Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, the prime minister and defence minister affiliated with the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, is priceless, just an old liquor in a new bottle, said it would be an idea from Mr. Pitha's first-hand experience. By the time the New Future Party was dissolved, it flowed together at the far-right party. It's not a new party with any new ideologies, other than continuing the old ideology from the new future party leadership. Unlike the prime minister, who today works to solve the problem, the people of any area have received a voice and called for his return as prime minister. The other case states that the prime minister may fall for his own written constitution because it requires 25 MPs to be eligible to nominate the prime minister. If Mr. Pitha is open-minded, looking at the truth without prejudice, he will find that today even the congresswoman himself has stopped seducing Mr. Pitha. It turned out in the media that it had moved to other political parties because it tolerated mouths that spoke like it would protect the interests of the people. But can't the behavior be seen as doing it because it has a covert purpose? So, before worrying about someone else. Mr. Pitha should have worried himself first that in the next elections, he would be able to do so. Can the congressman return to 25 to fulfill his dream of becoming prime minister? People who see people differently as themselves as sucked congressmen, or as banana democrats. People who despise even congressmen like this. It's unlikely there's enough maturity to talk about democracy. Will the public dare to leave their hopes of becoming prime minister, or the opposition's duty not to do it, to run for bail out the institutional insults? People like this, who have proposed to run the country, believe that the people are waiting for the lessons of the next election. 
Saksiam Thailand is reliving vaccines while entering the country. Starting Jan. 9, chinese people flock outside.|Thai Pride Party website One article was published on Saturday. (Jan. 7) Stated that Mr. Saksiam Chid likes it. Minister of Transport, a member of the House of Representatives The party's roster revealed that covid-19 vaccination measures will be implemented for foreigners who will re-enter the country, the minister said, citing the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (NEAT). The pilot notice (NOTAM) announced that the measure would be implemented between Monday (Jan. 9) at 8 a.m. and Jan. 31 at 12:59 a.m. The announcement contained seven requirements, one of which required travelers entering the country to show covid-19 vaccination information. 2 doses or medical certificate of recovery from COVID-19 No more than 6 months, but if you have not been vaccinated A medical certificate with another requirement in this notice states that if the traveler is from a country where covid-19 is prohibited, the person must be accompanied by covid-19. Returning to countries such as India will require health insurance to cover the treatment of COVID-19. However, these measures do not apply to Thai passport holders, this measure comes amid concerns among many nations over the prospect of a large influx of tourists from China. This follows the chinese government's reopening on Sunday (Jan. 8) as the covid-19 pandemic is now reported. China is becoming violent, after Beijing abruptly announced easing of its protective measures late last year, prompting many nations to require travelers from China to show proof of not having COVID before traveling. Meanwhile, some nations force passengers to take a Covid test on arrival, such as Japan and South Korea, while others even ban those arriving from China, regardless of nationality, from entering countries such as Morocco.
"Battle of Pong," Chong said, snubbing the former deputy prime minister as another wife.|"Battle of Pong," revealed "Lawyer Tam." Get the former deputy prime minister as another wife in the "Yingluck" Yan government, if it's a child for Thailand, don't immediately take the party for examination – unfold back. 152 Lt. Gen. S. Mahasarakham and Deputy Leader of the Party for Thailand, along with Mr. Jirapong Sangwacharaporn, S.S. Nonthaburi, mentioned Mr. S. S. S. S. Mahasarakham and Deputy Leader of the Party for Thailand, along with Mr. Jirapong Sangwacharaporn, S.S.Nonthaburi. The Secretary-General of the People's Lawyers Foundation unfolded with a former deputy prime minister. Having an adulterous relationship with someone else's wife that everyone now wants to know who they are, but as much as they dismiss the list of former Deputy Prime Ministers of Thailand. It was found that many people aged 80-90 were not swayed by this kind of thing, and it was unlikely that they were 60 years old, and when they gave the person who snibed at the lawyer to call to inquire, he said that he was a former deputy prime minister. The government of Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra, the former prime minister, who also had Mr. Yongyuth Vijayadith, but he confirmed to himself, certainly not, the rest had Mr. Prasap Suraswadi? Mr. Pongthep Thepkanjana / R.T.A. Chalerm is also a deputy prime minister from the ruling coalition. Therefore, the media had to ask Mr. Tam's own lawyer who it was, but this matter could not be kept, because it was an ethical matter?of the incumbent and not the Party for Thailand to do it wrong, so he called on Gen. Prayut Chan?ocha? The Prime Minister must take this seriously. See if you dare, because now Gen. Prayuth's cabinet has ministers who are similarly unethical in the story of a former deputy prime minister who was unfolding an affair with his wife. If the lawyers tame. He was revealed to be in the Party for Thailand, but neither did he. As deputy leader of the party, he will hand over the matter to Dr. Chol Nan. Si Kaeo Party leader Take the exam immediately.
For Thailand, opposition to the resolution of the S.P.O.S.C. Board. 13.5 million people were delayed. The pendant hastened to find a way out before the call.|To Thailand, opposition to board resolutions. NCPO delays payment of health promotion and disease prevention budgets Social Security Group Civil servants' rights - State enterprises affect 13.5 million Thais "Chon Nan" Pointing out the solution before Dr. Chol Nan's call. Si Kaeo Senator Nan, the party's leader for Thailand, said it was following the resolution of the National Health Insurance Board (NEDA) chaired by Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. On December 14, 2022, a resolution was passed to delay the payment of the health promotion and disease prevention budget on the part of the non-patent public. Because there are legal challenges to health promotion budget issues and disease prevention that only covers gold patent holders. By waiting for comments from the Cabinet Secretariat and the Committee on Decrees, the budget will be made healthier and disease-prevention. Hiv prevention budgets, public health long-term care system budgets for dependent elderly people, and health insurance funds at the local or local levels of those who don't use gold patents have been delayed indefinitely. Essential and important vaccinations in children, preventive medications for people at risk of HIV infection, pregnancy termination medications, and condoms to those who do not exercise gold card eligibility have been discontinued from existing facilities and then received from other facilities in accordance with existing rights. It's confusing, confusing, and inconvenient for the public. Providing health promotion and disease prevention services to all rights is a role that the NHSC has been doing continuously for over 10 years, and the budget that the NEDA has sought the approval of the House of Representatives has informed that this budget will be used for all rights of citizens. If the NCPO is concerned about legal challenges, it should bring clarity. But it must not make such an impact on so many people, providing services as they have been doing for over 10 years. Pending legal hearings, Dr. Chol Nan. We urge the Ministry of Public Health and the NHSC to allocate budgets to service facilities as soon as possible. Follow the old procedures and methods, go first. In order to facilitate the brotherhood of the people,2.Expedite the consideration of the law, the Committee of Decrees must urgently point out the law. 3.I would like all parties concerned to consider whether delaying the payment of this part is a violation of the Fiscal Year 2023 Expenditure Budget Act. "Delaying the payment of this part, totaling 514 million baht, affects the brothers and sisters of 13.5 million people, including social security, civil servants, state enterprises, whose parents are affected. This arises from the interpretation of the panel of legal counsel whose observations were thus sent to the panel for interpretation. While this part of the budget has been in place since 2002, there is no problem, and it is in the 2023 budget, which has already passed parliamentary scrutiny. The incoming parliamentarians calculated it all, but the outgoings put the budget on hold. If it were me, I would have removed this legal counsel. If there is no clarity on this. Wait for the constitutional debate, Article 152," said Dr. Chol Nan, a member of the Party for Thailand and responsible for identity and diversity policy. The Party for Thailand said the ministry of health's policy now has had a devastating impact on the health of the people. It wants the Ministry of Health to urgently consider this issue, as HIV is known to be a sexually transmitted disease and is now being prevented and treated. The drugs that Thailand is using are PrEP and PEP, which are drugs that prevent HIV after exposure or emergency drugs. It is used in cases where sexually active people are at risk of contracting infection, such as tear condoms or sexual harassment, which can be prevented by 80%, and the sooner they are prescribed, the better the effectiveness of prevention. There are more Thais who are turning to consumption. In 2021, the survey found that 2.4 to 2.5 thousand consumers of PrEP in Thailand are consumers per year, and of the 60% of PrEP recipients who receive the drug through clinics and civil society health centers, only 15% receive it through hospitals. It shows a huge difference in the choice of services in access to medicines, the Ministry of Health's announcement said. That does not allow non-hospital service units to dispense PrEP and Pep to the public. In the past, civil society clinics and health centers have worked hard to provide access to such medicines. Whether it's educating about STDs in many areas across the country. Proactively manage PrEP services, make it easier for people to access medicines and reduce the rate of new HIV cases by civil society dispensing statistics In 2022, there were more than 6,600 recipients of PrEP from the Friends of Service Workers Foundation (SWING) in 2022, 2,700 anonymous clinics and 6,500 rainbow blue associations of Thailand. Thailand is the first country to introduce PrEP to prevent the spread of HIV, with civil society organizations dispensing PrEP to people to reduce the risk of spreading the virus. Looking at the statistics, it has been found that in Bangkok, where there are more consumers of PrEP than most. "Providing services only to hospitals creates problems for hospital management, as well as creating problems in people's access to HIV prevention medicines, as hospitals provide services during official hours and have a large number of users, causing people who want to use PrEP for a long time, or having to take time off work to wait for PrEP, resulting in loss of economic opportunities, lack of income to access medicines, unlike civil society medical centers that can book queues in advance. Healthcare workers are already overwhelmed with workload. Why is prep measures being introduced that make healthcare workers more productive? Chanan said that in 2021, 25,000 PrEP recipients per year were 25,000 per year, a very small figure compared to the United People's AIDS Program, or UNAIDS, which aims to provide 140,000 people per year with access to PrEP. If this continues, it may lead to fewer people picking up PrEP and affect the well-being of Thai people in 2022, with 520,000 hiv-positive and 6,500 new infections among gay men. Transgender women, sex workers, adolescents and couples with different blood outcomes, which followed the announcement, and LGBT groups strongly opposed the announcement: "This is also contrary to the National Strategy on Ending AIDS from 2017-2030, which aims to reduce no more than 1,000 new HIV cases per year, and by 2030 to eradicate HIV or AIDS from Thailand. The role of the Ministry of Health is to strengthen hygiene. Prevention, disease control, rehabilitation of citizens. It is necessary to improve access and distribute resources to the public thoroughly, not to monopolize resources that make people sick and weakened. It urged civil society clinics and health centres to continue providing PrEP services. The government supports the budget and, as an LGBT representative, urges the Minister of Health to think, analyze and sort out this issue carefully," Mr Chanan said. Dr Linthiporn Warinawacharoj, deputy secretary-general of the Party for Thailand, said that for his concern on the issue, he would not be allowed to do so. Some of the policies announced by some political parties are spoken and done, but some of the things that are done may affect the quality of life of the people. Especially those directly responsible, such as the Minister of Health. The Party for Thailand would like to leave this issue and leave its concerns to the brothers and sisters of the people and promise to fully pursue their claims on the issue.
- 12 Deputy Prime Minister of Yingluck Who's doing what?|Over the past several days, it is inevitable that the allegations of an affair brought by lawyer Tam-Saitra Bhagwan have revealed are related to a former deputy prime minister during Ms Yingluck's government. Shinawatra, the allegations are one thing, but what's more interesting in the political moments that are threading the needle ahead of the upcoming elections is that many of those deputy prime ministers are still riveting in Thai politics. So Sanook.com asked us to explore who the 12 deputy prime ministers of Yingluck were and what these individuals were doing. • Yongyut • Yukol • Yutsak • Surapong
"Big Tu" reveals the reasons for joining the NCPO ready to fight in the process.|"Big ass." Officially launched the application to the NCPO, announced that it was ready to fight in the NCPO process, removed the charges, threw the NCPO into judgment, could not accept the image, but tried to adapt all the time. Lund didn't hope to have power or want to be big. The reason to stand here is because Thailand has to go to Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister officially signed up for membership of the Thai National Unity Party and wore the Thai Nation Building Party shirt before walking to greet the party members and the people who attended the event and made his debut on stage and said at one point about the mission and the direction forward for the whole Thai people. We are thai people of the same heart, both here and at home. Today, for the first time in my life, I am a member of the Prok Political Party and the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building. Everyone would have been familiar because they'd been around for years, they'd remember their faces. Today, I want to say that they can't erase our image. He's been a soldier my whole life but has always struggled to adapt when the prime minister talks about the moment when people come to the event scream. Gen. Prayuth then said, "Shyly, anything is good, that they can have today because of us, because we are Thailand, the holy land. We were born here, some of you are here, some are not just individuals, but we must preserve this land as much as possible. I'm grateful. He had never been excited before, today he said to the executives that he was normally excited, not afraid of anything because he had been a military rat his whole life. But are you afraid of the love you're giving you today? Because I really love everyone, because I am the owner of this land. Don't say he's been a soldier his whole life, he's been preaching like this all along. From being a junior soldier to running the country. Insisting on doing so for the country's prosperity, Gen. Prayuth said, we must adhere to the nation, religion and monarchy. This is the heart of the whole Nation, the most important thing is that people have been soldiers all their lives through how many faithful offerings. To be honest, and he was a Queen Scout soldier, with two tiger marks in the middle. Ask why the Purple Heart isn't red, because bosses must have a heart of integrity. Honestly, a dying person must not lie, a dying person must not lie, not knowing whether today has changed. Today the intention is to meet everyone to see if we still love each other the same way, and get answers in this room is really, really, really, real Today, know that everyone comes by heart. The heart is an expression of love, Gen. Prayuth continued, speaking with excitement. Maybe the machine heats up fast, maybe the temperature rises quickly. Today, he's not coming as prime minister, but coming to tell him why he needs to stay. Do you know why, why stand here today when we have the same heart? It's primarily for the nation, religion, monarchy, and people. We must be a refuge for the people at every opportunity. Today, many people wonder if they want to continue to be. He didn't want to be big. I don't want to have power, power comes a lot and I've had it my whole life, but power comes with responsibility. To have power must be used to be fair, to be fair, to be, to be, to be great, and not to want to receive any benefits. Today, I stand here because I respect Thailand's democratic process. I don't come because I want to stay, but I want to say to everyone that Thailand needs to move on on the basis of capacity and stability to move towards democratic politics as well as the development of the country. Today, if we unite the hearts, unite the Thai people, unite Thailand, build a nation, everything we can solve, Gen. Prayuth said, leaving the house with cheers on TV. If you understand, you're smiling at home. Today, we look back at how to solve a problem, which they can't solve alone. There must be a team that calls political parties, many of whom find it disrespectful to the process. Today, it is necessary for a reason that Thailand must go and fight for a stable, prosperous and sustainable future. So he decided to join the party, which he had been thinking about for months. If you've known this for a long time, I'm not sure if there's going to be a lover again. Don't be bored so fast, at one point there was a cheerleader shouting 'love uncle'. Prayuth said, "We are one family, like husbands and wives, we must not get bored of each other, we must love more with time. The older you get, the more you love every day. He had a sweet but sincere mouth. However, back in 2019, we went into the elections, but there was a lot of work we could do. Rework, do more, how to move forward, and when making political decisions with this party, hopefully there's an opportunity to do things. Thailand is already stable. Love and harmony must not let anyone destroy the love and unity, which thai people love peace, but even if they do not cowardly fight through the future, so the work they need to continue needs to stand here. Thailand is not owned by anyone, but for all of us. The problems that everyone knows are already there, and we need to move on. We've got to get together. Hold your hands together. There's nothing unbeatable, you have to overcome obstacles together. We all need to stand here in the name of 'unite thailand to build a nation'. Even when tired and stressed, I try to be patient, to do better things, but not to say it. It all depends on the voice of the people deciding. He couldn't define anything at the end. Prayuth said he had been thinking for days and months about where it was better to go home and sleep, but he thought about whether we would sleep or not. They have to choose what to do next. If you've ever watched a Buppeson Nivas drama. Today, I can't imagine how to agree with anyone from a foreign country because it's the people who say the word themselves that if Thailand is going to move forward, it needs to unite Thailand to build a nation, and today take the name they say, name the party, and then at the end of the day, Gen. Prayuth sings the faith song of the flint band and shouts out loud: Unite Thailand to build a nation. 
"Worawaj," suggested S.-S.T. Separate chinese people, both travel and self-preservation. Sweeping earnings 2 to|"Worawaj," suggested S.-S.T. Put measures in place. It is open to both Chinese people who come to travel and come for treatment, sweeping the income 2 per se by doing so that it can clearly distinguish those who come to travel and stay for treatment, on January 10. The Party for Thailand's Strategy and Political Direction Committee (PHAT) said that after the first flight from China to Thailand, the company would not be able to take it to Thailand. If you follow up on the situation, you will find that part of the Chinese people who come in to travel are actually traveling, but there is also another part who come in to take care of their health because China's COVID treatment system is not able to accommodate it. Today, Thailand's economy is slowly starting to improve. Therefore, we must be careful not to allow the traditional COVID outbreak to aggravate the Thai economy again. The government and the Ministry of Health must take care of and ensure the clear separation of these two parts. Let's not cause another outbreak because from the past situation, we have let go of enough neglect that has caused enough damage to Thailand. Don't let this turn into another crisis in Thailand when asked if the proposal is to make it clear which flights are coming. Which one is treated like this? Mr Varadkar said he first wanted to have a plan in place and a clear support process was put in place. It's not to be disgusted by coming in without looking at the facts. And after the treatment is cured, there is a chance that this group of people will live in Thailand for a while longer to wait for the outbreak to subside. This will generate additional long-term care income, and even if traveling on the same flight, there must be a process of taking care of the person. It wasn't until the first flight arrived today that they didn't see any processes or measures, and the lack of clarity caused the public to worry about whether the government might ignore and cause damage to the economy like it did in the past. In recent times, the public has always signaled calls to the government for various forms of protection, but the government has mismanaged it to create a crisis. in years.
"Anutin" reiterates Thailand is ready to accept tourists of all nationalities. No covid-19 vaccination history test|"Anutin" reiterates Thailand is ready to accept tourists of all nationalities. Cancellation of COVID-19 vaccine certificate, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health Welcoming 269 chinese tourists, the first flight is expected to increase in 2023. Yan Thai is ready to cancel covid-19 vaccine certificates to facilitate entry due to the large number of vaccinations already in place. In the destination country, if rt-pcr test is required before returning, buy health insurance and arrange vaccination sites only for foreigners. Pilot bangkok, phuket, chiang mai, pattaya with appropriate charges on January 9, 2023 at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, accompanied by Mr. Saksiam Chidnok. Minister of Transport Mr. Phiphat Ratchakij The Minister of Tourism and Sports and the three ministries' executives welcomed the first flight of tourists from Xiamen. Anutin said the first flight from China, the MF833, had 269 passengers, with 15 flights arriving from China today for a total of 3,465 passengers. It's all Since Thailand opened, the country has had tourist trips. businessman Airlines have seen an 80% increase in travel, causing the tourism, hotels, airlines and employment sectors to rebound considerably, and this year more travelers from countries around the world will come to Thailand. With regard to convenience, speed and safety, we are confident that Thailand is ready to welcome tourists and travelers from all over the world. With world-standard public health measures. Let's insist on a principle of action that will not discriminate against a particular country. As there is currently a covid-19 outbreak in all countries, it is an outbreak of a similar strain. Therefore, COVID-19 should not be used as an issue of exclusion in a particular country. According to surveillance data from the strains in China, 97% of the STRAINS are BA.5.2 and BF.7, which are not new and do not spread faster than the strains in Thailand. In addition, the chinese people's covid-19 vaccination data showed a high proportion of 2 and 3 doses of the vaccine (90.8 per cent and 57.9 per cent), Mr. Anutin said today at a meeting of the Academic Committee under the Communicable Diseases Act B.E. 2558 (2015). Regarding the entry requirements for international passengers The meeting resolved to cancel two doses of covid-19 vaccination for travelers before entering Thailand, as Thailand has been adjusting its measures for some time, including screening, preventing and treating foreign tourists since last year. It has not been found that tourists are causing an increase in the covid-19 situation. Meanwhile, Thais are vaccinated as well as China and other countries that have already had a large number of vaccinations. However, it is also recommended that all travelers be fully vaccinated with at least two doses to prevent serious illness if they become infected during their travels, and travelers from countries with a requirement to take an RT-PCR test before returning to the country should purchase health insurance covering Covid treatment throughout their travel period in Thailand and add an additional 7 days to reduce the burden of health costs if they test positive or get sick. In case of respiratory illness, travel should be postponed and cured first to reduce the spread of the disease. This will be done in collaboration with the Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of Tourism and Sports. Clarify such measures by issuing a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) or pre-entry regulations in Thailand. Travelers are advised to protect themselves throughout their stay in the country, such as wearing a mask when in public areas, public transport, washing their hands frequently. If you have respiratory symptoms, screen with ATK, and if you have a more serious illness, go for treatment at a medical facility. Confirm that Thailand's public health system is prepared for emergencies and plans to prepare if severe outbreaks increase. For foreign tourists interested in receiving covid-19 vaccines, government healthcare facilities have been required to provide spot injection units for foreign tourists. Pilots in large tourist provinces such as Bangkok, Phuket, Chiang Mai, Pattaya, will be charged as appropriate, and there will be discussions with private hospitals in case of tourists receiving covid-19 vaccines, however, for foreigners who are in Thailand for a long term or come to work, they can still receive covid vaccinations free of charge in accordance with the state's vaccination policy and ask all Thai citizens to be fully vaccinated with 4 doses to boost immunity. Reduce serious illness and reduce deaths. It's all During the first quarter of 2023, the situation will be monitored and assessed in order to adjust measures according to the risk situation. Non-discrimination It is based on academic, health, economic and social backgrounds.
SRT. Super resistant! Ordered the suspension of the bang sue central station signage for 33 million.|Mr. Nirut Manipun, Governor of the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) Send a document informing Unique Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited to suspend the replacement of bang sue central station signage. The $33 million mark before the suspension order was made while the Ministry of Transport was investigating the matter. After news broke after New Year's Day that bang sue central station would be converted into Bangkok Abhiwat station, there has been a wave of criticism. It's prudent to plan the construction, whether or not the name should be completed in the first place on the PR page of the State Railway of Thailand. The project was described on Friday (Jan. 6) as the reason it spent 33 million baht because it would have to improve other parts that also come into contact with the signage, such as the demolition of glass walls, the cost of steel structures, etc. Cable car fee Meanwhile, the signs are in Thai and Latin letters and the State Railway of Thailand symbol. Therefore, the Railways would like to reiterate the fact to reassure that the project to improve the nameplate of Bangkok Abhiwat Central Station and the emblem of the State Railway of Thailand has been carried out with transparency, cost-effectiveness, benefiting the state and the people." Pr page of the State Railway of Thailand Post
"Buddhipong" Oi "Anutin" was able to lead the country through an economic crisis.|"Buddhipong" Prepare to talk Happy Thai Without post-party pressure, "Anutin" can lead the country through an economic crisis, said Bhuttipong Punnakant. Former Minister of Digital Economy and Society It was later said to worship sacred things at the Temple of the Emerald Buddha and the city's main court. Looking forward to working with the Proud Thai Party, he said he had been in politics for a while and was the first day to work with the Thai Pride Party executives. The MP, who has worked together and has been affiliated with the Thai Pride Party, as well as the younger generation who have been working together for some time, took the opportunity to pay homage to The King, and this same afternoon will go to the preliminary party, talk to Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health. As the party's leader, he is proud of what areas he will take care of again. There was no pressure after switching to a new party, and the Thai Pride Party does not have an MP in bangkok at the moment. If you look at the team, including the S.S. who came along. The presentation of the Bangkok people's policy, which does not come alone. There are nearly 30 young people who have come to work systematically. Representatives from all districts in Bangkok came to work, and there were consultants who were the executives of the districts in Bangkok to help guide each other, thinking that the upcoming elections would be different than every time in the past. Bangkok people really want policies that can be done, and policies that campaign for real needs to be done. The younger generation is the choice of bangkok people, which they are confident can aim for. How many of those S.S.T.S.T.S. I can't say it right now, but I think this time we're fully confident. Only the personnel that are available now, and will join the other, think we are very prepared for the other figures to see how much we aim for. He sees us coming with the intention to be ready to aim high. But fewer factors make up it, perhaps even more so than intended. Therefore, let's take the opportunity to get to work first and present more and more policy developments and guidelines every day. He sees thailand's situation as somewhat different, thinking that today after Thailand has gone through the economic crisis caused by COVID-19. From this, the epidemic began to improve, and after this was an economic revival. Making a trade The people, who think it's important, believe that Mr. Anutin has the knowledge, the ability and is ready for this kind of situation. Proud Thai can lead the country and its people through the economic crisis. It focuses on international trade negotiations. Agricultural products, industry, and industry must make people see that there is more money in their pockets. That's important and it's an opportunity for them to believe that the Thai Pride Party will present this clearly and strongly. Concerned about the readiness of the Thai Unity Party to build a nation there. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the People's Democratic Party have Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharath Power Party, who is a veteran of the political sphere or not, is Mr. Bhuttipong. It states that having multiple political parties for the people to choose from is seen as a charm, a beauty of the democratic system. Offering themselves as a choice is a very good thing, and they believe it's something that everyone wants to see, which they're glad to see. For their part, the team is ready and has been prepared to a certain extent.
Shuvit, suffocating information, handed over Rangsimant Rome, the Grey-Czech Government Bill.|Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former member of the House of Representatives; It announced on Wednesday (Jan. 11) that it would provide information about the Gray Chinese Capital Movement to Mr. Rangsimant Rome, S.S., on the roster. To discuss the work of the former government. The MP said he trusted Mr Rangsimant Rome not only because he was a junior at Thammasat University but also because he was a junior at Thammasat University. But he also sees a new generation of politicians who love justice and are steadfast in opening up behind the aversions in society:"I see Mr. Rome, Mr. Rangsimant, Rome, since Mr. Rome has not yet entered the House, is an activist, a man of mind in fighting injustice. I don't think I'm wrong." "So this matter, I would like to bring it to Mr. Rangsimant Rome, the far-right party, which has the status of an opposition party, to bring the story to the discussion of the defections of the government agencies, of those who run the house, I think this matter will be absent from the debate in the House of Representatives in the near term," Mr. Chuvit said, adding that the information he had given to Mr. Rangsimant had never been disclosed to the press before and was appropriate information for discussion in the House of Representatives. This is based on the documents presented by Mr. Chuvit. "I believe it's going to be important for the political parties in the House to put forward the debate, and I think the evidence is enough to get people in government, especially the prime minister." Rangsiman said the grey Chinese capital movement is expected to involve many people. Which, of course, will be a protest while they debate. Therefore, he urged the public to keep an eye on the protests in the House and believed that using this method to thwart themselves during the debate would have a negative impact on the protesters themselves. Speaking at the end of a press conference, he said, "I'm not here today about politics. I'm a citizen, but my information, I've already said, is a little more stoic. I knocked down all the boards. Today, in my hands, I can knock down the Government in this debate. I insist that if I can bear it, I think it will be unbearable."
Chhattisgarh delivered the Children's Day 2023 motto, "Learn not to bad. Zad, don't often."|Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok It said on Wednesday (Jan. 11) the 2023 Children's Day slogan: "Learn, don't bad. Sad Don't Frequently, Fight, Don't Back Down, Slowly Build Your Heart," the motto says, based on the lyrics of a song called Bad, by the rock band Paper Planes, which is gaining popularity among kindergarten and early elementary school children. She's Not In With a Bad Boy Guy," the song's music video has already been viewed on the YouTube site more than 44 million times. After about two months of publication, the governor said the meaning of the slogan was that he wants children to focus on their studies without being too stressed and not saddened by disappointment because everything will be a growth experience, only encouragement to move forward.
Phiphat, Tourism Minister Target 80 million tourists entering Thailand|Mr. Phiphat Ratchakij The Minister of Tourism and Sports said on Thursday (Jan 12) that the target is to bring thailand's tourism revenue in 2027 to 5 trillion baht, or more than twice the revenue achieved from tourism in 2019 of 1.93 trillion baht, while in 2023 it is expected that 25 million tourists, or 60% of the number of tourists in the pre-COVID-19 period, and the total revenue from domestic tourism and foreign tourists is expected to be 2.4 trillion baht. This year, or about 80% of pre-COVID-19 periods, china's opening of the country accommodates so many surfers. Mr Phiphat said the shortage of skilled workers in the tourism industry must be addressed. It also needs to increase safety to welcome tourists. This will require working with other ministries and people in the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) to reveal that in 2022, Thailand had 11.81 million tourists arriving, while the most foreigners entering Thailand that year were Malaysia at 1.95 million. India 965,994, Laos 844,959, Cambodia 591,657 and Singapore 589,770.
"Damn it!" Admittedly, the open letter is real, but it doesn't convey the "Big Tu" lover.|Pravit receives an open-minded letter that is real, hoping to convey it to the people, not to the "Big Tu" lover because it is not written by himself. The party did, reiterating 3 p. also Forever leaned no. 2, then swiped. S.W.R.S.R.S.T.S Tell me, let's talk about Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister worshipped The Royal Butler Laem and attended the worship of Samut Vajirasophon. The abbot of Wat Phet Samutworn Vihara, Mae Klong Subdistrict, Muang District, Samut Songkhram, by Gen. Pravit did not ask for any blessings, but the abbot gave his blessing that to be energetic and able to continue working, after which Gen. Pravit took a golf cart to the waterfront to monitor the progress of the construction of the main drainage system and flood prevention system. It has acknowledged that the Facebook page, which says the opening is a page of the People's Democratic Party, and that the message on the page is true, and that the message is not an opening but a response to the question asked by the party as to what the real story is. That's true, as you can see. As for the content on the page, there's nothing, and there's no opening for the 2nd edition, and 3 P.S. Young Forever is the same, general Prawit replied that it's the same, and forever, and forever, and the preparation of a roadmap to help the party campaign. General Pravit replied that starting at any time, water would be used as the main policy for finding waste for the atmosphere. Between the two sides of the road, people came in to greet them, ask for photos, and saw Uncle Pom as a kind person, and at one point the owner of the noodle shop called General Pravit to say hello to the prime minister, making Mr. Santi Prompat, the party's general secretary. "He's right. Prawit told the press in an open letter that there was nothing he did, and when asked if it was a letter to his lover, he said: "I'm sorry. Gen. Prayuth? Prawit said no, but it was to send to the people what we were doing. Is Gen. Prayuth's relationship still good? Prawit said it was still good. There's nothing Gen. Pravit also mentioned. If senators are prepared to propose constitutional amendments to the eight-year term of office of prime minister, they are not looking at the matter. When asked what his opinion was. If he's really going to propose a fix. Gen. Pravit said he didn't know. If you know, answer it yourself. I don't know, the reporter asked if it was appropriate, said, "I don't know.
"Uncle Tu," surprised the grandchildren of the Bureaucrats. In a good mood, holding the children's hands, watching the dinosaurs.|The prime minister surprised himself to get out of the building to meet the children of the civil servants at the House. In a good mood, hold your hands, watch the dinosaurs simulate. Preparing to open the office for the youngster to sit in the prime minister's chair before Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence returned to their homes and walked down from the Thai Twin Sky Building to inspect the 2023 National Children's Day event inside Government House and meet and greet and take photos with the children of government house officials, as well as officials of various government and private organizations. Prepare work inside the House without any prior notice. The Prime Minister walked over to the children in a good mood and invited them to take pictures with the dinosaurs in front of the Thai Sky Building and checked the preparations for the children's day event that will take place tomorrow morning. The Prime Minister presided over the opening ceremony of the 2023 National Children's Day celebration at the Ministry of Education before 9:45 a.m. Lead youth representatives Then, at 10.30 a.m., the Prime Minister opened the National Children's Day and gave a sermon to children and youth at the Peace building outside Government House and watched the performance of Theme: Thainess. Patriotism at 11 a.m. Visit the activities for children and youth of various agencies in Theme: Thainess & Soft Power at the Central Hall of the Peace Building Before visiting the activities for children and youth of various agencies in Theme: Modern Technological Power at the Peace building (after) Government House, visit the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' "Following in the Footsteps of APEC" activities and watch the activities to honor the monarchy and participate in the talk: The role of youth in the development of the country at 12.15 pm. Visit the youth press conference at Naree Club Building, Government House, before visiting the activities of Thai Beverage Public Company Limited and the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) in front of Command Building 1, Government House, visiting PTT Group's BCG support and drive activities, and visiting the activities of the Anti-Disaster Association such as drone simulators and music performances of the Army Orchestra, and visiting the activities of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment on the lawn (fountain yard) in front of the Peace building, Government House.
Children's Day is bustling. Wait in line for the prime minister's chair.|Children's Day is bustling. Parents queued up before 7 a.m. Watch the office sit in the prime minister's chair, have fun with dinosaur simulators. Vintage cars The exhibition booth is ready to receive the 2023 National Children's Day Atmospheric Award at Government House. Children and parents are waiting in line to participate in children's day activities. At 7 a.m., as soon as officers opened the gates at the foot of the Shyamamruchet Bridge at 8 a.m., children raced into the government house area. Many people intend to queue up. To see the prime minister's office and chair, which was the highlight of this year's Children's Day event at Government House by Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence presented the slogan for National Children's Day 2023: "Know duty, discipline, desire for goodness", and considered that the atmosphere was bustling because it had not been held for 3 years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The children were amazed by the activities inside Government House. This year, both public and private agencies set up booths for children to enjoy, with children's favorites still being dinosaur replicas, and antique cars at the event also featured activities to promote Thainess, patriotism, and the power of Thai children by focusing on creative activities in the form of exhibitions. Scenarios, sporting events and games to promote children and young people's learning, such as activities to promote power. Thailand's follow-up exhibition hosts APEC conferences, modern technology shows, games competitions, robotics competitions. Another focus of E-sport is raising awareness of the preservation of the environment and natural resources. Reducing global warming Activities for a Green World Under the concept of "BCG Model", there are activities for children to bring bottled waste. Cans that can be sold in exchange for another highlight is the opening of the government press center. Naree Club Building Simulate a press conference room for children and young people to express themselves, practice reading the news, and participate in fun, play games and give away gifts and souvenirs. More food and drinks for the Children's Day event, Government House continues to emphasize COVID-19 precautions. Attendees are required to wear masks. Wash your hands with alcohol gel safely. Officials also advised parents. Write your name and phone number. Take it with you. If a case of dissent occurs, the authorities will be able to contact the parents.
Start mandatory today! Give or receive gifts, government officials. Not more than 3 thousand digital assets included|Began to force today regulations for giving or receiving gifts to government officials, covering digital assets. The value of giving items according to popular tradition must not exceed 3,000 baht, intentionally violating the disciplinary action. Miss Trisuli Trisarnakul The Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said that on January 13, 2023, the Gazette published the Prime Minister's Office Regulations on the Giving or Receiving of Gifts of Public Officials 2022, which repealed and amended the old Regulations 2001 to provide guidelines for giving or receiving gifts of public officials. The new regulations will take effect from the day following the date of publication in the Gazette or effective from January 14, 2023, which, in essence, prohibits government officials or family members from giving or receiving gifts between superiors. And the above persons shall not be allowed to receive gifts from persons in connection with the conduct of such public officials except as is a customary give or receive, which is priced or valued not more than 3,000 baht, from each giver and on each occasion, or as prescribed by the Commission. The PDP defines "gifts" prescribed under the Regulations as being similar to the original regulations, i.e., money or property given to each other for goodwill, as a reward, given affectionately, for relief or as a gratuity, and to include any other benefits that may be calculated as money, such as granting privileges which are not rights provided for by the general public. to receive a discount on property or service, or to receive training, or to be entertained, as well as to pay for travel, or tourism, accommodation, meals, or anything else of the same nature, including the provision of cards, tickets, or any other evidence; Prepayment or refund or subsequent reimbursement of items has also added a definition of gift property. In addition to referring to property under the Civil code, it shall also mean property under the Law on The Business of Digital Assets in the event that any supervisor or government official who deliberately acts in connection with the giving of gifts or receives gifts in violation of the Regulations shall be deemed to have committed a disciplinary offence or failed to behave in accordance with the Code of Ethics of Public Officials and shall continue to act in accordance with the relevant laws, rules, codes of ethics of public officials or cabinet resolutions. 
The Prime Minister met with juveniles. Admire good children, build reputations, ask them to continue to develop and learn.|The Prime Minister met with juveniles. Admire a brilliant child, build a reputation. Grateful children encourage disadvantaged children. May the children and youth keep good, be a good role model, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence met with juveniles who brought fame to the country, and children from the southern border provinces who were honest, or grateful children and special or disadvantaged children, and gave juveniles the opportunity to sit in the Prime Minister's office chair and take commemorative photos with the Prime Minister. The atmosphere in the Prime Minister's office chair was warm, with the Prime Minister having a friendly conversation with juveniles. He praised the children and youth who brought fame to the country. Let's continue to learn, develop yourself. Do not stop developing. On the part of an honest child or a grateful child. The Prime Minister asked to keep this goodness alive. Because good will make it successful in everything. And let's invite friends to help each other do good deeds. The Prime Minister said encouraging children who are special or disadvantaged: Ask children and young people not to be discouraged. Encouragement to live and stand up in society with pride. Take care of yourself to be strong, be encouraged in every way.
"Anutin" asks to trust the medical system, confident in his openness to touring China. Enormous benefits|The more you give. "Anutin" is reassuring. Open to China Tours The benefits to Thailand are enormous, so trust the Thai medical system. Screening measures reiterate health It must be balanced with the economy, said Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health. Thailand, which has been open to tourists from China since January 8, said it had been monitoring China's movements. The country was opened and a survey was conducted on whether the Chinese wanted to come to Thailand. It makes you feel welcome and prepare to welcome tourists. Therefore, we must make sure that you come to Thailand. It is safe to make Thai people feel safe that Thailand is open to Chinese tourists, the fact that Chinese people choose to come to Thailand is a huge benefit because the tourism sector was a very important economic engine. It welcomed the influx of Chinese people into the country. Bustle ensued. And then these things are gone for three years, today we have a chance to get back to where we were. I personally think that Thailand is strong. There are many selling points. The food was delicious. Excellent service. The tourism sector will be key to reviving the economy. Affirmative, undivided Travelers from all over the world are subject to the same standards, epidemics are happening all over the world, so why do we have specific conditions for certain countries? Let's trust in the Thai medical system. All the screening measures come from academic teams, experts and medical professors to help figure it out, which we focus on health, but we have to balance it with the economy. Thailand vs. China Let's go back to the moment covid-19 started, and Thailand has detected Chinese people infected in the country. At that time, he was quickly healed and repatriated. Travelers from other countries also heal. Of course, what happened, the Chinese authorities were very impressed, and then when Thailand got into trouble, it was the Chinese authorities who came to the rescue. As the world grapples with vaccines, Thailand is backed by China. At the same time, Mr. Anutin is confident that it is not only Chinese who want to travel or invest in Thailand, because internationally, they see Thailand as a target for entry because they believe in the Thai public health system that takes care of everyone equally. In an effective treatment regimen.
"Oops." Posted a picture of his childhood, went through a lot of tests, but didn't dread being a fighter like his father.|On January 14, 2023, Miss Patongthan Shinawatra or Ung Ying, Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation. The Party for Thailand and the head of the family for Thailand, the youngest daughter of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, posted a photo on Children's Day, with a message stating that to the 5-year-old Ink, it was very good that she accepted her father's candidacy. Patience from mom Whoever pretends not to be dreaded! Her life will face many tests, including expectations. Hate, Happiness Sadly, it wasn't easy, but she'd been through it until, as a mother of two today, she's still herself (but it's less than that day). Believing in herself and her family, and going through things together strongly, it's very important on the day she has to fight to protect what she loves. Remember this feeling as a child, because she'll have to use it again when she's growing up, but it's better. If she had acquired a bit more of her father's habit of reading, she'd be a little more interested in computer programs because in the future, these skills would be sorely needed to tell her. One day she would love herself less. She would love her children more than anything, so much so that she made a big decision, wanting to change this country for the better, and it would be good for everyone. Not just our children. No matter what. Be patient, because it brings you to this day#Happy Children's Day, may all children grow up safely. Love, dreams, and opportunities for self-improvement. Of course, not everyone is lucky to be in a safe space, but let's all grow as healthy as possible. May this city change, and it will be an opportunity for all children. 
Keep an eye out for this Jan. 17 "Big Fort." Open policy. Shu pracharat card Believe in reaching out to the people.|"Dr. Narumon," the city's lead says, at the candidates. On Jan. 17, "Big Fort" prepares to make an opening statement on the policy, holds a pracharat card, believes it can reach the people, and Mrs. Narumon Bhinyosinwat, treasurer of the Pracharath Power Party, presided over the symposium ceremony of the Pracharath Power Project. The center will serve as a center of communication between the S.S. of the Pracharat Power Party and its brothers and sisters in the area directly, which will cause the problems of all citizens to be resolved quickly, with Mr. Yong Khamhaeng, a former 2-time MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat province, welcomed by Mr. Yong Khamhaeng, former 2-time MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat province, who at the event was inaugurated at the candidates of the Pracharath Power Party in Nakhon Si Thammarat province, such as Mrs. Polite Khunsri, the candidate of S.S. District 2, Mr. Sudham Charit Ngam, the candidate of S.S. District 4, Mr. Komdesh Majjimwong, the candidate of S.S. District 6, Mr. Sunthorn Rakrong, the candidate of S.S. District 7, as well as the S.S. District 7 candidate. Prachuap Ramani, the candidate of Phatthalung Nangnrumon province, said at the opening of the event that he was very glad to visit the people of Thung Song once more and would like to thank former MP S.S. Khamhaeng for his support of the Pracharath Power Party. Our candidates are considered to have fighter blood, because they go through the process. Screening the candidates of the People's Democratic Party is not easy, as the party has selected the most intensive and qualified candidates specifically for the southern people. The civil power truly intends to serve southerners. It's evident from our candidates this time around. All of them are descendants of southerners, close, intimate, and know the problems of the Southerners well. Therefore, the problem of the Southern people must be solved by southern representatives, but will the people of the People's Democratic Party ultimately win this election? It's up to the people sitting here. He would like to leave that the candidate, who is a person who is a real worker, will be placed in the arms of the brothers and sisters of the people of the South as well, on January 17, 2023, Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The deputy prime minister and the head of the Pracharath Power Party will also start making policy statements to truly give to the people, such as the Pracharat Card, which has been initiated since 2018, where he has served as assistant minister of finance and has always driven the state welfare card policy. Our state welfare card policy emphasizes that people must have real access in order to live a quality life and bring benefits to business. The policy of the People's Democratic Party this time around will be primarily about this. But the section details how much the amount on the civil card will be. Let's wait to hear another statement from the party leader." There are people in Nakhon Si Thammarat province. Thung Song district, as well as neighboring provinces, welcomed and offered flowers to cheer on Mrs. Narumon in large numbers.
"Can" awakens the Lottery Division managing online platforms, pointing out the lottery is also expensive--the state loses revenue.|"Can" awaken the Lottery Division, act according to state-owned enterprises, do not allow anyone to cheat, take advantage of the land, reiterate, adjust the money, have to adjust every transaction, otherwise the land revenue will be lost. The villagers' award was dropped, said Mr. Can Jainchaijitvanich, a former assistant minister of justice, referred to the government lottery that today is sold online in large numbers. There are many platforms where offenses committed, of which the government lottery division is a state-owned enterprise. Causing loss of income from other persons is a threat to the country. They're speaking out today, because they don't want to see people who don't act. I don't want to see society admit to buying expensive lotteries and depriving the country of income"Today, if someone steals a used royal fire, will the state lose revenue? There are penalties for people who oversold, but today the way they sell has changed. Street lottery panels versus online platforms It's different, according to the panel. litigation to But online is transactions today. Everyone admits that they do not sell 80 baht, which means that everyone breaks the law and will be fined 10,000 baht." What if when selling 120,140 baht? The price will continue to rise, and eventually the impact will fall back on the people. The lottery problem is a bigger problem than the royal firestorm. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha? The Prime Minister must direct the government lottery division to fulfill its duties. Otherwise, society will believe that it is okay to buy expensive lotteries and ultimately damage the country.
Kantkanit Moved back to Thailand. Believe, understand.|Ms. Kantkanit, Frustration. Former member of the House of Representatives (MP), Bangkok, District 1, Pracharath Power Party. Launching a move back to the Party for Thailand on Monday (Jan. 16), the former Bangkok MP revealed why he moved back, saying it was for peace of mind and insisted there was no problem with the Pracharat Power Party and Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. The head of the Pracharath Power Party, Gen. Pravit, understands that and does not know what Ms. Kantkanit admits that the public may be confused because it is a move of the party across political poles, but he is personally confident in the party's approach to Thailand that it will solve problems for the people. It is certain that the move back to the Party for Thailand will also help retain the S.S. chair, ms Kantkanit said. It did not invite other MPs from the People's Democratic Party to add it. Friends section MPs who moved to other parties are still friends. Keep talking.
"Dhamnas", says the future of politics, is up to "pravit". Which way to order, ready to follow?|"Dhamnas" says the future of politics, but "Pravit" orders which way to follow, and prepares to return to the PDP a few days before Feb. 7, not looking at the 2 P.S. separately. Each person wants to have their own home. Brahma tribe S.S.Phayao The Thai Economic Party said it was clear about returning to the Pracharat Power Party. That status is currently still a member of the Thai Economic Party, but political matters do not deny that respect is love. Gen. Pravit Came regularly. For you have grace with yourself. Therefore, everything politically, he told Gen. Pravit, was up to Gen. Pravit to decide which way to go. Does Gen. Pravit want to return to power? Mr. Thamnas said that politics now says that there is still time to make decisions, and that as the mainstay of the Thai Economic Party, we still love the same house. Gen. Pravit ordered, however, ready to follow. For their part, however, will they run for election themselves? The voices of the people must be listened to, and which party will be candidates is up to Gen. Pravit, and it should be clear. That before Feb. 7 should be clear. When asked again, Gen. Pravit signaled that he would return. When is the PDP? Mr. Thamnas said that in the congress section of the party. The Thai economy gives us the freedom to make decisions, while many of the civil power leaders have left. Gen. Pravit, however, will help find someone to fill in at this point. Mr. Thamnas said that while he is still a member of the Thai Economic Party, there is not much to say, but the coalition, which has been building power since it was a jelly, is helping. Many of you who have left and then come back when asked, how do you view the political situation at 2P brothers. It's like we're competing for points. Mr. Thamnas said he did not look at it that way, but rather as a form of democracy. Each of them has their own home. Gen. Pravit loves his home because it's built, like many congressmen, and the separation is a political colour to come in elections on the subject of democracy. So, whatever the party is, it's easier. Because the number of parties is not as large as 62, the sections that look to cut the vote among themselves. He sees it as a kind of politics that they are provincial congressmen, and they are confident in the areas in which they are responsible for identifying with the people that they brought the 30th prime minister to meet the people of Phayao. What does it mean? Mr. Thamnas said he was confident that the personality and quirks of Gen. Pravit he was the leader of the people. Whether this is possible or not is up to the public to decide and ensure the results of the past. Gen. Pravit will make it visible to the public. 
Nott. The Lottery Plus, proclaiming the establishment of a "change party", jumped into politics hoping to solve the lottery.|Mr. Panthawat Naqvisut Chief Executive Officer (CEO), a government lottery website Lotteries Plus said via live broadcast (live). On the Facebook page, Division of Lottery Plus. On Monday (Jan. 16), it announced the formation of a political party named "Change" party that had registered to set up the party from Aug. 31, 2022. Saying that the party was due to resolve the expensive government lottery issue, Pandhawat said the party was currently waiting for the Election Commission (MPC). The meeting endorses political parties, which, after certifying the party, will be open to members. He added that he would soon open a platform for the public to express their opinions to shape party policy, with the party shifting its focus to the people. It talks about the problems that exist in society and the one that the party wants to solve the most, namely the problem of the Thai government lottery. Who doesn't dare to speak? Who doesn't dare solve it? The party will volunteer to do it themselves.
Lightning bounce! Moved "Triyrit" to DSI Director-General, switching to Forensics. Rocker "Suriya" sat acting instead.|Urgent! Somsaksen moved "Triyat" from the Director-General of DSI to Nitiwit. The Acting Director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, Acting Director general of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, reported that Justice Minister Somsak Thepsutin had signed an order dated Jan. 18, 2023. Subject Assign civil servants to perform official duties and maintain the civil service instead. Mr. Triyrit Temmongse The Director-General of the Department of Special Investigations performs official duties at the Institute of Forensic Sciences and serves on behalf of the Director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences and provides P.T. Suriya Singhmon, Director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, shall perform official duties at the Department of Special Investigation and shall maintain the civil service on behalf of the Director-General of the Department of Special Investigations in order to ensure that the administration of the Department of Special Investigation and the Institute of Forensic Sciences, Ministry of Justice, is in order and efficiently with the persons responsible for performing official duties appropriate to the mission of the responsibilities of the government department, which will be in the interests of the government, by virtue of Section 20 and Section 46 of the Public Administration Regulations Act, 1991 and amended (No. 5) B.E. 2545 with effect from now on.
Abhisit's father, Dr. Attasit Vejjajiva, passed away peacefully at the age of 87.|End of "Prof. Dr. Attasit Vejjajiva" Abhisit Vejjajiva's father passed away peacefully at the age of 87 today (Jan. 18) at around 11.10am. Dr. Attasit Vejjajiva Adityanath Public Health President of the Royal Academy Former Rector of Mahidol University, former Dean of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital and the father of Abhisit Vejjajiva, a former prime minister and former leader of the Democratic Party, passed away with leukemia. At the age of 87, there will be a royal water ceremony bathed in the corpse. At Water City Hall. Thep Sirindhorvas Rajawara Vihara temple on January 19, 2023 at 5:00 p.m., followed by a funeral liturgy for Prof. Kiatkorn. Dr. Attasit previously held the position. The Minister of Public Health, the President of the Royal Academy and the former Rector of Mahidol University. The Chairman of the Executive Committee of Ramathibodi Foundation is also a specialist in neurology and brain systems of Thailand, Prof. Dr. Dr. Attasit. Born on Nov. 3, 1935, he was the seventh of 10 children of Mr. Josit Vejjajiva and Mrs. Supian Vejjajiva by Prof. Dr. Attasit, whose brother was Mr. Nissai Vejjajiva, the former Ambassador of Thailand, who was the father of Mr. Suranant Vejjajiva, and the brother of Mr. Wittaya Vejjajiva, former Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the former Thai Ambassador to the United States. Head of Child Psychiatry Unit Department of Psychiatry, Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn, Miss Ngamphan Vejjajiva, author of the 2006 Searite Award, and Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva
Vijay-Khachonsak Open your mind to the cause of moving the terminals in for Thailand. Apologies to the Red Shirts—the former prime minister.|That's where candidates for the House of Representatives (S.S.) 2. The people of the Party for Thailand held a press conference on Thursday (Jan. 19) on why it moved from the opposite political pole. After heavy criticism from internet users, Mr. Vichai Lamsut, the candidate of S.S. Rayong province, began by acknowledging that he was one of the founders of the Loyal Thai Party. But just a month after the party's founding, he decided to resign as a candidate, S.S. Rayong. This one. He went on to say that although he had been in the Democratic Party before and founded the Loyal Thai Party, he had never overstepped or slandered former Prime Minister Thaksin and former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. Whether it's Prime Minister Thaksin, Prime Minister. We've never given any attacks. It's the most important thing, and I'm doing it for my brothers and sisters." Mr. Vichai said mr. Vichai mentioned the reasons why I joined the Party for Thailand as a party that is unique in solving economic problems and has actually done so in many successful campaigns such as village fund and 30 baht to treat all diseases." The problem is that the economy can't go right now. It caused terrible misery for the people' brothers and sisters. The brothers complained about when to change. It's been changing for 8 years, a long time. It has to change," said the former Thai Loyalist Secretary-General, who joined the Party for Thailand, apologizing for his past political stance. What did I do for my associates? All democracy lovers. I have to apologize here too." "Currently, both myself and my heart are 100% for Thailand, you don't have to worry about it." to Thailand / Facebook Mr. Vichai Lamsut, the candidate of S.S. Rayong Province. The Party for Thailand, Mr. Khachonsak, enshrined that at the candidate of S.S. Bangkok. Admittedly, he had participated in a rally with the MPC movement. "Today, I have accepted that the events I have worked with, the events that I have gathered and attended with the PDP, are real. During that period, it may have been caused by social currents. Social trends The people's brothers and sisters who let me joined. After that, I figured it out. It was realized 9 years ago after the coup. Having a past government cannot solve the economic problems." Mr. Khachonsak said that the candidate for the Bangkok S.S. said that he has been continuously working in the Huangkwang and Wang Thonglang districts and will continue to prove himself. He also apologized to two former prime ministers and democracy lovers, both insisting they are now democrats." I must apologize to Mr. Thaksin and mr. Prime Minister. Yingluck, who has overreacted to you, and apologized to his brothers and sisters for disappointing him. Personally, at this point in time, both physically and mentally, I consider me to be a democrat and ready to work in the service of my parents and siblings, ready to work with the Party for Thailand, ready to work with red shirt people, and ready to work with all my democracy-loving brothers and sisters." The Party for Thailand, in addition to the two candidates, also has that of the candidates. Another MP of the Party for Thailand, who moved from the Pracharath Power Party, Ms. Kantkanit Singh Santi, a former MP for Bangkok District 1, gave similar reasons because he believed it would help solve economic problems for the people.
Write down the registration of the prime minister's car to the Ratchaburi area. Fans screamed, shouted. "Love Uncle Tu."|"Uncle Tu" landed in Ratchaburi. Visit Kadkubua Tai-yuan as "Kulli" S.S.P.C. Welcome poke. The latter is named to move into RATC Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence, along with Gen. Anuphong Jinda Minister of the Interior Mr. Influence, you're delighted. Minister of Culture Mr. Suchart Chom Scent Minister of Labour Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Ministers in the Prime Minister's Office and Mr. Pirapan Saliratvipak, Secretary-General of the Prime Minister and head of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, joined the meeting with Mr. Keisha Saksom. Executive Director of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building - Sindhop Kaewpichit, former MP of the Nakhon Pathom Democratic Party who joined the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building Miss KULLI NAPOMBADDI, S.S.RATCHABURI The Pracharath Power Party, whose name has moved to unite Thailand to build a nation, was greeted by the prime minister's first stop at Wat Kholong Suwan Khiri. As soon as the Prime Minister arrived, he worshipped Buddha SiriSuvarnabhumi and worshipped His Royal Highness Suphat Therawaso, abbot of Wat KholongSuwangiri, at Wat Kholong Suwan khiri, and then visited the community's cultural economic development, cultural tourism. The Tai-Yuan Community Cultural Way, the Moral Community, and the Kubua Community Way, which are the cooperation of the people of the community according to the principles. "Bowon" was used as a place to sell goods and increase income for the people in the community, with people from the Ratchaburi Labour Volunteer Club holding up a welcome sign. Tai-yuan villagers dressed in traditional costumes waited to be greeted by the Villagers of Pu in Lao Phuan, asking Uncle Tu to stay for a long time and watching that the real Uncle Tu was more handsome on TV and during his visit to the market. The Prime Minister visited longan. The merchant asked if it was sweet. The Prime Minister replied, sweet and sweet to the hearts of the people here. There are shops to visit that also make local fabrics for the prime minister, during which locals tell the prime minister. On economic issues, let's raise wages, can't sell things. The Prime Minister said that it was still difficult and told them to sell well, develop and sell online, while locals from Phetchaburi who came to cheer on the Prime Minister shouted "Love Uncle Tu, be an Uncle Tu fan" and screamed for the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister has used a white Toyota Alpart. License plate Kok 9 Ratchaburi in the area.
"Naris Khumnurak", Interior Minister, enters the ICU. While on a mission at Trang.|Naris Khumnurak Interior Minister Flaring, tense. While performing a prayer ceremony in the Mosque, The Latest Express Hospital is safe and reporters report that today (Jan. 20) at 1 p.m., Mr. Naris Khumnurak, Deputy Minister of The Interior, and S.S. District 1, Democrat, Phatthalung, suffered flare-ups and spasms while attending a meeting with the residents of Bang Pao Subdistrict. Kantang, Trang province, and participated in prayers inside the mosque. Bang Pao caused the entourage to rush to Kantang Hospital, and Then Kantang Hospital rushed to Trang Hospital for treatment, where a procession of police officers was organized along the route, arriving at 2.50 pm. Mr. Naris remained sober and had a smiling expression on his face with those waiting to follow up, including Mr. Khachonsak Charoensoppa. Governor of Trang Province, and Ms. Sunatcha Loksapornpith, S.S.Trang, District 3, by the Director of Trang Hospital. Accelerate the care of the latest symptoms. The doctors had already been taken to the ICU and Mr. Naris had a history of heart balloon treatment at Phyathai 2 Hospital. The doctors gave him a rest, but he went to the area for a mission in Trang Province. It was early in the morning. Mr. Naris woke up from 3 a.m. to Don Mueang Airport, arrived at Trang at 8 a.m. and checked in at Trang City Hall. Mission at Trang City Hall He attended a disaster prevention and mitigation preparedness meeting and presented the policy to the governor of Trang province and the heads of various government departments, and then proceeded to Kantang district to pray at Bang Pao Mosque. Kantang, Trang province, and had a medical condition with flare-ups while attending religious ceremonies. Mr. Prasert Black The monitoring group revealed that today Mr. Naris has the province's main mission of fire prevention. On the eve of the incident, a prayer ceremony was performed at Bang Croat. Kantang During the ceremony, there was a flare-up because I woke up early to the machine at Trang, woke up at 3am and hadn't eaten anything yet, and had a history of making heart balloons. The doctor tried to rest, assessed the initial symptoms and then improved, speaking normally. Little rest was expected as the doctors led Mr. Naris into the operating room to see the digestive system. It is known that initially the patient is likely to lose blood from hemorrhoids. In terms of heart disease, no symptoms were found to harm patients, according to the director of Trang Hospital. Confirm that today the patient must be admitted to the hospital for at least 2 days before assessing the symptoms of moving the patient. Governor Trang said that the general condition of The Minister of Specialty is now safe. Nothing to worry about. I'll check the pathways and digestion to see if it's causing fatigue or flaring this time around. I had an empty stomach, so I had such a flare-up, as far as talking to the doctor 1-2 days ago, I had to lie down at Trang Hospital first.
"Setha," Young replied, ready to be the prime minister's candidacy.|"Setha", youngly answered as the prime minister's candidacy on Ung Ying, reassured Thailand to select candidates and candidates for prime minister with quality for the people. Speaking about his decision to serve as prime minister of the Party for Thailand, he said he is now a member of the party and will help with the economy by helping to reduce the existing inequality with Thais, which is very high. The election is approaching. If he were to take over as the party's prime minister, would he be ready? Mr Setha said he now came to the party's aid. Ms. Pattonghar Shinawatra, head of the Family for Thailand, told Mr. Setha that journalists were trying to get the word "ready" from Mr. Setha, but this time we knew. He reiterated that Mr. Kresthama is a member of the Party for Thailand and is a good person, so economic matters we have already consulted, and for Thailand to consult a lot of good people so that we can solve people's problems. Today, we invited them to take the first place, so I would like to leave another member of the Party for Thailand. When asked whether Mr. Setha would be part of the party for Thailand, he said: Born landslide? Mr. Setha said he was a member of the party. There's a desire to give. The Party for Thailand scored the most points. Otherwise, it wouldn't help. Will this go down in all areas across the country? Mr. Setha said that at the time of sansiri's current presidentship, he had to look at the time. If you have to get into politics fully, do you have to clear yourself up and get here? Ms. Pattonghar said she had already given mr. Setha a schedule. If any day is free, let's help. Meet the people We have to help each other. I can't do it alone. Because this is a national problem. As for the possibility of taking the stage for a speech, along with party leaders, will it be seen? Mr Setha said let's wait and see when it will be clear as it will be part of building confidence, and the candidates for the party, Ms Pattonghar, said the matter is well known, which, if it is to be announced, will definitely be in the time frame. Let's be confident in the Party for Thailand, that we will elect both the Congress in each district and the Party's Prime Minister. We will definitely choose quality people for the public. The Party for Thailand then traveled to worship the sacred things at Leng Neiyi Temple (Dragon Temple) before returning, however, asking if he was to become the party's prime minister for Thailand. Mr. Setha laughed. Meanwhile, Ms. Pattonghar Lollipop said she would get the word ready, saying that Mr. Setha was a member of the Party for Thailand. 
"Big Fort" blesses the year of the rabbit to lead Thai people through obstacles.|"Big Fort" blesses the Chinese New Year, experiencing only happiness, prosperous affairs, asking for a rabbit year. Leading Thai people to overcome obstacles, cooperate with one and only develop the country "well – eat well". The People's Democratic Party (PDP) page posted a photo. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and head of the Pracharath Power Party with a message saying greetings on the occasion of the Chinese New Year or Chinese New Year 2023: "Xinjiayuyi Xinhuadchai" wishes all Thai brothers and sisters. Experience only happiness, prosperity and health, think of anything, desire, prosperity. "May the year of the rabbit bring good things to all Thai brothers and sisters and the nation to move forward firmly, overcome obstacles, and mold all Thai people into one, working together to develop the nation for good food, to live well, to build a strong and prosperous economy."
Spokesperson reveals Strong Financial-Fiscal Position Thailand! Revenue collection is higher than estimated.|Government spokesperson reveals Thailand's financial and fiscal position is strong! In the first month of FY23, revenue stood at 633 billion baht, higher than the estimate of 736 billion baht. The economy sends a positive signal. Preparing to expand to 3.5 percent – 4%. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said Thailand's financial and fiscal position is strong. The Ministry of Finance disclosed that net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 (October – December 2022) amounted to 633,139 million baht, higher than the estimated budget of 73,586 million baht or 13.2 percent, and 13.3 percent higher than the same period last year, driven by the continued expansion of consumption and international trade, as well as extra income from capital remittances or excess profits of working capital. Revenue from cell phone concessions and radio licenses, as well as retroactive import duties, according to the lawsuit. It is expected that government revenues for the remainder of FY2023 will continue to expand well in line with economic conditions. The Excise Department's revenue collection is lower than estimated, with diesel excise tax rates being reduced to temporarily mitigate the impact on people's living costs from global crude oil prices. That's high poised. If the special income of other government agencies and customs departments is excluded. Net government revenue collection was higher than the estimate of 40,175 million baht or 7.2 percent and 7.3 percent higher than the same period last year." the Thai economy also showed positive signs, with the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council preparing to review the full-year projections of the Thai economy, which could expand by 3.5-4 percent, supported by domestic demand and the recovery of the tourism sector. Meanwhile, the budget disbursement totaled 3.1 trillion baht and borrowed to offset the budget deficit of 695 billion baht. As a result, the treasury balance at the end of fiscal year 2023 totaled more than 710 billion baht, which is a level sufficient to meet the necessary spending of the government. Overall, the fiscal position in FY2023 is stable and strong. 
"Kung Ploy," ex-wife Said. Turn to politics. Inaugurated as a member of the Thai Srivilai Party.|In the case of Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintharanon or S.S.Tee, he moved through Facebook with a photo posted a picture of "Preparing to launch Tik Big Brother as a member of the Thai Srivilai Party", the latest "Kung Ploy Kanittarin Pacharapakdeechoti" or "Tik Big Brother", the ex-wife of the hero "Young Sarram" posted a framed photo with "S.S.T. Mongkolkit Suksintharanon" via Instagram with the message "Thank you, Mr. K.K. For giving me the opportunity", among the netizens joining in the cheering and wishing Kung Ploy to complete the political path. Big Brother or Kanittarin Patcharapakdeechoti (formerly Lalisa Sondhirod) was born on April 13, 1983. Get started in the entertainment industry As a winner After participating in the 2nd season of Big Brother in 2006, which previously had a career as a female stuntman, he then had the opportunity to work in the industry as a female stuntman in both Thai and international dramas and films. At the time, he was called the leading female boob of the tick industry. Big Brother attends the wedding ceremony with the famous hero. Young Sarram The guardian angels, and the marriage registered quietly and simply. On September 21, 2018, they had 1 daughter together before divorcing in 2020.
National development dares. Open 12 core policies Chu abolished the blacklist bureau.|The Dare National Development Party announced the launch of 12 key policies for the next elections. On Tuesday (Jan. 24), one of the main policies was to abolish "blacklisting bureaus", or blacklisting those who did not pay their bank debts on time, said Mr. Attavitch Suwanpakdi. Members of the National Development Party dare to insist that blacklisting or blacklisting is real: "I learn that blacklisting is real, but when we say this, we have to have people come out and say no. Thailand does not have a blacklist, just like you have heard that there are any NCOs. Brother Nui. Old cops, yep. There you are. Does any of the chief ministers say there's a boon in Thailand?" Mr Attavitch said members of the National Development Party dared. One of the leaders of the MOVEMENT, the MPC said the bank would look at the history of these payments for loan applications, and even if those who had owed had already paid off or closed their debts, the unpaid history would still exist, which would hinder starting business for a small number of people. The way to make this happen is to amend the Credit Information Act and the Personal Data Law, which must go through the legislative process.
"Big ass" didn't crash, "Brother Fort" stomped his face first, I didn't tie his legs, whoever was going to go.|At Government House Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence spoke after the Cabinet meeting about the trip to the government inspection area in Suphanburi province. This afternoon, it's a schedule in advance or just a decision, but it's been several days since he's been working on farmers and arable land. His problem, which has received complaints, needs to be addressed. Not to all the other matters that the Prime Minister goes on in government time is working within the framework of the Prime Minister and the Government anyway. I didn't go any further when asked about the chumphon landing, which will be the first speech. On behalf of the United Thai Nation-Building Party (RATSC) Prayuth said it was a matter for the party when asked if there was news on the same day. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan, deputy prime minister, as head of the Pracharath Power Party (PDP), will also visit Chumphon province in the morning. Gen. Prayuth said, "Whoever goes, go. This land, who can go anywhere, can't go anywhere, or who goes first and after, doesn't see a problem. It doesn't crash. So, don't go for news like this. He thought it was of no use when asked whether the prime minister must now take up space both in the prime minister's mission and on the part of the Thai Unity Party to build a nation. Gen. Prayuth said, of course. My role had to change as the agenda went on. Whichever is the government, it's the government. It is my duty as Prime Minister to take care of the whole country, all the provinces, not to follow the plans that have been put in place. How did it work? There's a problem there as prime minister. For its part, the party is a campaign, it's said. I just have to define my role clearly when I ask that, but people like to look at it. Prayuth said while the media hadn't finished asking: "The people who look at you are looking at you. Others, he didn't look at. When asked whether the Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Pravit landed at the same time. Make society look. Gen. Prayuth said, I didn't tie my legs, he didn't tie my legs. I can go anywhere. You can go anywhere, you can go at the same time. There was no problem when asked if it was strategic because in the current situation only Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Pravit, with the Prime Minister not answering questions, walked out of the interview circle with a displeased expression on their faces when reporters tried to ask if there seemed to be a distance between the two brothers at this time. Gen. Prayuth said no, and immediately walked up to the skyline.
"Pop Nithi". Big Bang Son Launching a political play, preparing to compete for the S.S.A., the People's Democratic Party (PDP)|Pop. Nithi Boonyaratklin Big Bang Son It was launched as the candidate of S.S.P.S.S.P.S.P.S.P.S.S.P.S.S.P.S The Pracharath Power Party (PDP) said in an interview that the candidates intended to serve the people's brothers and sisters of the Pracharath Power Party by Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister as party leader. Giving each other the opportunity and determination to listen to the people's problems and help present the party's policies to the people, Admiral Nithi said, insisting that there was will, and would do his best, but that the victory in the election was also in place for the people. His father, Gen. Sonthi Boonyaratklin, has already laid down his political hand, but has encouraged him to come to politics when asked if he has consulted his wife "Pai Panwad Mehmani" before becoming a candidate. Mr. Nithi said his wife had cheered. He knew he had a lot of willingness, and a willingness to actually come in and work for the people. Admiral Nithi was born on March 31, 1982, the son of - Gen. Sonthi Boonyaratklin, former Deputy Prime Minister He was also a member of the Army and former head of the Governance Reform Committee in thailand's 2006 coup d'état, a former member of the House of Representatives and head of the Motherland Party, and Mrs. Piyada Boonyaratklin, with one brother and mother, Nirin Boonyaratklin, graduated from the 99th Naval Academy. Naval Headquarters Admiral Nithi is married to Panwad Memani or Pai, a famous actress. As of 2012, they have 2 children: D.C. Assadin Boonyaratklin and Palin D.J. Pranpalin Boonyaratklin 
The prime minister's car registration went to Suphanburi area. I found the villagers asking for a cheeky scent.|The prime minister was fit, finished, and flew down. Dan Chang, Suphanburi province, received 113 cases of homeless villagers after complaints of lack of progress, reiterating, to solve the problem based on km. I didn't expect to love and didn't come to politics, I found the villagers asking for cheeks, cheeks, shyness. Tell me to be careful with COVID, take a picture instead after the Cabinet meeting. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence, along with Mr. Piraphan Saliratvipak, Secretary-General of the Prime Minister. Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office traveled to The Dan Chang District, Suphanburi Province to inspect the government. The Prime Minister traveled to the utilization area at the allotment plot, Wang Yao subdistrict. Dan Chang District monitors arable areas. In 113 cases of homeless villagers, complaints of delayed arable land arrangements were filed. The Prime Minister meets with the people who have been allocated the utilization area at Wang Yao. When the Prime Minister arrived, he received garlands and flowers from the villagers, stating thank you to everyone. The Prime Minister inquired about the problem with the villagers, stating that the Prime Minister did the NCPO. It's been years. Set up a resolution committee for low-income people, from the previous government to this government. Today, take a chance to see what other problems there are. Insisting that he comes in the name of the Prime Minister already loves everyone. Insistence must be made right while the Prime Minister speaks to the locals. Mike continued, "To ensure fairness to the people, the Prime Minister himself has a policy of equality and access to opportunity, caring for low-income people, but it all has to be based on the law. The rules must be mutually acceptable, the Prime Minister said. All the principles are already approved, but the permissions document must be checked to see if they are correct. He ordered that the two large plots of land be looked at whether it was legally leased or not, and he said it was important to check whether 113 villagers had arable land elsewhere. If there is, it will not be allocated, which the villagers say yes, and the Prime Minister says, because it is an old soldier or not, the Prime Minister asks who allocates it. The villagers said, "Mr. P," the prime minister asked who "Mr. P" was, but no one could judge, because he was the prime minister, if the prime minister couldn't judge, who couldn't do the same. The villagers said that the governor did not take action for the prime minister, so he hastened to say that he was not an enemy. Thai people together. The Prime Minister said he had directed 113 villagers to do so, which, if correct, would have to make a chart and draw a lottery of who was where, which, according to the documents, showed that 59 villagers failed to meet the criteria, leaving only 54 valid, and reiterated that everyone must accept the rules herein, the Prime Minister said. Inquire about a plot of land that has been fenced off by barbed wire. The town has no purlins or how, and asks, is it okay and satisfied? They come to coordinate everything forward, not to do it, so that everyone loves them. If you're going to love, you love it, but do it today, do it right. Today, they come together to keep working. It's not done to appease. Today, I have to give credit to the governor and the working group, don't get angry, get angry. Because the law must be upheld, the rule of law and the state must walk side by side. If it's controversial, the city can't move on. It must create love and unity, but I can't say I love the prime minister or don't like the governor. There must be a law to take care of it. Today, there are many deputy prime ministers. The villagers said they were glad that the prime minister came down and looked at it for himself. Last night I couldn't sleep. If the prime minister does not come, it can be disqualified, at the same time, there are villagers who embrace the prime minister and ask for a photo, say that the prime minister is more handsome than on television, and there are villagers asking to smell their cheeks, but the prime minister says that COVID still exists, so only to take pictures at the end of the day. The Prime Minister said that the problem is there, but there will be no time to go down to all areas because there are many problems and more work to be done, just ask to raise this problem as a lesson in how to pilot how to solve the problem of arable land in other areas. Address the issue of arable land overlapping with state land. There are 95 families who do not yet have the rights documents. Before 1963, when the government came to organize, it was declared a protected forest area, resulting in no documented rights, with the Prime Minister asking the villagers to calm down. It's currently in the rules, and I'm going to take this into consideration, and this issue is a declaration of overlapping grounds. After setting up the 1:4000 rate today, he will take up the matter, the Prime Minister said before returning, saying today that he speaks on behalf of the government, not campaigning. The prime minister's job is to provide fairness to people across the country. Applying the guidelines to other areas as well, because the NCPO will organize all provinces across the country, which has a lot of problems. The villagers are both savvy and incomprehensible, but the prime minister, as chairman of the NCPO, has not understood. We have listened to the problem and resolved it to reduce conflicts so that the villagers can be thoroughly fair, all of which is the duty of the government for this area. prime minister Use a Fortuner Black. Registration No. 4212 Yala
Prayuth asked about Thaksin, "Don't talk about that person, I don't like it!"|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Expressed dissatisfaction during a press interview at the National Police Headquarters. On Wednesday (Jan. 25), after being asked about former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, the incident came after reporters asked for comment. Prayuth, the former prime minister, said that his refusal to dissolve the House of Representatives was because the Thai Unity Party created a nation that Gen. Prayuth It was recently released into the affiliation. It's not ready for election because it can't set up party branches across the country yet. Prayuth addressed reporters with a disgruntled tone, "Don't talk about people, I don't like it," and left the National Police.
Rangsimant Sud Prayuth, some work! Grey Chinese capital knot|Mr. Rangsimant Rome, Member of the House of Representatives (MP) The far-right party released a statement on Thursday (Jan. 26) about a money laundering case involving a Chinese capital group, referring to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's lack of oversight of police work, leading to several scandals over the past several weeks: "During this time when the police are smearing, extorting, collecting, and dealing with all sorts of things, he's doing nothing, and in the end, it's not just destroying the police industry. It's not just destroying the justice industry, it's extending to tourism, to the image, to the economy of Thai society, just because we have former military officers like Gen. Prayut who don't have any ability to run the country." Mr Rangsiman said: "Well, leave it to the press brothers and sisters and I hope that Gen. Prayuth will excuse himself and gain sanity and try to do something. I don't want you to continue to be prime minister. But when you're chasing and not going, you're still in position, it's not becoming a complementary profession as it is today," the statement said after Mr Rangsimant posed a live question at a meeting of the House of Representatives. To Gen. Prayuth, who directly supervises the National Police. To the subject of grey Chinese capital accused of using Thailand as a source of money laundering. Instead, he did not answer Mr. Rangsimant's questions, nor did he send anyone to answer the questions. It noted that the reason why Gen. Prayuth did not answer his questions. Because, you know, that's the question to ask. The names of the grandchildren themselves also appear. The party went this far. It noted that a tour bus service company called M&M Transport Service Co., Ltd. had Mr. Van Hao's brother as an executive, renting tour cars from The Contemporary Construction Limited Partnership of Mr. Pathompol Chan-ocha, grandson of Gen. Prayut, and that these tour buses could be used by Chinese people to travel for illegal activities in the establishments of Mr. Van Hao's network. He said the relationship was the reason why the police did not report money laundering charges to Mr. Chai Nat or Van Hao. "This fact appears, therefore, is questionable whether the S.C., an agency under the direction of Gen. Prayut Chan-ocha, is not a entity. Prime Minister Why was there no money laundering charges against The Hao cabinet in the first place and not informed, because it would also link Gen. Prayut's grandchildren to the case? As for those involved in Van Hao's tour bus, which may have been part of China's money laundering, Tao?'" said Mr Rangsimant. He further noted that if M&M wants to run a tour bus business, why not enter into a direct contract with a car manufacturer or car rental company? But why continue to lease from the said limited partnership, which operates another construction business, Mr. Pathompol, who is a grandchild. Prayuth already has another rental business, Beavich Car Rental Co., Ltd., holding shares with six other shareholders in equal proportions. The company was set up before M&M rented a car from "This means that M&M's rental tour was done at a close interval, which the Beevich Company had already set up. Bievich has a registered capital of 60 million baht and is a company that is suitable in all respects to enter into a tour bus leasing and sublease agreement. Why use it? Contemporary Co., Ltd. That's the construction business," he noted. Other shareholders in the Beavish company may not want to get involved in the event because they know the greyness of this deal, as it involves gray people."
The council crashed, nicknamed "3 days away, 4 days down," revealed a list of resigned senators, some of whom had not yet taken their vows.|The Council crashes again, somnambulism "3 days away, 4 days down!" 7 other congressmen resigned, "New Congress, Unity Party" Ching resigned first, did not meet his vows, Suchart saun himself "closed hands", the meeting of the House of Representatives, with Mr. Supachai Phosu, the second Vice President of the House of Representatives, acting as chairman of the meeting, informed the meeting of the resignation of the S.S. and the affiliation of the political parties of the S.S.S., namely Mr. Karun Hosakul, S.S.S., The Party for Thailand, Mr. Chullit Vijayut, S.S. Nakhon Phanom, Mr. Abhicha Lertpachorn, S.S. Nakhon Ratchasima, The Proud Thai Party, Mr. Srisorn Radhakrishna. Mr. Independent Seri Wattanawut, S.S. Roster, Democrat Party, Mr. Nim Vivarthanadithkul, S.S. Roster, New Economy Party, and Mrs. Benja Nantakwang, S.S. Roster, New Economy Party, 429 members, with a quorum of 215 persons, then appointed 4 promoted S. to replace the vacant positions, namely, Mr. Pichai Khachonruangroj, S.S. Roster, New Economy Party, Mr. Gomin T. Ghatnanon, S.S. Roster, Democrat Party, Mr. Chamni Sakseth, S.S. Roster, Democrat Party, mr. Chamni Sakseth, S.S. Roster, Democrat Party, and Mr. Surabhath Liang, S.S. Roster, Democrat Party, vowed before performing duties for Mrs. Benjamin. The Gazette announced the postponement on January 19, but failed to take his oath to the meeting before performing his duties, the S.S. submitted his resignation letter on January 24, which was a personal right that could be achieved, and then, before entering into consideration of the report according to the agenda, Mr. Ubonsak Bualangam, S.S. Lopburi, the Party for Thailand, proposed the chairman of the quorum count for grace because there were very few MPs in the meeting room, but Mr. Supachai, who was acting chairman at the time, asked the members to stay as a quorum for consideration, during the quorum count, the chairman was changed from Mr. Supachai to Mr. Suchart Tancharoen, acting chairman of the meeting instead, and joked that he did not want to continue acting from Mr. Supachai because he did not want to continue acting with Mr. Supachai because he was absent from 100 members.  
Big Fort-Uttam-Sonthirat Talk about secret deals. Returning Democrat Powers announced its launch next week.|"Big Fort-Uttam-Sondhirat". Talk about secret deals. Returning Civil Power Preparing to make a launch statement next week, he will help with his political-economic strategy. After shuffling his legs, he dodged the media, changing places of talk from the news stream. Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as head of the Pracharath Power Party, held a meeting with Mr. Uttam. Mai Nain, the leader of the Thai Future Building Party, and the party's general secretary, Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong, at 2 p.m. on Jan. 27 at the Chinese Restaurant, Ratchaphruek Club. The fourth district, Bangkok, on how to move the party together. After a certain level of talks, on January 26, a large number of media outlets arrived to cling to the atmosphere of talks in front of the Rajpruek Club, but it turned out that by the time of the appointment, none of the party's leaders had arrived, until after 30 minutes, the talks were changed. It was reported that Gen. Pravit, Mr. Uttam and Mr. Sonthirat had switched to talks at Pullman King Power Hotel, Bangkok. Gen. Vijay Thephasdin at Ayutthaya as chief adviser to the Pracharath Power Party. Join the conversation.  The talks are good, which Gen. Pravit wants to move together as soon as possible, with the official launch next week, and Gen. Pravit wants the picture to transcend conflicts in accordance with party policy, with Mr. Uttom coming in to help look at the economic strategy and Mr. Sonthirat to help look at the political strategy for the Pracharath Power Party.
"Korn" reiterates not giving away workers' taxes. Hope for restructuring, fair taxation.|"Korn" reiterates not taking away the tax on working people. A fairly competitive system must be created, dismantling the structure of the economy. Earn new money to enter the country, Mr. Korn Jatikwanich. The head of the Dare National Development Party said the Thai economy is at a juncture. The economic policy of the National Development Party dares, we delve into the massive dismantling of the economic structure and the acquisition of new sources of income into the country, which they have launched a strategy called Spectrum Economy or Shade Economy to raise 5 trillion baht into the country: green economy "Green Economy for the environment", Gray economy "Turning tribute to taxes", White economy "SaiMu economy", Blue economy "Tech economy". Creating digital economy opportunities, yellow economy Use Thailand's creative economy or soft power to drive the economy. Creating digital economy opportunities, rainbow economy Rainbow Economy, from Equity to Economic Opportunity It raises purchasing power by up to 1 trillion baht every year and the silver economy, while reiterating that the party is not taking away taxpayer money for working people. Instead, it must create a fair competition system, dismantling the economic structure so that hardworking people can open their eyes and mouths. Low-income people have increased opportunities. The middle class is fairly taxed. This is true economic democracy, so we can salvage this country's economic crisis again.
"Anusha" applied to the NCPO to support "Big Tu".|"Anusha" is a member of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building. Accepted as a decision to support "Gen. Prayuth" working for the nation, aimed at the interests of the people, Mr. Anusha Burapchaisri. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office. Anusha Burapchaisri posted a message on facebook stating that yesterday I had subscribed to the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, the second political party I have been affiliated with since I resigned from the Democratic Party almost 4 years ago, with an ideology that wants to bring the knowledge, abilities and experience I have to contribute to the further development of the nation. Admittedly, that's a decision to support. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha I've been given the opportunity to work closely with you for nearly 3 years. I've seen real intention, determination. Working indefatigably against any obstacles that even come in is ongoing. The Prime Minister remains committed. I have always respected the Thai Unity Party to build a new nation, but I see the true intention of the Prime Minister and all the party executives to make the Thai Unity Party a nation, a major political party, a refuge and hope for the people. The ideas and ideals of the party's executive are in line with the ideology that I have always adhered to, the party has a lot of work for everyone, including the prime minister, the executive and all its members. Must work together. In order for the people to understand, accept, believe and believe in the Thai Unity Party to build a nation, we ask all of you to join in encouraging, supporting, following policy and joining the party's driving force so that we can continue to develop the country together.#Thailand must move on#Continue with the Prime Minister. Prayuth#Joining Thailand to Build a Nation
To Thai Sloan Not joining hands with civil powers to form a government.|"Ung Ying" opened the speech, "Nattawut" mocked "Prayuth-Pravit". "Dr. Chol Nan," declared no hand. The head of the Family for Thailand, Miss Patongthan Shinawatra, arrived at the keynote address at Tha Bo Municipal Plaza. With the public waiting to hear the speech, a large number filled the area. As soon as Miss Pattongthan arrived, the people rose and waved their hands and warmly handed over the flowers by Mr. Sutin. Arsenal, the deputy leader of the Party for Thailand, said that 8 years of prayuth's government have left people in debt. Electricity, gas, fertilizer are expensive, but rice prices are falling. If for Thailand to be a government, it will not only rest the debt, rest the principal, but will continue to clear the debt, let's reduce the expenditure for the people, which the state can help, such as water, fire, gas, will help. Now the public is struggling. We will reduce all expenditures. By 2027, wages are definitely 600 baht per day. Change the subsistence premium for those aged 60 years and older to a monthly pension of 3,000 baht. In addition, in order for Thailand to desist from drugs, all it can do is choose for Thailand to landslide only, if not landslide. Gen. Prayuth will return to government. If landslide, no one will take us for forming a government. The Party for Thailand will be the government of the people. Because the people who declare are the people, we will not shake hands with any party. Do not shake hands with the People's Democratic Party or the party that comes from the dictatorship. Mr. Nattawut Saiyake, director of families for Thailand, said that Nong Khai has several districts on the Mekong side, the other being Laos, to trade on the border, but the government does not think about launching the MP alone. Prayuth turned to Keld Pravit to open his Bangkok speech at the Fort Defeating The Enemy, Prayuth was thinking of winning. We don't have to go to the fort to defeat the enemy or win the war, let the villagers pedal down, but not violence. Only use a pen to enter the kukaya for Thai purposes. When people ask Gen. Prayuth about Thaksin. Instead, he said, don't ask about not liking this person if Prayuth. If you come to the sound of nong khai. If Prayuth walks over to tell him, only Thaksin thinks he's going to be broken to death. Other parties offer one or three prime ministers, but we propose 4 people, including those in the locality, we are superior, we will definitely send you a complete list of candidacies, but one of them who will be prime minister is likely to be around here, someone spinning the tide so that Thailand will shake hands with Gen. Pravit or the Pracharat power. We don't shake the hands of dictators, of course. Asked to choose for Thailand to landslide Dr. Chon Nan. Si Kaeo The leader of the Party for Thailand said nong Khai Land Slide. The province must be ceded. Two tickets for Thailand only Nong Khai has the cost of the area, the best people cost, Nong Khai should be a self-governing province, Bangkok can elect a governor, Nong Khai has to do it. If we don't landslide. Good policies, good things won't happen, so Thailand has to landslide. Only three districts have congressional districts. Miss Pattonghar said that if it were not a coup, we would have a high-speed train. If so, Thailand will help clear debts, reduce expenditures. Increase revenue Expand opportunities for people to help farmers, volunteer to sell agricultural products. Civil servants will definitely have an extra salary. Today, many drugs. Children and grandchildren are addicted to drugs. The drug must be exhausted. All agricultural products are up. We have to define our lives, with the elections coming, we have to choose a government that will take care of us. I'd like to leave it to Thailand for landslides. Choose the whole party.
"Anutin," sneered "Doctor Opas," knotted the president of the medical club.|"Anutin" sacked "Dr. Ophas", the reason for the move of the president of the Rural Medical Club. It is the full power of the Permanent Secretary, Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health, along with Dr. Ophas Karykwinpong The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Public Health and the Executive Committee of the Ministry of Public Health visited the Maharaj Nakhon Ratchasima Hospital. Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Ratchasima province, to launch the "Year of Thai Aging Health 2023" event, which, before Mr. Anutin's group went to the event, had health officials and assorted people standing holding signs of encouragement. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health There's the message "Fight, Patriarch Opas", "We love Dr. Opas and always cheer for Dr. Opas." From the case of Ministry of Health Order No. 125/2023 moved Dr. Supatra Hasuwankit. President of the Rural Doctors Club and Director of the Hospital Willa. Went on to serve as director of Saba Yai Hospital. The Provincial Health Office (MPC), Songkhla, effective January 25 last year, became a trend of doubt and locals came out in opposition to the order, with Mr. Anutin saying, "The transfer of civil servants at the low C10 level is the full power of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health, and any action confirms that without interference or the use of any influence of the executive branch interferes, the Minister will only consult with the Permanent Secretary if the appointment of civil servants from the C10 level or above will be made because the Minister will have to bring the matter to the Cabinet meeting, and the appointment of a civil servant below C10 will be a matter for the Permanent Secretary to consider because it is considered the head of the civil service, the minister is not involved and the political department does not interfere, of course, let everyone be at ease," Mr Anutin said.
To thai trust The people want a new government. Solve the economy|In order for Thailand to trust, the people need a new government. Let's solve the economic crisis. Iowa pairing for Thailand with other parties or distorting landslide to bring the former prime minister home doesn't affect the landslide Mr. Nopadol Patma, vice president of the party's strategy for Thailand, said that now that all parties are moving forward in the elections, the political drum is ringing. Information operations began to work. The stronger the party's trend for Thailand, the more political friction it faces because the CONGRESS seats have 500 seats. Once someone wins a seat, someone loses a seat, and there are non-stop analysts who say that thailand will join hands with the current government party to form a government, and the party will go ahead with the landslide to take former Prime Minister Thaksin home. The Party for Thailand also made a statement that it did not shake hands with any political party heading ahead with landslides. To ask for an opportunity to form a strong government to solve problems for the people, and to move forward with the landslide is to have a voice, enough MPs to win the vote. S.W.A. when he voted for the prime minister. In Parliament and pushing party policy to the fullest without negotiating post-election government policy, it's not a landslide to take the former prime minister home as someone is constantly trying to undermine the party's good intentions for who to analyze or say, as long as it doesn't defame the party, it's right. But the party is confident in the judgment of the people's brothers with 1 equal vote, and the criticism will not hit the landslide, and the task of advancing policy and a way out of the economic crisis continues to be carried out in full force. Let's be patient for less than eight weeks, and you know what Election Day will be like to go to the ballot box for a better life. The party is confident that every time the people have the right to choose. The people always choose the party and the best people. Let all parties respect the will of the people through elections. 
It divided 400 electoral districts according to the number of constituencies, with a maximum of 33 districts.|The Office of the Electoral Commission has proposed that the Electoral Commission consider determining the number of members of the House of Representatives on the basis of the electoral districts that each province shall have, and the number of zonal electoral districts of each province. Considering the number of houses of parliament throughout the Kingdom as of December 31, 2022, which was 66,090,475, the average number of rats was approximately 156,226 per member of the House of Representatives, and proposed a draft notification of the Electoral Commission on the zoning of electors of the House of Representatives. The Electoral Commission approved the two proposals proposed by the Electoral Commission, with the number of members of the House of Representatives dividing the electoral districts and 400 electoral districts of each province, the Office of the Electoral Commission shall submit the above-mentioned matters to the Office of the Cabinet Secretary for publication in the Gazette as soon as possible. 
"Thanakorn". Vogue "Big Tu" is better than the 62-year-old election campaign—up for the speech itself, confident of returning to be prime minister.|"Thanakorn". Vogue The "Big Tu" is better than the 62-year-old electorate, confident of returning as prime minister again, campaigning for himself—taking the stage to address himself, Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. Ministers in the Prime Minister's Office, as members of the Thai Unity Party for Nation Building, spoke to the news. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence, as chairman of the Committee on Guidelines and Strategies of the Thai National Unity Party (RATSO), will deliver a campaign speech in Nakhon Ratchasima province on Feb. 18, saying that Nakhon Ratchasima province is considered the gateway to Isaan. Mr. Seksakol Atthawong The Prime Minister's adviser, Nakhon Ratchasima, wants to Gen. Prayuth ran for office because there were 16 congressional seats. The party's chief and general secretary will be the one who will schedule another runoff for Gen. Prayuth, however, the upcoming elections have been held where people say that the flow of Gen. Prayut will be reduced from 62. Gen. Prayuth is definitely better than the 62nd election because 62 Gen. Prayuth is just a prime ministerial candidacy. Gen. Prayuth landed himself. Go through the election campaign itself, take the stage and give your own speeches, plus 7-8 years of work that has made me believe that loved ones are already loved, people who are just going to love it. Mr. Thanakorn said that with the system of the Thai Unity Party building a well-managed nation and screening the candidates that the people want, it is believed that Gen. Prayut will return as prime minister for another term, while the prime minister's office is done at full capacity as usual, but during the holidays, the party is preparing to run as a party member. When asked if the month Is Feb the last month of Gen Prayuth's government to wade into both states? Thanakorn said, as he had previously said, the dissolution of the council was certain, but after the closing session of the Council on Feb. 28, it was confirmed that Gen. Prayuth's wiring was discernible. As prime minister, there's something to follow, but the holiday season wears another hat to help the Thai Unity Party build a full-blown national speech. This election was held by Gen. Prayuth Lui himself.
Prayuth Buktop News slammed the channel for offering fact-based news—not divisive.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister traveled to Top News television station and appeared on the live programme Dark Morning News on Wednesday (Feb 1) and praised the channel for offering factual news. And it doesn't create divisions, which matches their stance: "Hello again, people watching at home, please follow the news from Top News channel, which is a channel that offers news based on facts." Gen. Prayuth said: "It is based on facts and then in a principled analysis with criteria. These things are not for conflict. This is for everyone to understand what it is, and that's what's important. It's not done for anyone, it's done for the nation, it's for the country, it's for my will, and it's my practice going forward,"several internet users took the clip to social media. As a result, "Top News" is highly talked about among users of Twitter sites in Thailand. It was the same afternoon.
"Valiant". Insisting Democrats "disagree" repealed. M.112 Let's stop distorting.|"Valiant," Yan P.C. disagreed, dismissing it. M.112 asked to stop bringing the debate on "Tawan-Bam" fasting protests to distort Nayongjak Klumpaiboon, deputy leader of the Democratic Party, referring to the introduction of the debate on fasting protests. The political demands of the two students they debated in the House, distorted that the Democrats backed three of the 3-point, Tawan-Bam said. suggested state solved. M.112, which is not true, in fact, is a debate that encourages the adoption of the fasting protests of the two students to consider finding a common solution in council. Instead of using the stage outside the council to incite. It does not support all 3 claims, particularly the 3 claims that were dismissed. m. 112, along with not having a discussion, supported the repeal. m. 112, because the party has always made it clear that the Democratic Party opposes repeal. m. 112Awhile, it was discussed that all parties must help prevent the fasting of the two brothers from leading to their deaths. Even if we agree or disagree with such actions, or whether we have different ideologies of belief, it is also important to discuss whether one should not take the issue of fasting of the two brothers as a political condition for the benefit of any one. He also called for an end to misrepresentations from council debates.
"Chai Wut". DES Minister urges e-cigarettes to be legalized The police were smoking a lot.|"Chai Wut". Des Minister D.E.S. Singh pointed out not to bend the law, suggesting that e-cigarettes be legalized, turning tributes into taxes. The ban can be lifted because it's seen all over (2. Addressing the issue of online e-cigarette sales, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES), said the matter requires cooperation with the police to gather evidence and arrest offenders. When the information was sent to des blocking, it had always been done, Mr. Jaitley said, acknowledging that e-cigarettes were a way of life for a group of people, and in many countries, such as in Europe. America, Japan, where e-cigarettes are legal E-cigarettes are now widely sold, not just online. The ban should be lifted because it's still commonly seen smoking, and police officers smoke a lot, Mr. Chaiwut said, adding that he thinks the key issue of e-cigarettes is to legalize them. If it's about people's rights and freedoms, or something that most people can accept, it should be legalized, sold and taxed properly. It will solve the problem of tribute and corruption because it will turn tribute into taxes, and use taxes to solve other problems as well, and will push this into the policy of the People's Democratic Party". E-cigarettes are allowed. Therefore, Thailand should consider it appropriate. Don't bend. I can't do it, but I'm trying to push it to do it. Don't push for anything you can't do." Mr. Chaiwut specify
Go the extra mile. Unfolding the past He used the F-16 to fly to mourn his father. The Blue Army pendant clarified.|Air Lieutenant General Thanadesh Pengsuk, a member of the House of Representatives; The far-right party said on Thursday (Feb. 2) that former Air Force Commander Major General Nabadesh had been arrested on Thursday (Feb 2). Thupatemey The F-16 (F-1) flew in mourning and floating his father, Air Marshal Praphan Thupatemey, who was the commander of the Air Force from 1983-1987. "This is the use of F-16 aircraft for personal gain in personal missions, which is exactly what the use of F-16 aircraft will cost 1. O/M cost (cost for operation and maintenance) of 1 hour is about 120,000 baht, which has used 2 F-16s, the average cost of 2 hours is 200,000 baht," said the candidate, S.S. Far-Right Party. Gen. Nabadej is also the same person who has commented on Myanmar's military's invasion of Thai airspace to attack anti-coup groups and ethnic groups. That's not a big deal," said Gen. Nabadej, who said on the day Burma's soldiers flew into Thai airspace, he said he was like a friend coming to the front yard, but with his father's Tuesday floating ceremony, the F-16 returned to fly on time." Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Roster form The party stepped forward, and that's what it's all about. He urged the Air Force to clarify the issue, and gave an example of how even at some local administration levels there is a jailing of mayors who use state cars for personal matters. The party went a long way. He said he did not expect the Defence Minister, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, to address the issue because he believed it was incompetent and was about to run out of office soon. He also said. He also reiterated the party's stance that it will continue to push for military reforms by removing soldiers from politics, reducing the size of troops and the number of generals. Abolition of military service Return military business to the government, and return the royal parcel for public use.
Air Force Jang F-16 flew past tuesday's floating ceremony. The Chief of Staff honored the patrons of the Royal Thai Army.|The Air Force's F-16 flew past Tuesday's floating ceremony. The Lt. Gen. honored the commander, who initiated the procurement of the F-16 into service. After completing a round-robin reconnaissance flight following the funeral service at 5:10 p.m. on Feb. 2, 2023, Air Force spokesman Gen. Prabhas Chaudhary said. According to news reports in the media, the Air Force's use of F-16 aircraft was reported. The Air Force has verified that it is a test flight. Joint operations in reconnaissance and alert aviation missions, which are conducted around training to maintain readiness for defense missions. To integrate the operational capabilities of the national defense plan. At the end of the joint operations test flight mission. The Air Force, however, has taken the aircraft among them. Fly over to honor the Floating Ceremony Tuesday of Gen. Praphan Thupatemey. The former Air Force Commander, who has been instrumental in developing air force capabilities, was the initiator of the recruitment of F-16 high-performance multi-purpose fighter jets into the Royal Thai Air Force, marking the beginning of the modernization of the Air Force and the challenges and threats of the cold war era. It follows the ceremony of his funeral. The Air Force is committed to the development of the Air Force, following the vision of the former Air Force Commander to maintain the capabilities of the Air Force, according to Air Force Gen. Lt. Gen. Prasad Singh. Thupatemey, commander of the 10th Air Force, served from 1982-1987, former 2nd Vice President of the Senate, and former Senator appointed to serve on June 1, 1944, as an Army cadet, holding important positions including squadron pilot, flight instructor, rear-level training squadron commander, training squadron. Flight School, Deputy Commander, Training Division Aviation School, Academic Lecturer, Academic Division, Air Force Staff School, Assistant Air Force Ambassador at the Embassy in Manila, Deputy Director of Education Division Air Force Chief of Staff, Commander of the 7th AirBorne Division, Air Force Finance Officer, Air Force Maintenance Officer, Assistant Chief of Staff of the Air Force Tactical Service, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Air Force, Deputy Air Force Commander, Air Force Commander and Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Air Force Gen. Praphan Thupatemey passed away due to a blood infection at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital. Air Force Medical Department On Tuesday, December 3, 2019, Siri was 92 years old.
Rocket Media Lab recalculated. How did the borough change? When removing non-Thai nationals|From the case of the Electoral Commission (CTC). Announcement of the number of members of the House of Representatives Electoral districts and electoral districts of each province In preparation for the 2023 elections, the number of district councillors was calculated from 350 districts to 400 districts. Somchai Srisuttyakorn, Chairman of Policy Strategy, Liberal Party of Thailand, and former chairman of the Liberal Democrats. The KGT noted that the calculation of the number of S.S.S.S. of kgat may be taken into account by people who do not have Thai nationality. Kgt clarified that there has always been such calculations since 2015, with reference to the opinion of the Board of Regents, in line with the KGT. It must include all legitimate residents. For this reason, Rocket Media Lab has calculated by removing the population figures that "exclude non-Thai nationals" to see the differences from the KGT version. In the 2023 elections, demographics of the department were used. Interior Cockerel As of December 31, 2022, it had a population of 66,090,475, of which 801,073 were non-Thai nationals. However, Article 95 of the 2017 Constitution provides that voters must be Thai nationals. Thus, it simulates the division of electoral districts in each province. Using population figures that removed the non-Thai population, and found interesting observations. This is when calculating the number of MPs using population figures only for thai nationals. A total of 65,289,402 people divided by the total number of 400 electoral districts will get a population result of 163,233.505 persons per S.S. 1 district, and then take the population result of 163,223.505 people to divide the specific population with Thai nationality in each province. however Once divided and using the decimal rounding method according to the rounding principle to obtain an integer (decimal digits 0.5 or more to round to integers) It was found that the number of MPs who followed the rounding principle was only 397, so Rocket Media Lab took the provinces with near decimal numbers. 0.5 Maximum The first three provinces rounded up to get the integer number were Mae Hong Son from 1.48 to 2, Nakhon Si Thammarat from 9.45 to 10, and Pattani from 4.48 to 5, which resulted in 400 S.S. districts in this election. As a result, there are 6 provinces with different numbers of MPAs, namely Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Tak, Nakhon Si Thammarat. The three provinces with the highest number of non-Thai nationals were Chiang Mai with 152,425, Chiang Rai had 130,278, and Tak had 133,631. Increased from 9 to 10 people Nakhon Si Thammarat Increased from 9 to 10 and Pattani In addition, there is another province, Mae Hong Son, which, when calculated from the population figures, only thai nationals have the same number of people as of Looking back at the results of the 2019 elections (which had 350 zoning councillors nationwide) in six provinces with different numbers of MPas from two versions of the S.S. calculation method, it was found that group 1, calculated in the KGT version, resulted in a greater number of SSas than the calculation using a specific population with Thai nationality. Interestingly, chiang rai in the 2019 elections out of a total of 7 seats. The Party for Thailand dominated 5 seats, namely 1) Visit Tejathiravat, 2) Visar Tejathiravat, 3) Rangsan Wanchaithanavong, 4) Pichet Singh Phan, 5) Aung Tiyapairaj, and the New Future Party. In the 2019 elections, a total of 9 seats belonged to the Party for Thailand: 1) Thaddeep Buranuporn, 2) Noppakun, Phathai, 3) Chakpol. Tangsuttham 4) Wittaya Songkham 5) Sompong Amornwiwat 6) Chulpun Amornwiwat 7) Prasit Sennanchai 8 ) Surapon Kiatchaiyakorn 9) Sriresh In the 2019 elections, all 3 seats were contested. The Pracharat Power Party holds 2 seats, namely Thanasth Thawee kuoyakulkit and Phumi Bulyapramukh, while the Democrat Party holds 1 seat, Namely, Thanasth Thawee kuo kulkulkit and Bhumi Buly head of state, while the Democrat Party 1 seat is Phumi Buly head of state group 2, where calculations in the version of KGT result in fewer S.S. numbers than calculations using a specific population with Thai nationality. Interestingly, in the 2019 elections, a total of 8 seats belonged to the Party for Thailand: 1) Sarawut; Phetphanomphon 2) Anand Sriphan 3) Khachit Chainikom 4) Aaporn Sarakham 5) Judhapatthan Menasawat 6) Emperor Chaisarn 7) Kriangsak 8 ) Compare Judha In the 2019 elections, there were 8 seats divided into 5 seats for the Democratic Party: 1) Theptai Senpong, 2) Assembly, Rattanaphan, 3) Shinwon. Bunyakiat 4) Victory, Deshdecho 5) Bhatra Vijayakul and Pracharath Power Party 3 seats are 1) Rong Boonsawan, 2) Sanahaj Suksrimuang, 3) Saiman Justice Pattani in the 2019 elections, all 4 seats are divided into 2 seats: 1) Approve Susara and 2) Sommut Benjalak. The Democratic Party's 1 seat is Anwar. And the Thai Pride Party 1 seat is Abdul Basim. Abu Group 3, calculated in the KGT version and calculated version using a specific population with Thai nationality, got the same number of S.S. It is interesting to note that Mae Hong Son in the 2019 elections, 1 seat belonged to Panchayat Ginakham. Compared to the 2019 elections, which had 350 zoning councillors, but in 2023, there were 400 zoning councillors, 43 provinces with an increase in the number of S.S.S.S., Bangkok with the largest increase of 3 from 30 to 33, followed by nonthaburi from 6 to 8, Chonburi from 8 to 10, Nakhon Ratchasima from 14 to 16, Buriram from 8 to 10, and Chiang Mai from 9 to 11, and provinces with 1 mp. Narathiwat Bueng kan Pathum Thani Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Phang Nga Phetchabun Phrae Phuket Maha Sarakham Mae Hong Son Roi Et Rayong Loei Sisaket Sakon Nakhon Songkhla Samut Prakan Samut Sakhon Saraburi Sukhothai Suphanburi Surat Thani Surin AngThong Udon Thani Uttaradit and Ubon Ratchathani
Supachai Singh, in the middle of the House of Commons, hurriedly disbanded the House of Assembly, causing the S.S.-Minister to lose his mind.|Mr. Supachai Phosu Vice President of the House of Representatives and Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Nakhon Phanom District 1, Thai Pride Party Speaking during a meeting of the House of Representatives on Thursday (Feb. 2). Call for Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence announced the dissolution of the House of Representatives to allow for new elections. The atmosphere at the Meeting of the House of Representatives was relatively lonely. "They've vented a lot, so I'm not going to be uncomfortable. I'm determined to come in as an MP this time around, I'm determined to do my best. I'm vice president when I get to the throne, I'm acting president, when I get off the throne, I have to act as a member... Czech... That's what I've always tried to do. I can see the atmosphere like this, but you're tired, I'm fed up too. If possible, I'd like to make a claim like Mr. Manit. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha If he hears it, he quickly disbands the House because he doesn't want to meet anymore. The Minister has refused to answer the question in the House, and why would I stay here, I have the same emotions, I want to vent too. Take! Bless the angels. If the quorum of the meeting is not complete, I will close it so I can go back to the campaign," Mr. Supachai said shortly after the count of the number of MPs present at the meeting, which was only 192 people, less than half of the number of MPs present, making the meeting impossible to continue. Mr Supachai then ordered the meeting to be closed at 1.46pm that day.
"Big Tee", MP for Thailand, heart attack, died suddenly. On your way to Bangkok|"Big tee," S.S. Surin said. Party for Thailand, acute heart attack, sudden death On your way to Bangkok at noon today (4 July 2019). Feb. 66) Surin Provincial Correspondent reports on the atmosphere of funeral arrangements at Wat Tai Buraparam. Rattanaburi, Surin province, to wait for the funeral of Mr. Tee Yai Poonsrithanakul, MP for Thailand, District 4, Surin Province, who died suddenly of an acute heart attack. At the age of 63 at Sikhio, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. At 12:00 p.m. today, while on their way to Bangkok, the atmosphere was filled with grief from relatives and the public who heard the news, with relatives helping to arrange a place to wait for the bodies to be picked up from Sikhio, Nakhon Ratchasima province, to return to their hometown. Later, at 6:20 p.m., a rescue vehicle brought the body of Mr. Tee Yai Poonsrithanakul, S.S.S., party for Thailand, to the Temple of Tai Buraparam. Relatives lit incense to get the bodies out of the car and take them to the pavilion area provided. The body will then be removed for a funeral service at 3pm tomorrow (Feb 5) and a funeral summoning ceremony at 5pm, then a funeral mass will be held every night before a funeral mass on February 11 at 3pm. Born on October 10, 1959, is a native of He graduated from Bachelor of Arts (Economics), Surin Rajabhat Institute, and was a politician. Rattanaburi Sanitary Committee in 1982 took office. Member of Surin Provincial Council in 1994. Members of the House of Representatives from 2001,2005 and 2011 to the present day, as the Party for Thailand, as the 4th Congress district of Surin Province, received the insignia. Maha Patriarch Chang 2020 and Maha Vajiralongkorn from 2011 until his death on February 4, 2023 at around 12.00 pm. Siri was 63 years old. 
"Chai Wut". Preparing to push "e-cigarettes" into the PDP policy in elections|"Chai Wut". Preparing to push e-cigarettes as a policy in the elections. Pointing out that some issues are contrary to people's and society's emotions, but rather pushing for legislation like a foreign country, said Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES). As deputy leader of the People's Democratic Party Thank you to Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit for commenting. Support e-cigarettes in accordance with the law. I think so, because of what is inappropriate, and contrary to people's feelings. It needs to be addressed, as is the issue of collecting tributes. Corruption, as it should be addressed, don't go to the polls. If released, then there's the matter of calling for benefits. So it's seen that the subject needs to be resolved. By amending the law. It's a correct order that political parties will continue to push together, and they'll make it an electoral policy. In the upcoming elections, too. He said he had been talking about it for a while. So I thank Mr. Chuvit for addressing this issue again, and I think civil society. Celebrities, actors, or those involved have to come and help. He stated that Thai society is not just about e-cigarettes, it is about outdated laws and making people's lives difficult. People want to live this way. Another group of people who disagreed went to the law to force his life. This is not right, it should give people the right to freedom and then give everyone the opportunity to do what they think is appropriate. It's not about limiting the right to freedom, so they're going to keep moving. Many countries have e-cigarette smoking in both developed countries. European countries, America, Japan, have all smoked each other, so they can see that they will push the law to be correct so that it does not have to conflict with the mood of the people.
"Anutin," smirked Smith. Get ready for your China tour The number of tourists is expected to increase.|"Anutin" is the health, transportation, tourism authority and will be ready for a tour of China starting at 6. The Transport Minister followed the airport's tourist facilitation close to Miss Trisuli Trisarnakul. A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said: "Tomorrow. Feb) will be the first day that Chinese authorities will begin allowing Chinese nationals to travel on group or group tours in 20 countries, including Thailand, said Anutin Charnveerakul, deputy prime minister and minister of health, who directed the governing body, the Ministry of Health. The Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of Tourism and Sports shall check the readiness in various fields for facilitating tourists, as well as providing care in accordance with disease control standards. Both public and private agencies consistently estimate that Chinese tourists will increase gradually. Despite the permission to travel as a group tour abroad, travel companies that have been suspended for nearly 3 years will have to take time to adapt, with The Aeronautical Radio of Thailand (BOT) estimating that the volume of flights from China to Thailand throughout the year will be 36,896. That's up from 65 per cent to 227.6 per cent, or twice, with flights gradually increasing and more in the second half of the year and expected to return to 62, which was before the 1990s. In 2016, Ms. Trisuli said that for the transport readiness, Mr. Saksiam Chiddak liked it. The Transport Minister has continuously and closely monitored the facilitation of tourists. On Feb. 9, visits and follow-ups are scheduled at Suvarnabhumi Air Port, in addition to checking the availability of airport service points, there will be online meetings with the six airports of Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT), an international airport that accepts foreign tourists, to monitor the situation of each airport after the People's Republic of China opens, as well as to monitor the progress of solving the problem of loading and unloading baggage in the airport.
Read again 3 claims of "sun-bam" redeemed by fasting and water.|One of the current situations in Thai politics that is gaining traction in Thai society and the world is the protests of two independent activists, "Tawan - Sunflower Tulanon" and "Bam - Arawan Phupong", who announced the withdrawal of their bail in the Article 112 case on January 16, 2023, and started the dry fasting protests from January 19, 2023 until today. The two of them' demands had not yet come to fruition, as did the exhausted body every day. Open 3 demands of Tawan and Bam, and other circumstances that occurred during the fasting and water protests of the two people. Two young political activists accused of crimes under Section 112 of the Penal Code for conducting polls before being temporarily released, however, on January 16, 2023, both decided to "withdraw their bail" to demand bail for other activists who remained in prison, with the symbolic expression "blood exchanged, reclaiming the life of a friend", pouring red water on their bodies, and reading the following three demand statements: Tawan and Bam set a time frame for the courts and political parties. The demand must be met within 3 days (by January 18, 2023) to release all political prisoners. Both will raise the bar for both inside the prison and outside the prison. However, their demands were not met, leading to the start of dry fasting on January 19, 2023. It is largely used as a tool of people who are powerless, or people who are left with no other means to demand or pressure authority. However, fasting is usually only fasting, but also drinking water or other fluids to support the body, but in the case of Sun and Bam, both opted to use dry fasting or fasting for both food and water, which resulted in the protesters' bodies being rapidly weakened, the British Medical Association produced a medical report in 2006 stating that dry fasting would dehydrate the body, which would result in the human body not being able to survive and potentially cause death within a period of just a week. After five doctors begged for a sip of water to relieve symptoms. However, Thammasat Chalermprakiat Hospital has issued its latest statement (February 5, 2023 or the 13th day of treatment). It states that both of them are very exhausted. There are many types of low-salt conditions. Acidosis Ketone values are high due to fasting, and their symptoms have caused a lot of concern for many after Sun and Bam announced fasting and water. There were several parties' stances and movements against the protests, starting with the racist and blue-collar groups, who organized the event. In front of the Bangkok Arts and Culture Centre, urging the court to approve the bail of all article 112 cases in which other political activists and the general public continued to participate in such activities, 50 law faculty members from various educational institutions across the country issued an open letter to the President of the Supreme Court, the Director-General of the Criminal Court and the Director-General of the South Bangkok Criminal Court, filing three demands: 1. Asking the court to consider withdrawing tawan and bam's bail withdrawal order; In order for the two to gain their freedom as soon as possible, before everything is too late. 2. Ask the court to consider the temporary release of the accused or defendant in all political cases in accordance with the law, and 3. ask the court to rescind the bail conditions that are contrary to the principles of proportionality and presumed to be the subject of criminal cases, and more than 300 medical personnel including doctors, dentists, registered nurses, pharmacists, nutritionists, medical technologists and others have signed up to file with the President of the Supreme Court. The Director-General of the Supreme Court, the Director-General of the South Bangkok Criminal Court, the Director-General of the Ratchada Criminal Court, and the United Nations Representative to Thailand. To call for the release of political prisoners, so that all of them are treated both physically and mentally. Justice Minister Somsak Thepsutin, who also visited Tawan and Bam at Thammasat Chalermprakiat Hospital on January 31, 2023, stated that he saw his commitment to fasting to bring about changes in the justice system, but was concerned that both of them would be fatally affected, so he asked the couple to take a step back and ask for time to work on the solution, while insisting that they would try to find a viable solution. On the issue of the welfare of The Sun and Bam. The conclusion of the preliminary discussions was on four issues: 1.The Ministry of Justice is ready to consider implementing reforms on the issue of temporary release so that the current practice is in line with the principles of Section 1.1. 29 2.The Ministry of Justice is ready to review the current applicable procedures regarding the treatment of inmates in cases of differences of thought or opinion, 3.The Ministry of Justice is ready to provide collateral support for the temporary release of accused or defendants in criminal cases, and 4. The MPC will support the preparation of recommendations for amending the law to comply with human rights principles. It was on February 1st. During the meeting of the House of Commons. Opposition party MPs, too, made a verbal urgent mover, asking the council to consider ways and measures to address the oversupply of law enforcement processes and the rule of law against political dissidents. Last February 5th Mr. Krishnan Nutajras Lawyers for the Lawyers Center for Human Rights posted a Facebook post stating, "Urgent! Dr. Thammasat Hospital called Tawan-Bam's parents and said their symptoms had deteriorated distressingly. Ask your parents and lawyers to visit tomorrow morning."
"Om Skawjai" opened up to the candidate of S.S. Saphan Sung Prawet, the Party for Thailand.|"Om Skawjai" opened up, entered for Thailand, came to win, did not come to lose, and volunteered to represent the people of the High Bridge District. Prawet Today (Feb. 6) Ms. Skawjai Poonsawat A candidate for the House of Representatives (MP), Bangkok (Bangkok), Saphan Sung Prawet District, The Party for Thailand, said that running for the S.S.A. election was the biggest decision of his life since he had been in the entertainment industry. Over 30 years Because the brothers and sisters of the people gave their reputation, they can't be, oh, so they can't be bothered today. If they do not receive the support of the people, they want to give back to their brothers and sisters who love and endeavour. Because politics is about everyone from waking up to falling asleep. Whether or not the tax has been wasted in a cost-effective manner has always been used to talk about (call out) the problems of the city through social media channels, including Instagram and Facebook. A sustainable solution must be solved at the root cause by bringing good policies into the Democratic Assembly so that the country can move forward for the reasons that choose the Party for Thailand, since they have historically chosen to be on the democratic side first. If you are going to choose to go into politics with any party, it must be the party that approaches the problem and has to associate its representatives with the people, which the Party for Thailand is clear about, so it gives peace of mind. The Party for Thailand is also a political organization that reaches out to the people, from the Thai Rak Thai Party to the Arrival of Thailand, which they have always seen work in. The Party for Thailand can meet the policy needs that it campaigns for every time, it is the only party that thinks policy and can actually do it, so it is confident that the party for Thailand and also General Bhumibol will be elected. Vivati Singh, mp for Thailand, who is a close friend and has worked spatially together, and respected adults like Mr. Vijaya Minchainan and Mrs. Phuangpechorn Chun-suk and many others in the party who have attended the talks. Consultation on stomach problems. The economy and the quality of life of the people, the fact that they are famous, are over 40 years old, come from the people, and henceforth will come to give back to the brothers and sisters of the people. To solve structural problems, solve policies in the big picture, and solve sustainable problems in the candidates of the Saphan Sung Prawet District Council because they have lived a family life in this area since they were children, have been in the athletes' village for many years. What we see today should be developed to be more prosperous, Ms. Skawjai said. In other words, in past elections, There's a strange thing that the Party for Thailand has. The Congress ranked first, but did not form a government. If the government were the party for Thailand, the country would have gone further, so I would like to ask the people if we are waking up to the last eight years, has changed? Only some projects move forward as economic conditions deteriorate, wages are the same. student Students can't see the future. Adults don't listen to children, believe that as long as there's a tank coming out like this. There is no way thailand can break free from developing countries." Om is not coming to lose, om comes to win, the country has to move forward, om has confidence in itself, confidence in the team and confidence in the party for Thailand," Ms. Skawjai said, while Mr. Unity Hongsakul, who wishes to run for the Sai Mai District MP elections, said. The Party for Thailand said it believed that the Silk Road brothers still loved the Party for Thailand and loved Mrs. Paweena Hongsakul. The Silk Road district is the area where they grew up. I've always worked in politics, met people, and sisters. From now on, I want to continue the party's work and my sister's work with the Ms. Kamolpat Pungbangkradee Those who wish to be elected to the Mp for Bang Khun Thian District The Party for Thailand said that despite rivals from other parties occupying bangkhuntien district, it is confident that with the party's policies for Thailand, it will help to win the election.
The prime minister asked for "Tawan-Bam" to be safe, reiterating that everyone is under the same law.|The Prime Minister urged "Tawan-Bam" to be safe as Thais together, reiterating that everyone is subject to the same laws. Don't be fooled by the perverted group, creating conflict in society, Mr. Anusha. Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office. It was revealed that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Expressing concern in the case of Miss Sunflower Tulanon (Tawan) Ms. Arawan Phupong (Bam) 2. Youth activists Notice of fasting and water, urging the court to approve the bail of the accused/defendant. While fighting the case under the judicial process, the body was affected, Anusha said, adding that the Prime Minister wished the two men safety as Thais together. He urged the medical team to keep symptoms closely safe and expressed concern over the youth movement. Instruct the authorities to act with caution. Leave it to parents to help monitor their children's behavior and create the right understanding. Don't be fooled and fall into political instruments. The Prime Minister reiterated that everyone is subject to the same law, what moves will be made, asking to take into account the law, respect the law as well: "The Prime Minister asks for the cooperation of the people as Thai people, to help preserve the national institutions, religion and the monarchy, not to believe in groups that pervert, create hatred until conflicts, unrest arises in society, ask everyone to love and unite together to develop the country forward." 
"Secretary, S.T." Ordered 5 provinces to rezone the electoral districts. The number of people does not meet the criteria.|Secretary Kot reveals order Bangkok-Chonburi-Chiang Mai-Pattani-Sumatraprakarn Re-election The number of people does not meet the criteria. Yan did not affect the opening period of the hearing - KGT elected Mr. Pilgrim Boonmi, secretary-general of the Electoral Commission (KGT). He said the office had considered the zoning scheme for each province that had been closed and published on the office's website. The provincial government found that the electoral districts of Chonburi, Chiang Mai, Pattani, Samut Prakan and Bangkok provinces were divided. As a result, the difference in the number of electoral districts does not meet the criteria set forth in order for the zoning of the electoral districts to be completed. Accordingly, the Office has sent notice to the Director of Elections for the five provinces to proceed with the preparation of additional zoning schemes, provided that the difference in the number of electoral districts shall be in accordance with the rules and that the difference in the number of electoral districts should not exceed 10 percent, and then the announcement of the new zoning scheme shall be closed between February 7-16 to allow political parties and the people of the province to express their opinions. At the expiration of the period, the opinions and suggestions of the people of the borough shall be taken into consideration and the results of all appropriate sequencing considerations are closed. The reasons, including the pros and cons of the scheme, will be reported to the SEC at the latest by February 20. The 5th provincial zoning scheme has been implemented, but it's not wrong. Because the province is divided into districts and communities, there is no division or dissection of districts, but the SEC considers that the difference in the number of electoral districts should be taken into account. It should not exceed 10 percent of the average number per S.S.1. The five provinces are required to update the zoning scheme and publish it for a specified period of time without affecting the 10-day time frame required by law requiring political parties and citizens to express their opinions. Meanwhile, Offering a story The KGT is considering which format to use, which is still in the time frame planned by the office, namely, by February 20-28 for the five provinces in which the office has ordered the rezoning of the electoral districts, totaling 66 electoral districts, divided into 33 electoral districts, 11 chiang mai, 11 electoral districts, 10 Chonburi boroughs, Samut Prakan 8 electoral districts and Pattani 4 electoral districts.
The Prime Minister expressed his condolences, ordered the Turkey-Syria earthquake to coordinate assistance.|The prime minister expressed his condolences for the Turkey-Syria earthquake, discussed ways to provide assistance, before directing the Foreign Ministry to coordinate gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister and Minister of Defence expressed their condolences for the devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Turkey-Syria. Many people were injured and killed on behalf of the Thai government. Thai people would like to express our deepest condolences and be ready to provide humanitarian assistance by having the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinate and ask about the need. To send an officer to assist. The Prime Minister said that most of the causes were affected by building collapses in more than 10 provinces, which is regrettable, and it is fortunate that Thailand did not have such a landslide. This is our Golden Cape land, which was examined this morning. Tens of thousands more were killed and injured. It's unknown how many people trapped inside the collapsed building are inside, and it's currently pretty cold. That makes it difficult for each other to help. At the same time, ways to provide assistance were discussed. To the cabinet meeting, it was already done. 
"Tawan-Bam," the lawyer said. Yan continued to fast after the court's temporary release.|The Criminal Court granted "Sunflower" bail for a period of 1 month after the Director of Thammasat Hospital applied for temporary release. Insist on fasting today (7 Feb 2023) The Director of Thammasat Chalermprakiat Hospital filed a petition with the Criminal Court. Request for temporary release in black case number A.1237/2565 filed by the prosecutor. Miss Tantawan is the defendant by the director of Thammasat Chalermprakiat Hospital, citing her status as a government official in a surrendered medical facility. The detainees are supervised and assigned by the Department of Corrections. Request for temporary release of defendant, who has reported on the health of the defendant, who has been fasting rice and water for the claim, as of the evening of Jan. 18, 2023. Stating on the morning of Feb. 6, 2023, that the overall condition of the detainee was more high in blood ketone, and that the performance of kidney waste filtering was significantly reduced, that the hospital deemed the defendant in an unfit condition for detention during trial, and that the physical health was in extremely critical condition, asking the court to consider revoking the warrant and granting temporary release during the trial without conditions in accordance with the rules set forth in the constitutionality of the presumption of the defendant being innocent until a verdict, and the principle of controlling the accused or the defendant to do so sparingly to prevent the escape, which would make the defendant's treatment and rehabilitation easier and reduce the conditions that could be endangered by the criminal court. When the petitioner, who is a medical officer, reports that the defendant is in critical condition, he may die. In addition, visits to the defendant from close persons in the event that the defendant remains in the custody of a correctional officer must be in accordance with the regulations. This may be a problem in healing the defendant's mind while in crisis. If there are reasonable grounds for issuing a temporary release warrant for the defendant. A period of 1 month is prescribed in accordance with The Code of Criminal Procedure, Section 71, paragraph three. Upon the expiration of the temporary release time, the defendant shall report to the court, issue a warrant for the release of the defendant today, and inform the petitioner. Mr. Krishnan Nutajras Lawyers for the Center for Lawyers for Human Rights said they had recently heard from the media today that the director of Thammasat Chalermprakiat Hospital had filed a petition with the court asking for bail, sunflower and bam. Both men did not apply for bail because the demand was to be released. Other inmates in political rallies After the court grants a temporary release order, a release warrant will be issued to the hospital, which sunflowers and bam. Also insist on fasting. However, we must first ask for details of the court's order.
The council repeatedly failed, the quorum was incomplete. Congress passed a law governing the USSR.|Parliament crashed again, the quorum was incomplete. After voting on the draft, the Media Ethics Promotion Act was specially convened by Parliament. To consider the Bill to promote ethics and professional standards in the press, proposed by the Cabinet. After it's open to members for a fair discussion. Mr. Thanakorn Wangbunkong won. The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office clarified and concluded that he would like to thank all members for their comments and suggestions on issues that are helpful. What everyone is concerned about and is the main issue: the government is going to direct or interfere with the media. Let's insist, it never interferes with the media, and these things certainly won't happen because they've been in the press in the past. Therefore, there will be no interference in media governance as everyone understands, but it will promote ethics and the mechanisms for the work of the press that present information to the brothers and sisters of the people. The press under this Bill must be a channel for presenting news to the public. It's not about comments such as those made on facebook twitter pages, which the Prime Minister is aware of because it has been brought into cabinet hearings four times and whether it will be the discretion of the members to accept the principles. The government has done its best, and if the meeting adopts principles, it can resolve issues that members are concerned about. Clarifying the legal issues that members also have a misunderstanding of the content of the law, members understand that in Section 35, why only the first paragraph is cited. The bill's demands convey the reasons for the legislation in Section 35 stating that a person who practices the press shall have the freedom to offer information or express their opinions in accordance with the ethics of the profession in which it is constituted. Discussing the scope and meaning of the word "ethics" as to where it is measured or what it looks at, it's one reason to draft this law and name it The Law promoting ethics and professional standards in the press. Because it wants to explain to what extent the media ethics written in Section 35 are, it is required to have an organization in which the State is not involved in becoming a constituent of the Commission.
A BANGKOK spokesman informed the "Chatchachart" job queue to be done in London, after "Sri Suwan" complained.|A BANGKOK spokesman informed the "Chatchachart" job queue to be done in London after "Sri Suwan" complained that the governor had not left. Ordered before leaving the case, Mr. Chhattisgarh Singh. The governor, via his Facebook page, revealed that he is now in London, England, preparing to hold a meeting with the people of the London Municipal Authority. Study climate change and in the afternoon to see how to prevent and manage flooding in order to improve the city.  Mr. Srisuwan Charnaya, secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Defenders, posted: Mr. Chhattisgarh "The dust problem is still overflowing the city, but chuchchat is leaving to live in London, so there's little time to work, work, work, and 1.38 million people." Mr. Ekvarannu Amrapal Bangkok spokesperson It was revealed that Mr. Chuchchart's trip to London, United Kingdom (UK), between 6 – 8 February 2023, was at the invitation of the British Embassy in Thailand. Under the open procurement cooperation and disclosure of bangkok's high potential. To exchange visions and discuss future cooperation, as well as exchange experiences with experts from various agencies, which are in line with the governor's policy guidelines, and benefit from the use of information to solve problems, improve and enhance the lives of bangkok brothers and sisters. The cost of this visit to London. "The governor's visit to London was not a throwback or a departure for bangkok brothers and sisters to face the alleged toxic dust crisis, because before the trip the governor ordered a systematic solution and coordinated cooperation with the authorities. The issue has already been resolved to help the people," the spokesperson reiterated February 6, February 667, February 668.
U.N. representatives are concerned about the right to rally Thai youth! Amnesty reveals children have been bullied by the state.|Glemont Wool, Special Reporter for the United Nations (UN) On the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and gathering, he said on Wednesday (Feb. 8) that the right to assembly for Thai youth, especially among Thai youth, was at a level of concern. "It's been a long time coming," said Wool, the U.N. special reporter. Speaking at the talks at a global human rights organization. Amnesty International held that in the past, particularly during youth gatherings in 2020-2022, the Thai government has adopted a number of regulations and laws against youth protesters. These regulations and laws impede the expression of opinion and the right to peaceful assembly."I have been in contact with the government to express great concern over measures that have caused children or caused protesters, civil society, and civil society to protest. Human rights defenders It can't talk about governments and institutions, and it also calls for social rights in general, such as COVID-19. And violence against protesters is used when children and students gather. We have seen arrests of protesters and use of weapons against protesters," Wole commented, adding that peaceful youth gatherings are a priority of the United Nations because they see these youth as an important component of society but are a group that does not have the right to vote, so peaceful protest is the way this group chooses to give voice to society and get involved in politics. This is an opportunity for children to stand up for their own rights, adults' rights, and society's. Therefore, children's right to attend peaceful gatherings and organize peaceful gatherings should be protected." Mr. Wool said Mr. Chanathip Ttiyagarunwong. Researchers from Amnesty International Southeast Asia and the Pacific According to one of Amnesty's reports, which looked at the government's pressure or bullying against youth who participated in political rallies directly and indirectly, the researchers said the report was based on conversations with 30 youth who attended the rally, which were gender diverse, domiciled and ethnic, from government agencies and from lawyers. Information from civil society organizations and media coverage of one of the shocking stories that has been acknowledged and identified in this report is that in addition to the state violence or abuse against this group of youth, the government has been subjected to violence or abuse. It also found that there was indirect pressure on institutions or groups of people close to this group of youth, families and schools, which found that a school took the youth's personal information to inform government agencies." Indirect pressure has been applied through some teachers, through some parents, to prevent children from attending gatherings. We've found that in many cases teachers in schools are not. Use intimidating methods of intimidating students, such as threatening to deduct points. Threatening to expel them or even use violence to punish students. He said that if they attended the rally, they would be punished in the future, or that they would cooperate with the government in disclosing personal information or that they would threaten to prosecute children." Referring to one case as a 17-year-old youth, Mr Chanathip said: "You were harassed throughout being an activist when you were a high school student and then in '63, the police even sent a video clip of the speech to your mother, causing a lot of pressure on the family, and then finally you were abused by your parents, confiscated candy, confiscated your phone, and had to leave the house." Kumpraphan, president of the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights Foundation, said Thailand is a country that is a signatory to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and in fact the 2017 Constitution provides for public participation in many cases. There's no emphasis here. That makes a lot of claims. I'm giving you an example. Students also have to question the discipline of education whether it's actually for the benefit of the child. Is it that you mess with the wearables here, does it make the child better educated, or is it the needs of the adults involved?" "But at the moment, I feel the government is not taking these issues into account. It does not take into account the right of children to be developed, but rather treats children like ordinary citizens," said Petch-Thanakorn Bhiraban, a human rights activist. The 20-year-old said he was the one charged by the government in a serious case. During the rally, a large number of youths participated," said a judge or psychologist who would have to be involved or involved in a diamond case. He sees what diamonds do, it's freedom, it's what they can do. It's a disagreement, it's a waste of time for young people to come to court. To be honest, juvenile cases come to court more often than adults who are hit, and then there's a lot of pressure on parents sometimes when parents have disagreements." "Or in some cases, they may have been harassed at home, which they have personally encountered, the police have knocked on the door," said another youth who was prosecuted by the state and also attended the talks, saying that the starting point was to call on schools and government officials to apologize for harassing the participants of the human rights camps they and their friends organized. Once we were aware of the problem here, our friends had a problem where the authorities arrived at the house themselves, and then we were under pressure from the parents, and then we had to come to know that the school had our personal information. Take our information and disseminate it to government officials without our consent." The youth said: "Just going to demand accountability and then being prosecuted for the first time,""after that, there were 11 more cases," the panelist said, adding, "Yes." It goes on to say that being prosecuted doesn't give him any lessons because what he did was not wrong. Prosecution is not something they want to achieve and is seen as futile, it strongly confirms the failure of the government and the justice system, and the fact that such youth are being bullied reinforces the need for justice reform, said Ms Thitirat Thipsamritkul, chairwoman of the Amnesty International Committee. Thailand says the past Amnesty Thailand is already discussing and pushing issues about the right to peaceful assembly of citizens and youth to political parties and government agencies, such as hosting a debacle for Bangkok's governorship candidate in 2022, and is expected to use a similar format to debacle ahead of the 2023 national elections. Director of Amnesty International He added that in 2023, there will be a lot of activity in this area. Amnesty will invite representatives of political parties or candidacies for prime ministers and candidates. Ms Piyanuch went on to say that it is also working with first-time voters and young voters to see what proposals they have, with Amnesty working as an intermediary to bring these proposals to the political sector and push them to reality. Director of Amnesty International In the past, talks with government agencies responsible for the care of youth or civil liberties have been limited, such as several Amnesty talks that found that representatives of these government agencies rarely listened to the messages of civil society and other groups. But representatives of the embassies who responded regularly, Ms Piyanuch said, what the state did was both ignore the forums and move forward with prosecuting the youth. It shows how local executives and authorities view youth. He wants to call for an end to all prosecutions against the youth." It asked for the abolition of all criminal prosecutions against child protesters and an end to all forms of intimidation and spying. It's unacceptable that the school took a child's personal information to the police, and that's important. repeal or amend laws that explicitly oppress and regulate the right to protest of children and then the performance of children, in accordance with international human rights laws and measures." Ms Piyanuch said: "I congratulate the Thai government for wanting to normalize this and make us look past it, but I also condone the government for not allowing this extradition or action against children."
Lightning "Inspector Shua" left the civil service first. "Shuwit" continued nonstop.|"Inspector Sue" to leave the government service first, Jen knot "Chuwit" unfolds online gambling sites and abandons official duties from the issue that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit has unfolded about the online gambling site Macau 888 before allegations against the police that "Inspector Sue" was involved in online gambling and abandoned that official duties on February 9, 2023 at the National Police Headquarters (SQ). Lt. Gen. Thongchai Seriwattana The Commander of the Public Works Division signed Public Works Division Order No. 5/2023 on the removal of police officers from the civil service. The position of Inspector of Public Works 2, Public Works Division, Under the Division of Public Works, Office of Transmission, Maintenance, Salary (Level) S.3, Step 14, 32,450 Baht, there are cases of alleged serious disciplinary violations that have been set up by the Investigation Committee under Public Works Division Order No. 4/2013 dated February 9, 2023 in regard to abandonment or abandonment of official duties without reasonable cause. Cause serious damage to the government service or abandon the official duties at once for more than fifteen days without reasonable cause or with circumstances indicating intentional non-compliance with government regulations and cause to suspend the government service according to the rules. Section 3(1) is that a person who has been charged with an investigation or is accused of committing a criminal offence or has been indicted in connection with malpractice of official duties or in relation to untrustworthy conduct or circumstances, and the person who is indicted by the prosecutor is not entitled to be a defence lawyer and the authority considers that if the person remains in the official duties, it may be damaged to the public service and it has been determined that the investigation which causes the suspension of the public service will not be completed promptly, relying on the powers conferred under Sections 92, 105, 131 and 179 of the Act. The National Police 2022 rules. SEC on suspension of government service and orders to leave the civil service prior to 2004 Article 8 Therefore, the Inspector General of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Office of Transmission of Maintenance, shall leave the government service to await the outcome of the disciplinary investigation. Have the right to appeal to the SEC accordingly. National Police Act 2022 Section 141 within 30 days from the date of receipt of the order and if one wishes to sue against this order or decision of appeal, the indictment shall be filed in writing with the Administrative Court or submitted by way of Registered mail to the Administrative Court within 90 days from the date of notification or acknowledgement of the decision of appeal, or within 90 days from the date of the 90-day lapse from the date on which the complainant has written the request for the outcome. The appeal was later ordered to be dismissed. Mr. Chuvit Kamalvisit posted a message saying, "Open pup, pop out. Inspector Xu, just dismissive, didn't have to investigate, where did you get the money from? How? to have 10 companies. Hit the snake, don't hit it with your back, you have to hit it to death. This work comes across. The Chief Of Police commanded Big Echo to manage Shua, he was a police officer and also a boon, how could the police organization keep it going?"
Bangkok reveals 8 electoral district formats, S.S. ready to open for comment, agree or not.|Electoral Commission Bangkok Unveiled the format of the upcoming House of Representatives electoral districts. Three more were added on Thursday (Feb. 9), for a total of eight, up from the five introduced last Friday (Feb. 3), and the three zoning schemes came after the Central District council determined that the first five zoning schemes in Bangkok did not meet population criteria. However, in the next congressional election, Bangkok will have 33 electoral districts, up from the previous 30 electoral districts, which are different from the previous 30 electoral districts, how are these eight divisions different, let's take a look at the form 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • Comment form. It is also open to the public to comment on the 33 electoral districts, all eight of which can be downloaded here. Click and send it to email bangkok@ect.go.th by 12 p.m. on Feb. 19.
Pravit Dharmadhanas oversees the Northern Campaign, but does not know whether to win the area.|Gen. Pravit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharath Power Party said on Friday (Feb 10) that he had assigned Mr. Dhamnas Brahmacharya. Members of the House of Representatives (MP) Phayao oversees the election campaign in the northern region, the move comes after Mr. Thamnas and a number of Thai Economic Party MPs. Moved back to affiliation with the People's Democratic Party. On Friday (Feb. 9), the head of the Pracharath Power Party, who also served as deputy prime minister, made the comments after being asked by reporters to assess whether the Pracharath Power Party would win. The MP reached 20 seats, replying, "If the media knows, they will have to wait for the assessment to be made," the reporter asked, adding that the return of Mr. Thamnas and the Thai Economic Party to the Pracharath Power Party would result in a large number of seats in the North. Pravit replied that he didn't know either.
The government insists on salary increases Not about campaigning, hoping local workers developed.|According to the complaint, not up 10 years, filed since 62 years, 66 covid-19 has subsided, so it is approved, hopes for local workers to develop, not related to the political campaign, Ms. Tipanan Sirisena won. Deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the criticism of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha was "very serious". The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence in the case of salary increases to the executives of the Parish Administrative Organization (NCPO) said it was a matter of step-by-step process by the Association. The TAT of Thailand has made a proposal. The Ministry of Home Affairs has been working on the compensation for more than 10 years and has been monitoring progress in the case of the Association of Thailand. In 2019, Gen. Anuphong Jinda. The Minister of Home Affairs agreed in principle, both to alleviate the suffering and the rising cost of living, and had previously raised the salaries of Kamnan and chieftains before 2019. Therefore, good governance has agreed to raise salaries to resolve such matters as quickly as possible. Therefore, it must be delayed before mr. Piraphan Saliratvipak is brought into the process of solving the problem, it is in accordance with the normal corrective procedure. It has no political implications or deals with the election campaign, which is to be put forward to attack each other. The administration of "Gen. Prayut" reflects that the emphasis is placed on local development in all departments, improving the quality of life of the people, which will also increase the morale of the working people and reduce inequality. 
