title|content
"Maj. Gen. Wirachai Mercy" shaved his head and measured pho. There is no set date for wear and tear.|Enter the parachute "Maj. Gen. Wirachai Songmetta", a former deputy. The retired priest, who replaced his parents, was nicknamed "Mercy Thero", meaning benevolent, revealing that the ordination was not scheduled at 1:00 p.m. on October 2, 2022. Former Deputy The Chief Of Staff, after 2 days of service, was simply inducted at the Temple of the Holy Sepulchre, or Wat Pho Tha Tien, nicknamed "Metta Thero" (The Benevolent One). Abbot of Wat Phra Chetuphon Wimon Mangkalaram THE DIRECTOR OF THE MAHATHIR ASSOCIATION IS THE VICEROY, AND THE ATMOSPHERE AT THE EVENT WAS ATTENDED BY FRIENDS AND CLOSE PEOPLE, AND MANY FAMILY MEMBERS CAME TO ATTEND THE CEREMONY. Luang Pi Wirachai said that this ordination is intended and intends to be ordained as a substitute for the merits of fathers, mothers, teachers, and all patrons of me. With acrobatics, vagrancy, and conscience, I have been negligent in any of you. In any case, please forgive me, and may all of you join me in paying tribute to my ordination."
Rescuers find important evidence, axe-knife of the middle. A brutal young man is used to kill and shred the corpse of a young saleswoman.|The rescuer found the axe-knife of the middle. A brutal young man uses to shred the corpse of a young salesman. The latter threw away some bottles of canals. It took 6 hours for Mr. Chanwit or Don Wongsakhak, 35 years old, to use a knife, axe and saw. Killing of Ms. Arnan or Harp Narathorn The 30-year-old separated 7 parts inside a daily rental room in Soi Sukhumvit 115, Samrong Nuea Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province and buried under the Chalong Rush Expressway. Along Prasert Manukit Road, Lat Phrao district, the deceased's weapons and belongings were thrown into the canal. The incident occurred on (Oct. 1). At 3:30 p.m. on October 2, 2022, the Police Investigation Department, Samrong Nuea Police Department, coordinated the rescue of The Patek Tueng Foundation's diving suit. The Great Central Weapon Mr. Chanwit (the perpetrator) claimed to have thrown the deceased's Macbook and mobile phone into the canal. In Lat Phrao, 100 metres from the flea market, yesterday (Oct. 1), volunteers from the water operations team were able to find the deceased's Macbook and mobile phone. The water operatives were able to find axes and knives. Mr. Chanwit (the perpetrator) used to kill and shred the body of the deceased using more than 6 hours of searching. THIS IS AN IMPORTANT PIECE OF EVIDENCE. Investigating Officer, Samrong Nuea Police Department The said items shall be used to gather evidence for further support in this case.
To issue the "Police Sword Ching Thong", ordered the bouncing director of the Erawan Police Department not to take care of his subordinates.|Chief Of Staff Sign the order for the "Police Sword". Group Director P. P. Erawan retired from government service. After carrying a gun, he won 55 baht of gold. Deputy Superintendent P., Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, a total of 4 officers were bounced out of the hotel. The knot does not screw up, monitors subordinates. Ready to set On October 2, 2022, a Rayan reporter reported that a gangster used a gun to raid a gold shop in Bangkok's Yaowarat mall. Na'an District Muang Loei district received 9 pieces of gold weighing 3 baht, 6 pieces of gold weighing 2 baht, 2 pieces of gold weighing 5 baht and 12 pieces of 50 satang gold, including 55 baht of gold. On September 30, the attacker was aged between 40 and 50 wearing a black T-shirt with white stripes, black tracksuit pants, sneakers, a black hat and a black shoulder bag. The attacker, carrying an unknown firearm, then fired 1 shot into the ground, the bullet ricocheted and injured 2 female store employees. Without a license plate, I fled to the city. Lt. Col. Thanadol Najaidee, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Loei City Police have summoned a store employee who was involved in the incident for questioning. Meanwhile, Reporters were informed that from yesterday until this morning. The police investigating the Loei Police Department followed up until they found a suspect named "Somphop Police Sword" as a group director. Therefore, he was detained from the morning in Erawan until 13.00 and was later interrogated in a safe house in Muang Loei. Maj. Gen. Surachai Sangkhapat Loei Provincial Police Commander Knowing that the offender was a police officer, he issued Loei Provincial Police Order No. 317/2565 for police sword Somphop Leelaphanthisit to leave the service, as well as Loei Provincial Police Order No. 315/2565 for police officers to perform their duties at Loei Provincial Police Operation Center and Loei Provincial Police Order No. 316/2565 to appoint a committee to investigate SPONSORED Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachai. It stated that from such an incident, it was the case of the police commissioner who committed the crime. Not to behave in accordance with the principles that police officers must behave appropriately in their duties as law enforcement officers. Discipline must be maintained in accordance with police regulations. An important principle for the police profession and the close superiors of police officers must be to tighten, supervise, and monitor the conduct and behavior of police officers under their command. To comply with the law. Rules, regulations, orders, and customs of the government regularly. Close contact with police department order No. 1212/2537 dated October 1, 1994. Measures to control and strengthen the conduct and discipline of police officers and commands of supervisors. That has already been done for the police officers under the Erawan Police Station. There are 4 officers consisting of 1. Police Colonel Nattaya Thongchan, superintendent; Erawan Police Station 2. Deputy Superintendent of Police, Erawan Police Station, Loei Province 3. Police Lieutenant Jirasak Sittisarn, Deputy Inspector Of Investigation, Erawan Police Station, Loei Province 4. Lieutenant Colonel Prayoon Jong-acid Deputy Inspector Of Investigation, Erawan Police Station, Loei Province To perform duties at the Provincial Police Operations Center without leaving the same position and affiliation. To perform the duties assigned by the Director of the Loei Provincial Police Operations Center from October 2, 2022 onwards until the order to change the Thairath Online news team. Inquire to Maj. Gen. Surachai Sangkhapat The Police Chief informed that the reason why 4 police officers were ordered to perform their duties at S.P.C. Chua Loei was because they did not take care of their subordinates. The time of the incident is during official hours. Must be attended.
Police sword Ching Thong confessed to the stress of flooding debt. Having an affair with a wife I want the irony of life.|"Big Joke" Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, announced the arrest of "Somphop Police Sword". Erawan police officer robbed gold shop, confessed to having debt problems, and had an affair with his wife, wanting to recoup his life from the case on September 30. The attacker used a 9mm Sig Sauer P320 firearm to hijack a Bangkok Yaowarat gold shop inside Tesco Lotus Loei. The property consisted of 2 gold necklaces weighing 5 baht, 6 gold necklaces weighing 2 baht, 9 gold bracelets weighing 3 baht, 6 gold bracelets weighing 2 baht, totaling 52 baht of gold, with a damage value of more than 1.5 million baht. Before driving a black MG car, he fled. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, has ordered Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, to direct the area to expedite the investigation and arrest the perpetrators. Gangsters commit outrageous acts using firearms in crowded places during the day. TO REDUCE THE FEAR OF THE INCIDENT, SPONSORED ON OCTOBER 2, 2022, GEN. SURACHET ORDERED. Maj. Gen. Yanyong Vejosoth P.O.C.4, Maj. Gen. Natthanon, 4th Army Chief of Staff, and Maj. Gen. Surachai Sangkhapat The Police Chief of Loei hastened the investigation and arrested the culprit who committed the crime. From the collection of evidence together with CCTV footage. Chasing the escape route of the villain until he realized that the perpetrator was Police Sword Somphop Leelapantisit, 39 years old, affiliated with Erawan Police Station, Loei Province. The police officers then filed a petition with the Loei Provincial Court for an arrest warrant and were able to arrest the perpetrator with 23 gold items and 7 gold hooks (total weight about 52 baht). Sig Sauer P 320 9 mm firearm (CAT registration 61446662 1 gun with 1 ammunition holster and 15 rounds of ammunition, 1 black MG ZS personal car, 1 black long-sleeved shirt, 1 navy trousers, 1 pair of black sneakers, 1 black hat, 1 black shoulder bag and 1 mobile phone. It didn't take long for the police to investigate and arrest the perpetrator of the robbery. It has instructed all areas to take measures to prevent such outrage, including having superiors closely monitor subordinates. Provide advice in case of work or personal problems in order to have good morale in the performance of duties and to effectively maintain peace for the people.
Drunkenness Stepson extinguished from mother-in-law quarrel|Dragging his neck to the smoke, a drunken young man slumps into a horrible stepdaughter. From myself sitting, drinking at home, getting drunk, fussing loudly late at night, not afraid of others. The mother-in-law continued until there was a quarrel. Instead, the stepson became a party, having an argument, a fight, a fight, a fight. The stepfather couldn't fight, grabbed the knife in the room and stabbed him. The deceased ran away from the house, did not survive, was repeatedly chased to the death, where the drunken in-laws quarreled with their mother-in-law. The stepson came in. The barrage was stabbed. Revealed at 1.30 a.m. on Oct. 2, Lt. Col. Watt Yupipat S.W. (investigation) Bangkaeo Police Station Bangplee District, Samut Prakan Province, received a report of a person being stabbed to death on the sidewalk. End Soi Kingkaew 10 Moo 2 T.Rachadeva Bangplee with Lt. Col. Phitsanu Khamnu S.W.P. Police officers, paramedics from Bangplee Hospital and Ruam Grateful Foundation Rescue Team went to investigate the scene of the accident, which was a cement path by the canal, and found the body of Mr. Nithipat Sonsin, 16, at house number 45, near the accident site, lying on his back covered in blood, wearing sweatpants in navy blue. No shirt. There were four stab wounds to the forehead, neck, front and back of the left side of the frame, and the deceased's house was about 100 metres away. The knifeman who committed the crime was Mr. Surapong Yokprasaprat, 41, a resident of Phang Nga province, the stepfather of the deceased. After the attacker walked away, he was arrested by the police at the end of the alley with a 23 cm long pointed knife. DETAINED FOR INTERROGATION AT BANGKAEW POLICE STATIONSPONSORED TO INVESTIGATE MR. SURAPONG, THE PERPETRATOR IS STILL IN A DRUNKEN STATE, SPEAKS A LITTLE BIT, CONFESSES TO THE CRIME, USED A KNIFE TO STAB HIS STEPSON, CLAIMED THAT IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE. He couldn't fight back and went to his bedroom and grabbed a sharp knife and stabbed his stepson and ran to his death outside the house. I don't think my stepson will die. The 61-year-old grandmother of the deceased and the mother-in-law of the attacker said that Mr. Surapong, the son-in-law, was the new husband of his daughter. He said admonishingly, to lower his voice a little because it was already very late. The son-in-law was upset and there was an argument, and even the nephew, hearing a loud argument, walked downstairs to stop him. It turned out to be a fight with Mr. Surapong, which was so violent that he even punched each other. Mr. Surapong did not walk in and grabbed a knife in the room and stabbed the deceased until he had to run outside the house, but his son-in-law still ran and stabbed him repeatedly until he died on the sidewalk about 100 meters away from the house. Bangkaeo Police Station Owner of the case After investigating the crime scene. The body was sent for autopsy at Ramajakharin Hospital, Bangplee. The charges against Surapong for intentionally killing others, carrying knife weapons in towns, villages or public places without reasonable cause. Bring the prosecution forward.
Police wading through the checkpoints Phai Bueng Flea Market No one was found selling marijuana to students.|Police Officers The police are working with administrative and public health officials in Phrae Bueng District. Check out the flea market. He searched for a marijuana shop for students to surround the smoke-fighting pumong but couldn't find it, so he advised the shop to "start smoking" in a school in the area. A.Phai bueng The society has been widely criticized. In particular, the liberal marijuana policy has made it difficult for children. Do the nation's youth have easier access to drugs? By the way. Lt. Col. Jaturon Wongpan, Director of The Pribueng Police Department It insists that marijuana dealers to these children will be prosecuted. According to the press release, on October 2, 2022, the reporter reported that on September 30, 2022, Lt. Col. Jaturon Wongpan, director of the Pribueng Police Department, has instructed Lt. Col. Charnthong Kuikaew. Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Nattarat Kreethathorn Deputy Chief of Staff, Senator and Lt. Col. Suthat Param, S.W.P. Lead the police force. The police are working together with the ruling party. District Health Officer, Phai Bueng Inspect shops selling marijuana to students who smoke it, according to the news. IT APPEARS THAT THERE WAS NO SHOP THAT SOLD MARIJUANA TO THE CHILD. Deputy Chief of Staff Police said they were working with several parties involved to find a store that sells marijuana to students, according to the news release. But today, the shop did not come to open a shop, which should be swayed, so I did not come to sell things, but found that there was a cottage tree shop that came to open for sale. The officer then went in and gave advice. It is prohibited to sell to people under 18 years of age, while marijuana plants or leaves cannot be sold to people under 20 years of age. Organize the sale of cottage plants and cannabis correctly. So that such events will not happen to the youth of the nation in the future. Lt. Col. Jaturon Wongpan, Director of The Pribueng Police Department "Even today, we can't arrest a store that sells marijuana to students. However, the police will not give up their efforts and will continue to investigate until they find the person who sold marijuana to the student to punish them.
Police raided a pub without a license. 19 children found|"Police officers." Wade caught the entertainment venue "Melody", releasing 19 children to enter the service. No license The store manager was prosecuted at 02.00 on October 2, 2022. Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Marut Kanjanakhanthakul Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. Manoon Kaewkam, 3rd Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Chetsupakorn Piriyapongpan 3rd Army Corps of Engineers Bring forces to inspect the entertainment venue "Melody". Located in Tha Khon Yang District AFTER RECEIVING COMPLAINTS THAT LOUD MUSIC WAS PLAYING, CAUSING ANNOYANCE TO PEOPLE LIVING NEARBY, AND NEGLECTING TO ALLOW YOUTHS TO GATHER TOGETHER AND ILLEGALLY SET UP A SERVICE FACILITY WITHOUT A SPONSORED LICENSE, THE INVESTIGATION REVEALED THAT THERE WERE MORE THAN 200 PEOPLE INSIDE THE STORE, WITH A BAND PLAYING. Intoxicated travelers danced wildly, so they ordered the lights to be turned on and stopped. Upon investigation, 19 children under the age of 20 were arrested, one of whom was 15 years old. Mr. Wisit Na Nong Kham, 30 years old, store manager The charges include "setting up a service facility without a license, selling alcohol over time, selling alcoholic beverages by means or in a discounted manner for promotional purposes, selling alcoholic beverages to persons under twenty years of age, and inducing, encouraging or allowing children to behave inappropriately before being sent to the investigation officer, Kantaravichai Police Station, Mahasarakham Province, for further prosecution.
The goat in the case ran around a diamond ring of 15.8 million, pleading guilty to the charges. Some flagpoles do jail time for free.|A chicken vendor in Nakhon Phanom, a former accused, ran around a diamond ring of 15.8 million. The Police Commissioner has accused some of the police of the flagpole. After being jailed for 7 months and 10 days for not committing an offence at 9.30 a.m. on Oct. 3, 2022, at the Central Bureau of Investigation Police Call Center. Phaholyothin Road, Bangkok Mr. Pisit Suwanpim A 54-year-old som tum grilled chicken merchant went in and submitted a request for justice to Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej. The Director general of the MINISTRY is the recipient. The case was filed by the police. Bang Sao Thong police charged him with robbery and was sentenced to 7 months and 10 days in jail for not committing the crime before the Court of First Instance and Appeal dismissed the case. The prosecutor and co-plaintiff did not convict Mr. Pisit that on December 28, 2016, daytime, at house no. 6661-62, Nisachon Village, Soi 6, Khlong Khwang Subdistrict. There were 3 diamond rings and 1 17.34 carat fancy diamond with a total value of 15.8 million baht. On the day of the incident, Ms. Boonyarat, a diamond seller, was contacted to buy diamonds from customers. When all the rings and diamonds were opened, the customer grabbed the diamond ring tray and ran away from the house and locked the door. Detain the informant inside until he has to climb the fence to report the case. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Bang Sao Thong Police Station, with Lt. Col. Thitiwut Rongkaew Senator (Head of The Series), Lieutenant Colonel Nipon Paoking, Deputy Senator, Dr. Pornthep Kanarak District Director and District Attorney Anurag Pengpan Investigators arrived to investigate the scene. IT TAKES ABOUT 1 HOUR SPONSORED AFTER WHICH THE POLICE. Bang Sao Thong Police Station Investigators arrested and gathered evidence. Request for court approval to issue an arrest warrant for the named accused. Mr. Pisit Suwanpim Nickname Red Later In February 2017, police arrested him at a rented house in Nakhon Phanom province. While selling grilled chicken with som tam, using an old arrest warrant. Sung Noen police officer charged with fraud, which he did not know he had a warrant for, before being detained for running around the property, according to the arrest warrant of the Thonburi Criminal Court. The prosecutor filed a lawsuit in the Thonburi Criminal Court with Galaxy Diamond Co., Ltd., co-plaintiff No. 1 and Ms. Boonyarat as co-plaintiff No. 2, being held at Thonburi Special Prison. During the trial for 7 months and 10 days until the Thonburi Criminal Court dismissed the case. On September 26, 2017, he was released to freedom, and the plaintiff filed an appeal on February 14, 2018, and the Court of Appeal upheld the lower court's decision. On August 14, 2018, the plaintiff and co-plaintiff did not apply for the suit. Miss BUNNARAT RADHASUKHANON Defendant No. 1, Galaxy Diamond Co., Ltd., Defendant No. 2, Mr. Dewang Kumar Chiwantilal Sangavi. Defendant No. 3, Mrs. Prayom Tansathaporn The 4th defendant was charged with the offence of bringing false statements against others and perjury in the trial before the Court under Sections 175, 177 of the Criminal Code before the Thonburi Criminal Court in case of Black Number. A.1150/2562 Until 20 January 2022, the Thonburi Criminal Court convicted Ms. Boonyarat, the 1st defendant, guilty according to Section 177, paragraph 2, provides for imprisonment for 3 years and the case shall be dismissed. Mrs. Prayom, the 4th defendant, dismissed the case against the 2nd defendant and the 3rd defendant in the trial despite receiving 200,000 baht in compensation from the Ministry of Justice. It was not possible to mitigate the damage to both his own reputation and his family's reputation, so today he came to demand justice. The police commissioner investigated the crime. Bang Sao Thong Police Station in the 2016 diamond ring robbery case that was homophobic to be punished under Section 157 of the Criminal Code, consisting of: Lt. Col. Thitiwut Rongkaew, Lt. Col. Sangad Lepol, Lt. Col. Niphon Phaeo king, Deputy Senator, Dr. Pornthep Kanarak The Group Director and The Associated Press and The Associated Press are the principals. Initially, the investigating officer received the matter and proposed it to the supervisor for further action.
No charges have been filed against the 15-year-old BMX driver. The family claimed to have taken the exam.|Police have not charged a 15-year-old boy with driving a BMW through a red light and crashing into an engineering graduate. The latter coordinated with the family, but claimed that he was still on the exam. The police are preparing to coordinate with multidisciplinary officers to interrogate and report three charges this week in connection with the accident on the night of September 30, 2022, at approximately 10:00 p.m. Pho Klang Police Station, Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, received a report of an accident at the intersection of Red Light, University of Technology Road, Gate 1, just before the entrance to the university. Suranari Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District, at the scene of the accident, found a white BMW sedan. The condition of the car is broken. About 30 meters away, a red Yamaha Filano motorcycle was found. The car was similarly demolished and the body of the deceased was found to be a male. His name is Thanapol Kaewmool or Te, 24, a resident of Tha Tako district, Nakhon Sawan province, lying in a heap of blood, several broken bones in his body. The driver of the sedan was a 15-year-old teenage boy who was driving with three teenage friends. The young man was shocked and stood by to show himself to the police at the scene, initially after checking cctv cameras at the intersection of the crime scene, it was found that the BMW sedan was driving through a red light at speed before hitting Mr. Thanapol's motorcycle, causing his death. On October 3, 2022, Lt. Col. Paisan Pannap Inspector (investigation) Pho Klang Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Investigators investigated the case. Revealing the progress of the case, investigators today coordinated with the family of the 15-year-old to arrange for an interrogation and report the allegations, but the family informed them that the driver was still being examined. However, within this week, investigators will appoint the driver and a multidisciplinary officer for questioning before filing three preliminary charges, including reckless driving causing the death of another person. Driving at a red light and not having a driver's license, including parents for negligence or negligence. However, the police will also be fair to both sides, while news reports say that after the incident, investigators took the 15-year-old boy to the hospital for an alcohol test.
Police arrest sales girls for selling packages to Thip hotel rooms, victims of millions of damages|Police arrested a 39-year-old former saleswoman for selling packages at Thip Hotel in Pattaya. There are a lot of believers. Millions worth of damage He also denied it on October 3, 2022. Chief Of Staff, Lt. Col. Tharakorn Lertporncharoen, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Chetpan Kiticharoensak, 1st Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Kittipas Kongsungnen, S.W.Kg.1 Police arrested Miss TIPAWAN DIRECTKIT Age 39 years according to the arrest warrant of the South Bangkok District Court No. 163/2565 dated May 9, 2022 for fraud and fraud or by deceiving into the computer system with false information with the possibility of damage to others or the public and the arrest warrant of Phra Khanong Criminal Court No. 521/2565 dated September 30, 2022 for similar charges. Caught inside Soi Charansanitwong 84, Bang Ao Subdistrict, Bang Phlat District  Lt. Col. Chetthapan He said he had been coordinated by the Metropolitan Police and had received news from Thairath TV that several victims had filed a complaint against Ms. Tippawan, a former hotel salesman. After pretending to sell packages of Central Hotel and Grand Centre Point Space Pattaya at a low price because they are employees. Once the payment was made, they were unable to stay and could not contact the accused. There are many scammers. Orders range from thousands to hundreds of thousands. Total damage in millions of baht They gathered to report the crime scene until the court issued a warrant for their arrest. 1.The POLICE has investigated until the arrest can be made. Take it to Yannawa Police Station for further processing.
Deputy Spokesperson He thanked the protesters for not breaking the law.|Deputy Spokesperson Police said they targeted mass talks in front of Government House every day. Request for the return of the area To reduce the suffering of the people who use the route. As for the various rallies, Yan B.C. is prepared to respond - thanks to the protesters. After Oct. 1, there were no violent incidents, according to the regulations at 12:00 p.m. on October 3, 2022. The Deputy Chief Of Police, as deputy spokesperson, revealed that in the case of maintaining order in the assembly, Maj. Gen. Rungroj Tagorepunyasiri, deputy chief of staff in charge of security affairs, visited the area to oversee the protests in peace. On Oct. 2, at the Victory Monument, a flash mob was completed at the Scala Cinema. According to the investigation, there was no violence and no offences were committed this morning. A network of protesters from the 4-sector slum network gathered in Bangkok's civic plaza with permission to assemble and marched to the Ministry of Transport and to the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security. At around 12.00 pm, they gathered at Makhwanrangsan junction and handed over the letter through government representatives at gate 5 of Government House. There are now about 1,000 people in the area, and security arrangements are being made and facilitated on the routes where the masses are marching. People are asked to avoid the route in the area and if the government house crowds are asked to return the area. Pol. Maj. Gen. Nitithorn said the area had traffic impacts. The NCPO has ordered daily negotiations on whether to return the area. Discussions have already been held on the concerns of the people who use phitsanulok road. The NCPO has facilitated the area and given way. Mrs. Leung Raum police station with central traffic THE SPONSORED EVENT ON OCTOBER 6 WILL BE HELD AT THAMMASAT UNIVERSITY, THAPRACHAN. Permission to assemble must be requested, and there must be no illegal activity. However, as for the protests on the following day, the NCPO is preparing Pol. Maj. Gen. Roongroj to organize a crowd control battalion. At any point, there will be a division of forces to take care of the area. Currently, the number of illegal acts after Oct. 1 has not been found guilty under the Assembly Act, and in areas with violence problems, the police will take care of public order at all points. In order to prevent some violence at some point during the press conference, Pol. Maj. Gen. Nithithorn said, "Thank you to the protesters, there have been no violent incidents in the past, and now the number of criminal offenses or the Assembly Act after October 1 until now October 3, there is no matter of violating the Assembly Act.
Sad parents The corpse of the victim, killed, shredded, and the last call heard the sound of running.|Parents of "Harp" revealed that they were happy for their child's birthday, but they did not answer the chat - they did not know that the child had been killed. "You shouldn't give the killer a chance," a close friend said. The back of the harp disappeared. "They haven't been in contact for a long time—there's nothing to help." Prepare to bring the body to the domicile charity, Roi Et province. Mr. Chanwit or Don Wongsakhak, 35, used an axe and a saw to kill the corpse. Miss Arnan or Harp Narathorn 30-year-old girlfriend separated into 7 parts in a daily rental room Samrong Nua Then buried the ground under the Chalong Rush Expressway. Along Prasert Manukit Road, Lat Phrao District, Bangkok, the weapons used to kill the corpses and belongings of the deceased were thrown out of the canal. Nuanchan was arrested by authorities on Oct. 1, according to the latest news release. At 12:00 p.m. on October 3, 2022, at the Institute of Forensic Medicine. Police General Hospital Mr. Aram Narathorn 59 years old, Ms. Ratchanee Phukongnam, 57 years old, parents Ms. Aranan or Harp, deceased, along with relatives and friends. Come and submit the documents for the funeral. Before taking the body to a religious charity at Wat Burapha Phiram. IN THE MIDST OF THE MOURNING ATMOSPHERE, SPONSORED MISS RATCHANEE, THE DECEASED MOTHER. "When I talk to my kids, I'm not going to talk to them Mom will say that if things don't go right, don't date. Thai people, if it is not right, do not associate. He's in a teenage society, and his face is pretty cute. He wasn't talking about this person, he was a harp, he was quite closed, rarely revealing much personal matters. He's grown up, let him make his own decisions. Mom talked to Harp last time a long time ago. I usually talk on Facebook, it's very weird, my baby's birthday is September 27, I don't read, I don't answer. I didn't read it that day, I usually wished my child to read it, but I didn't read it. Do you think he's okay? My mother thought that when the rain was over, she would come to Bangkok because she lived in a different province. If the rain stops, mom will come down. My mother heard the news from watching TV, and someone told me. I don't know because no one sent the news and his father didn't know either. But that day he could not do the karma, fainted in the monk's room, however, in the morning, went to contact samrong nuea police station to file a lawsuit because the mother thought that he had the intention to kill. I wanted to ask him one word: I asked him why. Our child just graduated. Bangkok University also asked to receive the maximum punishment in one place because it is a threat to society. What he did, it was jetta. He was unconscious. Don't give it a chance." Ms. Rajnee said. Ms. Harp's father revealed that he never said he knew Mr. Don, the perpetrator. Your child's personal affairs do not interfere. Because I have never done anything wrong, the case cannot be accepted because it is more than we can accept. I noticed on my birthday that I wished my child well, and I didn't answer, and I tried to follow up as far as I could check. I heard the news again when the police called to say that he had died. So we knew more details about what it was like, but we couldn't make up our minds. Ms. Pin also revealed that we are in constant contact with our children, we don't see anything. Most of them are seen hanging out with female friends. He has not spoken to the accused and does not believe it was a murder, believes that he intended to kill, and the case is left in accordance with the legal process. Let's take the maximum punishment that thai law has, because it exceeds human beings, not human beings. I'm a parent, I've raised my children, I love them. Our children have always had good pictures. Never do anything damaging. I was a cheerful person, never telling uncomfortable things, but when I got this news, I was devastated, the reporter reported. One of them was crying all the time and was not ready to give an interview about what happened because it was sudden and could not accept the incident, but informed that on the day of the incident, he received a call from Ms. Harp's supervisor informing him that Harp was missing. I don't come to work and I can't contact you. The head of the harp said that one of the customers called to ask about the work with the harp, and suddenly heard the harp shouting. "Hey, what?" before a voice ran and the phone was cut off. THE CUSTOMER SAW THE BAD POSTURE, SO HE CONTACTED THE HEAD OF THE HARP, HE TRIED TO CONTACT SOMEONE CLOSE TO THE HARP, BUT NO ONE KNEW. Another close friend of the harp is in Nakhon Ratchasima. Get in touch Mr. Don, the accused, asked if he was with the harp, but the accused said, "I have not been in contact with the harp for a long time. If there is anything to tell me," Harp's best friend revealed that he did not contact Mr. Don from the first day because in October 2021, Harp had said that he would distance himself from this man, and 3 months ago he met Harp and did not mention Mr. Don. After receiving the body, the family will take the body for a religious ceremony to their hometown at Wat Burapha Phiram. The funeral will be held the next day as family and friends want the harp to be out of trouble and comfortable as soon as possible.
Shout out to the media, sergeant, steel thief, sell antique shop The police are coordinating the affiliation.|The director of the community radio station sings the media. The accused was arrested for burglary. Steel rod transmission towers for sale antique shop Recently, the agency has been retiring. Post-absence He was arrested on October 3, 2022. 48 years old and director of community radio station in Hat Yai Songkhla province has brought a report to take offense to Sgt. Niphon Kerdsuk under the maintenance battalion. Department of Support The 15th Infantry Division and the arrest warrant of songkhla provincial court dated September 15, 2022, as well as the complaint document on the behavior of military officers of the 4th Front Division, signed by Lt. Gen. Thira Daeva, Deputy Director of the 4th Region Police Department, came to complain to reporters to expedite the arrest of the officers. Niphon Bornsuk, who is the accused in the burglary case according to the arrest warrant of the 42nd Military District Court, came to prosecute the case because since the court issued the arrest warrant, but the police have not made an arrest, claiming that the accused was in the barracks. Ms. Kasima said she had been working on the construction of Alif Redido community radio station in Moo 4, Saba Island. Thepha, Songkhla province, for a while, later found that the steel pillar 6 items of transmission towers and other equipment were stolen, so they went to report to Lt. Col. Jirasak Chantaweerat. Investigators at Thepha Police Station in Songkhla province since the beginning of the month. Last September, the officers followed up and checked the antique shop. The name of rangsit antique shop In front of Thepha School and found 3 pieces of his steel in the said shop, and when the officers checked the CCTV cameras, they found that the leader for sale was Niphon Bornsuk. The evidence was subsequently gathered for the court's approval to issue an arrest warrant. Ms. Kasima also complained to the Security Directorate Region 4 Front at Yarang District, Pattani Province, to learn about Niphon's behavior by Lt. Gen. Thira Daeva. The Deputy Director of Regional Security in the 4th Front has sent a letter to the commander of the 15th Infantry Division, which is affiliated with The Niphon, to consider further action. The 15th Infantry Division has ordered the removal of Niphon Kerdsuk from the military after more than 15 days of absence and is expected to remain or hide in Thepha or nearby districts.
Deputy Spokesperson Deputy Senator Don Mueang drove fortuner over people. No exceptions.|Deputy Spokesperson The Deputy Traffic Inspector confirmed the prosecution. Don Mueang Police Department driving Fortuner over people, new traffic laws, heavy penalties, the same standards as the people There was no exemption at 11.30 a.m. on October 3, 2022, at the B.C.N. Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon. Deputy Spokesperson, Metropolitan Police Command Disclosure of the case of Lt. Col. Charan Nakprasitsak, Deputy Traffic Inspector Don Mueang Police Department driving a Toyota Fortuner Crashed into a motorcycle and crushed a person at Sirisuk intersection. Air Mechanic Road Cut Off Pracha Uthit Road As a result, Mr. Noppadol Ruangrun, 40, a motorcyclist with registration number 6 กผ 6312, Bangkok, was injured and the car was crushed under the toyota. The incident occurred on September 30, 2022, at approximately 11:00 p.m., that SPONSORED the case, although the accused was a police officer, but when he left normal work, he was a citizen driving normally. When a collision causes damage to others and injures others, it will be prosecuted under the New Traffic Act, which has a heavy penalty rate. If found to be driving while intoxicated, there is a penalty under Section 43 of the Traffic Act and a penalty under Section 160 bis, a fine of hundreds of thousands of baht, as well as a suspension of the driver's license. According to the investigation, it was learned that on the day of the incident, Lt. Col. Charan drove the vehicle along The Air Mechanic Uthit Road. About 50 meters before the accident, the car collided with a taxi with registration number 3475 Bangkok of Mr. Sittichet Wiwattana, 37 years old. to turn right. This caused the accused's car to overlap with Mr. Noppadol's body and the motorcycle went under the car, and the accused's car also jumped up and collided with a traffic light pole on the footpath. As a result, the injured Mr. Noppadol was taken to the hospital, and the property of the aforementioned party and the government traffic light pole were damaged. Capt. Chayasit Pama Investigators at Don Mueang Police Station inspected the scene and took the accident vehicle and the other party's car for storage and inspected the vehicle. Initially, the accused admitted that he was negligent and had already taken care to pay damages to all the victims. The above charges were filed against the accused. They will have to wait for the results of the post-mortem examination of the injured Mr. Noppadol from the doctor and wait for the results of the car inspection for further prosecution.
The Police Chief appointed "Deputy Golf" Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong as the spokesperson. New Sq.|Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, The Chief of Police, signed the appointment. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong The Deputy Chief of Staff is the "spokesperson. On October 3, 2022, reporters reported that on October 1, 2022, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police ,signed The Royal Thai Police Order No. 446/2565 on the appointment of a spokesperson for the Royal Thai Police. The overall performance of official duties of the Royal Thai Police is accurate, prompt, timely and efficient by virtue of Section 11(4) of the National Police Act B.E. 2547. Police Major General Achan Kraithong is the spokesperson for the office. The Royal Thai Police has the following powers and duties: 1. Public relations, dissemination, press releases, and clarifications Performance of official duties in the overview of the Royal Thai Police In all communication channels, especially through social media, the law must be followed. 2. Strictly related regulations and orders. Gather information News Monitor, evaluate and evaluate the performance of various units under the Royal Thai Police to prepare content and produce media, disseminate and publicize. Clarify and understand the progress of the implementation of important policies of the government and the office3. Monitor the situation Collect, monitor, evaluate, analyze, summarize news reports and national police situations, prepare daily news reports and report important or urgent news reports to the commander.SPONSORED4. Keep up to date with important news that appears in all types of media, both domestically and internationally. Division of Foreign Affairs and Public Relations Communications & Listening The Foreign Affairs Department and other related departments of the Royal Thai Police Operations Center are primarily responsible. To collect information, news, analysis, assess the situation and report to the Royal Thai Police spokesperson. To carry out news operations in accordance with their powers and duties5. Establish a framework, recommend and advise the spokespersons of all units under the Royal Thai Police for public relations. Publish, press release, and clarify understanding Performance of official duties6. Perform any other duties as assigned by the supervisor. From now on. The letter of the order states:
The police chief ordered the police to rush to help the people. Dreaded Traffic "Bangkok-Perimeter" is paralyzed.|The police chief ordered the police to rush to help the people. Traffic paralysis in Bangkok and vicinity After heavy rains. Police continued to assist the villagers at 8:30 p.m. on October 3, 2022. After the previous evening, heavy rain occurred. Flooding in Bangkok and many metropolitan areas caused traffic jams. Police have come out to facilitate traffic. Help the car breakdown, arrange a fast-moving kit with a forklift that obstructs traffic. To solve traffic problems Alleviate the suffering of the people while in the cold. The Border Patrol police were dispatched to help people who had suffered from the ongoing floods. in the area. Outside town, Muang district, Surin province The area of Ban Haad Khu Dua and Ban Tha Kok Phae. It helps to move household belongings to higher ground for safety and prevent property damage from flooding. STUDENTS ENTERING AND EXITING THE VILLAGESPONSORED TO HELP SUCH PEOPLE IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister urged the police to integrate with relevant agencies to help people during floods. The Royal Thai Police has opened a hotline to assist the public, including 191, 1599 and 1197. Highway Police No. 1193 24 hours a day.
Detention on bail Brutal murderer kills girl The mother prosecuted the case to the end.|The police detained the murderer who brutally murdered the body of a young saleswoman, detained him in Samut Prakan Provincial Court and opposed bail because it was an outrageous case. Mr. Chanwit or Don Wongsakha, 35 years old, used a knife, axe and saw. Killing and dismemberment Miss Arnan or Harp Narathorn 30-year-old girlfriend separated into 7 parts in a daily rental room Samrong Nua Then buried the ground under the Chalong Rush Expressway. Along Prasert Manukit Road, Lat Phrao District, Bangkok, the weapons used to kill the corpses and belongings of the deceased were thrown out of the canal. Nuanchan was arrested by the authorities on October 1, 2022, according to the news release, on the afternoon of October 3, 2022. Mr. Chanwit, the perpetrator of the crime, asked the Samut Prakan Provincial Court to detain him. Mr. Chanwit is deliberately killing others and hiding, destroying, moving corpses and destroying evidence. THE ACCUSED WAS NOT STRESSED AND DID NOT REQUEST ANYTHING SPECIAL. Mrs. Ratchanee Phukongnam, 57, the deceased's mother, said that today she came to Samrong Nuea Police Station to monitor the progress of the case. He insisted that he was not happy with the incident and wanted to meet the perpetrator because he wanted to inquire why he had acted with his daughter like this." That was several months ago. The daughter once vented that the perpetrator already had a family. I've flirted and followed up until I'm annoyed. He warned his daughter to distance herself. Therefore, throughout the past, the daughter was not very attached to the perpetrator," she said. The daughter has been tricked by the accused into trying to distance herself. Although he is now abusing the perpetrators, he wants to prosecute them to the end. For the corpse of Ms. Arnan or Nong Harp The family will take the body to pray for religious charity at Wat Burapha Phiram, Roi Et Province. The soul invitation ceremony will not be held today because it has not been authorized by the condo's legal entity. Pol. Col. Sun Simcharoen, director of samrong nuea police station, informed that there is nothing complicated in this case because the accused himself confessed throughout the charges, including the seized material witnesses and the surrounding witnesses. The police questioned him for refusing bail because it was an outrageous case and the public was interested.
Hot-headed pickup surrendered. The latter was not satisfied, Sia drove the right immersion car. Gunfight, Hurt 2 |A hot-headed pickup shoots the son-in-law of the Dang Chang family. After being displeased, he drove to the right and overtook him before opening the door to fire, so he fired in retaliation, dueling, 2 bullets pierced his son-in-law and wife. Recently, a hot-headed man had his father become a policeman to take him into custody. After being under heavy pressure from the case on Oct. 3, 2022, Lt. Col. Ying Natthanun Kaewchusai and Lieutenant Colonel Ekarat Chaiphon The investigating officer was informed by The Sri Phaith Radio Center that he was injured and was shot with a firearm and was admitted to Surin Hospital. 2 persons together with informing the commander and together with Lt. Col. Ittisak Intimate, Lieutenant Of Police, Anti-Suppression Investigation Department. Surin City Police went to Surin Hospital to check on them. On arrival The injured person was later identified as Mr. Khunathip. Rujangkur (driver), age 53, address 46/46 Moo 11, Salakdai Subdistrict, Mueang Surin District, Surin Province, was the son-in-law of Yonglong, who was injured by 2 bullets in the back wound, and Mrs. Saroikhai Rujangkul, 53, of 133/6 Krungsri Nai Road, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang Surin District, Surin Province, was injured by 1 bullet in the back of his right hand and pierced his right ring finger. Registration number Thana 565, Bangkok, parked at the entrance of the accident building. There were traces of shots fired on the driver's side of the door and passenger side window. 5 shots, 2 shots in front of the glass and 1 shot at the rear door from the investigation from Mr. Khunathip Rujangkur (driver), who was injured. Nabua Subdistrict, Mueang Surin District, Surin Province Mr. Khunathip Ruchangkul (the driver) drove the car with registration number Thana 565, Bangkok, towards Prasat district by driving in the far right lane. The rear of the truck, unknown registration number, drove in front of the vehicle and turned on the high beam, and then the pickup truck parked on the shoulder. Open the door from the car, the right hand holds a firearm of unknown size and type. The driver of the blue Chevrolet cab pickup truck (unknown) was about 170 centimeters tall, wearing brown shorts and no shirt. A tattoo appeared on him and he drove away on the Surin-Prasat road. Head to Prasat District, Surin Province  The reason the police initially set out was probably a motive. Police officers inspected the scene and checked cctv cameras along the route where the perpetrators fled. In order to follow the perpetrators to prosecute the law, the crime scene found that there were signs of brakes on the 100-meter road and 3 spots of 9 mm shell casings, so they asked the security guard of Surin Platoon, who entered the area in the morning, to say that the security guard who was in the area last night heard a sound similar to firecrackers about 3-4 times. So I didn't bother and didn't walk out to see it. Then the reporter went to the Sawai Police Station, Mueang District, Surin Province, met with Pol. Col. Painter Farmer, Director of Sawai, revealed that after interrogating the injured, he said that he drove out of surin irrigation to head to Prasat district by driving the car on the right. The rear of the truck, unknown registration number, drove in front of the vehicle and turned on the high beam, and then the pickup was parked on the shoulder. Open the door, right hand holding a firearm of unknown size and type. He shot into Mr. Khunathip's car before firing in retaliation and realized that he was injured, so he drove the car to Surin Hospital. The police have been informed of the perpetrator and are gathering evidence to take him into custody for prosecution on charges of attempted murder. On the night of Oct. 3, 2022, the father of the perpetrator, a police officer, was arrested. Chokna Sam Prasat District, Surin Province, contacted Surin Provincial Police Station to bring his son (the perpetrator) to surrender. Know the name, later the name. Mr. Chatchawan Likejitvet (the perpetrator), aged 26, came with his father to surrender to surin provincial investigators. The perpetrator had a tense expression on his face and admitted to being the perpetrator. The Surin Provincial Police officers then coordinated with Pol. Col. Painter Farmer, Director of The Sawai Police Department. A.Muang Sawai to proceed with the transfer. The perpetrators went to Sawai Police Station, which is the area responsible for the incident, to investigate and prosecute the case according to the law.
The cyber police handed over the case of Mushroom Thip Farm to the Sakon Nakhon prosecutor for consideration.|Police in the Case of Mushroom Thip (Total Farm) A total of 13 boxes of scams involving more than 1,900 million baht were sent to the Sakon Nakhon Prosecutor for consideration on October 3, 2022 at the Sakon Nakhon Provincial Prosecutor's Office. Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang Chief Of Staff 3 Lt. Col. Sathaporn Rodphothong, Deputy Chief of Staff 3, ready until the Led the investigation into the case of Thip Turtle Farm of Laksi Station Co., Ltd., which has deceived the public to invest in mushroom farms. 13 boxes were sent to the Provincial Prosecutor of Sakon Nakhon province for the prosecutor to order the prosecution to proceed to Pol. Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang. The 3rd Police Chief said that in accordance with the policy of the Royal Thai Police, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, Lt. Gen. Kornchai Similar, assistant And Maj. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. The Commander of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command received a report from a large number of victims to meet with investigators nationwide and filed an online report thaipoliceonline.com for the investigators to prosecute Laksi Station Limited Partnership and those who advertised turtle farm inviting them to participate in the project, with more than 2,000 complaints and damages of more than 1,970 million baht. He said that the investigating officer had received a complaint for investigation and had sought the approval of arrest warrants for 9 accused persons from the Sakon Nakhon Provincial Court, comprising 1. Ms. Thanawat Chukiatsakulkrai, 2. Ms. Ploythita Niramitboonwat, 3. Ms. Nantawadee Nantasiri. 4. Ms. Thitaree Chatchawalthanawin 5.Ms. Chandika Thongprom 6. Ms. Teshin Chanasirisakul 7. Ms. Prabhakar Sangkrit 8. Ms. Ananya Kenprakong 9. Ms. Sinsubha Nuthong and the investigation followed up and arrested 7 suspects, interrogated 7 accused persons, conducted an investigation, gathered evidence and had an opinion to indict the 9 accused by sending some of the completed investigations of 13 boxes of 119 cases to the Provincial Prosecutor of Sakon Nakhon province today. Computer of The Central From Forensic Division 3, Crime Scene Station Inspection Report of Sakon Nakhon Forensics Center, Product and Control Product Data Checking List of Sakon Nakhon Commerce, Results of Mushroom Seizure From Crime Scene of Sakon Nakhon Agricultural Research and Development Center, Quantity Measurement Report of Central Mushroom Farm Case Weights, Measures, Sakon Nakhon Province, Bank of Thailand Interest Rate Announcement and Turtle Farm Construction Permit Application Form From the collection of evidence The testimony of the accused and the above-mentioned witnesses confirming the wrongdoings of the 9 accused persons together has been persuaded through various electronic media channels by allowing people to invest in mushroom cultivation, cottage planting and other projects, which are many, by stating that the returns are higher than the declared interest rate of the Bank of Thailand. Require financial institutions to have the highest interest on loans. It is propaganda and is not intended to be carried out in any way to persuade the public. As a result, the public was convinced that the money was invested at the persuasion of the accused. The accused then took the property of the said people and believed that the actions of the 9 accused persons had committed the offence of defrauding the people. Fraudulent loans to the public Entering into the system false statements in a way that is likely to cause damage to the public is an offence under Article 343 of the Criminal Code. Sections 3, 4, 5, 12, Computer Crime Act B.E. 2560, Sections 4, 14(1) and 83 of the Criminal Code, therefore, it is appropriate to "indict" the 9 accused persons in accordance with the above-mentioned charges and laws. The investigating officer has already applied for an arrest warrant to the Sakon Nakhon Provincial Court and issued a red notice and has investigated the assets of the accused and the network by appointing a property detective to seize assets such as houses, buildings, other properties and cash amounting to 99 million baht. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION IS UNDERWAY TO PROSECUTE THE PERPETRATORS AND RETURN THE SEIZED PROPERTY TO AS MANY VICTIMS AS POSSIBLE.
15-year-old boy killed in car crash The police acknowledged 3 charges and were ready to attend the funeral.|A 15-year-old boy driving a BMW and a graduate of engineering has been charged with three counts before gathering evidence for prosecutor's consideration. Meanwhile, the family is preparing to attend the cremation of the deceased in Nakhon Sawan province on the 4th. OCT 2022 The accident occurred on the night of September 30, 2022, at approximately 10:00 p.m. Pho Klang Police Station, Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, received a report of an accident at the intersection of Red Light, University of Technology Road, Gate 1, just before the entrance to the university. At the scene, a white BMW sedan was found. The condition of the car is broken. About 30 meters away, a red Yamaha Filano motorcycle was found. The car was similarly demolished and the body of the deceased was found to be a male. His name is Thanapol Kaewmool or Te, 24 years old, a resident of Tha Tako district, Nakhon Sawan province. The driver of the sedan was a 15-year-old boy who was driving with three teenage friends, and the driver of the sedan was not injured. The young man was shocked and stood by to show up to the police at the scene. AT THE INTERSECTION WHERE THE ACCIDENT OCCURRED, IT WAS FOUND THAT A BMW SEDAN WAS DRIVING THROUGH A RED LIGHT AT SPEED BEFORE HITTING MR. THANAPOL'S MOTORCYCLE, CAUSING HIS DEATH, ACCORDING TO THE LATEST SPONSORED NEWS LATE TODAY (OCTOBER 4, 2022). The Inspector investigated. Pho Klang Police Station Nakhon Ratchasima Investigators investigated the case. Revealing the progress of the case, it was revealed that yesterday evening (October 3, 2022), the parents brought a 15-year-old boy, the driver of a BMW sedan, to meet with the investigators. Driving at a red light and without a driver's license, the young man pleaded guilty to all charges. The case is simple and does not feel overwhelming, with the police insisting on doing everything according to the evidence and providing fairness to all parties. After this, the investigating officer will gather all the evidence and submit it to the prosecutor for further consideration. Police said there was a suspicion that the young man was intoxicated while driving. After the incident, the police conducted an alcohol test and found no alcohol consumption. He insisted that the police make a straightforward case based on the evidence. Everything is verifiable. As for compensation for the family of the deceased, it is a matter for both parties to negotiate. The police wouldn't interfere here. Today (October 4, 2022), it is known that the parents will take the young driver to attend the funeral of the deceased in Nakhon Sawan province.
Father receives daughter's body, killed and shredded back to hometown, seeks justice for family |The father brought the body of his murdered daughter back to his hometown to bring religious charity to Wat Burapha Phiram. In order to demand justice for the family from the case, the police of Samrong Nuea Police Station, Samut Prakan province, received a report from the housekeeper of a condo in Soi Sukhumvit 115, Theparak Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province, to clean one of the rooms, smelling blood and water in the bathroom was left open. Initially, it was learned that on September 28, Mr. Chanwit and Ms. Aranan or Harp (Surname Reserved), aged 30, rented the room after which they gathered evidence until they were able to arrest Mr. Chanwit Wongsakhak or Don, 35 years old, for the murder. Ms. Pin, 30, buried the deceased's body under the Chalong Rush Expressway. Along Prasert Manukit Road, Lat Phrao District, Bangkok, the weapons used to carry out the funeral and belongings of the deceased were thrown into the canal. At 11.00 a.m. on October 4, 2022, the family and friends of Ms. Harp, who died. Travel to make funeral paperwork. Before taking the body to a religious charity amidst an atmosphere full of sadness, before taking the body to a religious ceremony at the hometown of Wat Burapha Phiram. The funeral will be held tomorrow (Oct. 5). He said yesterday that he and his relatives had taken his daughter's soulless body. Return to the funeral home at Wat Burapha Phiram The royal monastery, Roi Et Municipality, arrived in the middle of the night yesterday (Oct. 3) with the family intending to set up a two-day charity service. The funeral will be held on the afternoon of October 5, 2022 to send the spirit of the harp to the concession. After that, there was only a phone call asking for raw happiness because my daughter was working in Bangkok, and she planned that the rainy season would take her daughter on a trip to the North, but the daughter came quickly and left. Do it to their children in cold blood on the progress of the case. He did not have any legal knowledge, but there was a lot of evidence that his colleagues at work still had suspicions, and he asked him to inquire about the expressions from the police investigation. He believed that justice must be done in the society, the family insisted that after the funeral of the harp, he would be able to do so. He will speak with people with knowledge of the law in order to continue to demand justice for the accused to receive the maximum penalty of death. We believe that the media will help to be a voice and monitor the progress of the case to ensure justice for the family. He would be happy to have a famous lawyer to take care of the case, but he wouldn't have the money to hire a lawyer because the family wasn't wealthy.
It's actually a real policeman, he's talking with a tongue, and he has his fingers cut again (video).|It's actually a real cop. A man parks his car on the road, speaks with a tongue, is confused, is asked if you are the director, who am I, where did I come from, I don't know, what kind of person do you take? Finally, the car swerved down the side of the road and was dragged to the front of the shed. On October 4, 2022, a reporter reported that a Twitter user called Red Skull posted a clip with the message" Tongue wrapped. Drink alcohol and drive as a burden to fellow roadmates again. Come down and ask your dad who he is. I have this shirt like this, probably the police, drunk driving and harassing the villagers again, there are fingers to cut again, coordinates, the road between Don Tan district to Leung Nok Tha SPONSORED Recently, reporters have visited the area to check the route of Don Tan district. Mukdahan - Leung Nok Tha District A preliminary examination revealed that the man shown in the video was a real policeman, who was a police officer. Police Lieutenant Tri, about 50 years old, under the command of a base of operations in Don Tan district, Mukdahan province, the reporter went to inquire about the incident at Pa Rai Police Station, Mukdahan province. Only the police sedan that caused the accident, which was dragged to the front of the hotel because there was an accident, fell on the side of the road. The vehicle is thought to have been involved in an accident. After the police said The car was later inspected by the videographer. Reporters visited the area around Khok Swat, Pa Rai subdistrict, Muang district, Mukdahan province, where locals added that a sedan had been involved in an accident that had broken down the side of the road. Around 4:00 p.m. on October 3, 2022, a gray Toyota Vios sedan, the driver appeared to be drunk, and he noticed that a pickup truck was following behind. This is expected to be the pickup that appears in the clip. First, the police. Pa Rai police said no victims have been reported so far. ONLY ACCIDENTS ARE REPORTED IN THE AREA.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Police chief apologizes to the public for talking to victims Don't get caught up in it.|Lt. Gen. Nat Singhudom Chief Of Staff Apologize to the people who have suffered. In the case of Lt. Col. Makrang, the agency strictly conducts legal and disciplinary cases. Latest 23rd District Call for a report and be stationed at S.E.C.D.D.23 as it appears on social media and television media. On October 3, 2022, the clip was published. A red-shirted man looks like a drunk, driving a car staggering back and forth. It was 2.20 minutes long and read, "My tongue is wrapped, I eat alcohol and drive again, I ask my dad... On October 4, 2022, the Border Patrol Police Headquarters examined the footage and found that the man in the red shirt that appears in the clip was Police Lieutenant Trikritporn Pol Visit, commander of the 234th Border Patrol Police Platoon, Ban Huai Kok Operation Base, Don Tan District, Mukdahan Province. The commander of the 234th Border Patrol Police Battalion, the commanding officer, called Police Lieutenant Trikritporn to inquire about the incident. Don't get caught up in the crime and will bring police lieutenant Trikritporn Meet the victim to apologize for the case. Police Lieutenant Trikritporn visited the investigating officer of Pa Rai Police Station to investigate the facts and prosecute the case according to the law. Police Colonel Sippanan Sornkhunkaew The Superintendent of Border Patrol Police No. 23 has ordered Police Lieutenant Trikritporn to report to and be stationed at the Border Patrol Police Operation Center No. 23, Mueang Sakon Nakhon District, Sakon Nakhon Province. Police Department No. 1212/2537 on measures to control and strengthen the conduct and discipline of police officers in order not to be like other police officers. Police Lieutenant General Nat Singhudom The Border Patrol Police Commander apologized to the people who suffered and directed the unit under the command of Police Lieutenant Trikritporn. Strictly carry out legal and disciplinary cases as it is illegal and causes trouble and danger to the people, and all units under the company shall supervise and supervise the personnel not to commit illegal acts and behave in strict discipline.
Police Region 5 releases BMX floodwaters Midgun Police It doesn't work - it's not worth repairing|Provincial Police Region 5 clarifies the flooding of BMW police sedans Government property that is important and valuable, but because the vehicle is in an unusable condition, it must be moved. The repair cost is not worth using, and it is in the process of being sold, according to a press release. On October 4, 2022, the Provincial Police Region 5 office said it had flooded the BMW police car. The Provincial Police Region 5 would like to clarify that on the day of the incident (October 3, 2022), a large amount of water and rapid flow flooded the area of the Provincial Police Region 5 office building and the Provincial Police Region 5 Housing Building. The repair cost is not worth using and is in the process of being sold by Por.5, supported by the Royal Thai Police. In 2011, it lasted for 11 years, and at the time of moving, the water level was rising rapidly, and the car was in an immovable manner (wheel-locked). Therefore, it is not possible to move such vehicles in time. Maj. Gen. Piya Tavichai P.W.5 has instructed subordinates to consider proceeding in accordance with government regulations. Once the flood situation has resolved. P.5 will continue to make corrections in the relevant sections.Source:Page Gu knows..the world knows.
The Director general is in charge. Send "Noppasil" to investigate "Samreang-Nithithorn" to see the suppression work.|"Big Zhao" receives the flag on the podium, the director general responds to the policy of "Chief Of Police". Send police to help the flood, give "Jirasan" to sit as spokesperson "Noppasil" to supervise the investigation work "Samreang-Nithithorn". The police had to go to more areas, including setting up drunk checkpoints to reduce the problem, and randomly checked the hotel at 08.00 a.m. on October 4, 2022. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Hand over the unit flag and assign the mission. Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The director who took over the position. It started on Oct. 1 with a deputy. Director and Chief of Staff After delivering the position Pol. Maj. Gen. Thiti convened a meeting to assign the deputy chief of staff to be responsible for the work. Chief Of Staff Chief Of Staff, Ministry of Health Chief Of Staff Chief Of Staff The 88 police officers and the 88 police officers participated in the ceremony, and Lt. Gen. Thiti assigned Maj. Gen. Jirasan Kaewsaengek, deputy chief of staff (p.2). He is responsible for traffic and is the spokesperson of the Police Department, Maj. Gen. Nitinan Petchborom, Deputy Chief of Police (p.3). Responsible for police work. Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon Deputy Chief Of Staff Responsible for anti-suppression work 2 and deputy spokesperson, Maj. Gen. Somnuk Noikong, deputy chief of police (p.5). Responsible for Special Affairs 2SPONSORED, Pol. Maj. Gen. Pitak Uthaitham, Deputy Chief of Staff (p.6) Responsible for the management of 2 Maj. Gen. Chokchai Ngamwong. Deputy Chief Of Staff (p.7) Responsible for drug suppression work. Maj. Gen. Samreang Suanthong, Deputy Chief of Staff (p.8) Responsible for anti-suppression work 1, overseeing the NPA. Maj. Gen. Siam Boonsom, Deputy Chief of Staff (p.1-1) Responsible for Special Affairs 1 Maj. Gen. Rungroj Tagorepunyasiri Deputy Chief Of Staff (p.1-2) Responsible for security tasks Deputy Chief of Staff (p.1-3) Responsible for legal and litigation Maj. Gen. Noppsilp Poonsawat, Deputy Chief of Staff (p.1-4) In charge of investigation, Pol. Maj. Gen. Somboon Thienkhao, Deputy Chief of Police (p.1-5) Responsible for administrative tasks 1 by handing over the policy to all the chiefs of staff in the metropolitan area in about 2 hours by Lt. Gen. Thiti. Disclose the policy that the first part belongs to Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, stressed on Oct. 1 that he had spoken to the station chief, stressing that more police would be deployed from the deputy. The Director-General goes down to supervise the work of the public sector, including subordinates in all aspects. Investigation, Suppression Setting up drunk checkpoints to reduce the problem of what is happening. What needs to be fixed, it needs to go down and see. If there is a voice from the public that the secondary adjustment is required. The director must go down and talk to the practitioners. Adjust the work to the crime section that uses a large number of firearms. He said it was necessary to carry out the investigation because weapons were used in almost all forms of life, property, and sex, and had to be searched and arrested at the production site. Secondary random inspection section The director conducts random inspections in a circle to help loop more care for the area. IF THEY GO TO THE AREA TO GIVE POLICY, ESPECIALLY TO INVESTIGATE, WILL THE PUBLIC SECTOR BE BETTER SERVED, OR SHOULD IT BE BETTER THAN THIS? The pm said there was a discussion. Everything is subject to clear rules, what is wrong, what is right, what should be ignored, what should be ignored. As for the emphasis should be on helping with the flooding. It has ordered that a disaster plan be prepared at the first possible opportunity. Transport or patrol to help. There is a reason to go in and help immediately, all areas must go out to serve the people. What is not taken care of must be taken care of. The framework of action is quite clear, according to the procedures in accordance with the framework of the Royal Thai Police, following the procedures of the law. Is the section troubling? He sees everyone as siblings and descendants, nothing makes it uncomfortable. We have a duty to understand them more. It didn't embarrass him. IF WE FIND IT, WE TRY TO COMMUNICATE AND DISCUSS THE PROBLEM THAT CAN BE SOLVED, SO THAT THE PROBLEM DOES NOT INCREASE, DEPENDING ON THE CONTEXT IN WHICH WE LIVE TOGETHER.SPONSORED
Denies all charges against "Tiger-Kochtin and guys". DSI found the forex sharing case.|DSI examins for nearly 4 hours "Tiger-Kochtin and guys" counter page collection never intimidates victims sharing Forex-3D Ub replied about the source of income. Yan never visited or contacted "Pinky" and "Apirak" after the couple went to prison in the case of the Special Investigation Team issued summons to 6 persons involved in the Forex-3D chain-sharing case from Lot 16 (Lot DJ Man and BaiToey) to acknowledge 3 charges of conspiracy to defraud the public, conspiracy to defraud the public, and entering into a computer system with false computer information that is likely to cause damage to the public. As evidence was gathered, it was found that these six had engaged in an offence against the progress management at 10.00 a.m. on October 4 at the Informal Financial Business Litigation Division. Department of Special Investigation (DSI), 8th Floor, Government Center, Building B The road informed Wattana Road, while reporters were on standby to monitor the progress since the morning, about which of the accused had arrived. It was found that 3 persons, 1 woman and 2 men, walked directly to the DSI security officer's desk and presented a summons paper to meet the investigators. The trio then walked into the informal financial business litigation room. To await individual interrogations, sponsored for the three accused persons who came forward to acknowledge the allegations, including: Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin, Mr. Theerpasakorn or Mark Kim Wang Tako and Ms. Suthida Khunno The rest are expected to arrive today or tomorrow, according to the schedule provided by DSI. During 4-5 October, it was reported that Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin, the person had admitted to deceiving others to invest, and had previously released news that a DSI official had received money from Mr. Apirak Kotthi, a former Forex-3D executive, and believed that he would not be prosecuted. He has also threatened to play the admin page "Gather cheaters from Forex 3d". Kim Wang Tako, who had a show called "Ghost Wave" on Channel 9, was the host of The Six Sense, a ghost seeker, and a DJ at the club. The second man, wearing a grey T-shirt, eyeglasses, and a white cap, kept his eyes low and holding a yellow envelope resembling a postage envelope. The last man, wearing a light purple shirt, carrying a notebook and documents, walked straight to the DSI security officer's desk and presented the documents to the investigators to ask for a postponement. The other man waits in front of him.  Reporters tried to ask the man of the light purple shirt if he was involved in the Forex-3D sharing case. The man had a pompous attitude. He nodded softly but didn't say no. The short answer is "Please don't answer." When asked if he was a lawyer, he replied: The man replied that he was only a clerk, and after less than 3 minutes, the two men walked out of the courtroom and hurried back. The reporter followed up and asked, "Are you going to postpone the Forex case?" The man in the white shirt didn't answer, but nodded, and when asked, "Postpone the appointment of Mr. Ayuwat Chaimethanakul. Yes or no." The man wearing the white shirt did not answer or nodded. Instead, a man in a grey T-shirt turned to look at the reporter, but did not respond or verbally say no at 1:20 p.m. Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin, Mr. Theerpasakorn or Mark Kim Wang Tako and Ms. Suthida Khunno Acknowledging the allegations and testifying to DSI investigators for more than 4 hours. The trio walked out of the exam room, and Tiger-Kochtin said today that they had come to acknowledge the allegations and denied all three allegations and were preparing to bring further documents to DSI on Oct. 19. The issues to be clarified include cases where DSI issued a summons because it was found to be related to the finances. He did not respond when asked about the facebook page's claim that he had threatened the admin and would not be able to take offense. Mr. Tiger-Kochtin said he did not do it and never threatened anyone for the case of Apirak Kotthi, a former Forex-3D executive and actress Pinky-Savika Chaidet, who was jailed in that prison. Mr Tiger-Kochtin said he had not visited and had not contacted anyone. Before the three accused got off the elevator after a short interview. All have confirmed that they have denied all 3 charges filed by DSI, including conspiracy to defraud the public, conspiracy to defraud the public, and conspiracy to enter into a computer system with false computer information that is likely to cause damage to the public. The reporter further reported that after the interrogation was completed. It was found that Mr. Tiger-Kochtin did not have a restless attitude. There was no panicked glint in his eyes, and there was no anxious expression on his face, and he walked with his hands on his back, answering the reporter confidently. However, there are still two accused who will be present at the DSI between Oct. 4-5. Capt. Vishnu Chimprakul, Director, Informal Financial Business Litigation Division He said three people were initially informed of the allegations after investigating the charges and releasing them. The other 1 requested to postpone the appointment of the investigating officer. THE REMAINING TWO ARE LIKELY TO COME FORWARD TO HEAR THE CHARGES TOMORROW.
Police officer Tepa Rug hunts "Sergeant Of Steel Thief" Still invisible, leaning to find it until he finds it.|Investigators, Thepha Police Department, searching the resort, the house Houses for rent in The Beach Niphon Bornsuk The accused was arrested for burglary worth 30 thousand baht in the case of Ms. Kasima Chandrajit. 48 years old, director of community radio station, Hat Yai Songkhla province has brought documentary evidence to complain to the media in Songkhla province after Niphon Bornsuk under the maintenance battalion. Department of Support The 41-year-old 15th Infantry Division committed a burglary inside the construction site of Alif Radio. Area M.4 Saba Island Thepha district, Songkhla province, at the beginning of the month Last September and after reporting to the police. Thepha police in the burglary case and complained to the 4th District Police Department in front of Yarang District, Pattani Province, to investigate and have the agency take action on the matter, but it appears that after more than 1 month, the matter remained silent and there were still several burglaries. The damage amounted to approximately 30,000 baht until the media was called yesterday (October 3, 2022) from inquiries that the agency had already discharged this sergeant due to the absence of service for more than 15 days and had coordinated with Thepha Police Chief to follow up on the arrest for burglary offenses. Rental houses, particularly in the area of Soi Sawan Beach in the vicinity of the crime scene, where the sergeant is thought to be hiding, have not been found so far. The officers continued to monitor the body until they found him, and coordinated with the nearby investigators to help investigate if he fled the area, as well as publicize to the public or anyone who saw or had clues.
Cramps playing in 3rd grade, jumping into the canal after school, drowning in front of friends|Class boys Grades 1-3 Phetkasem District School 4 students after school come to jump in the canal to play. Back and forth, one of them had cramps disappearing before his eyes. Friends tried to find a long stick to hand to the island to pull out of the water, but couldn't save it at 7:00 p.m. on October 4, 2022. Phetkasem Police Station A schoolgirl drowned in the Rat Samakkhi Canal. After Wat Rat Bamrung High School Phetkasem 69 Road, Bang Khae Nuea Subdistrict, Bang Khae District, Bangkok, so they went to check with forensic doctors, Siriraj Hospital, and volunteers to rescue the Po Tek Tueng Foundation at the scene of the accident, a drainage canal 4 meters wide and 6 meters deep, cut through the back of the school. Officers found a male student in class. 3 students in grades 1-3, with their torsos wet, stood waiting on the banks of the river, all inquiries said. A 14-year-old friend of a 3rd grade student asked to jump from the bank into the water for the last time before returning home. All my friends tried to find a long stick to hand to Dr. Sittipat Koh to pull out of the water, but I couldn't help it. Some friends even shed tears, apologizing for not being able to help the deceased in time, and then the rescuers spent 30 minutes holding Dr. Sitthipat's body out of the water in a red shirt and black shorts.
I think spies are scared of drugs. Dragging a gun, shooting at a neighbor.|A young hallucinator sits in front of him. The house itself sees neighbors taking cows to the fields, becoming undercover agents, catching drugs, and afraid to steal the cows. The neighbors, seeing the unusual gesture, hurriedly led the cow and walked away. The police chased him until he caught up, shot with a long shotgun with a perforated body, 21 holes, and the road was covered in blood, and a good citizen helped him take him to the hospital, but he could not take his life. The gunman fled back to the house. Police cordoned off the scene for more than 3 hours and arrested him with the gun used in the attack. A urine test revealed narcotic substances that could harm the villagers, putting them at risk of being abused by drug slaves every other day. latest A drug-addicted man grabs a long shotgun and shoots his neighbor while he's pulling a cow out to feed because he's mistaken as a spy to catch the drugs. Revealed at 1:00 p.m. on Oct. 4. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Saeng Badan Police Station Mr. Sukhum or Pit Thampracha, 49 years old, living at house no. 19, Ban Khok Kwang. Moo 1, T. Mahachai, A. Somdet, Kalasin A gangster used a long shotgun to shoot Mr. Sanong Sapha, 53, a neighbor, dead on a village road while pulling cows out to feed. The incident occurred on the evening of Oct. 3 and he was interrogated after he was detained the same evening, but he could not be interrogated. Because Mr. Sukum still has hallucinations and delirium in this case due to 4.30 p.m. on Oct. 3, Lt. Col. Paiboon Phuchaisaeng. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Saeng Badan Police Station along with Lt. Col. Somjit Chalazao Viruln, Senator Sangbadan Lead forces and rescue personnel to join the rescue team. Investigators are investigating a fatal shooting on the road between Khok Kwang house. Moo 1 Exit to Phali Waterfall Mahachai is adjacent to the Phu Phan mountain range. The victim of the bullet named Mr. Sanong Sapha, 53 years old, living at the house number 14 of the said village, was shot with a shotgun into the front torso and 21 holes in the arm. While walking through house no. 19 near the crime scene, it is the house of Mr. Sukum or Pit Thampracha, 49 years old, the villain, who has just been acquitted of robbery for about 1 year. In his own house, armed with the weapons used to commit the crime, the officers set up a blockade of the house, followed by his wife and children to help persuade him, but were unsuccessful. Mr. Sukum only shouted back that the reason for the shooting was because he thought that Mr. Sanong was going to cut the rope and let his cows go, and also whistled and shouted periodically all the time. Chief Of Staff, Kalasin Province Lead the police force. Kalasin police and village leaders negotiated for more than 3 hours before arresting Mr. Sukum with the gun used to commit the crime. Initially charged with intentional killing and possession of firearms without permission, Mrs. Phadungjit Sinma, 50, the deceased's wife, said that Mr. Sanong was normally a hospitable, good-natured person who liked to help neighbors. As usual, he was returning home, but was shot to death by a drug-addicted officer who had hallucinations. He and his relatives do not ask for forgiveness and call on the police and relevant authorities to take decisive action. The maximum penalty of death is to fall to Maj. Gen. Suwan Cheownawinthawat. Chief Of Staff, Kalasin Province He said the case was not complicated by the preliminary investigation before the incident. Mr. Sukum, the villain, sitting in front of the house, hallucinating, talking, ignorant. Presumably he had taken drugs before. I saw the deceased. Leash cows to feed. Paranoid, thinking that he was a spy pulling a cow, came to investigate the drug to report to the police, and thought that he was going to cut the rope and let his own cow escape. Mr. Sanong, seeing his bad attitude, tries to lead the cow to escape. Reaching the road, Mr. Sukhum rode a motorcycle. A long shotgun followed and shot the deceased to death. A urine test revealed narcotic substances.
Aunt Mausa The reason for the grill is that society should not be insulted - listen to one side (video)|A drunk aunt storms the grill vendor's stove. Pungent claims, the parties burned peppers, burned salt. Isaan people are treated as a curse, urging society not to listen to one-sidedness. The police called the parties to acknowledge the allegations and arranged for the couple to meet in court on Oct. 6 in the case of the "Silk Road must be save#จังหวัดปทุมธานีd". "I'm just here. Don't be good with Gu," the grilled food vendor was puzzled, and the locals kicked the grill and dispersed it, prompting the police to report it#วันนี้ Lieutenant Colonel Kiatsak Mitprasart, director of the Klongluang Police Department, asked for help in investigating the facts and providing justice to the victims#ล่าสุด The investigators are preparing to call the parties to acknowledge the allegations#ขอบคุณ The director of the Khlong Luang Police Department is fast to rely on the people, the scene of the incident is a shop selling Chinese sweets in 4 regions, vegetable buffet and pork leg rice inside Soi Khlong Luang. 1 (Soi Thep Phrat) Khlong Nung District Klongluang The shop owner informed that "there has never been an affair with the perpetrator before, but the perpetrator has spoken loudly." At 21.00 a.m. on October 4, 2022, Mr. Veera Wongsaphan, 50, and Mrs. Ream Wongsaphan, 48, both parties to the incident, went to acknowledge the allegations against Lt. Col. Suchai Saengsaeng. Deputy Inspector General of Police The police officers spent about 30 minutes interrogating Mr. Veera on charges of "scaring others" and filing charges. Mrs. Ream was charged with "causing loss of property, scaring others, insulting others in the face", and the two were scheduled to go to thanyaburi court on Thursday morning, Oct. 6, to continue the legal process from the inquiry. Mrs. Ream, one of the parties, said that the date of the incident They held a feast inside the restaurant near the scene of the incident, where they ate alcohol and karaoke, which started from 6 p.m. until 8 p.m. They were not satisfied, so they walked to the shop. THE SISTER AND BROTHER WALKED AHEAD AND THEY FOLLOWED LATER," HE ADMITTED, "HE ADMITS THAT HE WAS WRONG, BUT ASKS SOCIETY NOT TO SCOLD AND LISTEN TO ONE SIDE, TO EXPLAIN WHY HE DID IT. He did it because he burned the chili, like a curse and therefore dissatisfied. The wind direction came their way. There were more than 10 people in the group, including a 3-month-old child. Many of my children were sneezing. When he got to the store, the couple said, "Are you going to burn your father?" Let's not listen to one-sided insults. He's only been here for two months and he's not friendly to anyone." Mrs. Ream. 
The body of the "police officer" was found stabbed in the swamp. Short-lived killings Wait for the results to unravel the knot.|"The body of the assistant chief was found" drowned in a village swamp 5 meters deep, the body was examined and found 3 stab wounds with a knife. Waiting for a definitive dissection before finalizing the cause of death at 8:10 p.m. on Oct. 4, 2022, the Mae Suai Rescue News Team received a report of a drowning person missing. The incident occurred in a new house. M.11 Chedi Luang, Wiang Pa Pao Therefore, the Siam Ruamjai Foundation, Mae Suai and a diving team from Sangkaew Phothiyan Rescue Team joined the search area to search the scene of the accident in the village swamp. According to the inquiry, the informant, who is the grandson of the missing person, said that he intended to sell the shellfish, but when he arrived near the swamp, he found a pair of sandals similar to Ah's. When he turned to look at the front of the village storage room, there was a T-shirt on it, but at that time he was still unsure, so he hurried back to find Ah at home but could not find him, so he thought that Ah might have fallen into the swamp. It took about 10 minutes for divers to find the missing person's body, submerged in a swamp. He was wearing no shirt and only shorts, about 5 meters away from the bank, so rescuers brought the body out of the water and handed it over to investigators. Mae Suai police and doctors at Mae Suai Hospital performed a preliminary autopsy from the examination. Two stab wounds were found in the chest area and one wound in the neck, for a total of 3 wounds. The body was sent for a thorough autopsy again at Chiang Rai Prachanukroh Hospital SPONSORED, from inquiring that the deceased was an assistant head of the house, did not have a quarrel with anyone, may have had some conversations with his wife in the past 1-2 days, and the deceased had a medical condition. Officials initially speculated that the deceased may have been stressed out about life, so he committed suicide and escaped the problem, or could have been murdered before dumping the body into the water. However, the police will have to wait for the results of the forensic autopsy to conclude the cause of death and take further legal steps.
The Police Chief ordered all units to set up centers to expedite the rescue of flood-affected personnel.|"Big Den" ordered all police units to set up the center to integrate with all sectors to expedite the rescue of people affected by the floods, as well as strictly maintain order so that criminals do not take advantage of the opportunity to aggravate the flooded victims, and opened a 24-hour hotline at 09.00 a.m. on October 5, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, ordered all police units to assist people affected by the floods. As a result, the rain continued. Flooding occurred in many areas. Gen. Damrongsak said that according to the National Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Plan B.E. 2558, sq. m. is responsible for maintaining order. As well as supporting the Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Directorate in various areas, sq.m. has measures for all units to help people affected by floods, especially areas. Tak, Uttaradit, Chiang Mai, Nan, Phrae, Sisaket, Ubon Ratchathani and Prachinburi provinces, as well as areas where water levels continue to rise closely. Personnel, equipment, vehicles (cars/ships) OTHER EQUIPMENT IS ISSUED TO HELP THE AFFECTED PEOPLE IN THE AREA URGENTLY, AND THE SUPERVISORS AT ALL LEVELS TO TAKE CARE OF THE MORALE AND HELP SUBORDINATES AFFECTED BY SUCH CASES WITH SPONSORED. It said it had intensified its duties to maintain order. Traffic facilitation Increase patrols on land and water. Put measures in place to ensure the safety of people's lives and property. In order to prevent being attacked by criminals to aggravate the victims, the company is ready to set up a propaganda. To integrate with all sectors, including volunteers in the area responsible for providing close assistance to people affected by disasters, and organizing rescue kits to help people ready to act in disaster areas immediately. The Royal Thai Police has opened a hotline to assist the public, including 191, 1599 and 1197. Highway Police No. 1193 24 hours a day.
5th Lieutenant Close job, catch 3 major drug cartels with stuff|"Big Den" flies north with "Big Bo-Big Continued". Police arrested three major drug dealers and charged them with 18 counts of possession of 2.5 million methamphetamine pills. Ice 700 kilo ready to order to expand the effect and seize the property at 09.30 a.m. on October 5, 2022 at the Provincial Police Region 5, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Police Chief. Maj. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Piya Tavichai P.O.5, Mr. Veerapan Deeon Deputy Governor of Chiang Mai Province, Col. Adul Loyfa And Mr. Danucha Chaiwong. Superintendent of Police The 5th Region Police Department has jointly announced the arrest of three major drug dealers in the northern region, seizing more than 2 million 500,000 methamphetamine pills. 700 kilograms of meth, 18 suspects, 9 central cars, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak revealed that provincial police region 5 arrested 3 major drug dealers while smuggling them into the country through the border seams. In the first case, 700 kilograms of ice pills were seized at the Mae Phrik drug checkpoint in Mae Phrik Police Station. He found 2 cars carrying fresh corn driving through suspicious conditions, so he took an X-ray and found that there was ice medicine hidden in 350 kg of corn each, including 2 cars of 700 kg. Mr. Saroj (last name reserved) and Mr. Wanchalerm (last name reserved), the driver and extended the arrest. 2 more offenders were arrested, including 4 offenders, and 2 more offenders were arrested, including 6 suspects. Nakhon Si ThammaratSPONSORED In the second case, Chai Prakan Police Station, Chiang Mai province, arrested 1.5 million methamphetamine pills. This arrest As the arresting police officers were informed by the undercover agent that there would be a group of drug smugglers entering the inner area, they set up a drug extraction point at pha hong drug checkpoint. Chai Prakan, Chiang Mai Later, on the day of the accident, a sedan drove in, so he called to stop, and found that Mr. Sathitporn (last name reserved), the driver, and Ms. Orachon (last name reserved). The police then conducted a detailed search of the vehicle and found 440,000 methamphetamine pills hidden in the car. A total of 2 persons were arrested along with 560,000 methamphetamine pills, which was a drug smuggling group (another group) to stay at the same place as Mr. Sathitporn and the first suspects arrested at phahong drug checkpoint. 3 cars, 1 motorcycle, 5 telephones, third case, 1 million methamphetamine pills arrested By Fairy Drug Checkpoint 2nd ed. Phrae province, together with the drug interception and suppression unit in the border area and entered the area in Por Por 5, who provided information that there was a target vehicle transporting methamphetamine using a paddy truck to camouflage, called to check the concealed methamphetamine with the car, and arrested 4 offenders at the checkpoint, and expanded the results to arrest 3 more offenders in Chiang Rai province, seizing 1 million methamphetamine tablets. The accused included 7 people, 2 cars, the police chief said. P.W.5, who had a flair for work, led to the arrest of the 3 drug networks, ordered them to expand their results and take measures to seize property against the perpetrators. The arrests followed Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's policy. The Prime Minister has given priority to the problem of the drug epidemic. The Royal Thai Police has adopted an urgent policy for all units to continue to drive concrete in all dimensions.
A spokesman for the court said the lawyers were fake and investigated the case and filed a criminal case against the court.|A justice spokesman said he had never met a fake lawyer before. To investigate the relevant cases, the judge in charge of the case shall exercise discretion. The court will set aside the case. Criminal and police officers and courts On Oct. 5, 2022, Mr. Soravit Limpraksi, spokesman for the Court of Justice. He said that in the case of someone impersonating a lawyer, even though they were not listed in the lawyer's register, the case was brought by the Court of Justice. He has just received a report and is still in the process of investigating how many cases there are. And then it is the discretion of the judge who is the owner of the case to take the next step. For example, if a case has already been decided for reconsideration or suspended pending a hearing, a justice spokesman said he had never been found to be a lawyer in court. However, after receiving the report of the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Court, a representative has been sent to report the case to the police in order to prosecute the criminal law. THE CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE CONTINUESSPONSORED WHEN ASKED HOW AFTER THIS THERE WILL BE PROTECTION AGAINST INVESTIGATING FAKE LAWYERS. Mr. Soravit, a spokesman for the court, said that after this, he hopes to coordinate with the Lawyers' Council so that in the future the technology will be directly connected to the Court of Justice and always receive the latest information of lawyers. This may need to be discussed further.
Prapt, a senior actor, meets DSI investigators on a subpoena in the Forex-3D case.|Prapat-Prapatpat The DSI acknowledged the allegations and denied them. On charges of money laundering in the Forex-3D sharing case. Dara P. was involved in bringing the property to the real world, expanded the results, and found a circumstance linking the case of the star acronym P. senior in the industry. It is news that DSI has seized Aston Martin luxury car assets worth 20 million baht. At a villa in Ratchaburi The 63-year-old was charged with sharing Forex-3D for money laundering offences.  After issuing the second summons, he was informed that the person would meet the investigating officer on Oct. 5 at 10 a.m. on Oct. 5, 2022. Mr. Prapat Suwanbang or Prapt, a senior actor. Meet with the Investigating Officer, Informal Financial Business Litigation Division (CCA) Department of Special Investigation (DSI) After receiving a second summons for money laundering charges in the Forex-3D sharing case, some of the actors, who were in the same group as DJ Man and Pandan, had already met with the investigators after meeting with the investigators for 2 hours. They come to do the good civic duty they deserve. After learning that the DSI had informed the accused, he acknowledged the allegations and initially denied any other details. When the truth is proved, everyone will knowSPONSORED Lt. Col. Vishnu Chimsakul, director of the Informal Financial Business Litigation Division, said that 2 days ago, DSI sent a letter inviting a total of 6 accused persons to acknowledge the allegations of false computer system with the possibility of causing damage to the public, jointly borrowing money that defrauded the public and jointly defrauded. He was invited to acknowledge the allegations of money laundering, and he came to the appointment and refused. The DSI will submit the clarification documents within 15 days and will coordinate with the P.O.C. to process the assets for the victims before further investigating whether there are any other persons who may have misappropriated the assets obtained from the wrongdoing. Mr. Suranath Nakmusik One of the six accused in Lot DJ Man and Pandan is being investigated by a special investigation officer. The Department of Special Investigation issued a summons to acknowledge 3 charges of conspiring to defraud the public, conspiring to defraud the public, and jointly entering into a computer system with false computer information that is likely to cause damage to the public. The six accused persons whom DSI issued summonses on October 4-5 have already met with the investigating officers, namely Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin, Mr. Theerpasakorn or Mark Kimwangtako, Ms. Suthida Khunno. Mr. Ayuwat Chaimethanakul and MR. Daryl Cai Yonghui contacted the investigating officer on October 12 and reported that in Lot 16, which was divided into subgroups, a summons was issued to acknowledge the charges divided into 3 subgroups: 4 people, 6 people and 6 people. DJ Man-Pattanapol Mintakin, Baitoey-Sutheewan Kunchar, Mr. Papop Golpraneet, Mrs. Promporn Golpraneet, Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin, Mr. Theerpasakorn or Mark Kim Wang Tako, Ms. Suthida Khunno, Mr. Suranath Nakmusik and the accused requested a postponement of the charges. Two of them, Mr. Ayuwat Chaimethanakul and Mr. Daryl Cai Yonghui, both of Singaporeans, requested to postpone to October 12 instead. The last six will be present to hear the allegations between Oct. 11 and 12.
Father of 15-year-old boy hits dead Apologize and admit everything wrong, social media stomp on me (video)|15-year-old father of BMW driver killed in engineering crash Admit everything wrong. I apologize on behalf of my son. Understand the hearts of families who have lost their lives. Nobody wants this to happen, social media, stomping on me, drowning in the ground. On October 5, 2022, a reporter reported on the case of a 15-year-old boy driving a BMW with three teenage friends and hitting a red light. Mr. Thanapol Kaewmool, or Nong Te, 24 years old, a resident of Tha Tako district, Nakhon Sawan province, a young engineer, until his death. On the night of September 30, 2022, the locality of Pho Klang Police Station The city of Nakhon Ratchasima Most of them sympathize with the deceased, especially the families, who have lost a pillar of their family due to having just worked. Sending money to the family of 15,000 baht a month for a short time, then turned to condemnation and dig into the family of the teenage driver of various opinions. The father of a 15-year-old boy who was driving a car that hit him has opened up about the incident after being informed that his son had hit a dead man. That night, he immediately took his son to see the investigators. The investigators made an appointment the next day. The investigating officer also told him to wait to meet the father of the deceased, who was on his way. He waited until they met, so he took his son and a friend to ask for forgiveness, and on the same day he asked about the funeral expenses. It was answered that if the funeral was held, it would cost about 180,000 but not more than 200,000 baht, so he found money to prepare it, which the investigating officer recommended to pay and record as evidence in front of the investigating officer. The body had to be brought back to its hometown of Nakhon Sawan province, so there was a delay. There is no evasion whatsoever. The family of the deceased understood the funeral day. He intends to attend the event and bring 250,000 baht to pay for the funeral at the site by driving from Buriram to Nakhon Sawan, which previously coordinated with the village where his body was located. Later, the chief came back out and concluded that he "should not go in" because the relatives of the deceased had not responded, fearing that something would happen. He apologized and offered his condolences to the victims' families. I apologize to the whole country for sometimes misunderstandings. But part of it is now my own family. Condemned by social media across the country, including his son, who is now quietly closed after this, will continue to try to coordinate the healing process. The funeral expenses will continue. Through the investigators, as for the remedy for losses, it must be admitted that the hit is not worth it. Because they can't get their lives back, but they take full responsibility, which will require the justice system to decide the case in the social world. Asked about his son's driving history, he said the car he bought himself because he had a career buying and selling it one by one. The son, who was with his grandfather in Nakhon Ratchasima province, drove away without informing his grandfather and grandmother and went to the scene.
The ceremony invited the soul of "Nong Te", a BMW victim, to go through a red light. The atmosphere is melancholy.|The family of "Nong Te", an honorary engineering graduate, was killed by a 15-year-old BMW driver at a red light. The monks have already performed a ceremony inviting souls back to their homeland. The atmosphere was filled with grief over the accident at the red light intersection. Suranaree University of Technology Road, Gate 1, 1 km before the entrance to the university, Suranaree Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District. The condition of the car is broken. About 30 meters away, a red Yamaha Filano motorcycle was found. The car was similarly demolished and the body of the deceased was found to be a male. His name is Thanapol Kaewmool or Nong Te, 24 years old, a resident of Tha Tako district, Nakhon Sawan province, lying in a pool of blood, several broken bones on his body. The driver of the BMW sedan, a 15-year-old young man, was in the car with three teenage friends. The young man who drove the car was shocked and stood by the police at the scene, where investigators filed three charges against the young man, including reckless driving causing the death of another person. Driving through a red light and not having a driver's license Today (Oct. 4, 2022) there was a funeral ceremony for the deceased in Nakhon Sawan province and ash was collected this morning (Oct. 5). On October 5, 2022, at the red light intersection, 5 parents and family members and relatives of the deceased, along with 1 monk, performed a ceremony at the lighting pole in the middle of The University of Technology Road. Request permission to bring the soul back to the homeland by spending 1 hour with the security guard of Suranaree University of Technology. Rubber cones were used to block the ceremony site, and colleagues attended the ceremony. The atmosphere has not yet loosened the grief and regret.
NSC has never lost a case of fake lawyers. The Council of Lawyers hastened to discuss with the court.|Deputy Attorney General Jang Prosecutor's spokesman has never lost a case of a fake lawyer. The claims are agreeable. Dispose of the system. The Lawyers' Council pointed out that the behavior is considered fraud and abuse of jurisdiction, preparing to consult with the court to prevent the news of arrests. Mr. Pornthep Kachenpakdi, who disguises himself as a lawyer, impersonates another lawyer to admit that he is domiciled in Kamphaeng Phet Province. Later, the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Court examined the case number. It was found that there was no such case in the directory of the court, and after checking the list of lawyers, it appeared that the accused was not found on the list of lawyers. Knowing that the accused had forged a lawyer's ticket for the purpose of prorogating the case, which caused great damage to the court, he informed the investigating officer of Kamphaeng Phet Police Station and was arrested and taken to Kamphaeng Phet Central Prison. As for being a merchant, the chicken rolls. The accused had actually sold it 2 years ago and had already stopped selling it, according to the news release. Mr. Kosolawat Intuchanyong Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office Revealing the case of a chicken trader disguised as a lawyer and that the prosecutor's victory in the embezzlement case, Mr. Thrump Charlie Chan A spokesman for the Attorney General's Office gave him an urgent investigation, which he called Mr. Thanapol Prasertdee and the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Prosecutor, who reported the facts at 12.30 p.m. that the prosecutor's office and court officials had helped to investigate the allegations. In the case of the chicken dealer, the embezzlement case reported that the prosecutor lost the case. From morning to noon, the case was not detected as a case of fraud charges, which the person in the news had asked to become a plaintiff with the prosecutor, and the case was settled, so the court disposed of the case. Therefore, the news that has occurred does not appear to confirm what the case is, it is unfounded. An investigation into the embezzlement case is ongoing. IF FOUND, IT WILL BE REPORTED TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE. Bangkhen Rd. Mr. Wichian Chudthaisong President of the Council of Lawyers Mr. Sunthornpayak, Secretary-General of the Lawyers' Council Mr. Weerasak Chotivanich The deputy spokesman of the Lawyers' Council told a press conference on the case of a "rotating chicken trader" who impersonated a lawyer in the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Court that the investigation had found that the person impersonating him was not a lawyer. Therefore, the actions of such persons are considered illegal in many chapters. The first part concerning the Council of Lawyers' Lawyers falls under Section 33, which provides that a person who is not a lawyer or has been suspended or removed from the court proceedings and filed various complaints, which under the said provisions shall be punishable under Section 82 with imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding 40,000 Baht, or both. The offence of forgery and use of forged documents under Sections 264 and 268 is punishable by imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or a fine not exceeding 60,000 baht or both. The offence under Section 269/1 is punishable by imprisonment from one year to five years and a fine of 20,000 baht to 100,000 baht, and an offence under section 269/4, which is between one year to seven years' imprisonment, imprisonment from one year to seven years, or a fine of 20,000 baht to 140,000 baht or both. Such actions will be considered a fraud offense and may result in defrauding the public because of the large number of victims. Doing so, the Council of Lawyers provides assistance, as it is a total distress. In addition, such actions are also a violation of the court's jurisdiction. By Dr. Wichian Chudthaisong The President of the Lawyers' Council has instructed the Registrar of Lawyers to act on the grievance so that the investigating officers in the area can prosecute such persons in order to be like the general public who will continue to impersonate the profession of lawyers. As for the outcome of some of the judgments, it is known that the court has already rendered judgments, some of which have reached the end, and this is the discretion of the court as to what to do next. The case is still pending. The court can revoke past proceedings because they are considered unconstitutional proceedings and will re-appoint a real lawyer. Usually, a lawyer is required to be appointed by the client and submit a request to the court along with a copy of the lawyer's profession as evidence that he is a legitimate lawyer. He also said that we were determined that the information of the Lawyers' Council and the Court of Justice must be linked. In order for the time to be reviewed, a lawyer is appointed to the case. The court can review it. This will prevent this kind of problem from occurring again. IT HAS NOT BEEN IMPLEMENTED YET, BUT IT IS AN IDEA THAT THEY WILL CONTINUE TO TALK TO THE OFFICE OF JUSTICE.
Klang Dong Police Department says don't share the news of "26 car crashes" That's not true, do the villagers stampede.|Police officer in the middle of the road accident KM 35-36 On Mittraphap Road, 26 cars collided in 2021, killing 3 people and injuring 41 after the news was shared on TikTok. The director of Klang Dong Police Station, Pak Chong district, Nakhon Ratchasima province, spoke about sharing the accident in the downhill zone. Km. 35-36: There were 26 vehicles involved in the collision, with 41 people killed, and on April 26, 2021, there were 26 vehicles involved in the collision and only 3 people were injured, with no fatalities of 41. Many people called to inquire about sharing the news of the accident and reported to their superiors according to the report that according to the video circulated on social media (TikTok) that on October 4, 2022, there was a collision of 26 cars and 41 deaths at Muaklek District. According to the investigation, 26 cars collided, with 3 minor injuries and no casualties, since April 26, 2021 at 1:40 p.m. on Mittraphap Road, downhill. Mo Klang Dong Km.36 Phayayen Subdistrict, Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province (Investigation Area, Klang Dong Police Station) (Read news, garbage truck down hill in the middle of the dong, brake non-stop, crashed in the middle of Mittraphap Road, 26 cars in a row) and then a social media user (TikTok) took it down and headlined it as a district. Muaklek The incident occurred today (October 4, 2022). Therefore, it causes misunderstanding among the public. Social media users via Klang Dong Police Department will continue to monitor this account owner (TikTok) to investigate this action. Therefore, we would like to inform the public about the sharing of various news. Don't share cases where the source is unknown. It causes confusion and panic, and is also an offence under the law.
p.1 Open Battle Ban all areas. Latest The deputy inspector went by himself and did not find it.|"Big Zhao" du banned gambling or entertainment venues from opening beyond the time in the metropolitan area Recently, "Noppsilp" went to inspect a large building in Ratchada Road after being unfolded. In conclusion, there was no illegal opening of the gambling house and no offense was found at 3.30 p.m. on October 5, 2022. Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit Pm 2 and Mr. Chatchaya Khamchan, Director of Huaykwang District, inspected the building under construction. It is located within the same fence as one of the famous entertainment venues. Ratchadapisek Road After one item stated that the place was illegally opened for gambling, the inspection revealed that it is a large building, 3 storeys high, the exterior is under construction and the interior extension on the 1st-2nd floors is under construction. THERE IS NO EQUIPMENT FOR GAMBLING, BUT THE 3RD FLOOR HAS AN EXTENSION, FINISHED DECORATION FOR CERTIFICATION, MEETING, AND PUBLICITY PHOTOGRAPHY. Pol. Maj. Gen. Noppsilp revealed that there was no illegal opening of the gambling house and no offense was found because the building is under construction and filed the form correctly with the Huai Khwang District Office. The Director-General has ordered that no gambling establishments or entertainment venues should be opened beyond the legal time limit in the metropolitan area. If found, the case will be prosecuted to the fullest extent in the case of complaints about entertainment venues opening over time. Pol. Maj. Gen. Attapol confirmed that the investigation did not find that it had been opened beyond the time. Sutthisan Police Station Regular surveillance of the Mr. Chatchaya confirmed that from the inspection, no construction offenses were found, which found another type of extension, but at this stage it can still be corrected. The district office will check again according to the next steps.
Young Dane Cook kidnapped girl, informed sq.-p.m. Leaving the woman in the middle of the forest.|A 33-year-old woman tries to take her with her, but the woman refuses because she has a husband and is forced to kidnap by the man. The woman's father immediately informed the police and revealed that the couple had been in a relationship. Soon, the young gig swayed to know the woman's father informed the police, so he hurried to flee. Leave the girl in the middle of the forest, walk through the fields, go home alone. Police rushed to find the 40-year-old, who had just been acquitted of drug charges, and approached a 33-year-old woman who already had a husband, who tried to take him with her, but the woman refused. At night, he rampaged stones at his house and had to call the police patrol to stop the incident, but fled before returning early in the morning. Using a knife weapon, he threatened to force the woman onto a motorcycle. The woman's father called the police, and the 40-year-old escaped and left the woman in the woods to walk home. Police rushed to the scene on Oct. 5, 2022. Khon Kaen City Police received a report of a young woman being kidnapped by a knife. The incident occurred in Huai San village. M.4 T.Sila Then Pol. Col. Preecha Kengsarikit, Director of Khon Kaen City Police Department, together with Deputy Director of Investigation, Khon Kaen City Police Department, investigating officers, and police officers in patrol and investigative series of Khon Kaen City Police Department joined to investigate the crime scene. At 9:15 a.m. today, Mrs. Kesara ,33, whose daughter was killed by Mr. Rampai ,40, a resident of Khon Kaen province, who was in a relationship with his daughter, used a knife to force her to get on a motorcycle and then fled to the end of the village. Khon Kaen City Police Chief Preecha Kengsarakit has ordered the police. Khon Kaen City Police and Prasarn Sub-Inspector Sila investigated and learned from the complainant that the perpetrator likely had a firearm. The police searched for the suspect's motorcycle parked at a farm hut at the end of the village, but the perpetrator and the victim were not found. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THEY WILL ESCAPE TOGETHER. It was revealed that the circumstances in which Mr. Rampai had committed the incident occurred before the incident on October 4, 2022. Mr. Rampai and Mrs. Kesara were together at the farm hut where the motorcycle was found, and the investigation revealed that the two were in a relationship, with the woman already having a husband. But the woman refused because she already had a husband. After that, Mrs. Kessara came home. Mr. Rampai was dissatisfied. Therefore, he lived during the night sneaking into the woman's house. Throwing stones at the house until people in the house had to call the police. When the patrol police went out to stop the incident. Mr. Rampai then fled. At 09.00 on October 5, 2022, Mr. Rampai drove a motorcycle to his house. Mrs. Kessara again used a knife to force Mrs. Kessara to get on a motorcycle and drive her away to the end of the village. Until about 13.00, the investigating officers went to inspect the victim's house until they found Mrs. Kesara back at the house. Mrs. Kessara said that after Mr. Rampai fled into the forest, he was arrested. When Mr. Rampai saw the police officers who were searching for him, he said: Mr. Rampai decides to run away. Mrs. Kesara in the forest Before walking through the fields back to her own house, the investigating police officer will report to the supervisor and take him to the investigating officer, Sub-Sila Police Station, to give an interrogation and to follow up with this perpetrator to continue the legal proceedings.
Break up call center gang, seize 38 Simboxes, make 600,000 fake calls a day|"Big Chick" Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. The new police chief announced the results of the search and arrest of the call center gang, seizing 38 Simboxes. Intimidate victims up to 608,000 times a day, or more than 18.2 million times a month, at 1:00 p.m. on Oct. 5, 2022, at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Police Chief 1 and AIS mobile network executives jointly announced the results of the search of GSM Gateways (SimBox), a gang call center in Muang district, Chumphon province, totaling 11 points, and arrested him. Mr. Suchinda Maichin, 30, and Ms. Vibhavani Somwong, 37, two Thai husbands and wives. There are 38 GSM Gateways (Simbox) and 19 SIM card wifi routers. Lt. Gen. Worawat said on Sept. 14. Police are investigating the use of GSM Gateways (Simbox), a tool used by call center gangs to commit crimes in Chumphon province. The police officers deployed and monitored the area in Chumphon province and found that GSM Gateways (Simbox) was being used at house no. 4/15 Moo 8. T.Taksun It is a single-storey rental room and there is a signal around the Thai house. 75/2 Moo 6, Soi Government Center 5, Railway Road Na Thung District Therefore, a search warrant was sought in the Chumphon Provincial Court at the 2 targeted housesSPONSORED. Present yourself as the tenant of the room, as well as take the officer to search the room. Meet GSM Gateways (Simbox), a SIM card-inserted phone codec. IP-PBX system, sim card wifi router The couple testified that they had rented a room to store this equipment separately in different rooms in Chumphon province, totaling 11 points, before bringing the two men to the prosecution to the investigating officer. He was charged with "possessing and using inaccurate radiocommunication equipment under the Radio Communications Act". He said that for the operation of the GSM Gateways (Simbox) machine that was seized, it was a device that the gang called center used to make phone calls over the Internet and convert the signal into a telephone signal to make fraudulent calls or intimidate the victims by illegally importing them through the male channels. The Police Technology Crime Investigation Command has seized 240 GSM Gateways (Simboxes), which can suppress more than 115 million calls per month, including more than 20 million baht worth of seized devices.
Blood test, alcohol test, 2 weeks for results, drunk driving or not.|Police officers from Pa Rai Police Station took the police station to the streets to test for alcohol and waited for the results for about 2 weeks for "drunk driving", according to news reports on social media and television. On October 3, 2022, the clip was published. A red-shirted man looks like a drunk, driving a car staggering back and forth. It was 2.20 minutes long and read, "My tongue is wrapped, I eat alcohol and drive again, I ask my dad... The border patrol police headquarters examined the video and found that the man in the red shirt that appears in the clip is Lt. Col. Kritporn Phonyai, commander of the 234th Border Patrol Police Platoon, Ban Huai Kok Operation Base, Don Tan District, Mukdahan Province, while Pol. Col. Sippanan Sornkhunkaew, superintendent of the 23rd Border Patrol Police, has ordered Lt. Col. Kritporn to report to the Border Patrol Police Operation Center No. 23, Muang District, Sakon Nakhon Province, as well as to take disciplinary action and comply with the police department order No. 1212/2537 on measures to control and strengthen the conduct and discipline of police officers. Commander, 234th Border Patrol Regiment, Commander HE IS NOT AT THE HEADQUARTERS, WHICH IS NOW ATTENDING A GOVERNMENT MEETING IN SAKON NAKHON PROVINCE. The reporter asked the police. Pa Rai Police Station, where the police officer's Toyota Vios was involved in an accident at his home. Khok Swat Pa Rai District Don Tan district, Mukdahan province, then dragged to the Pa Rai Police Station. Dontan District, Mukdahan Province, Uthai Pengtham Hospital Senator Pa Rai He revealed that he had called the owner of the car that was involved in the accident to meet with the investigators and took the owner of the car, Lt. Col. Kritporn, to take a blood sample to check the alcohol content to make sure again, which took about 2 weeks.
A.Vicha pointed out that fake lawyers corrupted the system, if they ever won, the court must revoke the trial.|Photo credit Facebook Graduate School Rangsit University Lecturer points out fake lawyers corrupt justice process must be solved quickly If it's ever said that poverty actually wins, it's considered dislike. The court must admit the delusion and revoke all proceedings! The judgment must be untainted in the case of Pornthep Kachenpakdi. Former chicken trader in Kamphaeng Phet Province He turned to deceive the villagers that he was a lawyer who accepted that he had consulted the case by opening a lawyer's office, pretending to be another lawyer who admitted that he had won the prosecutor's case on October 6, 2022. Maha Khun Dean of the Faculty of Law, Rangsit University commented that this is a fake era, that is, a fake society, a whole of behaviors, words, society being deceived by people. This time there are scammers, scammers, even in the judicial process. There are rotating chicken traders. Claiming to be a lawyer that the court proceedings of this magnitude are considered to have deteriorated to the extreme. If you let it happen again. The younger generation will see it as a hero, it can do it, it wants to do something. What is done is strange, people go to admit it. Therefore, he had to urgently amend the dean of the Faculty of Law, Rangsit University, saying that he had been in the Supreme Court. If any proceedings are found to be wrong, even from the very beginning to the High Court. Revocation order is required. All previous proceedings came. Don't think that some of them are right, some of them are wrong, some of them can't pass, for example, when they sit on the bench to consider an election case, there is an issue of whether or not to recount the ballots. All parties must have opposition or non-opposition, but the case has hundreds of people. We did not count, and there was a report of the proceedings that all the parties agreed to recount the votes. There is a mistake in the consideration, it is a wrong consideration. We must immediately cancel the revocation. The court must accept the mistakes that can be made. "The case of a rotating chicken trader is an example of if someone uses a fake license, or someone has a law degree but has not completed training in law from the Council of Lawyers, or has been a lawyer, but has been punished with a suspended license. If such a person comes to sign as a lawyer on a lawyer's note or a power of attorney, it will cause the proceedings in the prosecution, the prosecution, the trial, the examination of witnesses, the judgment, it is completely lost, so the court must cooperate with the Council of Lawyers. To check the qualifications of lawyers from the beginning, there must be coordination to know if they are real lawyers or not, it is considered to help the villagers as well. The villagers don't know about it. The courts must also uphold the rights of the people, and must cooperate with all parties, and the prosecutor must also investigate. The prosecutor's size can still be defeated. Both are fake lawyers. If it's true, degeneration is immediate." The Dean of the Faculty of Law, Rangsit University, also said that the wrongful proceedings must be revoked from the beginning. The court's decision must be unconstitutional. When you see a proceeding that you don't like, you have to like it, don't turn it into a poisonous fruit. We must not accept what we have done wrong. Don't let it spread like rust in the flesh, unknowingly destroying the iron. There have been cases in the past, even if it's just a matter of sending a plea of dislike. The Supreme Court found later it ordered that all previous hearings be revoked and then restarted.
Police warn of property theft scammers aggravating UDD during flooding Heavy penalties!|"Big Den" commands all police units nationwide. Organize rescue forces and monitor the safety of people during floods. Don't let scammers aggravate you. Robbery of property and theft of agricultural tools on October 6, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong The spokesperson said. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, has instructed all police units nationwide to conduct a full patrol to help the people and to organize surveillance teams to take care of safety during floods, as well as to take care of people's homes and property that have been left behind. Don't let anyone aggravate the people's troubles. "We would like to warn fraudsters of theft of agricultural tools and household items in the place or area of "flood" or in the place or area where there is an accident from traveling using a vehicle that the people are traveling in, or other similar disasters or relying on the opportunity of such an event, or relying on the opportunity that the public is frightened of any danger, which according to Section 335 (2) of the Criminal Code has a higher penalty rate, ordinary burglary is punishable by imprisonment from 3 years to 10 years and a fine of 60,000 baht to 200,000 baht."
Uncle Israeli cried out to Tum. The soldiers hit the back of the kitchen and threatened to kill them, and the interpreter opened fire.|A 53-year-old Israeli man complained to Tum's lawyer that he was hit in the back of the kitchen by a lieutenant soldier and attacked by a gunman, police said, adding that he had found an interpreter who tricked him into surrendering because he did not know Thai at 10:00 a.m. on Oct. 6, 2022, at the Sitrra Law Firm, Empire Sathorn Building. Israeli, 53 years old, with half-Thai-Israeli daughter Come and see Mr. Siddaramaiah for help. In the case of a soldier who was a close friend but not his wife's girlfriend of more than 20 years, he used a firearm to shoot and threatened and was tricked by his wife's friend into signing a surrender. After informing the prosecution of the parties at Sawang Dandin Police Station. The incident occurred during the month. Mr. Sithara said that Mr. Rudy has lived in Thailand for many years and has a Thai wife and 5 children, 3 males and 2 females. Around Aug. 6, Mr. Rudy opened a coffee shop in Sawang Dan Din District, Sakon Nakhon Province. While Mr. Rudy was at the coffee shop, a soldier came to like mr. Rudy's wife. When Rudy meets the soldier, he chases him back. The soldier then used a firearm to shoot at Rudy. After the incident, he went to report the case, but it appeared that he found an interpreter, who was a friend of Mr. Rudy's wife, and told the police not to take the matter because Mr. Rudy did not understand Thai. Later, the soldier came to ambush outside, and was seen by an employee in the store, so he went to tell Mr. Rudy. Such people go back because this is not your place. Before Mr. Rudy dropped him off at the car. The soldier, accompanied by 1 friend, drew a firearm, fired 4 shots to the ground and fired 5 shots at Mr. Rudy, saying that he was dead, but the bullet hit the rubber tree, leaving no one injured. After the incident, local police came down to collect evidence. MR. RUDEY THEN WENT TO REPORT THE CASE TO THE POLICE STATION. He said the soldier had known Rudy's wife for the past 3-4 years. They met when the soldiers were carrying out repairs to the entrance road in Sakon Nakhon province and often came to see Mr. Rudy's wife on a daily basis. Mr. Roodi's daughter said that today (Oct. 6), the father and himself, as the third daughter, approached the lawyer, Mr. Siddaramaiah, because he could not stand the behavior of the parties. The lieutenant colonel took over many actions on his mother's behalf, transferring money to buy things into the store, and also served as a shopkeeper during his father's absence. The family of the parties, whose wife is a teacher and children are soldiers, knows the matter, but they do not dare to interfere with this issue. After the incident, the father took the children. He moved back to Pattaya due to fears of insecurity and the idea of bringing his children back to Israel in the future. The investigating officer who receives the report may be considered an offence under Section 157 as an officer performing his duties or refraining from performing his duties unlawfully. The interpreter who caused the distress may be guilty of providing false information and will bring the victim to the police again soon.
A former drug-addicted policeman shot dead dozens of young children, teachers and villagers in Nong Bua Lamphu.|A former police officer has been charged with using a knife and gun to kill a teacher in a children's center in Uthai Sawan Police Station and driving a car, killing dozens. On Oct. 6, 2022, Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisarn Luesomboon, Deputy Chief of Police P.O.4 and spokesman for Provincial Region 4, said he had received a report from the local police that a former Police Lt. Col. Fanya had been removed from the service for using a knife and gun to kill a young child and a teacher in the Uthai Sawan Children's Center. Initially, dozens of people were killed and many injured. The villain is on the run. By 4-door pickup truck, white, registration 6กธ 6499 กทม. The local police said that since they do not know which way the culprit fled, they asked everyone to be careful and whoever found the ambulance helped them avoid the road. Now ambulances are out to pick up the injured. The culprit used a white 4-door Vigo pickup truck. There are bumps in the front, so be careful who finds them. THE CULPRITS CONTINUE TO COMMIT CRIMES ALONG THE LATEST SPONSORED ROUTE. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Rapid Flying Area in Nong Bua Lamphu province, ordered all units to speed up the hunt for the culprits.
If you have any information that you want to find, you should report it to the police.|"Rong Pin" Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon Deputy Spokesperson, N.N. Yan "P.1" Open Battle Ban all areas. If you want the police to find you, you can report the case in secret or call the Metropolitan Police Headquarters on October 6, 2022. Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon The deputy spokesman said that an inspection of an entertainment venue in Ratchada district where whistleblowers were preparing to open a gambling house was an area. Sutthisan Police Station The police chief ordered that the search did not find any gambling equipment and that the owner was known to be Chinese. Bangkok is in the process of checking whether the building is properly extended if someone informs them. The B.C.N. will go down to check immediately. If there is a gambling pool If you have any new information that you want the police to find, you can report it in secret or by calling the police. The police will go out and check on them immediately. The Director-General made it clear that there was no undertaking. Lately, I already know that I'm close to appointing a transfer. The Deputy Chief of Staff is responsible for the abyss and localities that need to scan their own area well.
The Prime Minister ordered the "Chief of Police" to fly urgently to hunt the "ex-sq." 31 dead|"Prime Minister" commands "Police Chief" Bin Express Nong Bua Lamphu to chase a former policeman who acted as a gangster who shot in a child development center in Nong Bua Lamphu province, killing 31 people, found to have been involved in drug-related behavior until he was discharged from the government service due to the shooting incident in Na Klang District Police Station, where several people, both children and adults, fled to the latest development. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Assistant To monitor the situation.  Gen. Damrongsak said he would like to extend his condolences to the families of all the victims. The order was given. Maj. Gen. Yanyong Vejosoth P.W.4 and all units rushed to chase down the villains as soon as possible.  Initially, it was learned that the culprit was Panya Khamrap (non-governmental square) who had caused firearms to shoot people and young children at the Children's Center in Na Klang District. This caused a large number of deaths. Initially, about 31 people died and many more are under treatment. The perpetrator is on the run. Initially, police officers from all sectors had already taken control of the situation and were in the process of arresting the perpetrators for legal proceedings. Nong Bua Lamphu has been arrested with methamphetamine, and Nong Bua Lamphu has been ordered to leave the government service.
More than 30 people were killed in the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu, and the attackers shot themselves and their wives and killed three others.|Nong Bua Lamphu shooting progress Panya returned to the house and shot himself dead along with his wife and 3 babies until police arrived at the house. Meanwhile, the death toll has soared to more than 30 on Oct. 6, 2022, when a mob was reported to have committed a shooting at a child development center. Uthaisawan District Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, killed both children and adults. Initially, 31 bodies were recovered, with an unknown number injured. The culprit drove a white 4-door Vigo pickup truck, registration 6กธ 6499, Bangkok, fleeing. The front bumper landmark is broken. Initially, the perpetrator was Maj. Gen. Panya Khamrap (non-governmental square), who had served at Nawang Police Station. Nong Bua Lamphu An old policeman who was fired from the service for drug offences. Then there was the incident of SPONSORED provincial police in the area and the provincial police special operations team in Nong Bua Lamphu province. It is accelerating the chase for the latest developments. Panya returned to the house and shot himself dead along with his wife and 3 babies.
Police spokesman Won stopped sharing photos and footage of the deaths of the "Nong Bua Lamphu shooting".|A police spokesman stopped sharing footage of the fatalities in a shooting at a child development centre. Initially, 32 people were killed in a shooting incident at a child development center. Several people were killed and injured, including children and adults, and fled. Police Major General Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman He said the incident was a loss that no one wanted to happen. First of all, we would like to extend our condolences to the families of all the victims, including the injured, and remind social media users to refrain from sharing images, video clips, and incidents. This type of violence often causes anger, sadness, fear and anxiety to the people in the area and the people who receive the message, but presenting or transmitting images of excessive violence is of no benefit to society as a whole. People who are stressed or have mental health problems may experience more severe symptoms. When seeing images with repeated violence. Presenting or transmitting images of injured or deceased people is also a violation of personal rights and has a significant psychological impact on the relatives and peers of those affected. The public is asked to support the work of the police. Use social media positively or support information that is useful to the work of the staff. Be vigilant about using or monitoring social media, including refraining from sharing images of people killed and injured in violent incidents, caring for and advising children and young people who have access to violent images.
Police chief regrets shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu Take control of the situation.|Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, expressed his condolences to the families of all the victims. Nong Bua Lamphu shooting The situation has been controlled from the case of a gangster who committed a shooting in a child development center. A total of 35 people were killed and several injured (as of 3:00 p.m.), the latest development on October 6, 2022. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Assistant To monitor the situation.  The police chief said first of all condolences to the families of the victims. Police officers from all sectors have taken control of the situation initially for the perpetrator, Maj. Gen. Panya Khamrap (non-governmental square), who had previously served at Nawang Police Station. Nong Bua Lamphu has been arrested with methamphetamine, and Nong Bua Lamphu has been ordered to leave the government service.
Police chief ordered Nong Bua Lamphu police to donate blood to help those injured in the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting.|Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, ordered nong bua lamphu police and neighboring provinces to donate blood to help the injured. In the wake of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting on October 6, 2022, Panya Khamrab is a former police officer. Nawang Police Station Shooting in Uthaisawan Children's Center In Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, 34 people were killed, 12 were adults. 22 children 15 people were injured and 8 were seriously injured when panya police officers shot themselves dead along with their wives and children. The police are now in control of the situation. Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital A Facebook post announcing that blood is needed urgently and that all blood types are being donated. Those who are ready can donate at the Blood Donation Room, 2nd floor, Diagnostic Building. Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, ordered Nong Bua Lamphu police and neighboring provinces to donate blood to help the injured.
"I've been addicted to drugs since high school, I've been sucking methamphetamine for a long time."|In the case of Panya Khamrap or Man, a former police officer. Nawang, who was dismissed from government service for drug offences. He was driving a white Toyota Vigo pickup truck, registration KATH 6499, Bangkok. Attacked and shot young children, teachers in the Child Development Center, Uthai Sawan Police Department, and people in Uthai Sawan subdistrict. 36 people were killed and 12 injured (latest as of 3 p.m.). Panya drove away to his residence in the area and burned his car before fatally shooting himself and his wife. Check the history of Panya Khamrab or Man.  He was born on June 4, 1988 and became a police officer on November 1, 2012. Chief Of Staff (P.) Yannawa moved to the position. Chief Of Staff (P.) Nawang Police Station On June 30, 2019, pursuant to Order P.4 No. 1338/2562 dated June 30, 2019SPONSORED
Another 36 victims were killed in the shooting, police said.|The victims of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting killed 2 more people at Nong Bua Hospital, a villager, and the police department brought the death toll to 36. After the assailants fled the house, they burned the pickup truck to the ground before shooting his wife and herself in the case of Panya Khamrap Police Station (non-governmental police station). The attackers opened fire and used knives to injure young children in the children's center. Uthai Sawan District, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, killed several people, both children and adults, and then drove a 4-door Toyota Vigo pickup truck and fled until the arresting officers arrived at the residence, found that the attacker used a firearm to shoot himself, his wife and son, killing 3 people. On October 6, 2022, it was reported that Mr. Weerachon Boonvitien, 37, a villager, and Mr. Waranchai Prapaspong, 53, an employee of Uthaisawan Police Station, were both shot in the office. The latest deaths have brought the total to 36. (Unofficial) Dr. Kritsadakorn Ruangcharoen The injured from the children's center were sent for treatment to Udon Thani Hospital. As for the remaining 5 injured, the doctor put Admit to the hospital for further treatment. Maj. Gen. Prij Sukanthasri 28th LIEUTENANT GENERAL Srisongrak Camp Visiting the injured The victims of the shooting at Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital and questioned about the incident until the Uthaisawan Police Department reported that the culprit after the incident at the Children's Center and Uthaisawan Police Station then drove the pickup truck and fled to park in front of the half-timbered one-story house and burned almost the entire car, then entered the house with a firearm and shot his wife and 3-year-old son to death on the mattress. A police chase and arrest of Nong Bua Lamphu police followed. NOW. THE POLICE HAVE BLOCKED THE CRIME SCENE AND HAVE NOT TAKEN OUT THE BODY.
Relatives of a woman stuffed with a bag as a high-profile laotian was murdered. Funeral on the Thai side|Relatives confirm the girl was murdered in a floating bag in the Mekong as Sethini, the owner of a giant contractor company in Laos, found shot in the head with 2 shots. Thai police have only the authority to perform an autopsy. There was no authority to catch the culprits on October 6, 2022. In the case of the body of a young woman who was brutally murdered, stuffed with suitcases, floated along the Mekong river until floating on a mooring raft, the peacekeeping boat unit along the Mekong river in Nakhon Phanom district, in that phanom district, Nakhon Phanom province. The police investigation team conducted a post-mortem examination. Find clues to where they came from. The incident occurred on October 28, 2022, until an investigation was conducted on the wearer's brand-name clothing. There are also relatives of the deceased who are residents of Lao PDR has contacted the police. After hearing the news from the media and confirming the identity of the missing relative around October 20, 2022. Lao PDR has found a key clue: the missing Mercedes-Benz car was abandoned. ON THE BANKS OF THE MEKONG RIVER, IN VIENTIANE METROPOLITAN AREA, SPONSORED AFTER THE POLICE. That phanom police took the body of the murdered girl for a detailed post-mortem examination at the Forensic Institute of Khon Kaen province to confirm the identity and find evidence to support the prosecution of the murder. Confirm both brand-name clothing and jewelry are lost relatives. His name is Mrs. Vipaporn (last name unknown), about 40 years old, who is the president of a well-known private company. Doing business on large-scale construction projects in Vientiane Capital Lao PDR also found information that there was one missing daughter, about 5 years old. He has a first husband, 3 children, divorced, and has a child with a new husband, the 4th person who is missing a mystery. But the Thai police It has no authority to investigate and pursue criminals for prosecution as it is an international case. Only the procedure under Thai law can be performed, namely an autopsy of the cause of death before sending the body to relatives to confirm the identity of the image and assign the Lao authorities to proceed to the side. Lt. Col. Thavil Khamket, Director, Thatpanom Police Department The investigation into the murder of a Lao woman has been revealed. Recently, after the incident, the police sent the body for autopsy at the Forensic Institute of Khon Kaen province. Sure to be a missing relative, the same person. In addition, according to the procedures of the law, DNA tests are conducted comparable to the relatives of the deceased. Send to forensic institute, Bangkok police hospital for convenience and speed. After DNA test results Confirm it out. Send the body to relatives to be taken to the charity of the director of the Police Department. He said the relatives had initially informed the police that they would request a funeral service on the Thai side. After going through the legal proceedings Recently, the body of the deceased was sent to Mukdahan Charitable Foundation Cemetery, awaiting the funeral according to tradition. The key evidence from the autopsy indicated that he was murdered before dumping his body in a bag into the mekong. THE DECEASED WAS BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN SHOT IN THE HEAD WITH TWO SHOTS, BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN SHOT BEFORE THE FRONT, AFTER THE DECEASED HAD HIS BODY STUFFED IN HIS POCKET, AND THERE WAS EVIDENCE OF A PLASTIC CUSHION TO SUPPORT HIS HEAD BEFORE THE SHOOTING, CAUSING A BULLET TO THE SIDE OF THE HEAD. There is no in-depth investigation to track down the culprit as it is an international case, and relatives confirmed from various evidences, including passports, that the incident occurred in Vientiane Capital. Before dumping the body into the Mekong until it was blown by the current, it was attached to That Phanom district, Nakhon Phanom province, where the police will only follow the procedures of the Thai side of the law. and handed over to relatives to coordinate with the Lao authorities to proceed.
Take the lesson of shooting Nong Bua Lamphu. Chief Of Staff Patrol work Suppress the frenzy.|Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the chief of police, ordered an overhaul. Crime Prevention encircle Stop the frenzy. Efficient Watch the operation in the area. There is pressure on the villains from the case of Panya Khamrap or Man, a former policeman. Nawang, who was dismissed from government service for drug offences. He was driving a white Toyota Vigo pickup truck, registration KATH 6499, Bangkok. Attacked and shot young children, teachers in the Child Development Center, Uthai Sawan Police Department, and people in Uthai Sawan subdistrict. 36 people were killed and 12 injured (latest as of 3 p.m.). Panya drove away to his residence in the area and burned his car before fatally shooting himself and his wife on the evening of October 6, 2022 in Nong Bua Lamphu province. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Assistant The police chief attended a press conference on the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak, revealing that the perpetrator, after being dismissed from the government service, continued to have a situation of methamphetamine, hallucinations, and stress, using a 9 mm firearm in the attack. No one wants this to happen. After this, there will be surveillance. People with strange behaviors are addicted to drugs. The police must continue to work quickly. In particular, the blockade of the gangsters with various frenzy will ensure that each area is ready to carry out a ceasefire operation. IF THE VILLAIN RETALIATES, OR HAS A FIREARM, HE CAN EFFECTIVELY TAKE ACTION. SPONSORED, WHICH TODAY THE VILLAIN SHOT HIMSELF DEAD. It is possible that the child chose to take action at the place because the child may not be armed, easy to commit various crimes.
Police said the gunman was slashed away by police. A search of the house found 1 methamphetamine pill and 38 dead.|Police update on death toll The latest 38 deaths in Nong Bua Lamphu shooting have been caused by stress and drugs. Confirmed to have been issued to the police since Jan 2022 from the case on October 6, 2022. At approximately 12.50 pm, the police received a report of a mob shooting in Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu province, causing death and several injuries. Make a tactical blockade. Chase the villain who fled into the house until he learns that the villain later shot himself dead with his wife. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, flew to the area to monitor the situation and revealed on "Thairath News Show" that the latest figures reported were that a total of 38 people were killed in the incident (including the perpetrator and 3 families) who knew that the child of the perpetrator had been studying at the center and had not been studying for about 2 weeks. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Stated that preliminary. He has not been found to have been using drugs since he became a police officer, as he has since become a police officer. He attended police school in Korat and then served at Yannawa Police Station as a student and had good grades and no drug-related behavior. Yannawa Police Station He even moved back to his hometown. IN 2019, SPONSORED, BUT LATELY, THERE HAVE BEEN DRUG-RELATED INCIDENTS. The supervisor then reported to the hierarchy, even planned to search the house and found 1 tablet of methamphetamine. He was found to have drugs in his body, so he was ordered to leave the government service in January 2022, then take disciplinary action. In addition, when asked about people who have seen the perpetrators come to the center, they said that they have never seen any violent behavior, but today it is expected that there may be stress from going to court. (Oct. 7, 2022) A charge of possessing one methamphetamine pill is unlikely to be a very heavy penalty. Therefore, it is estimated that the perpetrators are likely to be frantic and scared by the use of drugs. After the body was found, only one gunshot was heard, so it is estimated that the perpetrator likely shot his child and wife before shooting himself. The police have not ruled out any issues, including personal stress and drug-induced hallucinations, which have already ordered blood tests, among other issues. In addition, during the course of his duties, it was found that aggressive behavior may also be the cause of mental aggression. When I take a lot of drugs, I lose consciousness. Frantic During this period, there should be more symptoms. An integrated treatment center has been set up for the families of the victims, with the police as the intermediary to coordinate the incident. Station-level agencies that must have a set of operations to suppress the initial incident. Before the special operations unit was added, including tackling drug users' frenzy. If the symptoms are strange, they must coordinate with the police to take care of them immediately, however, they will have to wait for the doctor to conduct a thorough examination again before concluding whether the perpetrator also took drugs today. But that tells only overall behavior. There may be a combination of both, including the stress of going to court and drugs, or there may be a knot in the center because of the incident here, while the police blockade is fast. This was notified around noon. In the afternoon, the police stopped the incident, which is a remote area of the hotel, but had to go to check again, and when they heard a loud gunshot from the house, 1 shot went to see, it was found that they were dead.
Big Fort Tightening of security guards, government officials in possession of weapons. Prevent recurrence|"Big Fortress" expressed its condolences to security agencies at all levels. Dark directed government officials to possess weapons. Prevention of violent incidents focuses on background checks and screening of persons for service on October 6, 2022, Gen. Kongcheep Tantrawanich, spokesman for the Deputy Prime Minister. According to the report, the shooting occurred in Nong Bua Lamphu. Government officials used weapons against the people who occurred. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister expressed his condolences to the relatives of the deceased and all the injured, and directed the security agencies to give priority to reviewing and tightening the control measures of all government officials in their possession. Consider targeting officers who are stressed or suffering from mental illness or drug problems in order to isolate and treat and supervise them to be in the care of doctors until normal. More emphasis must be placed on personal history to prevent social violence from occurring again.
Another drug fanaticism rampages in front of Muang Tak police station, threatening to kill villagers. Police arrested (video)|Recently, there was a shooting in Nong Bua Lamphu. Young drug fanatics rampage Shouting out secrets in front of the hotel Muang Tak police officer threatens to shoot villagers The police used prongs to arrest him. Finally, the end of the work. He was shot down by an electric gun at 8 p.m. on October 6, 2022. Muang Tak Police Department received a report that a man riding a motorcycle came to a stop in front of him. The police officers of Muang Tak, Tak province, then went on a rampage, shouting secret items, making loud noises, and even riding motorcycles to threaten to kill the villagers who were standing at the grocery store in front of the hotel. Before circling back to the Muang Tak Police Station and announcing. If anyone messed with themselves, they would go back and get a gun and shoot, or the house would burn down without knowing who did it. The villagers who witnessed the incident were shocked because there was a recent shock in Nong Bua Lamphu province. The man's name was later known. Mr Champ, 27, admitted to having a long history of methamphetamine. Earlier, he was arrested for drug offences in Mae Sot Police Station, Tak province, jailed for about 2 months, and when he was acquitted, he returned to Tak town before the incident, not taking methamphetamine but drinking beer. But while yelling loudly at the store, there were villagers standing at the shop shouting insults, so they rode their motorcycles and went on a rampage, threatening to return and shoot them with guns. CREATE FEAR AMONG THE PUBLIC WHO WITNESSED THE INCIDENT, SPONSORED POLICE PATROL OFFICERS. The Muang Tak Police Department therefore mobilized the officers with prongs to protect the world. Slowly approached Mr. Champ, who immediately saw the officer. Mr. Champ, armed with a knife, ran into him. The police officer then used a prong to bondage him, but Mr. Champ tried to resist. The police officers then used TASER electric guns to fire at them to quell the madness. Before being taken into custody, he was later detained. Mr. Champ is not exhausted, continues to threaten and bargain with police officers. If you want to go to the hospital, you must remove the handcuffs, otherwise you will not cooperate because you are embarrassed that other people will look at you and talk back and forth for a while. Director of Prevention and Suppression Muang Tak, who served as a teacher, said that once in his teenage years, he used to be a lecturer at the school where Mr. Champ had studied. He was a teacher, and Mr. Champ was a student, so he reconsidered his memories, causing Mr. Champ to listen, and his attitude softened. Willing to listen and cooperate with the police officers, then coordinated the rescue efforts to receive him to The King Taksin Maharat Hospital. To proceed with the legal process.SPONSORED
Police officers are expected to be involved in shootings, drug abuse and hallucinations, and preparing to take lessons from prevention.|Police chief reveals former police officer convicted of drug offences He was dismissed from government service in November 2016. Last June He is expected to have been involved in methamphetamine abuse, possibly causing hallucinations before the shooting, the children's center said on Oct. 7. There was a shooting inside a child development center. Uthaisawan Police Station, Nong Bua Lamphu province, and drove into a car and shot people along the way home before shooting his wife, children and himself to death. According to the news release, at 5:00 p.m. on October 6, 2022, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, went to the area to investigate the scene inside the Child Development Center. Uthaisawan Police Station, Nong Bua Lamphu province, said that the perpetrators had served at Yannawa Police Station. In 2013, he moved to another hotel before moving to Nong Bua Lamphu province, his hometown, in 2019. Have seen suspected drug-related behavior and detected methamphetamine. He was arrested and prosecuted for "drug possession" and discharged from service during the month. HE WAS READY FOR A DISCIPLINARY INVESTIGATION AND DISMISSED FROM GOVERNMENT SERVICE IN JUNE. However, it is expected that the perpetrators are still using methamphetamine and will have to go to court tomorrow (Oct. 7) to cause stress and hallucinations until the incident at the child development center chases to their own home, where the investigation reveals that the firearm used is a 9mm gun, legally registered and a personal firearm. This lesson will be used to see how to increase productivity. While the attacker's home is near a child development center, it is possible that the crime occurred because it was close to home, or that the victim was a small child and it was easy to commit the crime, but the cause is still unclear. Let's check the facts first. Initially, it was believed that the perpetrator probably did not have a history of drug use before entering the police service because there was an investigation committee," the police chief said when asked by reporters. Does the perpetrator have a personal grudge against others who were killed? The police chief said he did not know the details because the witnesses were still in shock and regret, but the behavior of the unconscious people went crazy anywhere near anyone to kill, as was the case when they killed and injured people on the way to their homes. Initially, the doctor will perform an autopsy and blood test to determine how much drugs the perpetrator has in his body. As evidence, additional searches of the offender's home will be conducted.
"Feed the cooked rice," he said, grabbing a knife and slashing his throat. My uncle was bedridden and died horribly.|"Lan Thorpee" Grabbing a knife and slashing the throat of a bedridden uncle is a horrible corpse. Ka house in Bang Kapi The granddaughter revealed that the perpetrator had been picked up by the deceased since he was baptized on Oct. 6, 2022, according to police. Wang Thonglang Police Department received a report of a person being assaulted with a knife. The incident occurred at a house in the community behind the Thai-Japanese School Association, Bang Kapi. Therefore, he went to investigate with the foundation staff at the scene of the accident and found the body of Mr. Bailsan Pikulyam, 64 years old, a bedridden patient, lying dead lying on his back on the mattress. There was a sharp wound to the neck and a deep wound, and the perpetrator was known as Mr. Somchai Sanidkarn, 24 years old, who was the grandson of the deceased. He did not flee and was detained by the police for questioning at Wang Thonglang Police Station. Miss Nattawan Chuenmandol, 41, the granddaughter of the deceased, said that the deceased was the uncle of the perpetrator. In addition, the perpetrators have a habit of using drugs and stealing things, going to jail many times, and often rampaging to the dismay of the locals. At the time of the incident, it was learned that the perpetrator was drunk and frantically drunk, then took a knife weapon that was in the house and slashed the deceased's throat to death. In the past, the perpetrators had threatened to slit the throats of people in the house, but they did not know what to do because the perpetrators had no relatives elsewhere. He wants the perpetrators to be punished to the end. OTHERWISE, A SECOND DEAD PERSON COULD FOLLOW.
STC lowers flag at half-mast Pay tribute to the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting|The Royal Thai Police lowered the flag at half-mast to pay tribute to the incident. On October 7, 2022, the Royal Thai Police Office lowered the flag at half-mast due to the tragedy in Nong Bua Lamphu province that caused condolences to the entire Thai people to pay tribute to the incident. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense asked all government agencies across the country to lower the flag at half-mast. On October 7, 2022, a special 1-day event to pay tribute to the incident in Nong Bua Lamphu province, we ask all Thais to support each other. Let's go through this moment of cruel loss together.
The Police Chief ordered all units to mourn. Set up a rescue center and take lessons from the shootings.|"Chief Of Staff" Ordered all units to mourn the loss from the Nong Bua Lamphu incident and set up a rescue center for relatives. Accelerated autopsy Find motives, take lessons from incidents of mob attacks. Uthaisawan Child Development Center 37 people were killed, including 24 children, 13 adults and 10 injured, causing grief for the entire Thai people. Police spokesman Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat said he regretted the incident and expressed mourning for the deceased and the families of the deceased. In light of the incident, he ordered all police departments to mourn. By displaying messages on the agency's page or online media to encourage each other. LET'S GET THROUGH THIS BRUTAL TIME OF LOSS TOGETHER, SPONSORED SPOKESPERSON. He said police had set up a rescue centre for relatives of the victims. Set up a team of investigators to expedite the autopsy and investigation. Find the causes and motives of the culprits and take lessons to guide the prevention measures. Keep editing.
Relatives of the deceased gathered to pay tribute and lay flowers from the shooting.|Sad family and relatives of those killed in a shooting in a child development center Uthaisawan came to gather to pay tribute and lay flowers at the Auditorium of Uthaisawan Province. The deputy governor summoned a royal wreath, while the hospital accepted additional blood donations on the morning of Oct. 7, 2022, reporters reported. The atmosphere in the auditorium of Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Nong Bua Lamphu province, which is in front of the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center. Families and relatives of the deceased attended the mourning ceremony, with many relatives of the deceased sitting in tears, saying that they could not see the place where the loss occurred. Mr. Suwit Chanwaal, Deputy Director of Nong Bua Lamphu Province, summoned the royal wreath. Then the relatives of the deceased laid white flowers amid the crying of SPONSORED NOW at Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital, blood donations are accepted. villager Monks came to donate to help those injured in the incident.
Encouraging teachers of children's centers to reveal children I watched the news and didn't dare to come to class. |Sheriff of Khlong Luang, Pathum Thani Officials were deployed to support teachers and children in the children's centre after the tragedy in Nong Bua Lamphu, the governor said. While many children saw the news and were afraid, they did not dare to come to school in Pathum Thani province on October 7, 2022. Mr. Nitichai Wiriyanon Sheriff of Khlong Luang, along with administrative officers of Khlong Luang District. Police officers, police officers Khlong Luang District Local authorities in Khlong Luang District A children's center and school in Khlong Luang district was deployed to support teachers and children to boost morale after an incident in which a former policeman attacked a teacher and killed several children. Nong Bua Lamphu Mr. Nitichai Wiriyanon Sheriff Khlong Luang said that today, The Khlong Luang District, together with police officers and various departments, went to the area to encourage teachers and children to build morale with the incident in Nong Bua Lamphu province. At the same time, police officers were asked to help check the safety of children's centers and schools. Circuit cameras for teachers and children When they saw the visiting officers, they were glad that the agency had come to support them and acknowledge the problem. Teachers and children are also terrified of what happened and many children. When I saw the news, I was still scared and didn't dare to come to school. THE DISTRICT HAS COORDINATED WITH THAMMASAT CHALERMPRAKIAT HOSPITAL AND SET UP A MENTAL HEALTH CARE CENTER FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS WITH SPONSORED.
Neighbors saw Police kill villagers, revealing that the children who died were grandchildren and not real children.|A former police officer brutally murdered 38 villagers and young children has revealed that he was a troubled child after getting involved in drugs. At 8 a.m. on Oct. 7, 2022, reporters went to the scene. Soi Khum 3, Ban Tha Uthai Sawan Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, where Mr. Panya Khamrap or Man, former Nawang Police Station Crashes and fatalities Meet Mr. Kiatsak Saenkum The 70-year-old, who had a home at the scene and lost his beloved wife, a former retired teacher who taught Mr Panya, said the date and time of the incident was "very disturbing". A vendor drove a trailer to sell corn with his daughter and nephew in front of his house. The 70-year-old, his wife, and a neighbor stood and talked to about 7-8 corn vendors, and then the mob drove and crashed into the middle of the villagers' conversation, causing some of them to splash and some to flee. The assailant then got out of the car with a gun and shot the corn vendor's daughter to death, then used a machete to slash the corn vendor and his nephew in the head and seriously injured him. Meanwhile, Mr. Waranchai Prapaspong, or Ta Noi, 53, was shot by the assailants with a gun. The assailant then grabbed a knife and slashed him to death. Then the villain gets into a pickup truck, backwards, over the body and legs of Grandma Bua Teach. His wife, who was seriously injured, turned the gun at herself and ran for her life. The culprit then drove the pickup truck into the alley of the house, then did not know what was going on. The perpetrator was a student when he was in the 6th grade at Ban Tha Uthai School. Uthai Sawan is about 500 meters away from their own house. It is a child with family problems. My parents broke up. Don't like to talk, be calm, don't mess with anyone. When I moved to school, I didn't see my face, knowing that the latter only had money and drug problems. Mrs. Rungnapa Uttamon, 57, the sister of Mr. Waranchai Prapaspong, or Ta Noi, who was slashed to death by the assailant, said that before the incident, her brother went into the alley to talk about chickens. Then they will go home and harvest grass for the buffalo to eat. I rode behind and heard gunshots at the water plant. A man was seen being shot as a beer grandmother, then the villain pulled over the car. It started as a corpse before going to the police station to kill the children, then drove the car and hit the villagers, causing many deaths. The culprit had a wife who worked in Bangkok and broke up for about 2 years, then came to know his new wife who was shot dead. My husband goes to jail and visits until he gets to know the villain and gets together. As for the children who adopted them, they were not stepdaughters, but rather sisters and girlfriends, and then the relatives went to the brother's house opposite. To go clean, then reporters to the house. Mr. Pandya, or Man, who shot his wife to death. Found lonely, no one was home. Found the car. Two cars were parked, and my kid's toys were on a mound in front of the house. Mr. Theeraphan Skinsawang, 57, a neighbor who is about 50 meters away from the mob, said he was standing with 4 friends and saw the gangster driving to his house, then walked with a gun towards his group and shouted "Goo will kill Mung". They were seen running away to escape, and Ms Nittaya Amphawa, 33, a junior of Panya, said the incident happened a few days ago when she was seen shopping at a grocery store. Sometimes I bring my girlfriend or my child to shop at the store, it seems normal and nothing, but I like to drive in the village at speed and play loud music. Mother's House Panya or Man, about 500 meters away from his house, sponsored then reporters went to Panya's stepfather's house in the area. 1 Ban Tha Uthai Uthaisawan Na Klang District It is a 2-storey wooden house with a cement fence around it. Mr. Somsong Sakaew, 56, Mr. Panya's stepfather, said that he was ordained here and knew Mr. Panya's mother, so he had been together for 5 years. But before being a policeman in Bangkok, he was a good person, had a girlfriend who worked in a department store, would come back to visit the house every year until he found out that he was back at home and involved in drugs. In the morning, the police came to pick him up. The Police Commissioner has not returned.
Thai people are ready to dress in black. Lower the flag at half-mast to mourn the victims of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting.|It's a national tragedy. Thai people are ready to dress in black. Government agencies lowered flags at half-mast to mourn the victims of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting, ordering increased vigilance. Police officers in and out of schools and children's centers due to the "Nong Bua Lamphu shooting", a former policeman who frantically shot and slashed children at the Child Development Center, Uthaisawan Police Department. As many as 38 people were killed in Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, causing grief among people both at home and abroad to become a tragedy of the country on the morning of October 7, 2022. Bangsaray Sattahip, Chonburi Province Mr. Yosawat Phuwaratlertkhun The mayor of Klet kaeo subdistrict, along with Mr. Natee Dittabanjong, Permanent Secretary, Klet Kaew Subdistrict, Government Official More than 80 government employees and employees joined in expressing their condolences for the loss of the kitchen owner, wearing black to show mourning for the deceased, and lowered the national flag to half-mast and stood calmly in front of the flagpole. Therefore, we have joined together to express our mourning for those who lost their lives in the incident, and have increased the strictness and measures for entering and exiting educational institutions and child development centers of Klet Kaeo Subdistrict municipality of third parties to prevent losses and create safety for students and educational personnel.
.PCT Series 1 breaks PACMAN, the most popular gambling website, with a turnover of 40 million.|.PCT Series 1: Operation to break up PACMAN, a popular online gambling website More than 40 million baht in circulation Along with arresting 5 administrators and preparing to expand the results to check the financial route on October 7, 2022 according to the policy of the Royal Thai Police. Deputy Chief of Staff (PCT), Maj. Gen. Panurat Lakboon, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Sompong Ching-duang, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Axiom Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Panumas Boonylaksm Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Chuchat Thareechat Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. San Poonsiri, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Deputy Chief Of Staff Speed up arrests Online gambling sites that intoxicate the public cause a lot of property loss. Therefore, he ordered the 1st Operation Squadron, led by Maj. Gen. Panthana Nuchanat. Deputy Chief of Staff (PCT) 1st Series, Maj. Gen. Tanit Thaivajramas Chief Of Staff ,Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai 1st Lieutenant, 1st Lieutenant Colonel Director (Investigation) Investigation Group The Royal Thai Army, along with the police force of SPONSORED1, conducted a search of a luxury condo building in Sena Nikhom district, Chatuchak district, Bangkok. 2 points at 08.00 a.m., 1st S.P.S.T. by Lt. Col. Sittiman, 1st Lt. Col. 1st PCT officers together with officers B.S.S.M. Led by Lt. Col. Adisorn Boonchum and them, they searched 2 rented rooms according to a search warrant in the North Bangkok District Court. Both locations were searched. There were 5 Thais who served as administrators, along with the central items. 1. Computer (CPU) 3 2. Computer screens, 7 screens, 3. Mobile phones, 10 devices, 4. Bank books, 3 books, and 5. 3 debit cards, therefore, the accused was charged with "jointly arranging unauthorized gambling or trickery, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in playing games which are not authorized by the authorities". It is both a place of work and a place of accommodation for employees in separate rooms so that they are not noticeable. Therefore, the evidence was gathered and a search warrant was issued to the North Bangkok District Court. Later, they searched both locations and found the persons listed above and the items listed above. When checking the computer screen, we found the website www.pacman168.com, which is a website that provides online gambling services. Found an official line for admins to use to respond to customer chats, there is a group called Pachome which is a group that includes admins who are employees of online gambling websites under PACMAN. According to the preliminary investigation, there was more than 40 million baht in circulation on the four websites, Pol. Gen. Roy said, adding that the Police Chief has instructed all police units to arrest those who violated them earlier. In order to bring evidence to take further action against the mob and warn those who are thinking of creating online gambling websites and playing online gambling, they may be prosecuted under Thai law. If the public finds clues to technological wrongdoing. Online scams Information can be provided at the PCT Hotline 1441 24 hours a day or directly at 081 8663000 during official hours.
Metropolitan press release, ex-policeman drug fanatics Surround the stall, check the pee more frequently. Discuss the condition of possession of a gun.|Deputy Spokesperson Police say ex-police officers raided a children's center in Nong Bua Lamphu and may have been involved in drug dealing during a visit to the police station. Lumpini Police Department hastened to surround the stalls and discussed the issue of whether a person who has retired from police service can still possess a firearm. Although he was armed with a personal firearm at 11 a.m. on Oct. 7 at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters ( Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon A deputy spokesman for the NCPO said more than 30 people were killed in Nong Bua Lamphu province. By Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The Police Commissioner expressed his deepest condolences to the relatives of the deceased, who were former police officers. While being a police officer under the B.C.N., it was recruited. The recruitment process is a process that must be checked according to the normal procedure. I had to check again because I was sent to train at the Training Center Region 3 before I went to duty on November 1, 2013. Yannawa Police Station Move to Lumpini Police Station Investigation Department on July 24, 2017, before moving to The Director of Moo (P).S.P.Nawang. Date 10 Jul 19 During his stay at the B.C.N., he was only 0.5 or 1 and was not ready to use computer equipment. Finally, I would like to move back to my hometown, Nong Bua Lamphu province, while working, I cannot work with colleagues normally and there should be some problems"According to the investigation, the police officer who worked since he was a police officer and a police officer rarely talked to colleagues and had a passion for playing with a pistol in uniform. The Director-General has directed the Division to conduct an investigation. If there is evasion, the police will immediately investigate the police officer," the deputy spokesman said. Integrated response forces, shooting management Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, oversees anti-suppression work. Order the development of such training operations. In the case of drug users, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, commanding officer, gave the order. The NCPO conducted a follow-up inspection of 1,036 drug users, who were then monitored as surveillance persons. It is possible to return to drug abuse. The local authorities must conduct an inspection. As for the suppression of firearms; There were 63 arrests, 687 arrests, 65 arrests, and 930 arrests. He said 90 per cent of police officers will apply for firearms. The case is pending or has expired. "This is an issue to be discussed whether a person who has retired from police service is still a person who can possess a firearm. Even if it is a personal firearm, personal property, once it has expired, it is necessary to submit a list to the registrar for suspension, which may require consultation in the overall section. "Within the B.C.C., 7 police officers have been removed from the system, and background checks will be conducted, especially for narcotics, who will not be able to obtain personal weapons at the request of their superiors. A certificate of conduct is issued in the case of a request for the use of a firearm in the performance of their duties if asked if our police officers will be like that again. Supervisors Ordered to go to check on subordinates. Regularly check The police under the B.C.C. to randomly check the urine with frequency. This should not happen further.
The police chief revealed the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu. The villain used to say, "I'll make it louder than Korat" (clip).|Assistant Chief of Moo 7, Ban Nong Phaiboon, reveals that his brother knows the past. The police officer who caused the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting, he once said in a booze circle that he would make it louder than Korat, but no one really thought that would happen. Former police rank S.T. Pandya, Khamrab or Man The attackers shot Nong Bua Lamphu at the Child Development Center of Uthai Sawan Province. 37 people were killed, including 24 children, 13 adults and 10 injured. According to the press release, it was last updated on October 7, 2022. Assistant Chief, Moo 7, Nongpaiboon House Uthaisawan Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, said that his brother had previously had a friend with the former policeman who caused the shooting.
The Nong Bua Court ordered the disposal of the case. Ex-policeman in possession of 1 methamphetamine pill dies|The Nong Bua Lamphu Provincial Court ordered the disposal of the case. Panya, a former police officer, shot dead 38 people in a case of possession of 1 methamphetamine pill, the defendant died, prosecutors said. The right to bring a criminal case was suspended on October 7, 2022 at the Nong Bua Lamphu Provincial Court. The court ordered the disposal of criminal case No. 553/2565 filed by the public prosecutor of Nong Bua Lamphu province. Panya Khamrab or Man for the offence of possession of class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine) for possession of drug paraphernalia without permission). In the arrest and interrogation class, the confession was made, which Panya was temporarily released from the interrogation level as well as the trial floor by the case to the examination of the testimony. On April 18, 2022, when the defendant stated that he did not have a lawyer and needed a lawyer, the court appointed a lawyer. The case was scheduled to go to the Rights Protection Center on May 11, 2022 (the court will provide knowledge about the proceedings and the rights and obligations of the defendant), which the defendant insisted on refusing to prosecute. The defendant's lawyer and the defendant came to court and filed a request for the court to reconsider the defendant. The court granted the order, during which the defendant returned home to bring documents for the trial. The defendant committed the shooting, as was the latest in the news. The defendant's lawyer came to the court as originally scheduled. By stating to the court that the defendant had died and the prosecutor certified, the court ordered that the case be disposed of from the directory because of the defendant's death and the right to bring a criminal case would be suspended.
Attorney General orders reinforcement to help victims of Nong Bua shooting in all dimensions|"Nari" instructed the Director-General of Public Prosecutions Region 4 to assist the victims of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting, including inheritance management and claims, as well as suing for damages from the accused's estate on October 7, 2022. Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office Acting in position Deputy Director-General of Public Prosecutions, Office of Civil Rights Protection and Legal Assistance (NCPO) Mention a shooting incident in a children's center. in Na Klang District Uthaisawan Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, where many children were reported dead, said on Oct. 6, the day of the incident. Mr. Nitikupt Noppakhun, provincial prosecutor for the protection of rights and assistance to the people, Nong Bua Lamphu and his team went to the area to help and talked to some of the relatives of the victims who could talk. But there are still a lot of people who are still making up their minds, which the NCPO prosecutor will inform the authorities and coordinate the assistance. Documents that need to be written or filled out to receive various benefits from either the government or insurance And willing to shuttle service to submit documents To help fill out a message To help take care of the completeness of the documents To increase the difficulties in claiming various privileges by yesterday. Mr. Nitikupt also reported on the situation in the rescue that he had accompanied the head of the section in Nong Bua Lamphu province to the scene yesterday afternoon. The delegation jointly held a press conference on the incident with the National Police Commissioner and the heads of relevant government agencies and publicized about the rights and duties of the damaged people and the role of the prosecutor in assisting in the management of inheritance and other claims. The Attorney General has instructed the Director-General of Public Prosecutions Region 4, Mr. Pongsak Rattanapisit, and the Office of the Prosecutor General Region 4 to visit Nong Bua Lamphu to support the victims' families. The prosecutor will support all aspects of the law. No matter who writes the petition, don't be afraid to write it wrong, the prosecutor will go and help write it. Fill out the forms and if you want to file a complaint, there is no car to go to the prosecutor. The NCPO will take care of the transfer and if there is a desire to recover damages, it will help arrange for a volunteer lawyer to consider. Continue to sue for damages from the estate of the perpetrator according to the law.
Bring 10 bodies to Wat Sri Uthai The villagers did not accept the murderer's body.|Villagers of Uthai Sawan Na Klang wept as rescuers brought 10 bodies from the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting to Sri Uthai Temple. The bodies of his wife and stepson will follow later. The body of the former police officer has not been removed from the hospital. The villagers refused to bring it to the temple at 2.50 p.m. on Oct. 7, 2022, Wat Sri Uthai, Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province. The rescue vehicle of The Dhamma Foundation, Udon Thani province, brought the bodies of 10 deceased to the sala area beside the crematorium provided by the temple. Everyone is in a state of grief and regret, unable to cope with what happened. As soon as rescuers brought the coffin out of the car, ho was released. He hugged the picture of the deceased and called the name of the deceased. After the coffin was removed from the car, an officer came to process the documents of the deceased. Sri Uthai Temple is one of the three temples that will bring the bodies of the deceased from the shooting to set up a charity service hereSPONSORED for the bodies of the wife and stepson of the accused. While the corpse Mr. Panya Kurrai, who initially brought the family to Sri Uthai Temple as well, but the villagers did not consent, so now Mr. Panya's body has not been moved along with the funeral procession of other deceased.
Police chief reveals former police officer gets angry with his wife after shooting and getting tested for drugs|Illustrations from the police chief's news file reveal the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu. The former MP had a quarrel with his wife and then followed him to reconcile, but the woman did not reconcile, so he became angry and caused the incident, and the blood result that did not find any drugs may not be used in 3 days, aiming for a new thorough examination at 2.00 p.m. on October 7, 2022 at the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center. Uthaisawan District This is where Panya Khamrap used to serve as a police officer at Na Wang Police Station. Before being dismissed from government service due to drug-related circumstances. Armed with knives and guns, nearly 40 innocent people were killed by children and staff at the center, according to National Police Chief Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, who was killed late yesterday (Oct. 6, 2022). Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Commander of the Royal Thai Police and other relevant officials. Arrive by Royal Thai Police helicopter and arrive on the lawn in front of Uthai Sawan Police Station before entering the meeting room inside the Police Department before coming out to talk and offer condolences to the relatives of the deceased who came to contact about the death today. The concerned officers set up a data collection desk to carry out the procedures of the law and the rights that the family of the deceased would receive under the lawSPONSORED said that in the case, investigators from 5 hotels in Nong Bua Lamphu province were mobilized to interrogate all those involved. The blood test result does not find any drugs in the body, it may not be used in 3 days, so the test will be repeated. As for the preliminary investigation of the woman's mother, the wife of the perpetrator knew that she had an argument with the perpetrator around 4:00 p.m. on Oct. 6, 2022, so she called the house to pick her up. When the women go back. In the morning, it is expected that the men go out to search the village, and the wife may not reconcile, causing anger and causing trouble, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said. The perpetrator had recently engaged in drug-related activities during his time as a policeman in Nong Bua Lamphu province because he had been transferred from Bangkok. BUT GET INVOLVED DURING YOUR STAY AT HOME.SPONSORED
My friend revealed that "S.T. Pandya" Highly private world Don't talk to anyone, don't play social media.|A classmate of police officer "S.T. Panya", a ruthless former policeman, shot Nong Bua Lamphu and is a fellow hotelmate. For the first time, Yannawa Police Department revealed that he is a highly private person who does not like to play guitar alone in the room. Not joining line group, not playing social media, not being able to work on computers, so I was given to be a driver, walking paperwork, probably part of the stress and turning to drugs from the case of Panya Khamrap. A former police officer was involved in the shooting and stabbing of a former police officer. Teachers, schoolchildren and villagers in Nong Bua Lamphu province resulted in the deaths of 38 people, including the perpetrators. On October 6, 2022, at Yannawa Police Station, a reporter contacted Thanee Kinsom. Director of Investigations Yannawa Police Station A fellow police officer joined the police cadets of Panya, who committed the crime, to inquire about the behavior. After graduating from the Metropolitan Police Cadet School class of 58, he and the perpetrators chose to serve at Yannawa Police Station as officers of the Prevention and Suppression Department or patrol. The perpetrators had no drug-related behavior. As for personal habits, at work time will work well. Never lack or leave There is no problem, speak to colleagues as usual, but if you get off work, you will become an introvert in a room at a police flat. Not hanging out with friends or hanging out with anyone, often playing guitar, playing music, singing alone in the room. Sometimes the perpetrators are seen riding their motorcycles outside alone. HE DID NOT KNOW WHERE HE WAS GOING AND HAD NOT SEEN THE PERPETRATOR INTERFERE WITH CIGARETTES OR LIQUOR THROUGHOUT THE WORKING TOGETHER UNTIL THE PERPETRATOR MOVED TO LUMPINI POLICE STATION AND LOST CONTACT WITH EACH OTHER. He said the perpetrator had a girlfriend as a teenager but did not have a serious family. Throughout the working time, there are no problems with the supervisors or complaints from the public, including never adjusting or complaining anything to friends because they only know about their colleagues and talk only about work but personal life. The perpetrator never told or vented to anyone, nor did the perpetrator join the lineup. As for the fact that the perpetrator personally likes to play with guns, I don't know the facts. But he knew he only had one self-procured firearm. After learning that the attackers had moved back to Nong Bua Lamphu province, a group of friends tried to contact them, but were unable to contact them until they learned of the tragedy. I don't expect this kind of incident, because in my time together, there was no sign of being a jerk or a drug-related behavior. Therefore, it is impossible to see what caused this kind of incident, but it is not known what happened when he returned to his homeland. It's a turning point in my life." Mr. Thanee said that after Panya moved from Yannawa Police Station to perform his duties. Group Director Investigative work He served as the station's deputy superintendent of investigations at the time, but later discovered that he had work problems due to his inability to perform computer-related duties. He was not social, unable to work with colleagues in groups, and was assigned to work as a paperworker. It is expected that he will be so stressed that he may return to drug-related activities. Before making a request to move back to duty in the domicile area of Nong Bua Lamphu province and the incident occurred.
Ex-cops rave Anticipating stress, wife asks for separation The physical examination did not find any drugs.|Police chief reveals former police officer is also frantically weighing in on drugs Although the physical examination did not find any positive substances and stress from his wife requesting to be separated before the incident on October 7, 2022, from the case of the culprit who went into a shooting incident in Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu province, causing several children, teachers and villagers on the way, to be injured and killed. The attacker killed himself inside the residence, with the body of his girlfriend and another child included, according to the police, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, revealed the progress of the case. No psychiatric symptoms were found, but the crime scene also weighed heavily on drug-induced mania. According to the testimony of the mother of the perpetrator herself, coupled with the stress of family issues, the relatives of the perpetrator stated that the wife was prepared to ask for separation and the sick child. "Before the incident, at about 4 a.m., he got into an argument with his wife, and the wife called her mother at home, as if asking to be picked up. Now, the police believe that the stress is caused by a quarrel, just like the wife will not be present. This is an important issue because yesterday I went to court, there was nothing wrong with coming back, there was a reason, as far as checking my child had not been to school for several weeks and should have been sick." It was reported that the body of the perpetrator was sent back to the forensic department of the hospital. Udon Thani Center first because the police want to have the drug tested in the body again.
Relatives unfold, ex-police, gangster habits The reason for this is that he did not get a job at the MINISTRY.|Relatives of a former policeman who shot Nong Bua Lamphu Chae, a gangster activist I personally think that the cause may have come from dissatisfaction with the prime minister. Uthaisawan District I can't help but get fired from the police and I still don't accept a job at On Oct. 7, 2022, reporters went to Uthai Nuea House. Moo 12, Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, met with relatives of the police officer who caused the shooting. Panya Khamrab drove his motorcycle with his wife through the main road of the village towards Before the tragic incident occurred, as was the news. The former policeman's mother often said her child was good at school. When he returned from Bangkok to stay at home, he became the chief of staff. When I come to the house, I come to the wrong place with friends, take methamphetamine, eat alcohol, roam, but the usual perpetrators do not like to join the alcohol circle with other people. As for the motive for taking action, I personally think it's about drugs that the perpetrator likes to do. As has been the case in many news stories in the past, another sponsored is that the perpetrator was dissatisfied with his job because he was fired and wanted to ask the prime minister. Uthaisawan Police Department helped police officers who have problems to quit their jobs. I asked the police to help me speak, to testify, to go back to the police. When I asked the mayor of Uthai Sawan to help me speak, I said, "If you don't, you can't." I asked for help getting a job at the MINISTRY, but I expected to be rejected as well, but it was all my personal thoughts that I had seen and heard.
A court spokesman said: Kai's lawyers swirled in 5 cases, but won the case with real lawyers, scheduled for Oct. 26.|A spokesman for the court revealed that 5 cases of embezzlement have not yet been withdrawn, but the court is ready to investigate on October 26, the case of embezzlement of property that won the prosecutor at Kamphaeng Phet Court, together with the real lawyer that the court dismissed the case on October 7, 2022. Pretending to be a lawyer in the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Court, the investigation to date found the case of Pornthep Kachenpak. The seller of chicken disguised as a lawyer in 5 cases, divided into 3 cases in Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Court, 1 case in Nakhon Sawan Court, 1 case in Phitsanulok Court. In fact, the court has not yet made an order but has scheduled a hearing on Oct. 26 but has not ordered the cancellation of the proceedings. The part that claims that there is a case in which Pornthep went to the defendant's side and won the case with the prosecutor as the plaintiff is factual. The case is an embezzlement case involving 3 defendants, all of whom have lawyers, with the 2nd defendant having 2 lawyers, namely Pornthep. The fake lawyer and another lawyer who is the real lawyer and has a license to testify, and on the date of the hearing, there is also a lawyer who has a license to conduct the proceedings. The case involved 3-4 defense lawyers, so they fought to dismiss the embezzlement case. The lawyer at the original license will know if Pornthep is a fake lawyer. The nature of this embezzlement case that the court has examined may not be necessary to revoke because there is a valid proceeding. There is a properly licensed lawyer who is the lawyer in the case, not a single pornthep. In the area of the court, there are still 5 cases not detected, and the prosecution, in addition to the Kamphaeng Phet that has already been reported, the Phitsanulok and Nakhon Sawan courts sent the director of the court to report the relevant offenses in addition to the offense of abuse of jurisdiction that the court can set up its own expression. Mr. Pornthep's wrongdoings will be committed on different occasions. If there is a penalty, it will be counted against it.
Mom didn't let up. Sumayi The only child who survived. There is a wound 5 cm deep.|Te Mongkolkit Suksintaranon Rud visits children who survived the Nong Bua Lamphu shootings Call on the government to provide relief to the victims' families. In the same way as in the case of Sergeant Fan Korat, the caretaker of the children's center should have weapons for protection. The child's mother reveals the minute the baby was carried out by the victim. After being told that "all the children are dead", on October 7 at Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital, Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, a list MP and leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party, visited Sumayi. Victims of abuse at child development centers Uthaisawan District Then, he came to comfort Mrs. Monchaya Kaewsuwan, the mother of Mrs. Sumayi, Mrs. Mananya, said that as soon as she heard the news, she immediately went to the children's center. Locals say the children are all dead. His heart nearly broke, there was almost no strength to stand, and everyone cried. Shouting and groaning, rescuers pulled the child out of the room where the accident occurred, saying the child was not dead. He rushed to see it, and found that it was Sumayi. His son rushed to the rescue car with him to the hospital. She fought a lot, didn't open her eyes, but her hands clenched tightly and refused to let go, but she pleaded with the holy things to help her all the time." He was a talkative, talkative boy. Time to get around. He'll come in and ask. I'm a man, but I like to represent myself, Ila or I'm on the day of the accident. She didn't want to go to school but told her that she had to go to school because she would be punished by her teacher. So I went to school, I didn't expect my child to experience such a bad situation, which has been there all the time since yesterday. The doctor said he had a tooth on his head. The wound is deep and 5 centimeters long. During this period, you need to be closely monitored because you have a high fever and have not passed the crisis." Sweet Granny Mrs. Kwanmuang Srinamburi, 52, Sumayi's grandmother, said she went to the village with her grandfather and said that if her grandchildren were missing, they would give them a pig's head. Mr. Mongkolkit went to see the child and asked the nurse about his condition and said that he had to support the mother and wish the child a good recovery. In '51-52, the state recovered 7.7 million baht and the Korat sergeant incident got 5 million baht." Don't forget, no province produces drugs. Drugs can enter because government officials neglect them, whether it's the police, the military, the police, etc. Administrative divisions When methamphetamine came to Thailand, there was a bribe to arrest them. It doesn't say everyone, but some of them have cash. Methamphetamine may also be resold, it is a matter for the government to be responsible. The controller must have a firearm to protect the child. If there are drugs Have an imperfect state of mind. Gun licenses must be confiscated."
36 baht in Klong 4 district Found it to sell to raise money for a Andaman fishing trip.|Caught! 36 baht gold thief in Tesco Lotus Klong 4 Spend money to organize a fishing trip with saraburi group friends in Phang Nga. They sold gold to pay for 70,000 boats and bought more than 100,000 baht of fishing gear.  From the gangsters wielding BB guns to raiding the gold shop Yaowarat, Bangkok, Klong 4 branch. In Tesco Lotus Khlong Si Moo 4, T. Bueng Yi tho Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, pulled a gun and threatened the female employee, then jumped over the counter, sweeping 16 lines of gold, 2 baht each, totaling 36 baht, running back down the escalator on the way up, jumping over to the escalator on the other side, and dropping the gun on the side of the stairs. Before running out the mall door, he drove away on a motorcycle. policeman Thanyaburi Police And Investigation Police Pathumthani police inspected the scene and checked cctv cameras nearby. The incident occurred on September 28, 2022 at 7:00 p.m. At 12.00 p.m. on October 7, 2022, Maj. Gen. Peerapong Wongsaman Deputy Chief of Staff, Region 1, Lt. Col. Peerapol Choticsatien Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Yutthaphum Phoudom, Deputy Chief of Staff, Thanyaburi Police Department, Lt. Col. Decha Saenwa Thanyaburi Police Commissioner with police investigating Thanyaburi Police Department Police investigating P.Chua Pathumthani Police investigating Region 1 jointly made an arrest. Mr. Napat Chaengsaengthong, 26 years old, villager, Moo 9, Lam Sai The accused, according to the arrest warrant of Thanyaburi Provincial Criminal Court No. 548/2565 dated October 3, 2022, committed the offence of robbery at night with weapons, using a vehicle to facilitate the offense, or taking the property away or away from arrest. The accused can be arrested at a tourist pier in Phang Nga province. Before the detention, let's conduct an expanded search of the central area. THANYABURI POLICE SPONSORED POL. MAJ. GEN. PEERAPONG WONGSAMAN Deputy District 1 Commissioner Said Police Officer Thanyaburi Police Station, Pathum Thani Provincial Police officers, Investigation Police Region 1 and Phang Nga Provincial Police jointly arrested the accused Ching Thong at Chamwat Phang Nga Pier. The accused escaped for 3-4 days and went on a fishing boat, a fishing trip that had been booked for a long time. Initially, the accused pleaded guilty, pending the search for where the gold was sold. The accused has a history of drug possession and has been arrested twice for Mr. Naphat's behavior. The villains had planned before taking over the gold shop Yaowarat, Bangkok, Klong 4. Then, on September 28, 2022, the culprit drove the motorcycle to a stop and entered the scene of the robbery and drove away on a motorcycle. Police checked cctv and found the gangster's motorcycle swerving along the motorway, before the gangster's motorcycle suspiciously disappeared on Klong Luang Road. The police officers carefully checked the CCTV cameras until they found the culprit had parked the pickup truck. The accused then lifted the motorcycle used to commit the robbery into a solid pickup truck and drove away, the accused claimed that he owed money collected from a group of friends in Saraburi who arranged a fishing trip to take all the money. Take a certain amount of forged gold and sell it to pay for the boat in the amount of 70,000 baht and buy fishing equipment for more than one hundred thousand baht. Police found that the suspect had fled on a fishing trip to Phang Nga province. Therefore, police officers, together with the Police Region 8 and Phang Nga Provincial Police, were deployed to arrest the accused at a tourist pier in Phang Nga Province. After investigating the accused after the next day, he took 2 gold strands and gave them to a friend to sell at Klong Twelve for 50,000 baht, then on October 2, took 4 gold strands weighing 8 baht, forged them and gave them to a friend to sell at the same store, but the gold shop did not dare to buy them, so he went to sell them to another friend for 22,000 baht, then on October 2, took 3 pieces of gold weighing 2 baht to sell and exchanged at Klong 4 gold shop, got 1 gold ring before reselling it for 27,400 baht and took 1 piece of gold for his wife to sell for 52,0000 baht, then fled to Chumphon. Sell the gold for 50,000 baht and take all the money to the boat for a fishing trip to Phang Nga with a group of saraburi friends.
A wooden thief smashes the head of a grocery store before taking action.|A brutal thief uses a three-faced stick to hit a grocery storer's head. The 57-year-old was horrified. In the early hours of the morning. Expect to steal because there are several property searches. Police are preparing to trace from a closed circuit, believing that the culprit knew of the deceased's behavior at 06.30 a.m. on October 8, 2022. Moo 4, Nongree Subdistrict, Muang District, Chonburi Province. Lt. Col. Nithat Wongdorn, Deputy Chief of Staff, Chonburi Province, Lt. Col. Ekkarat Malawanno, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Teerasak Osathanon, Deputy Chief of Staff Forensic Police Region 2, Chonburi Hospital And Tri-Virtue Rescue The crime scene was found to be a one-story house planted as a shed. The wall is plastered, 8 meters wide and 16 meters long, in front of which is divided into a grocery store, in the middle is a bedroom, and there is an open space to the back of the house, kitchen. The back of the house is an open space with a kitchen with a cannabis plant about 200 centimeters high. At the back door of the house, a body was found. Ms. Anchalee Saejia, 57 years old, living at 35 Moo 6, Na Pa. A.Muang, Chonburi The owner of the grocery store was lying face down and was wearing a long-sleeved T-shirt, wearing horse-green trousers, whose nose and forehead were hit by solid objects, and the dentures of the deceased were found. It is thought to be the weapon of the culprit used to commit the crime. The police kept it as evidence and asked the relatives of the deceased to reveal that in the morning he saw the deceased not opening the shop, so he called to see it but did not answer the phone. Many calls were not accepted, so he called his grandchildren at Nongree to see him and learned that he had been killed. Mr. Ek (pseudonym), a relative of the deceased, said that he was alone selling groceries. In the morning, when I saw that I didn't open the shop, I called, I heard a noise in the room, I thought that the phone was on, people had to stay in the room, because if people go outside, they have to take the phone. He decided to pry into the back of the house and saw that he was having blood on it, so he informed the police, who did not know if the roof had any punctures. Ms. Supornsa Sathorn, 26, a neighbour, said that yesterday the deceased closed the shop at about 7.00 p.m. and told him to leave the shop early at about 4.55 a.m. Usually at 4:30 a.m. or 5:00 a.m. to put on the bat every day. I called and asked, I heard the answer but didn't speak, and then cut off the call. Yesterday, a Burmese came to ask for marijuana grown in the back of the house of the deceased to boil chicken to eat. Tell it belongs to Ako. If you want to get it, you can ask Ako yourself, which may upset the villain, Pol. Col. Nithat Wongdorn, director of the Chonburi Police Department, revealed that after investigating the crime scene, it was found that the culprit likely entered the back of the house and used a third stick as a weapon to hit the deceased's head in the face once. Because there are no blood on the wood. In the room there was a search of property and belongings, it is not yet known what was lost, but the face will be several properties because the deceased is alone. Now ask for time for the police to work, will check the CCTV footage near the crime scene, investigate witnesses near the crime scene and find traces of the culprit who is expected not far away. He ordered investigators to look at CCTV footage. Thoroughly investigate the crime scene to track down and arrest the culprit for further prosecution.
The parents invited their children's souls home with sadness.|Parents invite their son's spirit. The victims of a former police shooting and mass murder in front of the Child Development Center in Uthai Sawan subdistrict, while Detective Region 4 set up a center to mobilize investigators to expedite the conclusion of the proceedings, including the right to heal the family of the deceased. Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the temple was still mournful at 10 a.m. on Oct. 8, 2022. Atmosphere in front of Uthai Sawan Child Development Center Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province The parents of a 3-year-old boy who died in a mass murder at the Child Development Center drove a motorcycle to invite his 3-year-old son's soul by lighting incense sticks and offerings to send him home. He called his son's name before getting on his motorcycle and driving home. He called for his son to return home along the way. There were also people in the area, including relatives of the deceased, who brought flowers, wreaths and toys. Milk, lunch boxes, drinking water were laid out to pay tribute and some of the spirits of the children were invited home early in the morning. Lt. Col. Viroj Blue The Deputy Commander of Provincial Police Investigation Region 4 (BOK Por 4) mobilized investigators from Region 4 to help interrogate all those involved in order to expedite the conclusion of the case in order to complete the legal process that the bereaved families must receive. In order to expedite the conclusion of the case, the prosecutor will submit to the process of reparation of the victim of the crime according to their rights, which will be separated into 3 parts of the case. The autopsy of the deceased, who was the victim of the killing, and the prosecution of the perpetrator for intentional killing of others, and in the civil case, the relatives of the deceased can sue for damages according to the procedure. Today, we will expedite the interrogation of all issues, including the environment before after the incident, which the investigators will do as soon as possible. Meanwhile, some of the villagers' relief funds have already been partially implemented. It is now in the process of gathering conclusive evidence in the idiom, sending it to the prosecutor further while the atmosphere at Sri Uthai Temple. Ban Tha Uthai It was used as a place to set up 10 bodies of the deceased, with villagers and relatives of the deceased gathered to arrange a place to welcome adult guests and people who would come to mourn the deceased. It's an atmosphere that remains depressing and melancholy for everyone. The parents and relatives of the deceased all brought various foods that the deceased liked to pay homage to the souls according to the beliefs and traditions. To be brought into the next entitlement healing process.
Mother asks for the body of the shooter, apologizes to the victim's relatives, reveals heartbreak I can't find a place to burn.|The mother of a former policeman who was killed in the shooting at a child development center arrived at Udon Hospital to receive her child's body, raising her hand to apologize to the victim's relatives. He also sought to burn the child, while P.W.4 came to collect pee, hair and blood, and the perpetrator went for another drug test at 10.30 a.m. on Oct. 8, 2022. The mother of the perpetrator of the shooting, Child Development Center, Uthai Sawan Police Station, traveled to the Forensic Department of Udon Thani Hospital with her son and relatives to receive the body of the perpetrator for the funeral ceremony. After submitting the documents and signing the request for the body of his son, he cried all the time, the mother of the perpetrator said that she wanted to apologize, and also said that she was very sorry. He was deeply saddened, and his heart was almost broken. He never spoke to relatives of the deceased. Dr. Pranithan Rattanasali, deputy director of forensic medicine at Lampang Hospital, who came to help with the autopsy, said yesterday that he had taken all the bodies of the deceased and the perpetrators. The doctor tested for drugs from the urine, but found no drugs. Later, the police investigating Region 4 came to collect urine. It takes 7 days for the hair and blood to be tested again. Tomorrow, the staff will bring the body of the 8-month-old teacher back to forensic hospital Udon Thani Center to remove the baby.
Big Joker hijacks shooting case Examining witnesses hastened to heal. Pointing out the causes of accumulated stress|Big Joker sits down to investigate mass murder. The shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu hastened the interrogation and brought it to the rescue. It is separated into 3 expressions: autopsy idiom; The accused committed suicide and the accused committed the crime. Believing that the motives are from accumulated stress and many life problems, at 4.00 p.m. on October 8, 2022, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, traveled to the area. Uthaisawan District To expedite the interrogation of relatives of the deceased and the injured from the shooting in the Uthai Sawan Children's Center. A total of 180 witnesses will expedite the examination within 2 days and instruct that they must complete the exam once, will not take the exam several times because it will make relatives think, which is something that must be done because it is a regulation, Pol. Gen. Surachet said that today comes down to looking mainly at the investigation. The accused committed suicide and the accused went to commit the crime, focusing on public service, will interrogate at the homes of relatives of the deceased and injured because relatives are in a period of grief and grief, have mobilized investigators from all provinces because they have to investigate 180 mouths, must be completed within 2 days. The motives are primarily caused by stress. Because the post-mortem examination does not contain drugs in the body. The issue is caused by constant accumulated stress. Police are now giving weight to personal stress. On drug charges arrested Confirm that you are not being bullied. As for the issues involved in the local network, see it as an excerpt or not. It's a personal matter that has accumulated a lot of things to do with the tragedy. All of them are taught. For firearms, licensing Today, the police and the administration will look harder, and drugs in the community, as well as investigate in police organizations. If any drug paraphernalia is found, penalties will be imposed, including those in each unit of the police force. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal The Deputy Chief of Staff, as president of the Southern People's Association under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King, was accompanied by Mr. Wichian Khaokham. President of Udon Thani Province Mr. Narumon Pod branch Member of Udon Provincial Council Bringing volunteers from the South in the Northeast Police officers volunteered to donate blood and provide financial assistance to all victims of the shooting at Udon Thani Hospital. Government officials, merchants, provincial administration organizations participated in blood donation volunteers. More than 50 people, Pol. Gen. Surachet said, are southerners, regardless of their livelihood or living in any part of Thailand. They can help and will not abandon the Thai people together, ready to do good deeds for the land. Initial financial assistance of 5,000 baht was given to the families of 47 injured and deceased.
Cremated and shot dead, mother knocks on coffin Don't do this again. |The mother burned her body at a temple in Udon Thani. After the abbot allowed it, relatives helped carry the casket around the crematorium, and the mother knocked on the casket and said, "Don't do this again." The monks prayed matikabangsukul, gravel and water and asked the undertaker to close the lid of the coffin and set it on fire at 10.30 a.m. on October 8. Come to the Forensic Department, Udon Thani Hospital to receive your son's body for charity service according to tradition. After yesterday Relatives of the victims and villagers do not consent to the body being taken to a religious ceremony in the same temple. The officers then took the body back to forensics. Later, relatives contacted to ask for a funeral at a temple in Udon Thani, but finally called to cancel with the temple, then at 12.15 p.m., the mother and relatives contacted the abbot of Wat Mai Nong Hin. Nonghin-Romyen Community In order to perform the funeral ceremony of his son, which the abbot allowed, he took the body in a pickup truck to the temple crematorium with 10 relatives, put the coffin in a wheelchair, walked around the crematorium 3 times, and then brought the coffin to the crematorium. The mother walked over and knocked on the coffin, telling her son, "Don't do this again." The 4 monks finished opening the lid of the coffin for the mother and relatives to use perfumed water to wash the face of the corpse, which the deceased mother was crying about all the time, and then put the coffin into the furnace at 2.10 pm. The Undertaker lit the funeral fire and the relatives will return to collect the ashes tomorrow. 
Royal water bathing the corpse Nong Bua Lamphu shooting, 3 temples, 36 dead |Royal water ceremony for funeral Deaths from shootings in children's centres Uthaisawan District The Ministry of Culture has asked people to attend the funeral on the afternoon of October 8 at Wat Rat Samakkhi. Ban Nong Kung Si Moo 10, Uthaisawan Subdistrict The Ministry of Culture has given the opportunity for people to attend the funeral watering ceremony before the royal water bathing ceremony at 4 p.m., with more than 1,000 people dressed in black mourning. Invite the wreaths of His Majesty the King and the Royal Family. Placed in front of the casket of the deceased. Prior to the royal water ceremony, the funeral was held at Wat Rat Samakkhi. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Culture presided over the ceremony for the royal water bathing ceremony, which took place simultaneously at Wat Rat Samakkhi, Ban Nong Krungsri, Moo 10. Uthaisawan Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, 19 bodies. Ban Tha Uthai Moo 1 Uthai Sawan, Nong Bua Lamphu, 11 corpses and Thepmongkol Pichai Temple. Ban Nong Dan MOO 11, T.DANCHANG, A.NA KLANG, NONG BUA LAMPHU 6, CORPSE SPONSORED. His Majesty the King received royal water for the funeral and a wreath from the Royal Family. Please divide it into 3 sets according to the temples.
Captured and brutally killed by a burmese man who killed a grocery store owner |Caught, the villain is ruthless. A 57-year-old grocery store owner in Chonburi hit a three-faced stick. Police investigators searched an apartment in Bang Sao Thong, Samut Prakan, with items including gold and cash, a 24-year-old Burmese man who confessed to robbery and actual killing at 6:30 a.m. on Oct. 8. The Chonburi Police Department has been informed that there was a robbery in a grocery store with no number on Soi Wat Nongree. Moo 4, Nongree Subdistrict, Muang District, Chonburi Province. Lieutenant Colonel Nithat Ring Forensic Police Region 2, Chonburi Hospital And Tri-Virtue Rescue At the scene of the accident is a one-story house planted as a shed. The wall is plastered, the front divides the space into a grocery store, in the middle is a bedroom, and there is an open space to the back of the house, a kitchen. The back of the house is an open space made into a kitchen with a cannabis plant about 200 centimeters high. There are several rooms where migrants such as Myanmar and Cambodia are located, where the back door of the house where the bodies were found. Ms. Anchalee Saejia, 57, a grocery store owner, lay face down and died wearing a long-sleeved T-shirt and green trousers. Beside the corpse, a third stick, about 75 cm long, was found, presumably the weapon used by the assailants. The police kept it as evidence to ask the relatives of the deceased, saying that in the morning they saw the deceased not opening the shop, so he called but did not answer the call. Many calls were not accepted, so he called his grandchildren at Nongree to see him and learned that he had been killed. Another relative said the deceased was alone. Grocery sales In the morning, I saw that the store had not been opened, I called, I heard a noise in the room, I thought that the phone was in the room, the person must be in the room. He decided to pry into the back of the house and saw that he had fallen over and had blood on it, so he informed the police, who did not know if the roof had any punctures. He said that the deceased usually wakes up in the morning between 04.30-05.00 hrs. Today I called to ask, I heard a call but didn't speak, and then I cut the call, and yesterday there was a Burmese who asked me to buy marijuana growing in the back of my house to boil chicken to eat, and I didn't dare to give. You said it belonged to Ako. Je can't give because it's not Ako's. If you want it, ask Ako himself. You don't have the right to give because it's not yours, so you might be upset or something. Chonburi Police Chief Lt. Col. Nithat Wongpradorn revealed that after inspecting the scene, he found that the culprit was likely to enter the back of the house and use a third stick as a weapon to hit him in the head or face. In the room, the search of the property and belongings is not yet known, but it is several properties because the deceased was alone. Mr. Tate Bai Woo (Myanmar nationality), aged 24, at an apartment in Bang Sao Thong district, Samut Prakan province, with items of about 20,000 baht in cash, a gold necklace and a gold ring. The Golden Buddha of the Deceased Investigators will hold a press conference and plan to plead guilty on the afternoon of Oct. 9 at the crime scene.
"Brutal" hit-and-stab in front of his wife Young disabled extinguished Kacamp Construction|Hunchbacked disabled boy Cambodian man brutally beaten by fellow workers at construction camp in front of his wife My wife revealed the minute she was hit and stabbed," she cried before dying. Ask for help at midnight. October 9, 2022 Lt. Col. Suthan Chittapoompakdee, Senator (Investigation) Pathumthani Police Department receives a report of a person being attacked and killed Inside one of the construction workers' houses in the area. Therefore, he went to investigate, accompanied by investigators, doctors of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, Ministry of Justice, and volunteers of the Foundation for Gratitude at the scene behind the worker's camp. A body was found. Mr. Bom Mi, 37 years old, Cambodian Lying on his back, dead on the carriage, in front of the worker's room. No shirt, no shorts. A solid stab wound was found on the forehead, and in the middle of the back there was a stab-like wound with a sharp object. From checking the surrounding area. Blood stains were also found on the edges of the bath tubs for bathing. In addition, about 5 meters away, another sharp knife was found, so the officers kept it as evidence from the inquiry. Mrs. Yad Ab, 50, a Cambodian national and his deceased wife, learned that her husband was a hunchback disabled and worked on construction at the camp. Before the incident, he had been drinking with a worker named Mr. Pinchat Angkab, 42, along with 4-5 other friends, heard people fighting and heard her husband shouting for help. He and his 9-year-old son then left the room to see that they were being attacked by Mr. Pinchat and his wife. They were attacked and stabbed and beaten, and her husband was lying motionless before he died. The militants then fled. As for the cause, he did not know the police officer, assuming that the couple may have had a fight before. When they got off work, they sat down to drink together, and challenged each other before they were attacked and killed. After the incident, he was known to have driven a pickup truck and fled to the front of the village. Initially, the police will speed up the arrest of the perpetrators for prosecution. The body of the deceased was handed over to the rescue and sent for autopsy at Thammasat Hospital in accordance with the legal procedures.
Police rushed to find a dark hand, shooting a young owner of a mobile phone shop on the road to Khon Kaen Airport. |Police in Ban Pet police are investigating the shooting of a 40-year-old man who owned a mobile phone shop in Khon Kaen province and killed 3 people driving 2 cars at 5:00 a.m. on October 9, 2022. Ban Pet police received a report from Radio 191 that a person had been shot dead on the road heading to the airport. 4th Corps Khon Kaen inspected the crime scene, then went to inspect the crime scene. Lt. Col. Pairoj Thaiphuttha, Deputy Chief of Staff, Khon Kaen Province Lt. Col. Surasak Manothai, Deputy Inspector General of Police, Ban Pet, Lt. Col. Suthat Phaiboon, Deputy Director of Investigation Ban Pet Police Lt. Col. Prasert Tumchim, Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Ban Pet Police Station, and several police officers from the investigation team, sponsored when they arrived at the scene, which was on the road to Khon Kaen Airport, about 100 meters away from Maliwan Road. Mr. Phanom Thiprattanamongkol, 40 years old, villager Old Town, Muang District, Khon Kaen Province, lying dead on the road on the departure side of the airport. He was lying on his back, wearing a short-sleeved T-shirt, a red-and-blue sports shirt and gray trousers, no shoes, and was shot in the back with an unknown-sized firearm, one shot to the right chest, two shots to the stomach, and blood on the street. It is also found on the right hand. The deceased was holding a gold necklace with his left hand clutching a gold buddha and in the pocket of the deceased's pants was also found the car keys. As for the cause of being shot dead, It is now under investigation." After inspecting the crime scene, it is believed that the deceased and the mob probably knew each other. We had a meeting and a car ride together. Parked the car and talked on the side of the road at the scene of the accident, and talked discordantly. There is a conflict. Then the villain, 3 men, got out of the car and fired several shots at the dead man in the street. The culprit then ran back to the car and drove away, 2 cars, 1 white Honda CRV with no registration and 1 white pickup truck with unknown brand. Investigating police officers are investigating surveillance cameras near the scene and along the route where the assailants are expected to flee. We will investigate to find out the whereabouts of the gunman, who was the culprit of the killing, and bring legal proceedings," the deputy said. Khon Kaen's chief of staff, Lt. Col. Phairoj, said the incident was a "very serious incident." Eyewitnesses said that the car wash in the shop fired about 4-5 gunshots and 2 white cars ran through the storefront very quickly, so they walked out to look at the road and saw the dead person lying on the road, so he called 191 and called 1669 to check. TO FIND OUT THE CAUSE OF THIS KILLING, SPONSORED A DEPUTY. Khon Kaen's chief of staff said that initially it was assumed that there might be conflicts over business. Debt problems and adultery It must be fully investigated. As for the body of the deceased, it was given to Khon Kaen Samakkee Uthit Foundation and taken to Forensic Medicine Srinakarin Hospital for the doctor to perform an autopsy according to the procedure before handing over the body to relatives for further traditional charity service.
They are actually soldiers, ranks, sergeants, and not police. The clip shows a figure wearing traffic - long hair.|Director, S.P.C. Sakon Nakhon The video claims that the police are wearing traffic, concluding that they are not actually policemen, but soldiers of the rank of Lieutenant Colonel 23, Saraburi Province. Not being a driver, just sitting with you on October 9, 2022. P.S. Sakonnakhon Clarification on the case of the headline "Police in traffic" "Long hair needs to be cut is a criticism on social media. The incident occurred on Oct. 4 at 1:20 p.m. in Nityo Road, Muang District, Sakon Nakhon Province. Government operations Police were informed by the radio station that there was a rear-end collision on Nityo Road. No one was injured, he gave radio commands to Lt. Col. Kanha. Karun The Chief of Staff of the Guard Corps. Mr. Kaset to investigate the incident yesterday has brought the parties to inquire into the facts. The person shown in the video is not a policeman, but a soldier of the rank of Lieutenant Colonel 23, Saraburi province, and is not the driver.  Lt. Col. Natchapol Ponprasad The investigating officer interrogates both parties and compares the prosecution.
The Prime Minister ordered the Police Chief to mobilize the force to clear the "firearms and drugs" in a comprehensive manner.|The Police Chief said: Instruct all units to mobilize to clear firearm, drug offenses and conduct a comprehensive search of vulnerable groups. After the tragic incident at Nong Bua Lamphu according to the prime minister's order, including a random urine test until all officers at 11.30 a.m. on October 9, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said he has ordered all units to mobilize for a comprehensive clearance of firearms and drug offenses. It is open to the public to report clues at hotlines 191, 1599, and firearms are often used in violent crimes, and many times the perpetrators are drug-induced. It causes loss of life and property, and also causes great fear among the people. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, therefore, commanded the The police urgently cracked down on drug and firearms offenders in a comprehensive and continuous manner to build public confidence. In order to deter illegal acts, the police chief said that measures to crack down on firearms will focus on people who are allowed to possess and use firearms, but have behaved disorderly or behaved in a way that poses a threat to society. An in-depth behavioral investigation can be conducted to notify the registrar of the revocation of the license. In addition, there will be checks on vulnerable groups such as teenagers, children who like to carry firearms in public places and like to shoot, gangsters who are agitated, causing trouble and annoyance. A person carrying a firearm follows an influencer. Wide-ranging bidders, major contractors, informal lending persons, debt collectors, acquitted persons, persons temporarily released for firearms offenses, or other offenses using firearms in the commission of offenses. Persons who engage in the or illegal manufacture, sale or sale of firearms on the Internet (online) SPONSORED, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said, including persons involved in drugs, especially manufacturers. Major dealers and those with a history of being arrested for drug-related offenses will be arrested for trafficking, manufacturing, hiding illegal weapons, and other sources of trafficking. Facilities Set checkpoints Extraction points and setting up checkpoints for individuals Vehicles, intercept illegal weapons smuggling, both land and water. Search public bus baggage, intercept smuggling, import and export Illegal weapons along the border Combating transnational arms trafficking, Gen. Damrongsak said he had ordered the establishment of operations and command control. In this regard, both at the station, division, and headquarters levels, to manage the case so that there is no duplication. Establish a system for coordinating and transmitting information quickly and efficiently, including to supervisors at all levels. Tighten control over the conduct of subordinates closely. In the field of proactive drug suppression, there will be integration with all sectors, including government, local, public health. Intensify the crackdown on and arrest offenders in the area, as well as expand and implement property measures such as seizure, seizure of property, drug cases, money laundering, etc. to offenders. In addition to the protection dimension. Bringing people to therapy, especially in communities, educational institutions Service establishments and establishments will be randomly inspected according to the cycle. There is an ongoing community blockade. Find addicts with psychosomatic symptoms in the area. Create a database to determine the severity of symptoms in order to import treatment and find and lead drug users. Enter the voluntary treatment process as soon as possible. He said commanders at all levels must go down and drive the policy as directed, including establishing a "white police" program to randomly check the urine of all police officers. Monitor, monitor, and control the behavior of subordinates not to be directly or indirectly involved in drugs. If an action is found All offences shall be dealt with in accordance with all laws, disciplinary and administrative procedures, and performance evaluations will be conducted and used in the appointment of police officers in the coming term. If the public wants to report a whistleblower. Drug-related offenses Firearms, ammunition or explosives can be reported to the hotline 191 or 1599 24 hours a day. All of this The information in the notification will be kept confidential and a bribe will be paid to the informant in case the offender can be arrested.
Car hits road sweeper, Bangkok, dies before fleeing There is no closed circuit at the scene.|A 59-year-old road sweeper was killed before fleeing. Leave only the black bumper as evidence. Investigation Department Bangchan Police Department rushed to follow the driver to prosecute the case - there was no CCTV of the incident of the car crashing into an employee of the Bangkok cleanliness guard, tragically extinguished on the side of the road. The incident occurred at 07.00 a.m. on October 9, 2022. Bangchan Police Department received a report of a person who was killed in a car crash in front of house no. 36, Kanchanapisek Parallel Road, Subdistrict and Saphan Sung District, Bangkok. The body of Mrs. Somsri Yim-chaeng, 59, an employee of a cleaning staff member under the Saphan Sung District Office, Bangkok, was found dead in the uniform of a Bangkok cleanliness worker. Navy Wearing a reflective vest, lying dead in a corpse with blood coming out of the nose, broken neck, deformed leg, pants torn from impact, garbage tongs fell on the side of the corpse. The officers then gathered all of them as evidence from the investigation of witnesses and colleagues of the deceased. It is learnt that the deceased was a retired high bridge district cleaner who was on duty with his colleagues at 04.00 a.m. every day by chasing rubbish along the parallel road. Colleagues mistakenly noticed that the deceased did not sweep the streets followed in a row. When he walked back to investigate, he found her body falling into the garden by the side of the road. About 5 meters from the roadside, before shouting for help from the villagers at the scene, the investigators coordinated the investigation. Bangchan Police Station inspected cctv cameras at the scene but found no cameras in the area. However, investigators will check cctv cameras at other locations to determine if any of the vehicles involved in the crash and run-off offenses were unfounded. The Grateful Dead Foundation was assigned to submit the autopsy to the Institute of Forensic Medicine. Police hospital to determine the cause of death according to the next legal procedure.
Mr. K. Uthaisawan informed the wrongdoer. CNN journalists invade government offices|Maj. Gen. Pongpipat Siripornwiwat Police Chief Nong Bua Lamphu Prasarn, Uthaisawan Police Commissioner, filed a lawsuit against 2 CNN journalists for trespassing on government premises at 10.00 a.m. on October 9, 2022. Mr. K. A. Uthaisawan Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu province, revealed the case of a CNN reporter who entered the Child Development Center of Uthai Sawan Subdistrict Administration Organization that he did not know the details of the incident because normally it is unlikely that anyone who is not involved will go inside because there is a barrier, but someone entered. The police chief of Nong Bua Lamphu province has coordinated to report the grievance to the investigating officer, Na Klang Police Station. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) The Police Commissioner is the recipient of the matter as to what is considered guilty. There are 2 charges involved: trespassing on government premises and entering premises with material evidence.
Police donated more than 8 million baht to heal those killed in the Nong Bua Lamphu shootings|A spokesman said: The Police Chief is preparing to donate more than 8 million baht to the victims of Nong Bua Lamphu province on October 9, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong The spokesman said that in the case of Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, he ordered an account to be opened to receive donations to the families of those killed and injured in the shooting. Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province The account has been opened for 2 days with a donation amount of 5,336,316 baht and the public sector will give another 2,500,000 baht the next day. The quake at the Child Development Center of Uthai Sawan District and several other locations in Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu province, resulted in the deaths of a total of 36 people. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak, the police chief, invited only police officers and their families. Donate money to the families of the deceased and injured by using the account name "Thai Police Kindness for The Brothers and Sisters of the Victims of Uthai Sawan District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province", Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited, account number 052-0-64449-2. Donations will be made to relatives of those who lost their lives on Oct. 11.
"Big Joke" talked. CNN journalists charged with trespassing on government premises|Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, talked to understand 2 CNN journalists who broke into the news report inside the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center from Pol. Maj. Gen. Pongpipat Siripornwiwat. Chief Of Staff, Nong Bua Lamphu Prasarn, Mr. Danaichok Boonsom Mr. K. A. Uthaisawan Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu province, filed a lawsuit against two CNN journalists for trespassing on the government premises in the afternoon. On October 9, 2022, Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, spoke with MS. ANNA MARGUERITE COREN, 47, an Australian national, and MR. DANIEL JOHN HODGE, 34, a CNN media outlet who broke into the news report inside the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center.
Wrong teeth. Foreign police officer "CNN reporter" regrets yan asks the authorities to come in (clip)|"Big Joke" Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, investigated the case honestly and fairly in the case of 2 CNN journalists who reported on the incident area. A fine of 5,000-10,000 baht will be imposed on October 9, 2022. CNN journalists entered the children's centre at the site of the Nong Bua Lamphu shooting and climbed the fence over, raising questions and concerns from Thai and foreign citizens. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, gave the order. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, investigated and checked all the facts to get the truth to be evident. from inspections. After sending investigators to search the area, it was discovered that Ms. Anna Marguerite Coren, 47, an Australian national, was a reporter, and Mr. Daniel John Hodge, 34, a British national, was a photographer. Therefore, he invited himself to interrogate Nong Bua Lamphu. On Oct. 6, he traveled from Hong Kong to Thailand. By using a 30-year-old visa Ms.Anna uses an Australian passport and Mr.Daniel uses a British passport. They were unable to come to work, but the two continued to film news at the crime scene for several days and published news footage around the world. The Alien Work Management Act B.E. 2560 (2017) carries a fine of 5,000-10,000 baht. Pol. Gen. Surachet ordered the immigration police to revoke their visas or permission to stay in the Kingdom of Thailand and detain them for further investigation. A preliminary investigation revealed that the two journalists confirmed that they entered the children's center while the doors were open and there was no rope to block the scene. There are also people, including public health officials. official Nearly 10 people were inside, and two journalists testified that they had asked the authorities if they could go inside. The officer informed them that they could enter. In this section, all relevant witnesses will be questioned and will view the footage from the media at the scene again, with Pol. Gen. Damrongsak holding a press conference at 7 p.m. At 5:00 p.m., Gen. Surachet gave an interview to the media, stating that the journalist regretted the incident. Initially, it was known that the health authorities were beckoning each other, presumably miscommunication. He will wait for the legal proceedings to be completed and will fly back to the country immediately by this evening. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, is preparing to hold a press conference on this case again.
The Advocacy Council issued a statement. Calls to prosecute CNN journalists for human rights violations|The Lawyers' Council issued a statement calling for the prosecution of CNN journalists for violating the Alien Work Management Act, as well as human rights violations. After being found holding a tourist visa but entering the news of the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu on October 9, 2022, the Lawyers' Council issued a statement. Retaliate against foreign media for violating the rights of Thais and illegal aliens. According to cnn reporters, a child in Nong Bua Lamphu Child Development Center was fatally beaten and injured. Journalists holding tourist visas into Thailand are clearly considered to be in violation of Thailand's Alien Work Management Decree B.E. 2560 (2017) and do not include other related offenses, including human rights violations. This is especially true of children's rights, which journalists at this level must observe and be well aware of. The Lawyers' Council considers cnn journalists' violations of Thai law to be illegal, and that law enforcement officials must urgently prosecute both journalists in accordance with Thailand's law. Before the two individuals left Thailand. Council of Lawyers on 9 October 2022 Mr. Weerasak Chotivanich A deputy spokesman for the Lawyers' Council said foreign media had previously caused problems for Thai officials, such as the incident of 13 wild boars trapped in the Tham Luang cave. The authorities have blocked the area and placed a sideline in the operation area, where the sideline is the universal principle that we will not enter, as it will cause obstacles to rescue. Therefore, when CNN media enters a restricted area, he cannot tell. WE ARE UNACCEPTABLE SPONSORED IN ADDITION. Foreign nationals holding visas inform the Immigration Department what they are doing. In a realistic way, it must be exactly as informed we currently use. The Alien Work Management Services Act, which Section 3 clearly states that visas are written must be followed, so foreigners holding tourist visas cannot work in the press. Will have to go in and deal with it.
Methamphetamine traffickers arrested, more than 60 WY pills and guns seized|Sheriff Mae La Noi with the police Mae La Noi Police Station 337 holds a court warrant to arrest a government official for trafficking methamphetamine, seizing more than 60 WY stamped items and many firearms and ammunition on October 9, 2022. Sheriff of Mae La Noi, Mae Hong Son province, together with Lt. Col. Surasak Saengchan, Director of Mae La Noi Police Station, and Lt. Col. Niran Chairat The commander of the 337th Police Division led troops with a subpoena to search the teacher's residence of Mr. Chaiwut Wanwong, a school teacher in the area. Mae Tho District Mae La Noi Earlier, the administrative authorities arrested Mr. Adhikom Sukjai. The accused in the drug case was equipped with a quantity of methamphetamine, which, according to the extension, the accused testified that he bought methamphetamine from Mr. Chaiwut Wanwong. A civil servant, a teacher in one of the schools in the area. Mae Tho District Therefore, he asked the court for a search warrant inside the teacher's residence. Officers also found 1 .38-caliber handgun, 1 .22-caliber handgun, 2 rounds of .38-caliber ammunition, and 70 rounds of .22-caliber ammunition. 12 rounds, 1 magazine, 1 magazine hidden inside the teacher's house, so all items were seized and detained for possession of drugs and firearms. After being informed of the incident, it was stated that if the subordinate actually committed the offence. The agency will continue to follow the government's procedures. Without any omissions.
CNN journalists have no intention of trespassing-miscommunication. Apologies to Thais Chief Of Staff - Delete Image|Deputy Chief Of Police "Deputy Surachet" said that CNN journalists pointed out that there was no intention of trespassing, just miscommunication, and apologized to Thai people. Voluntarily return to the country at 6.40 p.m. on October 9, 2022 at Uthai Somboon Police Station. Nong Bua Bamphu Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Deputy Chief of Police, and Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, jointly gave a statement when a team of journalists and photographers from CNN television station entered the Child Development Center. Uthaisawan Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, which is the main cause of the tragedy by Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said he had given the order. Maj. Gen. Surachet checked the details. There is enough information by having Pol. Gen. Surachet provide information. Surachet said he had examined the travel of a team of CNN journalists, Ms Anna Marquerit Koren, 47, an Australian, and Daniel John Hodge, 34, a British national, who travelled Oct. 6, the day of the shooting, from Hong Kong, and Oct. 7 to a children's centre. From the examination and personal witnesses, photographs. There was no intention of trespassing, because there was an officer opening the door. The two of them walked in. There were 6-7 people in the children's center around 10 a.m. to noon seeing that there were staff. Ask in English if you can enter. The officer told me to come in. They didn't sneak in, and the officers didn't ban it, so it took a lot of time to take photos inside. When I came out, I saw that the area was blocked, so I climbed out the fence. No intention to trespass or violate orders or involve evidence. Pol. Gen. Surachet said that the investigation revealed the use of tourist visas. Ms. Anna has been to Thailand 4-5 times, while Mr. Daniel has entered once. Found to have used the wrong type of visa. The Police Commissioner has ordered the prosecution of the case. Visa withdrawal and comparison fine He pleaded guilty and was fined 5,000 baht per person. THE REPORTER ASKED WHY THE RECORDINGS WERE RECORDED IN THE CENTRE, POL. GEN. SURACHET SAID THAT ACCORDING TO THE JOURNALISTIC PROFESSION, TAKE AS MANY PICTURES AS POSSIBLE, THAT CNN NEWS AGENCY HAS ISSUED TWO APOLOGY STATEMENTS, BOTH MS. ANDA AND MR. DANIEL ARE UNCOMFORTABLE, AND APOLOGIZE TO THAIS AND THAT THE ACTIONS WERE NOT INTENTIONAL. Look at the picture and be ready to go back without having to push and may not have to be blacklisted. After the incident The police chief ordered an intensification of inspections of foreign workers who came in the form of tourists, and asked if the images that appeared previously published would be ordered to be removed altogether. Gen. Damrongsak said he would talk to him again.
100 million doctor and daughter threatened by call center gang claiming illegal packages|Call center gang rampage, doctor and daughter The owner of a clinic in Chumphon province was threatened by a call center gang for illegal packages. Tricked into transferring 101,871,381 baht in account, police rushed to hunt down on October 9, 2022. Deputy Police Chief P.O.8 came to the meeting to monitor the progress of the case of the victims who were tricked by the call center gang into transferring money worth more than 100 million baht. With Maj. Gen. Thitwat Suriyachai 4th Lieutenant Maj. Gen. Kongkrit Sripongngam Deputy Chief of Staff, Chumphon Province Lt. Col. Thani Naksevik, Director of The Police Department, Chumphon Province Lt. Col. Thewet Pluemsut, Director of The Chumphon Police Department Lt. Col. Vichai Saengwichian, Deputy Director (Investigation) Muang Chumphon Police Station and related parties attended the meeting at the meeting room on the 2nd floor of The Muang Chumphon Police Station, which was held on October 6, 2022. A hospital in Chumphon province and former director of the Center for Medical Studies He is now retired and runs a clinic in Chumphon province with his daughter. As of September 25, 2022, daytime. Culprit 1 called Ms. Da (pseudonym) and presented herself as a transport worker at a transport company and informed that Ms. Da had sent a package containing illegal items to the recipient. Chiang Rai City Police then gave Ms. Da contacted a line account called "Chiang Rai Police Station" and the 2nd villain presented herself as a police officer. Chiang Rai City Police Department talks to Ms. Da believed that she would be prosecuted and sentenced to prison. Ms. Da talked to the Chiang Rai Police Department to convey the message. Ms. Da believes that the events discussed are real. Then the 2nd villain sent the line account "Pol. Col. Kittipong" to Ms. Da to contact by informing that it is the Director of The Chiang Rai Police Department. Ms. Da then contacted the user of line account "Pol. Col. Kittipong" and there was a 3rd villain who used line account named "Pol. Col. Kittipong" who presented himself as Chiang Rai Police Chief, ranting and threatening Ms. Da to fear that she would be confiscated and imprisoned at Chiang Rai Police Station. MS. DA TRANSFERRED MONEY TO INVESTIGATE SPONSORED FROM THE BEHAVIOR OF THE CALL CENTER GANG. Ms. Da was convinced and informed the female doctor who owned the clinic. The mother acknowledged, and then the two of them used their bank accounts. 4 accounts, namely 2 Krungthai bank accounts, 2 SCB bank accounts, several bank transfers to the criminal's bank account and several destination accounts from September 25-29, 2022, totaling 101,871,381. Therefore, he went to file a grievance to prosecute all the culprits involved until the case was finalized. Muang Chumphon Police Department investigated the two victims and reported them to supervisors at all levels and handed over the case to the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (BOK 4), which is a specialized specialist in conducting investigations and monitoring of call center gangs for further legal proceedings.
Sattahip Collect "Ping Bang Saray" Carry a gun, like to provoke, make the villagers afraid of behavior.|Investigators from Sattahip police raided "Ping Bang Saray" with firearms and ammunition. After being informed by locals that there was a situation of mobs and firearms involved, causing panic among the villagers at 00.15 a.m. on October 10, 2022, under the direction of Lt. Col. Panya Damlek, Director of Sattahip Police Department, Lt. Col. Apirat Thanomsing, Deputy Chief of Police, Lt. Col. Chanatat Nawakunraeng. Deputy Chief of Police, Lt. Col. Suphan Jaihan, Deputy Chief of Police, Lt. Col. Sila Sajai, Police Officer, Na Jomtien Police Officer Chonburi Police Department led by Lt. Col. Weerachai Kapklon 3rd Police Commissioner and 3rd Police Officer 5 kg Police raided and arrested him. Mr. Suchart Uttool or Ping, 32 years old, villager of Moo 8, Lam Duan Subdistrict, Lam Duan District, Surin Province, got ready for the middle. Pistol weapons 1 x .38 mm revolver, carbine 1 .38 mm gun, 7 rounds of .38 mm ammunition and 2 rounds of 9 mm ammunition at the shed without a number (after the new temple is in the house). District 6, Bangsaray Sattahip, Chonburi province, was charged with possession of firearms and ammunition in violation of the law. PRIOR TO HIS ARREST, THE ARRESTING POLICE OFFICER WAS INFORMED THAT MR. PING (THE ARRESTED PERSON) HAD BEEN ARRESTED. The incidents involved firearms causing distress to the villagers living in the area, as well as causing fear and fear of not being safe in life and property. The villagers who heard the news were delighted, and there was no need to be paranoid about Mr. Ping's behavior anymore. The investigating officer, Sattahip Police, continues to prosecute the case according to the law.
The 27-year-old shot himself at a high school friend's wedding in Chumphon.|A 27-year-old soldier shot himself in the head of a high school friend's wedding, a close friend said. The deceased never had any problems or stresses and lived a normal life. Police will continue to investigate the cause. At 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 9, 2022, Lt. Col. Sarawut Chaikasit, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Sawi Police Station, Chumphon Province, was informed that a person was shot and killed inside the Chumphon Provincial Administrative Organization multipurpose building. In Moo 4, Sawi Subdistrict Therefore, he reported to his superiors and went to check with him. Lieutenant Colonel Panya Tuamsri, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Swee, Lt. Col. Thiradej Strong, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Swee, Lieutenant Colonel Somkid Channinwong, Deputy Senator Sawi police and the Chumphon Charitable Foundation rescue team at the scene of the incident found that the building was a large building located in the area of Sawi Subdistrict Administrative Organization, near the Sawi District Office. There was a wedding party for one of the newlyweds. The guests have almost completely returned. On the sidewalk beside the building, the body of the deceased was found lying on his back, covered in blood. His name is Chalermchai Loongkun, 27 years old, serving in the military under R.25 Thousand 2, Ranong Province. Currently on duty in three southern border provinces, rescue volunteers have covered the body with white cloths and blocked the area to prevent non-involved people from approaching the body of the deceased. MEANWHILE, CLOSE FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ARE WEEPING WITH GRIEF AND REGRET. He came to investigate and found a bullet hole drilled from the right temple through the left temple. A black 9mm pistol and a black leather gun holster were found on the side of the body. About 2 meters away on the grass, there was 1 shell casing, so it was collected as evidence before the body of the deceased was sent to the doctors of Sawi Hospital for a thorough autopsy. The cause may be stress or personal problems. Jennarong Tankaew, 28, who served in the military under the 5th Infantry Division at Thepsri Camp, Thung Song district, Nakhon Si Thammarat province, was a friend of the deceased. Before the incident, while dining and listening to music, the singer on stage with friends and acquaintances at the same table near the sidewalk beside the building's pillars. He and his friend were sitting next to each other but noticed that they were looking at their phones as they plugged in a charging cable and a power outlet at the beginning of the building's pillars. Soon I was told I was going to go to the bathroom. I walked a few steps away and suddenly When he heard the sound of gunfire, he saw his friend fall into a heap of blood, dying instantly. Mr. Gen Narong said that after the end of the gunfire. In a state of shock, he went to retrieve his friend's short pistol. Clear the gun before placing it in the same place. Myself and my friends are very close, and I've been a dear friend since my school days. Mrs. Siriporn Raksakul, 64, the mother of the deceased, briefly stated that her son had returned home on the 5th day, but most of them were with friends and never told anything.
Huaykwang police requested an arrest warrant. A 60-year-old uncle shoots his wife in the parking lot of a condo.|Police Officer 1 reveals Evidence is being gathered to request an arrest warrant. A 60-year-old uncle shot his 47-year-old wife dead under a condo in Huai Khwang. Identified as a dangerous person, he is speeding up the prosecution in the case of Mr. Sataporn Khaopuak, 60 years old, who used a firearm to shoot. Mrs. Krongkamol Suksawat, 47 years old, ex-wife, died in the parking lot of a condo in the cultural center area, Pracha Uthit Road, Samsen Nok Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District, Bangkok. In the early evening of Oct. 9, the progress of Oct. 10, Maj. Gen. Atthaporn Wongsiripreeda Police Chief No. 1 revealed that the investigating officer of Huaykwang Police Station had already interrogated several witnesses and gathered evidence to ask the Criminal Court to issue a warrant for the arrest of Mr. Sataporn, who shot her ex-wife, Mrs. Krongkamol, dead. In the offence of intentional and deliberate manslaughter. 1 said that he had ordered 3 police detectives to track down the perpetrators in the area where they were expected to flee, along with relatives and acquaintances. If the perpetrator is found, they can coordinate with the police for 24 hours to bring him to the police because the person has a firearm with him, so he is considered a dangerous person, Pol. Maj. Gen. Atthaporn said. It was found that the gun used in the incident was a different gun than the one used by the police. Huaykwang police arrested and prosecuted on Sept. 8 for revolver and are under investigation by the Forensic Division. Details have not been submitted to investigators at this time. The gun used in last night's attack was of automatic type, and details of whether it was a registered gun are unknown. MUST WAIT FOR THE ARREST OF THE PERPETRATOR TO PROSECUTE THE CASE BEFORE SPONSORED LT. COL. WITTHAYA SUDSAKORN, DEPUTY DIRECTOR (INVESTIGATION). Huaykwang Police Station Revealed that the issue of the crime of the culprit It is estimated that the woman tried to break up, but the man refused, so the accused did not cooperate. Initially, the police are still in the process of searching for clues in order to track down the culprit for legal proceedings.
Cyber Police 2 accused of counterfeit dollar gang seized more than 34 million baht|Cyber police, in collaboration with U.S. intelligence, arrested a gang of counterfeit dollars in Muang Thong Thani, arrested 2 suspects, seized more than 34 million items. Ordered to expedite the search for the capitalist who printed counterfeit banknotes on Oct. 10, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant Ms. Jongjit Chanprapawut, Investigative Specialist at the U.S. Embassy, Mr. Ian Konopic Special Agents Assistant U.S. Secret Service at the U.S. Embassy, Special Operations Commando Joint arrest Mrs. Manasjee Laongnuan, 49, a villager in the district. Poppula 5 Road, Bang Phut, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Mr. Panudej Wongnamnong, 58 years old, villager Moo 2, T. Phrabat Lampang city with foreign banknotes USD 100 each A total of 9,000 new banknotes worth more than 34 million baht. Caught at Room No. 416, 4th Floor, Building P1, Muang Thong Thani Condominium. SPONSORED POL. MAJ. GEN. PERSAK SAID THAT INVESTIGATORS WERE INFORMED THAT A LARGE NUMBER OF COUNTERFEIT DOLLAR BILLS HAD BEEN SOLD TO MONEY CHANGERS AND THOSE WHO WANTED THE CURRENCY THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS. This makes it difficult to track down and arrest. Therefore, an appointment was made to deliver the money within the said condominium. When it's time to make an appointment to meet a middle-aged woman. Know the name Mrs. Manasjee Laongnuan walked with a black cloth bag to the building. Bring a dollar note. The officers then showed up and arrested him at the hotel room with 2,000 counterfeit dollar bills before bringing them to investigate. Mr. Panudej, who is known to release them to customers who need such banknotes. The officers planned to expand the results until they arrested him at a mall with 7,000 counterfeit dollar bills. The U.S. Embassy is tasked with investigating and protecting the U.S. financial system from financial crimes and electronic crimes, the U.S. Embassy said. Spread to neighboring countries Sometimes found at airport currency exchange shops in Singapore. For this movement, counterfeit dollars are sold to those who want it at a lower price than the exchange rate to eat up the difference. Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak said that if the lot banknotes are dropped and exchanged with shops, currency exchange shops or other victims will cause significant damage because the counterfeit banknotes, if they are in Thai currency, have a damage value of up to 34 million baht. It is believed that there is a movement. An investigation is currently underway to identify the perpetrators. Initially, he was charged with "conspiring to forge banknotes issued by foreign governments or authorizing them to be issued" before handing them over to the investigating officer, Pak Kret Police Station, for further prosecution.
"Prapatpat" rounds up Forex-3D ready to fight the case, Yan never got a DSI summons.|Prapatpat Actor accused of money laundering The clarification is irrelevant to the Forex-3D chain sharing case without ever receiving a summons from DSI. The luxury car part belongs to the. Mr. Apirak's ex-wife at Nathong Terrace Bar At 10.00 a.m. on October 10, 2022, Mr. Prapat Suwanbang or Prapat The actor, who is accused of money laundering in the Forex-3D chain sharing case, gave a press conference to clarify that he was issued a summons and clarified about a luxury car that was seized by DSI. Being called by respected adults to clear themselves. The actor's family expenses, the actor said, insisted he was not involved in the Forex-3D sharing case, never invested, never knew. As for his relationship with Ms. Chankwanan Silun or. Mr. Apirak Kotthi's ex-wife is known to. In 2015, but did not connect with each other, then went to have a family, at that time did not talk to each other until the middle of 2019, came back to talk again and came to the funeral of's father. Mr. Apirak, DJ Man and Baitoey, at which time the Forex-3D sharing case started to go viral. I asked Jiggie if he was involved. Mr. Prapatpat said that the Aston Martin car was's car, which was a private car, and drove to him all the time he started getting back together. He never asked if he had taken the money from anywhere to buy it or if it was from wrongdoing because it was a personal matter of until in 2020, was seriously unwell and went to the hospital, during which a transgender friend called to say that he had taken DSI officers to seize the property, claiming that the transgender friend was one of the victims who had been defrauded by her ex-husband. At that time, was worried that the car would be confiscated, so he drove the luxury car to Prapat's friend's house in Ratchaburi. He said that after was unwell, he went to his room to recover, during which DSI officers searched Prapat's room. No search warrant was issued. Jiggie's room was searched and confiscated earlier. Myself and Jiggie have already filed a complaint because they feel that they have not been treated fairly. It creates a suspicion of how to seize it even if the owner of the room does not know. He has prosecuted under Section 157 of the Criminal Code against the DSI officer. He said that in the money laundering case where the summons was issued, according to the DSI, he told the media that the summons had been issued twice, confirming that he had never received the summons and had never been contacted by the DSI officials. Ms. Kanokrat Nimsamuth, Legal Advisor Noted that DSI How did you file a money laundering charge against Mr. Prapatpat? Neither is involved. There is no involvement in any of the jiggies. Just drive a luxury car and park it at Prapat's friend's house in Ratchaburi. Mr. Sirichai Piyapipetthakul Prapat's lawyer in charge of the case said the DSI had unfairly filed charges against Prapat and that he could explain everything in detail. He also wants DSI to clarify how the allegations against Prapat are related to Forex-3D.
Caught and robbed of 6 baht in Bangkok's Chinatown, claiming to want to raise money for debt.|Young suspects He pleaded guilty to being a robber who raided a 6-baht gold shop in Bangkok's Yaowarat gold shop on Nak Niwas Road Soi 17, claiming to want to raise money for debts in case the gangsters used firearms to steal gold in the Bangkok Yaowarat gold shop. Nak Niwas Road, Soi 17, Lat Phrao Subdistrict, Bangkok, received 12 gold necklaces weighing 2 pieces each, weighing approximately 6 baht, before fleeing. Later, a police officer investigated. Chokchai police detained one suspect with a black Honda Wave I motorcycle. No license plate attached. The preliminary also denied having anything to do with the recent developments. At 12.00 p.m. on October 10, 2022, the suspect, known as Mr. Kittipong Songsri, confessed to being the real perpetrator. After the incident, 3 strands of gold were pledged for 40,000 baht to be used for debt. The rest were seized by the officers at the residence. Officers charged him with robbery using a firearm before taking the suspect to the next crime scene.
Police found a "hit-and-run" pickup truck that killed a road sweeper in Bangkok.|Bangchan Police Department inspected a pickup truck, hit and run, and killed a retired female road sweeper. Found parked in the garage. Repairing fog lamps and dented lights in the case of a car crash, Mrs. Somsri Yim-chaeng, 59, an employee of a cleaning worker under the Saphan Sung District Office, Bangkok, died. While performing sweeping duties along the parallel road, Kanchanapisek. Before the attackers drove away. At the scene, there was a piece that covered the fog lamp. The black headlights fell on the progress at Bang Chan Police Station at 13.00 on October 10, 2022. Compare the parts that fell at the scene with the Isuzu car. Highlander, white, registration 3, 4420, Bangkok, which was the car that caused the accident. Bangchan Police Department can seize it. While the car was at the garage to repair the fog lights and dented dimmers. The left front and left front wheel arches have collapsed from the collision. Mrs. Somsri, road sweeper, under the High Bridge District Office BANGKOK TO DEATH SPONSORED DRIVER The perpetrator of the crime. Police are still investigating and a press release will be held.
Exam adds ex-police mother Donations to help families of victims of the 3-day shooting nearly 600,000|Investigators from Na Klang Police Station went to the area to interrogate the mother who committed the mass murder inside the Child Development Center in Uthai Sawan Subdistrict. Meanwhile, her mother revealed that she was preparing to go to the doctor in Udon Thani. Meanwhile, donations were made to help relatives of the deceased. The 3-day police officer nearly 600,000 baht at 1:00 p.m. on October 10, 2022. Na Klang Police Station Bring the investigation equipment with printer to the area to the house no. 115/1 Moo 1. Uthaisawan Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, which is the home of the mother of a former policeman. The perpetrators of the massacre Inside Uthai Sawan Child Development Center On Oct. 6, 2022, for further interrogation, before sending the statement to the prosecutor to proceed with the procedure, the investigators conducted an interrogation for about 3 hours before completing the interrogation. Print back overhaul THE POLICE CHIEF SAID THE INVESTIGATION WAS COMPLETED WITHOUT REVEALING THE DETAILS OF THE INVESTIGATION. The perpetrator, however, was not comfortable giving an interview and did not ask to speak again. Apologize and ask for understanding. Now that the mother is sick, she will go to the doctor in Udon Thani and will stay in Udon Thani with her son for a while while the donation point helps the relatives of the deceased. Uthaisawan Police Department received a disclosure from the donation point staff that people had come to donate in cash since October 7 and cut off the amount at 21.11 a.m. on October 9 to 587,178 baht, with the highest cash donor amounting to 420,000 baht. Uthaisawan Police Department Tel. 042-315885.
Warning of fraudsters accepting donations in the shooting of Nong Bua Lamphu is suspected of 2 pages|Warning spokesman warns against scammers Tricky on grief, pretending to be open to donations to the family of the deceased. The shooting in Nong Bua Lamphu province is suspected of 2 pages and was submitted at 1:00 p.m. on October 10, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesperson in collaboration with the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society for Political Affairs (MDES) warned fraudsters to live on grief. Donations are accepted. The shooting at the Children's Center in Nong Bua Lamphu province and the prosecution of those who shared pictures of the loss, Pol. Maj. Gen. Achan said that from the case of the shooting inside the children's center in Nong Bua Lamphu province. It's very disturbing to society. Now, fraudsters are using this opportunity to deceive the public. impersonation Donations to the families of the deceased have been accepted during the grief of the loss, which MDES has now detected. A total of 13 pages have posted account numbers for the transfer of merit. 2 pages are suspected, although the page admin has removed the post. At this time, the authorities have sent more information to the police and would like to alert the public to be vigilant and check first whether the person or agency accepting donations exists or not. For example, criminals usually accept donations in the name of an agency, but the bank account that accepts donations is the name of a person, especially when requesting donations via social media. It is used as a tool for wrongful exploitation and warns against fraudsters who think to take advantage of the suffering of others. They will be prosecuted for the offence of defrauding the public and offences under the Computer Crimes Act. The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society has gradually been removed, removed, or restricted on social media. If an infidel attempts to publish inappropriate images, legal procedures will be strictly followed, the spokesperson said. He said the government is concerned about technological crimes, which are currently causing a lot of trouble to the people. Instruct the Royal Thai Police to expedite the crackdown and seek serious defense. At present, the PCT center has a public alert. There are a total of 18 ways of scamming if the public sees any person or website that is pretending to accept donations or suspected that it may be a group of fraudsters to deceive the people. You can report the incident to the hotline. 1441 or PCT Center 081-8663000 Victims can report the scam online at www.thaipoliceonline.com website and can follow the scam publicity pattern at pctpr.police.go.th
Dismissed "Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisan" from the spokesman. P.4 The drama broke out laughter during the phone-in media.|Ordered the removal of "Deputy De" Maj. Gen. Phaisarn Luesomboon dismissed the spokesman. P.4 Kadsen broke out laughing. During phone-in interviews with the media. The Nong Bua Lamphu shooting set Pol. Maj. Gen. Puttipong, deputy chief of police, as his spokesperson on October 10, 2022, reporters reported. Maj. Gen. Yanyong Vejosoth The Commander of Provincial Police Region 4 has ordered the dismissal of Maj. Gen. Phaisarn Luesomboon. The Deputy Commissioner of Provincial Police Region 4 has retired as a spokesperson for the Provincial Police Command Region 4 and has been appointed to Pol. Maj. Gen. Puttipong Musikool, deputy commander of Provincial Police Region 4, was the spokesman. P.W.4 instead. It was reported that the reason for the order was because on Oct. 6, a former policeman who was involved in drugs and was forced to leave the government service broke into the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center. The massacre of 3-5-year-old children and their mentors, then drove away and killed innocent people along the way, becoming a major tragedy for Thai people, with a reporter who called to ask about the progress after the incident with Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisarn. QUESTIONS ARISE WITH VARIOUS SOCIETIES.SPONSORED
Interior declares war on drugs Oct. 31 : Drug-dealer information|Permanent Secretary of the Interior, with Police chief discusses solutions to drug problems Emphasize the declaration of war. The Oct. 31 deadline requires information on drug users and traders. Bring drug addicts into therapy on Oct. 10, 2022. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior, together with Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, presided over the meeting to discuss solutions to the drug problem. Director-General of the Department of Government Mr. Mana Siripittayawat The Deputy Secretary-General of the Narcotics Control Board and related government agencies, Mr. Suttipong, said that the tragedy has caused grief throughout the country and the world. This is partly due to the drug problem, so it is everyone's duty to help bring this tragic event together to discuss measures to lead to concrete action to solve the problem. In order to make Thai society a society that does not let bad things cause loss and unhappiness, according to a survey of people's suffering in solving poverty problems with the ThaiQM platform of the Department of Government. The figure reached 279,094 households in 31,744 villages, which, if we multiply the number of family members, would bring the number of affected people to the millions. Therefore, we must all take proactive action against the drug problem by approaching the problem of sponsored by the Ministry of Interior. By Department of Government The deadline is that by October 31, 2022, we will have preliminary information on drug traffickers nationwide in order to plan solutions with network partners, including the administration, the security department, and the security forces. Police, military, P.O.S. and public health to exchange information, treaty and filter another layer of information at the local level. Schools or suitable locations in the area Renovated into a drug rehabilitation center, along with members of the National Guard Volunteer Corps (NSO). policeman Soldiers, chiefs, and police officers in close care. There is a doctor who dispenses medication for treatment. Drug users must stay in the center to receive medication and live in the center for at least 1 week because the drug addict is mentally weak. They cannot live in society with normal people so that they can be assured that their children and grandchildren will be sent for treatment. We will be in charge while gathering information from areas where drug-related operations are being conducted to spread awareness to society. Reassure the public, give more information to the city department, whether it is 1 tablet of arrest, 2 tablets, can inform all the information on the side. Gen. Damrongsak said Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister has assigned the Royal Thai Police. Integration with the Ministry of Interior "Because the drug problem is on the national agenda", it is the source of discussions to integrate the work drive today. Statistics show that the current situation of drug abusers is likely to increase, and many drug users are not yet receiving public health treatment. Among those, there is a group of drug users who suffer from psychiatric symptoms. There is a mania. Physical harm to people, close people, and people The Royal Thai Police has instructed provincial police commanders and superintendents of police stations nationwide to visit communities frequently to build relationships and confidence in the public.
Claimed to be a deputy commissioner. p.9 Real police lobbying to buy the position of inspector.|Investigative series P.3 according to the big boy claimed to be the deputy. The 9th officer sat at the front of the room. The director of the police is actually lobbying for the position of inspector. The 14 police officers were not convinced to transfer the money on October 10, 2022, in front of the Provincial Police Office Region 3, Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom Commander of Provincial Police Region 3 with Maj. Gen. Saiphet Srisang Deputy Chief Of Staff 3. 3rd Lieutenant, Maj. Gen. Chusawat Chanrojanakit 3rd Lieutenant, Maj. Gen. Influential Nakkham Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Sukon Sri Arun Deputy Chief of Staff 3, Lt. Col. Yutpong Rodnuan, 1st Lt. Col. The Police Commissioner 3, together with the Investigation Unit of Division 1, Provincial Police Investigation Division 3, jointly announced the results of the arrest. Mr. Kanpol Kongmongkol, 54, accused of disguising himself as deputy commander of The Metropolitan Police 9 according to the arrest warrant of Chiang Mai Provincial Court 108/65 dated October 5, 2022, with items consisting of 7 bank account books, 1 mobile phone, 8 deputy inspector-level police officers' lists, 1 radio communication, 11 mobile phone SIM cards and 1 ATM card. 3rd Floor, iPlay Game Shop, 43/6 Thewarit Road, Mr. Kanpol confessed to impersonating Pol. Col. Pornchai Raddej, Deputy Commander of The Metropolitan Police 9, currently serving as the Commander of Nong Khai Provincial Police. The list of police officers is derived from the list of police officers appointed to the rank of deputy inspector in all 9 regions. By telephone to the radio communication officers of various police departments and coordinating with several police officers who were tricked into contacting the officers in front of the room. Chief of Staff (Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff) Phone number 08-1487-8957 And when a police officer is convinced, he will talk and pretend that he is Pol. Col. Pornchai Laddej, Deputy Chief of Police No.9 by pretending that he can help him to be promoted to inspector. Thakham police arrested him on September 13, 2019 and sentenced him to 1 year in prison for deceiving police officers. Ubon Ratchathani He was sentenced to 4 months in prison. Investigators gathered evidence and asked the court to issue a warrant for his arrest before he was arrested while fleeing to Chiang Mai province, said Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom. P.O.C.3 According to the investigation, it is believed that the culprit had committed several offences in various areas, which the accused admitted to having previously worked as a salesman selling solar panels in the northern area and had previously mingled with police officers. Therefore, he bought a SIM card at 08-1487-8957 to use before applying for the LINE application named Pol. Col. Pornchai Retarddej, Deputy Chief of Police No. 9, and used the avatar of Pol. Col. Pornchai, which he obtained on social media, to set up a profile picture. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, and can assist in the appointment of an inspector. When the victim dies, they will use the line-tuk application to find out for credibility. He was charged 300,000 baht each, but this time no police officer was convinced before he was finally arrested.
2 human trafficking administrators trick boys into taking videos and selling them on secret Twitter|Police arrested 2 administrators for seducing a boy aged between 15 and 18 years old and filming videos to be published in a secret group on his Twitter account. He pleaded guilty to charges of trafficking in persons for exploitation at 3:30 p.m. on October 10, 2022. The Chief of Staff, with Lt. Col. Surapong Chatsut, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Tonongsak Panchai, 1st Lt. Col. Arrested. Mr. Warawut Naksaeng, 24 years old, Mr. Sutheewat Niljiam Age 28 years, according to criminal court arrest warrant No. 2178- 2179/2565, respectively, dated October 10, 2022, charged with conspiracy of two or more persons to commit the offense of trafficking by exploiting the production or dissemination of child pornography for commercial purposes, producing or importing or exporting outside the Kingdom, distributing child pornography, threatening to induce children to behave inappropriately, or likely to put children at risk of committing offenses. Caught at 179 Soi Petchkasem 48 Yak 22, Bang Waek Subdistrict, Phasi Charoen District, Bangkok. 1 kg. Investigators have found that a secret Twitter account group called The Winner has been launched to distribute pornographic clips of young men aged 15-18 years old in order to earn money by collecting membership fees of 350 baht per person. Most of the victims were unaware that their clips would be distributed to secret groups. Officers then deployed to the area to search for clues. Investigating various financial routes until it was discovered that the group had Mr. Sutheewat acting as the page administrator to supervise the group and Mr. Warawut accepting money transfers or managing subscription fees and expenses in the preparation of the clips. This led to his arrest.  Both accused confessed to being the administrators of the group and editing the clips themselves before uploading them to the members, but claimed that the children hired to shoot the clips were voluntary. Not tempted, and not known to be a juvenile. It has been done since the end of 2020 due to its history of drug involvement. This makes it difficult to find a job. I don't have any income until I come to make such a website and see that I get good income, so I keep doing it. Initially, he was taken to the police for questioning. Continue to comply with the law.sponsored
Only crazy people laugh. Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisan cut off the life of the spokesman, only to shoot and ruin.|"Deputy De" Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisarn Luesomboon, former spokesman for P.O.4 Thanks for all the encouragement. Tell the madman only to laugh at this shocking event. F.C. Yan is a good policeman, friendly character, very serious about his work from the case of Por Por 4. There is an order to release Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisarn Luesomboon, Deputy Chief of Police P.O.4, from being the spokesperson of P.O.4. The order was issued due to a shocking incident at the Child Development Center. Uthaisawan District Nong Bua Lamphu A reporter called to inquire about the progress, and Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisan suddenly burst out laughing. With doubts about the answer to be answered in the interview. This has been heavily criticized for its inappropriate mannerisms. Many people were killed and injured in the incident on October 10, 2022, the reporter reported. Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisarn posted a reply to fans and fellow members on his personal Facebook page who came to cheer. He said thank you very much. Only crazy people laugh at this shocking event. I laughed at myself, why didn't I ask the director for complete the process? When a reporter asks, he can't answer reporters' questions. Because I didn't ask the director, I gave about 6-7 interviews, if I wasn't mentally normal, I would have laughed at all the channels. People stare at it when we say after laughing about what we're laughing about. To make the drama damn us, 555 life spokesperson for two years. I've never heard anyone compliment the spokesperson. I gave interviews to help the police about reality. The police complimented me, but people didn't like the police. THANK YOU ALL, SPONSORED REPORTER AGAIN, FACEBOOK FOR COMING IN TO CHEER. "I know Mr. Rong De quite a bit. You're not what the tour is going on right now. He was that kind of personality. When you talk to someone close to you, you talk to each other. I wasn't amused, but I laughed. But you may have missed a bit, but it's definitely not laughing at what's going on, it's laughing with journalists to show more camaraderie. In fact, he was very serious about his work. Take care of the people, take care of the commander, before making any decisions, try to follow your work on your Facebook page, you will know that you are a better water policeman than many people.
A big man gets drunk celebrating Lent. Symptoms of depression will not go to the hospital|A 52-year-old man who drove into the back of a pickup truck made a loud noise and was found to be drunk, refusing to be taken to hospital. The police of Bang Khun Thian Police Station have not yet filed charges - waiting for the symptoms to subside at 20.00 on October 10, 2022. Bang Khun Thian Police Department received a report of a car collision. One person was injured at the intersection of Wat Singh. Ekachai Road cuts kamnanman maen heading towards Bang Bon intersection, Bang Khun Thian subdistrict, Chom Thong district, Bangkok, so they went to check with the rescue personnel at the scene of the accident in the middle of the intersection. A pickup truck of Toyota Model Vigo, bronze gray, registration 1T 2827, Bangkok, was parked in the manner of turning right from Ekachai Road, heading towards Kamnun Meen, in the condition that the rear of the car on the left side was seriously hit until the lights were broken, while the motorcycle Yamaha model Fino, black and red, registration Sakkot 255, Bangkok, overturned in the middle of the road. The front car paint set was demolished. As a result, the motorcyclist was injured. Severe symptoms The next name is known as Mr. View Namjit, 52, suffered a broken face and a torn mouth, but was still conscious, but he was agitated like a drunk driver and refused to be taken to the hospital. Therefore, the body had to be tied to a stretcher before being rushed to Bangpakok 8 Hospital for urgent treatment. When I first checked, I was unconscious, but when the police and rescuers arrived, I was surprised. The injured man regained consciousness, but he spoke innocently and refused the initial assistance of the authorities. Investigators have not yet filed charges against either party. Have to wait for the results of the physical examination. Mr. View, who was injured, waited for his condition to subside before being called for further legal interrogation.
Caught and caught by a young man in a derailleur's feet. Street sweeper confesses to looking at mobile phone - can't see|Caught it. A young man driving a pickup truck hit a street sweeper. Bangkok died, confessed to looking at his mobile phone, but was unsure what he was driving because he couldn't see it. Police have filed two charges in connection with a car crash. Mrs. Somsri Yimchaebok, 59, a cleaning worker under the Saphan Sung District Office, Bangkok, died while performing garbage sweeping duties along a road parallel to Kanchanapisek. Before the attackers drove away. At the scene, there was a piece that covered the fog lamp. The black headlights fell in the afternoon. October 10, 2022 at The Metropolitan Police Division 4 Maj. Gen. Surapan Nathwartat P.O.N.4, Maj. Gen. Supol Kumchu Deputy Chief of Police No. 4, Lt. Col. Vasu Believephut, Director of Bangchan Police Department, jointly announced the results of the arrest of the perpetrators. Maj. Gen. Surapan Nathwartat P.O.N.4 According to the investigation, it was found that this car was Mr. Arakpol Nima, 30 years old, who was the driver of a white Isuzu pickup truck with 2 doors, hitting a solid box, registration number 3, 4420, Bangkok. Mrs. Somsri Yimchaebok, 59, a road sweeper of Bangkok, was detained from her residence in Soi Rat Pattana 30, Saphan Sung district, to investigate. The investigation was extended from the evidence obtained and CCTV footage was examined on the route until the suspect vehicle was found. This corresponds to the damage of such pickup trucks. According to the physical examination, no drugs or alcohol were found, so the charges were filed, reckless driving causing the death of another person and failure to stop to help. Report the incident and will consider reporting the allegations about: Using your phone while driving a sponsored car while Ms. Saolak Wayanan, Director of Saphan Sung District He thanked the police for their quick work and said that the deceased was a retired high bridge district cleaner who was on duty with his colleagues at 4 a.m. every day, chasing rubbish along the parallel road. Colleagues mistakenly noticed that the deceased did not sweep the streets in a row. When he walked back to investigate, he found her body falling into the garden by the side of the road. The company has recovered 1.5 million baht in funeral expenses and compensation, including depositing to the concerned parties that the operator has worn the vest properly in the performance of his duties, but the driver may not be careful, causing this kind of loss, and would like to deposit in the installation of CCTV cameras to prevent and investigate after the incident. Highlander White, registration 3, 4420, found that the fog lamps and front lights on the left side showed signs of dents and that the left front wheel arch had collapsed from the collision, which police investigated. Bangchan police can seize it while the car is at the garage for repairs.
The 23-year-old, who had just returned from Germany, dumped his body in school. I still can't help but grope the knot.|A 23-year-old man recently returned from Germany and left his body in a school in Buriram province. The deceased relatives have no enemies. Police have not yet determined what caused the incident at around 8:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2022. Inspector (investigation) Prakhonchai Police Station, Buriram province, was informed that the body of the burned person was found dead. Inside the school grounds, Ban Lang Tone T. Langton Therefore, he reported to his superiors before coordinating with the doctors of Prakhonchai Hospital, along with The Sawang Prakhon Chai Rescue Team and The Two Cities Rescue Team, to investigate the accident site when they reached the scene of the accident at the back of Ban Lang Tone School. The body of 23-year-old Thanatat Chankae was found lying face down and dead. In the forehead, he was hit by a solid object, burned almost all of his T-shirts and pants. It spreads to some of the skin's body as well. Beside the corpse were found a pair of shoes, a lighter, oil stains and teardrops of candles supposedly used by the assailants in the atrocities. The deceased's blue backpack was found on a steel grating filled with plastic bottles or school recyclables. Upon checking the bag, they found 1 brown wallet containing 280 baht, 1 mobile phone and 2 packs of cigarettes. It was a brutal murder and also committed on the school grounds. According to cctv footage of the grocery store, which is adjacent to the deceased's house, the police have not been able to do so. At 6:55 p.m., Mr. Thanatat walked out of the house and passed the storefront alone before breaking out of the surveillance camera radius and disappearing into the darkness. BUT NO ONE KNOWS WHERE OR WHO MR. THANATAT WENT TO, AND IT WAS THE LAST PICTURE BEFORE THE BODY WAS FOUND KILLED AND BURNED. The janitor, who was the first to find the body, said that around 8:30 p.m. (Oct. 10), he came to the school as usual, but when he walked inside the school, he smelled of burning and saw flames at the back of the school. At first I thought about who had set fire to something, but when I walked nearby and used a flashlight to look at it, I saw a human leg, so I panicked and rushed to call the nearby villagers to help me see it before informing the authorities to check. However, when I saw the flames before I walked in, I found the body. I didn't hear or see anything wrong, so I didn't know what was going on. Miss Yuphaphon or Koi, 22, the wife of the deceased Mr. Thanatat, said in a shaky voice that her husband had just returned from Germany with his family at 5pm on the night of October 9, and today, October 10, which was his birthday. The family of about 10 relatives arranged a feast and celebration, starting from about 5 p.m. until about 6 p.m. when they didn't see their husband at home. At 6:55 p.m., he disappeared into the darkness without knowing where to go, and even found out that his husband's body had been found burned in camouflage at Ban Lang Tone School, and he was shocked and helpless, and did not know why his husband was brutally killed. He said he loved Mr. Thanatat like a son because he had been raising him since childhood. Before his mother took him abroad with him, he went back and forth, where his grandchildren and family had just arrived from Germany on the night of the 9th, 10 October 2022, at home. It's also my granddaughter-in-law's birthday. No one knows when the grandchildren left the house or who they went to, but they also knew when they were found murdered in the school where the grandchildren had studied as children. My grandson is a villager and I have studied here and I have never seen my grandson have a problem with anyone, so I don't know why, but I want the police to speed up the pursuit of the perpetrator because of the brutality of the crime committed by the provincial and investigative police officers. Prakhonchai police have rushed to trace the nearby closed circuit and called for a suspect to be examined as a clue to track down the perpetrator for prosecution. Initially, it was not clear whether it was for the purpose of taking property or personal grudges.
The MINISTRY paid more than 3.9 million in remedies to prevent repeat mistakes and reduce the shock.|"Somsak" reveals "K.Justice" to provide financial remedies to victims Of the 36 deaths in Nong Bua Lamphu province, more than 3.9 million baht were reported. The injured waited for the treatment to be completed and paid immediately. Ask the society to help implement the law to prevent repeat offenses to reduce the terror attacks on October 10, 2022. Revealing the progress of the relief for the victims in the quake at Nong Bua Lamphu province, the Ministry of Justice (Ministry of Justice) by the Department of Protection of Rights and Freedoms has provided compensation under the Compensation to Victims Act, compensation and expenses to defendants in criminal cases B.E. 2544 (2001) and as amended on October 9. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister with Mr. Ruangsak Suwaree The Director-General of the Department of Protection of Rights and Freedoms attended the funeral and provided 110,000 baht to the families of the 36 deceased, totaling 3,960,000 baht, while the other 10 injured were waiting for the treatment to be completed. Therefore, we have rushed to provide assistance to those in need as soon as possible. The injured person who is awaiting the conclusion of the expenses will be paid according to the seriousness or actual injury in each case. Medical expenses not exceeding 40,000 baht, rehabilitation expenses not exceeding 20,000 baht, and lack of benefits can be obtained. IN ORDER TO REMEDY THE CESSATION OF OCCUPATION ACCORDING TO THE MINIMUM WAGE AND OTHER DAMAGES NOT EXCEEDING 50,000 BAHT, THEREFORE, IF THE INJURED PERSON CAN CONCLUDE ALL EXPENSES AND EVIDENCE, THE PAYMENT OF REMEDIES WILL BE EXPEDITED IMMEDIATELY. "I don't want this to happen, and I feel sorry for every time something like this happens, so I'm pushing for a law to prevent repeat offenses to keep an eye out for dangerous people like this in society. The Justice Minister said.
The child was brutally beaten by his father, shot 5 times, repeatedly slashed with a knife, and died in a horrific death.|He was scolded by his father, pulled a gun and shot his father 5 times, grabbed a knife and repeatedly slashed his face and neck, and died in a horrible manner. Caught at the scene. Expected from the accumulated resentment that is regularly insulted. Police took him into custody for questioning at 4:30 a.m. on Oct. 11, 2022. Lt. Col. Nattadon Suwanko The Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Sokkham, was informed by Radio 191 that there was a death inside the rubber plantation. M.15 Ban Khok Sangthong The house must Therefore, he reported to Lt. Col. Thanatri Srilunchang, Senator Sokkham and Maj. Gen. Triwit Sriprabha. Lieutenant Colonel Buengkan, Lt. Col. Arak Masathanang, Deputy Chief of Staff, Buengkan Province, and his superiors in the hierarchy knew about it, so they coordinated with the doctors, Sega Hospital, Sawang Srivilai Rescue Team. When they arrived at the scene, it was a one-story cement house in a rubber plantation. About 3 meters away from the house, the deceased was found to know the name Mr. Baikham. 68 years old, House No. 96 Moo 15, Ban Khok Saeng, lying dead next to the bathroom with only a canvas as the side cover. Lying on his back, drowning in a pile of blood in a corpse, wearing a pink short-sleeved shirt. The black shorts were then co-ordinated with the police for forensic evidence. Several wounds were found on the body. There were 2 gunshot wounds in the middle of the back, 3 shots in the left leg, 3 shots on the face, a sharp wound similar to a sharp tooth, and on the neck there was a deep wound almost torn as well, where an iron rake fell and 1 sharp knife was placed next to the deceased's body. Take it to Srinakarin Hospital for examination. In order to dissect the bullet and the cause of death after the incident, the police made an arrest. Mr. Phakdee Thamarat, 30, the deceased's son who committed the crime, is under investigation for the cause and motive of his father's killing. BASICALLY, IT WAS PROBABLY CAUSED BY A GRUDGE THAT MY FATHER SCOLDED ME FOR BEING THE PATRON OF THE SIDE. Mrs. Sakhon Voice The deceased's wife, 55, testified that at the time of the incident, no one knew anything about the incident. In the morning, my sister came running to say that my son had slashed his father dead, he was shocked, he told his sister to inform the chief of the house, informed the police, and I heard him complaining about this son all the time.
Mom and wife don't believe the 23-year-old will burn herself to death. Expected murder Found to have used drugs|A 23-year-old man was burned to death in a slang-tone school. latest Buriram It is unclear whether he was burned or burned after he was found to have used drugs for treatment. The mother and wife believe that the murder is unlikely to kill themselves in the case of Mr. Thanatat Chankae or Naom, 23, a villager. Moo 11, Muang Fang District Muang district, Buriram province, burned to death inside Ban Lang Tone School. Moo 1, Langton Prakhonchai, Buriram province, which is the village of his wife. Last night's incident came as a surprise to the family. Because the deceased had just returned from Germany with his mother to visit his wife and children who were in Thailand and wanted to go to the military service waiver, cctv cameras showed the deceased walking alone. At 10.00 a.m. on October 11, 2022, buriram provincial forensics officers together with the investigating officer, Prakhonchai Police Station, went to the area to inspect and collect evidence at the crime scene thoroughly again. Meanwhile, police officers from Provincial Investigation Unit Region 3, Buriram Provincial Investigation Unit and Prakhonchai Police Investigation Unit have searched the area for information and CCTV footage both inside the school and nearby areas to provide information to unravel the incident. The deceased was seen passing in front of the shop next door, only before disappearing. Other closed circuits have not yet been found. The closed circuit at the school is not working. The investigators are preparing to send the body of the deceased to the police hospital for post-mortem examination to determine the true cause of death and unravel the knot of death. As the atmosphere at the deceased's house was filled with sadness, relatives and villagers continued to cheer for the deceased's mother and wife. Especially the wife, who has a 3-year-old daughter and the deceased, still crying all the time because she can't bear to lose her husband. Because her husband died on her birthday, Mrs. Pornpan Simsen. The deceased's mother, 55, said the night of the incident was around 21 a.m. I said I was going out to buy food to eat because I was hungry. He did not return until he heard at 11 p.m. that he had been burned, shocked because his son had no enemies, and had just returned from Germany. Someone stared at him because he was going to cause trouble inside the school so that no one could see it. The son will definitely not hurt himself, but admits that the son used drugs and was in rehab during treatment. Ms. Yupaphon Kesaro or Koi, 23, the deceased's wife, said that the date of the incident was her birthday. Because I can't access my husband's phone. Now I have given my mobile phone to the police to check it out. Normally, the husband usually goes out to walk outside the house, smoke some cigarettes, take some walks as usual, but I personally do not believe that the husband will commit suicide, more likely to be beaten to death and cremated in camouflage.
Ruthless, 67-year-old grandmother knows she likes to keep cash with her. |The old lady Pak Tho Ratchaburi walked to his sister's house to watch TV and walked home at 2 pm in the morning to find a dead body with a broken trachea. Lost wallet The culprit was expected to wait for the robbery because he knew that the deceased liked to keep cash with him at 07.00 a.m. on October 11, 2022. Pak Tho district, Ratchaburi province, received a report of a person lying dead in front of the house no. 1 Moo 4, T. Yang Hak. Therefore, the police force was deployed. Disaster Response Center staff rushed to the scene along with the Primary Foundation to find the body of an elderly woman. In front of a one-story wooden house. The body was wearing a brown shirt and short bag, lying on its side, with a large wound on the neck, which looked like a sharp cut, and a stab wound to the right chest. The deceased walked to the house of Mrs. Khae, who was a sister next to the deceased's house. After watching TV At about 8.00 pm, he went home as usual and did not hear anything else until dawn when he learned that his sister had been killed lying in front of the house for unknown reasons and later learned that the deceased would carry money in his pocket all the time, but he could not find the wallet. It is assumed that the culprit may have known that the deceased was carrying money with him, so he came to see Ladlau and waited before attacking him with a sharp weapon, stabbing and slashing his throat until the trachea was torn and then fled. However, the investigation has not yet focused on a particular issue. MUST WAIT TO GATHER ALL THE EVIDENCE. One suspect is a male. There was a house about 400 meters away from the deceased's house, which was detained by the police. The man also gave a denial.
Big Joke 23-year-old accused of murder|A 23-year-old man was burned to death in a slang tone school. latest Police from the Forensic Division found There was a link between the lighter at the scene, the coin-operated gas station where the deceased passed by. Big Joke prepares to go down according to the case of Mr. Thanatat Chankae or Naom, 23 years old, a villager in Moo 11, Muang Fang District. Muang district, Buriram province, burned to death inside Ban Lang Tone School. Moo 1, Langton Prakhonchai, Buriram province, which is his wife's village. THE INCIDENT OCCURRED LAST NIGHT, SPONSORED ON OCT. 11, 2022, THE REPORTER REPORTED THAT ON OCT. 11, 2022, LT. COL. SATHIT SATHITTHAVORN, DIRECTOR OF INVESTIGATION IN BURIRAM PROVINCE, ALONG WITH Lt. Col. Jetsarit Phaengsrisan Prakhonchai Police Chief Prakhonchai along with Buriram Provincial Forensic Division police inspected the scene and found a plastic bottle that had been burned and melted at the scene. 1 tea cap and 1 lighter were found next to the crime scene, and DNA samples of the fuel dispenser were collected at a coin-operated gas station in the village. After witnesses saw the deceased, he walked to the gas station and walked back toward the school, which matched the CCTV footage that showed Mrs. Sampao Kridram, 56, a villager in Moo 1, Ban Lang Tone. T. Langton Prakhonchai said that before the incident, around 6 p.m., he was sitting at the intersection with several neighbors. The deceased was seen walking alone. Head to the village gas station, which is a coin-operated pump, and then the deceased walked back like he was holding a bottle of something, attached to his chest, but did not pay attention. Most of the villagers didn't know Mr. Nam because he was just a son-in-law in this village. As for the cause of the burning, they don't know what happened to Mr. Thanatat or Nam. Chan Kae, who had been addicted to drugs before, was undergoing treatment for depression, but the police initially identified suicide as the main issue, but did not leave the issue of murder. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, is interested and will come to follow up on the case tomorrow. (Oct 12).
The royal funeral pyre killed in Nong Bua Lamphu 3 bodies were actually cremated at Thepmongkol Pichai Temple. |The royal funeral pyre was a special case of 3 temples in Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, and the first actual cremation was carried out at Thepmongkol Pichai Temple. 3 dead The 19 bodies at Wat Rat Samakkhi will be cremated at the foot of the sediment at 7 p.m. with His Majesty the King and The Queen devastated by the shooting incident inside the Child Development Center. Uthai Sawan Subdistrict Administration Organization, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province On October 6, a number of children and adults were injured and killed. His Majesty the King visited to give support to the families of the injured and accepted patients as patients under the Royal Patronage with the Royal Patronage of the King in the funeral of the deceased in a special case. Ban Nong Kung Si Moo 10 Uthaisawan Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province There is General Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister presided over the ceremony at the same time, and His Majesty the King kindly asked his Majesty's government agencies to attend the ceremony. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister, presided over the ceremony. His Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen invited the families of the deceased to give a warm message at Thepmongkol Pichai Temple. Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister, presided over the ceremony, and all 3 temples were attended by people attending the funeral ceremony and paying tribute to many. His Majesty The King graciously presented alcohol gel, umbrellas and water to those who attended the event at 3.45 pm. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense attend the fire ceremony Victims of tragedy, Wat Rat Samakkhi, Ban Nong Krungsri, Moo 10 Uthaisawan Na Klang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province, where the bodies of those killed in mass murder were located. Inside the Child Development Center within the Uthai Sawan Subdistrict Administration Organization, 19 bodies were recovered after completing the ceremony before walking to encourage the people and relatives of the deceased by walking around the temple grounds before returning. After the Prime Minister returns, the villagers and relatives of the deceased put chan flowers on the pavilion and there will be another fire meeting at 19.00 p.m. according to the religious ceremony at 5.00 p.m. at Wat Thep Mongkol Pichai, presided over by Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister. The villagers laid flowers. After Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The Deputy Prime Minister performed the funeral ceremony. The first funeral, Dr. C.H. Nantanapas, encouraged relatives to cry before putting the little boy's body into an electric furnace, which took about 1 hour to burn.
Police hunt for uncle 60 who shot his ex-wife Dabkalan in a condo parking lot.|Deputy Police Chief No. 1 said police rushed to hunt down a 60-year-old uncle who shot his ex-wife in the parking lot of a condo in Huai Khwang district. Most recently, it was learned that there was a movement to the southern provinces alone. He is expected to be arrested soon at 11:00 a.m. on Oct. 11, 2022. Deputy Chief of Police No.1 attended the meeting with the police investigating department. Huaykwang Police Department to follow up on the case Mr. Sataporn Khaopuak, 60, used a firearm to shoot. Mrs. Krongkamol Suksawat, 47, ex-wife, died in the parking lot of a condo in Huai Khwang district. In the early evening of October 9, by Lt. Col. Wittaya Sudsakorn, Deputy Director (Investigation) Huaykwang Police Station After the Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Mr. Sataporn on Oct. 10, he was arrested. The police have sent an investigation team to speed up the arrest and prosecution. According to the information, after the attack, the culprit took a taxi out of his residence in Meng Chai intersection and hid in Bangkok area throughout the night. It is expected that he will be arrested soon. Huaykwang police said that so far, the culprits have not been asked to surrender. The police have left it to relatives and acquaintances. If found, coordinate with the police to make an arrest, since the criminal has a firearm with him, it is considered a dangerous person.
Cyber Square Launch Operation Dragon Wings Collect 13 Gang Call Center-Horse Account|Police launch operation to remove dragon wings 13 accused, both Thai and Chinese, joined the call center to trick the victim into transferring more than 6 million baht to a horse account prepared on October 11, 2022. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Thayut Chanthavorn Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Niwet Abhavasin, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Thitwat Suriyachai 4th Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Deputy Chief of Staff 1 jointly announces the results of the breakup of the call center network Under the Battle of "Dragon's Wings", 13 Chinese and Thai suspects were arrested, Lt. Gen. Worawat said 21. The POLICE received a complaint from the victim through the online police system that the culprit claimed to be a DSI officer who allegedly committed a criminal act and sent a fake arrest warrant from a government agency that the culprit forged to the victim before ordering the victim to transfer more than 6,976,094.87 baht to the account prepared by the criminal. HE THEN LOST CONTACT WITH THE POLICE CHIEF, HE SAID, AFTER INVESTIGATING KG3, BOK.4. Investigators learned of the location of the movement and sought a search warrant to inspect the suspected residential premises and use them to commit crimes. and arrested two Chinese-Taiwanese suspects acting as bank account holders (horse accounts). in transactions. A total of 61 items were found. A total of 39 mobile phones with tasting cards, notebook computers, bank books with ATM cards, passports and other items, Pol. Lt. Gen. Worawat said. A total of 13 accounts were found inside the phone, which the accused testified that the electronic bank accounts detected were intended to be used to deceive people into transferring money to such accounts. Found information intended to be used to deceive victims within the program. Found summons, arrest warrants, money laundering warrants of the P.O.C., The DSI's arrest warrants were forged and various law enforcement websites were found to be forged to give credibility to the mob. However, by extension, more suspects can be arrested. It is divided into 8 horse account opening contractors, 1 horse account collection group to pass on to Chinese capitalists, and 2 victims of fraud, initially found damages totaling more than 200 million baht.
Drunk and lustful An 8-year-old boy was arrested and charged with possession of drug paraphernalia. |A 34-year-old man in Kuchinarai Kalasin has been involved in drug-related offences. The 8-year-old boy's grandmother was arrested. Deceived her grandchildren through the back door of her arse, torn and bleeding. The police asked the chief to arrest him. Preliminary also refused. Meanwhile, local leaders urged authorities to speed up the crackdown on drugs. On October 11, journalists reported that drug problems, particularly those of drug users, are causing trouble and causing harm to the public. It is still visible and occurring in many areas, most recently in Kuchinarai District, Kalasin Province. Mr. Sathit Suwanphet Mr. Gov. Buakhao Mrs. A (pseudonym), 52, parents of an 8-year-old boy. People of Bua Khao District A.Kuchinarai informed the police of the case. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Kuchinarai police have charged a 34-year-old man who lives in the same village. After the attack, an 8-year-old boy and his nephew engaged in obscene acts in the house, causing them to be torn and bleeding. The incident occurred on the afternoon of October 9 and police were asked to interrogate the man and prosecute him. After learning that the perpetrator was involved in drug-related behavior, he feared that the child and his parents would not be safe. After the police report Mr. Sathit Suwanphet Mr. K.K. Buakhao, along with the police of Kuchinarai, coordinated with the villagers of Nonsawan. M.10 Police inspected one of the 10 houses where the incident occurred, but did not find the man who was accused of child pornography. He was later informed by Mr. Veerachai Seku, 58, the chief of the house. M.10 The man was found. His name is Mr. Sudsakorn (last name request), 34 years old, a villager of Non Sawan. He was taken to the police for questioning at the hotel and sent an 8-year-old boy to The Crown Prince Hospital for medical examination. Mr Sathit said he was informed by relatives and parents of the child that on the afternoon of October 9, he saw blood stains on the child's pants, so he tried to inquire until the 8-year-old boy told him that he had been tricked by a man in the village into going to his house and pulled him into the house to commit obscenity and injury. He took the parents to the police station and asked the police to investigate. Drug abuse and petty theft are frequent, so children and their parents are feared to be unsafe. The police then coordinated with the chief of the house to hand over the body to the police, Mr. Sathit said. I would like to call on the relevant authorities and authorities. To urgently solve and crack down on drugs in the area, especially in Buakhao district, which is the top area where drugs are spreading heavily, especially those who use drugs are causing problems for the community, therefore, we would like to call on the authorities to urgently solve it. M.10 Ban Non Sawan said the 8-year-old boy lives with his grandmother, 52, and Eye, 62, who have a broken left leg. The mother has a general mercenary career, which is not the main source, according to the child's grandmother. On the day of the incident, I was not at home because I had been attending a temple in the village since the morning. Therefore, he did not know that his grandson was playing at the house of the perpetrator, but he was coordinated by the authorities. It's not. Details will have to wait for the police to interrogate again. The child's grandmother learned that she had taken her grandchild for a medical examination. Reporters have tried to reach out to Lt. Col. Banthit Singhapracha, Director of The Kuchinarai Police Department, and Lt. Col. Prasad Tridej. The Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) of the prosecution to inquire about the progress of the case, but could not be contacted. Maj. Gen. Suwan Cheownawinthawat Kalasin police chief Said he was aware of the incident. Initially, he directed the Kuchinarai Police Department to expedite the interrogation of those involved, especially the children and the accused, which is quite sensitive because the victim is a child and the examination of the child must have a multidisciplinary team. However, the authorities sent the child for a thorough medical examination and waited for the official results from the doctor along with a urine test for drugs of the accused.
Good news. Sumayi, the surviving D.C. Out of ICU - Send your child to udon hospital  |Sumayi 3-year-old boy who survived the massacre Uthaisawan Child Development Center has left the ICU. Move to a special room. The 4-year-old is preparing to be transferred to Udon Thani Hospital for treatment of blood vessels from surgery and the brain is still swollen on October 11, 2022. Boy who survived the massacre in Uthai Sawan Child Development Center Na Klang District Nong Bua Lu Phu On Oct. 6, he said he woke up hungry for milk last night and said he was hungry and refused to drink the hospital's milk. The doctor told me to buy milk for you, so my mother went to buy me the milk that I like to drink. Recipe 4 Tasteless She drank a lot of milk. Don't eat, the doctor said. If the condition improves, the child will be transferred to the pediatric doctor, where Sumayi's condition will improve quickly. Fast recovery, only 6 days of treatment. Thank you to all the doctors who took good care of you. At 12:00 p.m., the doctor moved her from the ICU to a special room on her mother's side. The 4-year-old said she was worried about her baby not sleeping well. Last night, I asked the doctor for medicine to sleep. When I closed my eyes, the picture of my brother caught my eye. Looking at my face, I knew it was my brother. When I came to dissect the skull. I saw my face swollen, my face changed, I was stressed, I had pity for my child. Now the doctor gives medicine to reduce swelling. The symptoms are getting better and better, not very swollen, I want you to reduce the swelling gradually, go for a scan, I ask to see you normally"At this time, I am worried, a little stressed about the baby, because the child has a very deep wound, the blood vessels are torn, and the brain is swollen, I can't find the blood vessels. The doctor will send you to udon thani hospital for treatment. Your brain is still swollen, but it's likely to be delivered. This case is a children's case, it takes a short time to heal. It is not like the older child takes 14 days to heal, but the doctor will send it first, which the doctor said that he has seen this case and has already broken his brain."
67-year-old murdered 67-year-old with a purse|A 67-year-old woman who was killed in a 120-year-old robbery in front of her home revealed that before the incident, the victim went to watch television and talked to her sister. It wasn't until dawn that he was found dead. The police are confident that the culprit knows the movements of the victim and likes to carry money with him. But the deceased resisted, grabbing a knife and slashing his throat and carrying the suspected man in the village. Significant evidence of bloody clothes, knives and bags of the deceased were found tucked away in the residence. A 67-year-old grandmother has been charged with murder. Revealed at 7:00 a.m. on Oct. 11, Lt. Col. Twilight Yenjai, Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Pak Tho Police Station, Ratchaburi province, received a report of a robbery killing at house no. 1 Moo 4, T. Yang Hak. Report to the hierarchical supervisor, then go to check with Police Investigative Series Pak Tho Police Station, Pak Tho Hospital doctor, and The Pathom borom rajanusorn Foundation staff at the scene of the accident was a one-story wooden house. In front of the house, a body was found. Miss Kung Thongrai, 67 years old, homeowner The corpse was wearing a floral shirt and a brown short bag, lying on his left side. 1 stab wound to the chest and both hands with traces of sharp cuts and death for at least 6 hoursSPONSORED investigators learned that before the incident on the evening of October 10, 2019, the police had not been able to find out about the incident. The deceased walked to watch television and talked to his sister, the house was nearby. The sister gave her 120 baht to bring with her until the morning of the Temple of Pa Phu Wai, who came to receive the altar and saw the deceased lying in front of the house, thinking that she had fainted. He told his students to help but found him dead and immediately informed the chief of the house, before coordinating with the police to investigate. While the wallet that the deceased was carrying all the time disappeared, Lt. Col. Twilight. It was revealed that the culprit may have known that the deceased liked to carry money with him, but the deceased resisted being beaten to death. According to the investigation, the suspected man was found. There is a house 400 meters away from the accident site, the police went to check on Mr. Yai Sarasri, 49 years old, house no. 206 Moo 4, T. Yang Hak. Pak Tho, Ratchaburi province, is in a state of heavy drunkenness. Evidence of bloody clothes, a knife and a purse of the deceased were found in the house. The officers seized it as evidence and detained him for questioning. Police are preparing to file charges for further prosecution.
Commanders Pilot Handle Chiang Mai every sq.m. Pee Inspector Reassure the NCPO|Chiang Mai police pilot white police project, leading the line of deputy chiefs of police until protesting police throughout Chiang Mai to check pee to reassure the public that the police are drug-free. After the incident, a former policeman frantically shot a child at a children's center in Nong Bua Lamphu province, and if any police officers were found to be involved or trafficked, the case was brought to a decisive case on Oct. 12, 2022, at the Chiang Mai Provincial Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Thawatchai Pongwiwatchai Chiang Mai Police Chief leads a team of police officers to conduct urine tests from deputy commanders to superintendents of each police station in Chiang Mai to check for drugs according to the White Police Program before attending monthly meetings on drugs and crimes in the area. It was found that the results of each policeman's test were doubled, which was considered negative and did not contain any drugs, Pol. Maj. Gen. Thawatchai said. After the incident, a former policeman frantically shot the Uthai Sawan Children's Center. Na Klang Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province, causing many deaths, so in order to reassure the public, the Chiang Mai Provincial Police has conducted a urine test of all police officers, not at the level of their superiors. IN ORDER TO REASSURE THE PUBLIC THAT THE POLICE SERVING THE PUBLIC ARE DRUG-FREE, SPONSORED After this, urine tests for narcotics will be sent to each of the 38 police stations to test the urine of all 3,500 police officers of Chiang Mai province, which will be completed by this week. The police will then send them to treatment and disciplinary action will be taken. If the police are found to be involved in drugs or trades or support. If it is investigated or detected, there will be decisive prosecution in all cases, which we are law enforcement, who know, so we must uphold the law. Maintain a standard of work The police have been trying to break the cycle, trying to remove the traffickers from the area, the regular drug users are arrested and sent to therapy, however, all agencies have to come down to help work together, including therapy, community x-rays, to solve the drug problem in the community.
Chief Of Staff Deputy Chief of Staff - Narcotics Control Continue to build sustainable communities|"Chief Of Staff" Sends a strong signal, tightens the knots. Deputy Chief of Police - Chief of Staff - Station Offices nationwide announced the launch of the army to crack down on drugs, X-ray "drug users" green, yellow, and red to continue building sustainable communities with stability on October 12, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, chief of police, said in the policy presentation. Launched a training to create "hen teachers" to drive proactive policies to prevent drug suppression through the videoconference system. Commander (Chief) to Superintendent (Superintendent) Heads of Police Stations Nationwide There is an important message to signal the anti-drug policy, which the Police Chief announced as an urgent policy. The drug problem is a national security problem. It is considered a national crisis. It is a national agenda that we must help each other. I have already announced the policy since October 1, 2022, that I will strive The police chief said this year that he will continue to crack down on drugs in all dimensions, including intercepting smuggling, distribution and production. Take the abuser to therapy or prosecution. He said the police must visit the community to know the overall situation in the area. It requires a database, such as a crime system, to see which areas have had a lot of arrests in the past or which have been able to find a lot of drug users. The commander will drive himself, and he will drive, sitting at the head of the conference table of the Drug Enforcement Administration. THE NATIONAL POLICE SAID IT WOULD VISIT. Check drug work at both the regional and provincial levels, will go unannounced for a long time, and will go to the community area. Asked about the progress of the policy without prior notice, therefore, all areas must be done and be prepared to check at any time, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said that today the Royal Thai Police has trained in the search for drug users in the area. Create a "hen teacher" who can guide practitioners in other areas such as village patrols. The police must not work alone. Governments, community leaders, natural community leaders, public health volunteers, and public health officials helped each other in the search and system to see who was the problem at the green, yellow, and red levels, to take measures to solve the problem together with the person's family. We need to help each other. In addition to the community. In the workplace In a service facility, it cannot be ignored, it must be done in all dimensions in the area. I emphasize that you do it in your own space. Budgets are trying to get you what you need. I'm planning on asking for money. In regards to the search for eaters, local traders. Reiterating this policy signals that I take this matter very seriously. If the head of the unit, especially me, Not self-propelled Its propulsion will be slow. In addition, prizes will be awarded for those who are good role models. The reward for those who do a good job will be taken seriously, and the results will be seen quickly, the police chief said, adding that earlier in the year he had followed up with a team to examine sustainable communities. It was found that many sectors are still not doing well. There are no standards, while Provincial Police Region 1, Region 3 and Region 4 performed well beyond the standard. From now on, if any area scores less. It would be considered the disregard of the deputy commissioner responsible for drugs. Some stations can't find eaters at all. It shows that you made the wrong decision, the first button is wrong. Don't know if your community is suitable for sustainable communities? This is called free exhaustion, and I have to blame the director for the impaired work, and I am focused on the fight against drugs. If anyone knows they're not good at drugs. I can change my line of work. Whether it's a deputy commander, a deputy commander, or a station chief, if you think it's too heavy, ask to go to the service or stay in a specific area. I open up opportunities, because we need people to work with our hearts. Work for the people in need I believe that if you work, It is not to blame that the head of the unit is responsible for everything. If the deputy superintendent of the line of succession The anti-suppression line does not help, the gear is empty, the director can offer it. Proposed through the supervisors came in the appointment this time. If there's enough reason for the secret account, we'll move it for you, because the station chief also needs someone to work for you, and we understand each other." Pol. Gen. Damrongsak also said that it is a signal that we will work with intensity, but not stress, work happily because we want our work to be done. When the results come out, we'll be happy, so let's do it quickly, which areas are in the red group? The red-skinned eater was found talking to his family, and community leaders worked out a plan to stop the incident from going crazy. This is the solution from the beginning, and I want the police to sweep my house well. Check for police who may have deviated behavior related to drugs. The power must be cut off early in the wind. I sent a warning signal first, don't go to help, I have to prosecute, I have been sending warning signals since October 1, don't get involved with drugs. If it is violated, it must be taken decisively. Therefore, in each area, there are usually police officers involved. The bosses have to fulfill their duties. If he doesn't change his mind, still violates it, still does it, he has to be brave, he has to take action, he has to suggest that he can't do it without knowing what he's doing. Anyone involved in drug use must be randomly tested. Make it a white cop.  Pol. Gen. Damrongsak gave guidelines for sustainable community projects as projects that need to be taken seriously. Make sustainable communities as egg yolks. Make neighboring villages egg white to support the administrative department, kamnan, municipality to work efficiently. The most important thing I want to emphasize is the debriefing system. I am now coordinating with prosecutors to plan for a debriefing system that will lead to the arrest of vendors. By collecting evidence through eaters. Once the guidelines are clear, the policy will be given again: "Cracking down on drugs is a task that we have to help people who are suffering in every patch of grass, especially their families, whose children are addicted to drugs. We have to try to do it in all dimensions. Don't look at sustainable community work as the work of the governing body. IT'S ACTUALLY A PROACTIVE CRACKDOWN THAT WILL MAKE US TRULY AWARE OF PEOPLE INVOLVED IN DRUGS."
Pattaya police raid a popular pub 33 people were found searching their car and found guns and drugs.|Pattaya police raid a popular pub Many men and women are eating, drinking, having fun. 33 people were arrested and searched the car and found guns, ammunition and drugs. The case was handed over to the investigating officer at 01.50 a.m. on October 12, 2022, Lt. Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Pattaya City Police Chief, Lt. Col. Krirkrit Saiwan, Deputy Director of the Pattaya City Police Department. Police officers from Pattaya City Police Station, Chonburi province, inspected entertainment venues. Drivey Pub in Soi Kor phai Moo 10 T.Nongprue Bang Lamung, Chon Buri When I arrived, I found the pub was open, with more than 50 people drinking alcohol and smoking. Dance to the beat of the music. The officer then ordered the music to be turned off. The police found a zippered pack containing a powdery substance resembling a drug in a trash can under the table and a bag on the floor. Before detaining a total of 73 tourists and employees for drug testing at the Pattaya City Police Station. They also searched the interior of the traveler's car. A .38-caliber revolver and 6 rounds of ammunition were found, one Taurus brand, and seized as evidence. Preliminary examination of narcotic substances in the body. A total of 33 travelers, including 24 men and nine women, were found to have been arrested for possession of narcotics and firearms.
Director of Huaykwang Jang lung shot his wife, Dabka, left the world, concluded that he did not file criminal charges.|Illustrations from the Huaykwang Police Department's news file Specify the latter. A 60-year-old uncle accused of shooting his ex-wife in the parking lot of a condo shot herself. The investigating officer prepared to make a statement that he would not file criminal charges, but relatives of the deceased victims could still file civil lawsuits in case the police cordoned off a house in the area. M.1 Ban Phrao Subdistrict, Pa Payom District, Phatthalung Province, to arrest Mr. Sataporn Khaopuak or Pong, 60 years old, accused in the case of killing Mrs. Krongkamol Suksawat, 47 years old, his ex-wife. After investigating, Mr. Sataporn stayed in Bangkok for 1 day in Ramkhamhaeng. Before deciding to return home to Phatthalung province on Oct. 10, late in the evening by bus, Mr. Sataporn fled to the house. Mr. Sataporn decided to shoot himself dead inside the bathroom on the 2nd floor at Huai Khwang Police Station at 11.00 a.m. on October 12. After the accused shot herself dead, the investigating officer, Pa Payom Police Station, will be responsible for the case and autopsy, while in the criminal case where an arrest warrant was issued for the shooting of Mrs. Krongkamol, the investigating officer will gather evidence and have an opinion not to prosecute because the accused died. In criminal cases, the investigating officer will order not to sue because the accused is dead, but if the victim's relatives are addicted, they can sue for civil damages. He said that for the blockade and arrest of Mr. Sataporn, the police took control of the situation and followed Mr. Sataporn according to tactics. Relatives and police officers were brought in to persuade the accused to surrender, which took several hours, but in the end, the perpetrators decided to shoot him dead. Confirm that the police did not press in any way.
Bang chan police control "Ice Louis Vuitton" Accused of raping girl sent to court for detention|The police detained Mr. Pisit, or Ice. Kornkasem, 19, accused of raping a girl under the age of 15, depriving a minor and the Narcotics Act, sent to court for detention. He had a tense expression on his face. At 10.00 a.m. on October 12, 2022, police detained Mr. Pisit Kornkasem, or Ice, 19, accused of raping a girl under 15 years old and taking away a minor for obscenity. Forcibly molesting others to use drugs and offenses under the Narcotics Act to be detained before the Minburi Criminal Court. Mr. Pisit had a visibly tense expression on his face. There were no relatives waiting at bangchan police station, but Mr. Pisit refused to speak to the media.
4-year-old boy lying on a power outlet|The friend knocked on the door of the room, did not answer. Looking out the window, I saw a 4th year student of the Faculty of Political Science, Mr. Udon, lying with his legs hanging on the bed. Rescuers opened the door to see that he had died, both feet had burns. He was struck by a power outlet used to plug in a fan and a gaming tablet and was killed by a fire at 8:50 a.m. on October 12. Udon Thani Police Department received a report of a person who was killed by fire at a rented apartment. Therefore, along with the doctors of Udon Thani Hospital, volunteers from the Thammasat Foundation volunteered to investigate the scene of the accident. The body of Mr. Anand to Pengpan was found. 4th year student, Faculty of Political Science, Udon Thani Rajabhat University. Nonsabai, Udon Thani province, lying on his back in bed wearing a black T-shirt. Black shorts on the back of a tablet that was still playing games in bed. Both legs hang down. His left foot was on the floor, both feet were burned, and his phone was on a table near the bed. Checking the crime scene, no signs of fighting, all the property was intact. According to the autopsy, the death toll lasted more than about 12 hours. Mr. Songsak Homkrachai, 23, a friend of the deceased, testified that he and the deceased studied political science together and rented a house together but lived in different rooms. We rented this house for about 4 months for 3,000 baht a month. The last time the deceased was found. At about 15.00, they invited each other to eat, came back and went to the bedroom to rest because tomorrow they would take the exam, until about 5.30 p.m., chatted with the deceased, but the deceased did not answer, thought that he was asleep, at about 7.00 p.m., went to knock on the door and called the deceased, did not answer, and late at night went to knock on the door of the deceased's room again, but there was no response. So I went back to sleep. Mr. Sanguan Kanhathong, 60, a neighbour, said that this morning the deceased's friend came to tell his nephew that he knocked on the door and called the deceased and did not answer. He was found lying on his back on the bed, both feet were burned, so he thought the fire was shocking and he died, so he called the police. The deceased's left foot was found stepping on a power outlet that was later plugged in. The deceased had burns on his feet and went to unplug the power cord on the police side, presumably the deceased plugged in the fan. and tablets, and lying down to play games, and then accidentally stepping on a power cord or outlet that is damaged. As a result, the fire fell on his back after falling on the bed early yesterday evening, so the body was taken to forensic hospital Udon Thani to wait for relatives to receive the body for further charity service.
The drunken man confessed. I can't ask for money to buy liquor. Killed 67-year-old grandmother |The 67-year-old was arrested and killed by a drunken man in the village. He confessed to plowing money to buy liquor, but he was scolded back, so Zhuang stabbed him in the chest. Stabbed repeatedly and slashed in the neck, grabbed 870 baht and went back to wash blood stains, took a knife to hide, destroyed evidence from the murder on October 11, police said. Pak Tho Police Station, Ratchaburi province, participated in the funeral Miss Kung Thongrai, 67, died at the base of a power pole. In front of house no. 1 Moo 4 T. Yang Hak There were several sharp wounds. Later, the police detained Mr. Yai Sarasri, 49, a resident of the same village. The suspect killed the deceased. Along with the evidence found at the property, a knife with a total length of about 30 cm. 1 book, cash 870 baht, was found in the right front pocket of the suspect. He was questioned for more than 8 hours and denied that he was the one who killed him, and he was cornered with evidence of the knife used to commit the crime and the money of the deceased. He pleaded guilty to stabbing and slashing the deceased's throat with a knife in order to steal the deceased's money, the accused testified, "At about 8 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2022. While in a state of intoxication. The deceased was found walking back to the house and learned that the deceased had found cash with him. Therefore, he asked for money to buy liquor to eat, but the deceased did not give and scolded, so he used a knife to stab the left chest area 1 time, but the deceased still fought and tried to cry for help. He was stabbed once in the left elbow and 1 time in the left thigh for a total of 3 times before slashing the deceased's neck 2 times until the trachea was torn so that the deceased could be completely dead. He tried to clear the blood stains and hide the knife weapon, but because he was drunk, he was unable to destroy the evidence until he was eventually arrested by the police."
Two M-16s were found tucked under the car, seized from the Usman Salaemang network drug cartel.|Two M-16 guns and 47 rounds of ammunition were found under the saloon of the 3 Salaemang brothers, a major gang in the southern border, revealing that they fled to neighboring countries but continued to send drugs to Thailand to their relatives' networks. Surat Thani Police Department received a report from Maj. Gen. Sombat Suaysaeng. The Deputy Chief of Staff of Surat Thani Province and the Operation Team of the "Andaman Extension" operation team have detected firearms of war. Two M-16s were hidden in the central vehicle, which was seized on August 16, 2022. 1.4 million tablets of Phunphin Police Station, Surat Thani Province. Operation Andaman Region 8 conducted an expanded investigation in collaboration with the Provincial Police Region 9 to search and arrest according to the arrest warrant for money laundering from drugs according to the Andaman Operation Plan by bringing a warrant of Narathiwat Provincial Court No. 55/2565 dated August 15, 2022 to search the house no. 240/38, T. Yi-ngo. Yi-ngo District Narathiwat arrested Mr. Krishnanai Jitthanapat and Mr. Thanathorn Charoenwatcharakit 2, a father and son head of the house in Narathiwat province, and seized several items and a black Nissan sedan. Model Tiana, registration GAK 6991, Bangkok, sent to the investigating officer, Phunphin Police Station, for storage to be sent to the P.O.C. for asset laundering operations. On Oct. 11, police officers picked up the property and saloon from investigators at Phunphin Police Station on their way to Bangkok. There was a light problem, so I parked the car and checked the wires under the slide, but found that it was under the saloon of the middle. A red cloth appeared under the car. The officers were suspicious and found a secret compartment inside the saloon, and when they opened it, they found 2 M-16 firearms wrapped in red cloth hidden in it. Phunpin, in order to seize the latest report, informed that the officers of The Main Verification Center 8 inspected 2 firearms, found that the 1st barrel was a long gun (M-16 A1) brand COLT 5.56 mm, caliber length 36 cm, gun serial number 9124062 no gun registration mark was found, the 2nd gun was a long gun (M-16 A1) brand COLT 5.56 mm, barrel length 30 cm, gun serial number 4711773 no gun registration mark was found, 2 gun holsters loaded with 28 rounds of ammunition and 19 rounds, including 47 rounds of ammunition. The suspects who were arrested seized and seized the saloon until they found firearms belonging to the drug trafficking gang of Mr. Usman Salaemang, 44, a resident of Narathiwat province, a major drug dealer who was arrested by the P.P.S. and the B.C.C.C. and issued an arrest warrant and a bounty of 5 million baht. He is currently escaping arrest in a neighboring country, but continues to supply methamphetamine to Thailand. On October 14, 2021, the police of Phunphin Police Station, Surat Thani Province, arrested Mr. Rukman Waramana. Along with the guys who smuggled drugs into the Lower South. Seized 1.4 million methamphetamine pills The investigation expanded until it was discovered that the commander was Mr. Akararat Peerananpasakorn, who had changed his name from Mr. Amdam Salaemang, who was Mr. Usman's brother. Village Chief 7 Yi-ngo District Narathiwat or formerly known as Mr. Msawadee Saleemang, mr. Usman's eldest brother, seized the property until he found a firearm. Two guns were hidden in the saloon, where the three brothers were the main culprits in the drug trafficking movement in the southern border.
"Big Den" announces drug clearance, arrests 2 major cases, seizes 11.6 million methamphetamine pills|Police chief announces war on drugs, arrests 2 major cases, seizes 11.6 million methamphetamine tablets, 50 kilograms of ketamine, and expands the results to seize property to break the cycle at 2 p.m. on Oct. 12, 2022. Sarasin, Deputy Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, Assistant Deputy Commissioner and Deputy Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Sarayut Sanguanpokhai Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Phat Wisetsing Police officers and police officers Two major drug traffickers were arrested along with 11,684,000 methamphetamine pills, 50 kilograms of ketamine, 2 kilograms of ice, and seized property worth 1.5 million baht. The first case was found on October 4-6, when a group of convoys smuggled large quantities of narcotics from Chiang Rai province to deliver to customers. The police officers arrested include: Lt. Col. Boonsong Sondhayananon, 3rd Lt. Col. Chinthan Chittipatthapong S.W.Kg.1 The ARMY and the NCPO, THE POLICE, THE OFFICERS, and the integrated units intercepted the vehicle. The investigation found 2 suspects: 1. Mr. Tanupat Anantsiripitak and 2. Mr. Spysak Sae-kue, who is accused of the Hmong ethnic group. It is located along Sing Buri-Lopburi Road (311), Bang Nga Subdistrict, Tha Vung District, Lopburi Province, and Asian Road (32). Arrivals in Bangkok Ban Mo, Promburi Sing Buri with medium 33 sacks of methamphetamine, 3,250 bundles of methamphetamine, 6,500,000 ketamine tablets, packaged in green tea wraps. 25 sacks of 50 kilograms, 3 personal trucks, 3 mobile phones, 51,000 baht cashSPONSORED Investigating 2 accused who have a profession of "running vegetables", testified together with Mr Kiatpan Saesong, the fugitive. Hired to transport drugs from the Upper North region to deliver to customers in Phra Phutthabat area, Saraburi province, paid 200,000 baht. Initially, two charges were filed against "together with the fugitives. Distribution by means of the purpose of distribution of class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine or methamphetamine). This affects the security of the state or the safety of the general public, causing it to spread among the people and together with those who flee. sold for the unauthorized sale of class 2 active substances (ketamine)." Mr. Kiatpan Saesong, who escaped. There is an arrest warrant of the Mae Sot Provincial Court. Arrest Warrant No. 21/2014 dated 21 Aug 2014 On another charge of "murder". The police learned that Mr. Leng Sae-ma and his men were at Phra and Mae Sot districts in Tak province were involved in smuggling drugs from the northern region. On September 20, the accused used 3 personal trucks to smuggle large quantities of narcotics from Thoeng district. In order to deliver it to customers, the police officers monitored the vehicles that were notified. Later, on Oct. 8, Maj. Gen. Phaithoon Ngamlap, 1st Lt. Col., along with the Royal Thai Army, the Royal Thai Army, and the Integrated Units inspected all 3 cars passing through the area of Mae Sot District, Tak Province, continuing until the middle of the night on October 9. 5 kg However, the driver of the 3 cars drove through the barrier of the arresting police officer. Initially, one suspect, Mr. Leng Sae-ma, was arrested at the area. brake Along Road No. 12 (Tak-Sukhothai) Nam Rim District 2,592 bundles of methamphetamine, totaling 5,184,000 ice tablets, contained in 2 kilograms of green tea packageSPONSORED, personal truck, registration BOR 5606 Nakhon Sawan, personal truck, registration 633 Phitsanulok, 1 mobile phone brand Vivo, blue and black, cash 8,000 baht. Distribution by means of the purpose of distribution of class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine or methamphetamine). This will affect the security of the state or the safety of the general public, causing it to spread among the people." Gen. Damrongsak said the arrests were in accordance with Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's policies and directives. The Prime Minister urged all units to arrest drug traffickers and intercept drug shipments from neighboring countries. Not to enter the inner space and in the community. The police have a policy to have scans for drug addicts. To bring themselves into the treatment process at the Ministry of Public Health by searching for drug users, including those with risky behaviors, to be introduced into the treatment process. Those who are behaving or difficult to treat may need to be listed on a surveillance account as a random person who may cause harm in the area and may need to use a community network. To monitor to make prevention more effective and prevent potential incidents.  The Director-General said that in fiscal year 2022, the NCPO Drug seizure 175,288,083 methamphetamine pills, 7,472 kg of ice, 674 kg of heroin, 915 kg of ketamine and seizure of assets related to drug trafficking of over 1,519 million baht. Meanwhile, the Royal Thai Police seized drugs. 541,266,082 methamphetamine pills, 13,368 kg of ice, 794 kg of heroin, 1,650 kg of ketamine seized over 7,082 million baht in assets related to drug trafficking.
I can't catch it. Two young men stomping on thieves, filming a video for relatives to threaten to return the goods.|The two men carry the stolen suspects to investigate and stomp on themselves, threatening if they don't want to be stoned under the water to retrieve the stolen items and take the video to send to relatives. "I can't tell the police, I'd better deal with myself." Finally, relatives took the clip as evidence to report the case, and the person was seriously stomped on at 10.00 a.m. on October 11. Investigators have taken Mr. Arom Tone single, 42 years old, to the same house. And Mr. Theeradet Somjai, 49 years old, living in Moo 1, Nong Kwang Subdistrict. Ban Muang district, Sakon Nakhon province, came to interrogate after both of them carried Mr. Amarin (last name reserved), 26 years old, from home. Moo 4, Ban Lao A.Charoensilp Which is the residence of Mr. Amarin by stacking 3 with the car. Brand Honda Unregistered with accusations against Mr. Amarin Stealing a generator worth over 20,000 baht and borrowing a car. Honda Wave Black I can't remember the license plate number of Mr. Mood, who went several days earlier and refused to return the car, so he left. He denied being here until the evening of Oct. 10, when he went to Amarin's house and took him to a secluded place in Nong Kwang. In Ban Muang district, he was attacked by punching, kicking and stomping, and then filmed the attack on Mr. Amarin. In the clip, there is a cry of pain and the voice of Mr. Theeradej threatening all the time, "I told you not to go overboard and be hit by a rock." Ms. Narin, 24, the sister of the attacker, reported the case to the investigating officer, Charoensilp Police Station. On the evening of October 10, after seeing the video of his brother being attacked, Pol. Col. Payungsak Namwan, deputy chief of the Sakon Nakhon Police Department, rushed to help the injured person and arrested the 2 accused. THE TWO ACCUSED ALSO TESTIFIED. He said he would testify in court. The reporter asked why not report it to the police. Mr. Theeradesh said, "Can you report it and catch it? Tell me as an example, take it and do it this way. Initially, the police charged him with detention, restraint, or any act that deprived others of their liberty, punishable by imprisonment for not more than 5 years and a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht.
More catches Lieutenant Colonel Lieutenant Colonel Royal guns for sale to buy ice drugs|Khaki scandal caught more S.T.A. Paknam Ranong Police Station together with Mr. Dab S.P. Rajakrood Royal guns for sale The same purple pee fruit was found. The governor called for the royal guns to be counted throughout the province. After finding the police gang, at least 5 other team members were involved in the case of Lt. Col. Thapanat Chantab. Group Director Police in Ranong province seized 7 firearms from the armory room and searched the room on October 7 and found ice drugs, drug paraphernalia and narcotic substances in the body. Maj. Gen. Cherdpong Chewpreecha Ranong Police Department has ordered Dr. Thapanat Chantap to leave the government service and charged him with selling class 1 drugs (methamphetamine) for sale for commercial purposes and causing community spread, class 1 drugs (methamphetamine) in violation of the law, possession of ammunition that the registrar cannot issue a license to possess. 3 firearms, 1 M 4 carbine and 2 short pistols, and an arrest warrant was issued for 2 firearms buyers. According to the proposed news, progress on October 12, Maj. Gen. Cherdpong Chewpreecha Ranong police chief said that during the interrogation, Dr. Thapanat testified to his fellow police officers. One of the police officers, paknam ranong, said he brought the firearms he stole from the armory to sell, so he brought the police to investigate and tested positive for drugs in his body, Pol. Maj. Gen. Cherdpong said. The commissioner said. It is known that there are at least 4-5 police gangs in The Pathakorn group that have gathered to commit crimes and use drugs. We are currently in the process of gathering evidence to obtain a warrant for the arrest of the accused. Importantly, there are people who buy firearms from this group of policemen. In the case of trafficking thieves, the investigation is underway to gather evidence for the arrest of such persons for money laundering offenses, as well as to track down drug traffickers who the gang police have contacted to buy drugs with SPONSORED"Recently, they were able to track down 1 firearm, there are still 3 short pistols that cannot be traced back because they have been found to have been sold for several years, but we already know clues about all the remaining firearms and are preparing to issue an arrest warrant to detain the possessor. Immediately return all firearms to the provincial police. The count is currently under investigation as we do not know where this group of police officers committed the crime. We need to cut necrosis in order to maintain the image of the collective organization. Rest assured that there will be no bullying. However, if they commit an offence, they must take decisive action immediately," Pol Maj Gen Cherdpong said.
My brother was angry. The brother-in-law slapped his sister in the house. Grab the gun, fire the blackout.|A shooting occurred at a house in Sai Mai district. The young man was angry. The brother-in-law beats his sister in the house. Grabbing the gun, he threatened, but the bullet ricocheted and killed his brother-in-law. Before fleeing at 1:40 a.m. on October 13, 2022, Lt. Col. Pledge Jirandorn, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Kannayao Police Department received a report of a person who was shot and seriously injured. Inside a house on Soi Chatuchot 10, Au Ngoen Subdistrict, Sai Mai District, Bangkok, the police officers from Patrol 1, Patrol and Special Operations Division 191, Erawan rescuers and foundation staff were grateful for the scene deep at the end of the alley. The body of Suriya Thongbai, 39, was found wearing a black T-shirt and black shorts. Roy was shot with a bullet, lying unconscious on the floor of the house. Officers then tried to pump the heart, but to no avail, and later died. The perpetrator is Mr. Charin Niampan. The 33-year-old, who was riding a motorcycle and fled the scene after investigating whether Suriya was employed as a truck driver and had a wife at the house with two children. About 1 year and 5 months due to frequent assaults by the deceased Until today, before the incident, Mr. Suriya made almost 30 phone calls to his wife, but the woman did not receive it because she was already asleep. I saw my wife's friend with a short haircut resembling Tom. I was sleeping on the floor in the hallway because I was hanging out in the evening and I couldn't go home, so there was a misunderstanding. Pri went in and physically assaulted his wife who was sleeping in the other room and rushed out to see the incident and stopped Mr. Suriya, but to no avail. Mr. Charin, who is the brother of his wife, who lives in the bedroom of the same house, came out to witness the incident and shouted, "Come in and hit sister Gu in the house?" and told him to stop. Before the forensic officers examined the bullet head and sent the body to forensic medicine, the hospital conducted an autopsy.
The mother-in-law stabbed her mother-in-law's neck. My wife is terrible. The reason for the return of her daughter and grandchildren to her home.|The son-in-law brutally stabbed his mother-in-law's neck. My wife's teeth are terrible. After the incident, her daughter and grandchildren returned to their homes. The stabbing party wants to live with his wife in a rented house. At 7:20 p.m. on Oct. 12, 2022, Lt. Col. Theerawat Wangsaeng, Ph.D., was informed by Radio 191, Nan Provincial Police, that there was a family altercation and assault with a knife. The woman ran from the back of the rented house to ask for help in the middle of the road and fell into a pool of blood. Before the villagers who came together rushed to Phu Phiang Hospital, they reported to Lt. Col. Boonsong Nikorntaean, Ph.D., Ph.D., Lt. Col. Duangyuth Srisongsom Deputy Director of Investigation, Lt. Col. Somsak Thikham, Deputy Director of Investigation, Lt. Col. Siripong  Chaipanya, senator, along with a number of investigators. Investigators at the scene found a large pile of blood in the middle of the road in front of the rental house, and a long trail of blood dripping toward the side of the rented house. More than 20 metres away, a pile of blood clots was found in the grassy forest behind the house near where high heels were found. Therefore, the image was recorded as evidence with details. While inspecting the scene, the patrol officer, who was caring for the injured at Phu Phiang Hospital, informed that the attacker, Mrs. Chandi, had died. Maj. Gen. Piyapan Pattarapongsin Chief Of Staff After questioning witnesses at the scene, he learned that the rental house had A husband and wife with their 1-year-old daughter come to rent a place to live. 19 years old, House No. 181, Moo 1, T. Namtok Na Noi District, Nan Province His wife's name is Ms. Jiraporn Pan-oon, 18 years old, house number 185, Moo 4, T. Dupong. Santisuk, Nan province, will turn 19 years old tomorrow (October 13). The couple had a daughter together, aged 1 years. On the day of the incident, the evening passage Mrs. Chandi Pan-oon, 44, who is the mother-in-law, and Mr. Jirapong Pan-oon, 23, of House No. 185, Moo 4, T. Dupong. Santisuk District, Nan Province My wife and a friend drove from Santisuk district, about 40 kilometers from the scene of the accident, and when they arrived, they went to a nearby house and learned that Mr. Storm (son-in-law) and Ms. Jiraporn (daughter and granddaughter) were still in the rented room. The mother-in-law shouted for a long time, refusing to open the door. mother-in-law He started shouting that until his son-in-law couldn't stand it, opened the back door of the house and told them they would be together here, but Mrs. Chandi (mother-in-law) would take her daughter and granddaughter back to Santisuk District, causing a heated argument. The son-in-law then grabbed the knife and stabbed him in the side. Mr. Jirapong (Wife) He was seriously injured and stabbed in the throat of his mother-in-law before later dying due to the inability to endure the poison wound after the incident. The perpetrator drove away and surrendered. With weapons that caused the incident at Phu Phiang Police Station, ready to cry ho. But he didn't intentionally stab his mother-in-law to death. He also told his parents to bring their daughter to visit him in jail. Maj. Gen. Piyaphan Pattarapongsin Nan police received the report and came to inspect the crime scene and investigate the cause and motive. He ordered a urine test for drugs but did not find them, but the accused admitted to having used methamphetamine before. But the last time I did it was 7-8 days ago when I went back to my hometown in Na Noi district and drank alcohol. When asked why he killed, he said: Mr. Storm replied that it was not intentional. They got into a fight and got hit, so they grabbed a nearby knife and stabbed him, not knowing how many times or where he was. He pleaded guilty to committing the crime but not intending it. After the incident, he called his father to surrender him after Lt. Col. Theerawat Wangsaeng, Ph.D., Ph.D., Nan Province. He was initially charged with intentional homicide and assault causing bodily harm to another person and will be taken to the scene to plead guilty at the scene today to support the case and continue to comply with the law.
Villagers Prime Son Police officers chased the car. Assaulting a woman (video)|Prime Ball In Krabi, there is a frenzy, destroying belongings, physically harming others. Recently, a car was parked on the road, dragging a machete through the teeth of a car, repeatedly slashing a woman, injured in the past, having been involved in a chase into a villager's car, after a year of no progress, the case is still pending in the prosecutor's office on Oct. 13. A video of the incident was shared. Having a frenzy driving a Toyota pickup truck at one point The driver of the car, carrying a machete, chased down the car of a villager. In the video, a young woman wearing an orange shirt, who is a relative of the perpetrator, can be seen trying to stop the attacker, but the perpetrator does not listen, before running with a machete to chase the girl. About 50 meters away from the spot, he suffered a facial injury, which was captured by CCTV. The incident occurred on the evening of Oct. 12. Ban Khuan-Kuan Muang Road Area Moo 8, Khao Din District Khao Phanom district, Krabi province, after the incident The injured woman reported to the Police Station. Ms. Kitiya Petchlek, 33, who lives at 39 Moo 8, Khao Din, who was the injured victim, was struck by a machete in her left cheekbone with a 5 cm long wound. He then picked up his phone and recorded the clip, and the man saw him running in and attacking him with a machete, injuring his left cheekbone. Now there is pain, swelling. AFTER THE INCIDENT, HE WENT TO THE KHAO PHANOM POLICE STATION TO PROSECUTE THE CASE TO THE END AND WANTED THE POLICE TO TAKE IT SERIOUSLY. A 49-year-old man who owns a pickup truck that was damaged by his teeth. On the right side of the truck, he said he drove past the spot on the day of the incident. Meet this man, who was later known to be the prime minister's son. The local police officers chased the villagers' cars before trying to slash their cars. The man claimed that he stole the palm, and then he was shocked, so he took out a machete in the car, causing the man not to dare to come in again, but when he got into the car, he was about to drive away, he was hit by a tooth that hit the tailgate, causing damage. The police officer attacked the villagers and the investigators were informed. We are currently waiting for a doctor's examination and re-examining the victim. Then there will be an opinion on whether it was a violent act and summon the accused to acknowledge the allegations. Insisted that even if it was the prime minister's child. The reporter also reported that in addition to the incident that occurred on the evening of October 12, in June 2021, the same man also used to drive a pickup truck and chase a car. Villagers inside a gas station in Moo 3, Ban Chang died. The victims The CCTV footage in the pump was taken to Khao Phanom Police Station, but the case did not progress. Polsit, 46, the father of the owner of the car that was hit, said that on June 23, 2021, his son rode past in front of his son's house. That was before the prime minister's son. He drove his pickup truck and crashed into a gas station, according to CCTV footage, which was intended to take his son's life, but the case is currently in prosecutor's office. Even though it's been over a year.
Haunting, frantic, thinking of being killed by someone after him. Stabbing his girlfriend Pang to death|Sattahip Police The bastard is haunted that someone is going to kill him. Using scissors, Zhuang stabbed his girlfriend to death and held him in the bathroom as a hostage. Having broken down the door to help out in an injured state, angry relatives stomped on it. Do you have any drugs for a medical examination? At 4 p.m. on Oct. 13, 2022. Deputy Inspector General Jiraya Thongchoi received a report of a man who was seriously injured in the house. Inside the house at 71/12 Soi Sattahip Sukhumvit 13 Moo 4 Sattahip Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chonburi Province After receiving the notification, they checked and coordinated with the police force together with the rescue personnel of Sawang Rojana Thammasat Sattahip Foundation. The scene of the incident was a gated one-story cement house. On the floor in front of the house, a large pile of blood was found. The perpetrator, Mr. Somwang Sang-udom, 33, was in a frenzy, shouting that he had been killed by a man and arrested. Ms Rungthiwa, 30, her injured girlfriend, was taken hostage in the bathroom and police spent more than 30 minutes trying to seduce her but to no avail. Before deciding to use a bulletproof shield Break through the door and get close to the perpetrator. Able to arrest and rescue the injured person successfully. A 9-centimeter-long kitchen knife was found on the bathroom floor. Gardener There were 1 stab wound to the right neck, 2 wounds to the right breast and 1 wound to the right rib, for a total of 5 wounds. The Navy Medical Department sponsored the attackers, while detained by police officers at the scene, and clashes broke out when the injured brother. There was anger, shouting profanity, trying to physically assault the perpetrator. Officers are required to intervene in the inquiry. Ms. Kristi Jongrattanadee, 50, mother of the injured The owner of the house revealed that his daughter had been in a relationship with the perpetrator for about 4 months before the incident, the boyfriend came to the house with a frenzy, hallucinated and saw someone come to kill and use scissors to stab his daughter in the front of the house before dragging her into the house. Whether or not it is drug-related is under investigation.
The last two bodies were cremated. Oscar and dad I'm crying, my heart is broken.|The last two bodies from the world shock incident Shooting in a children's development center Uthaisawan District Oscar and his father, who is a mechanic, performed the funeral ceremony by burning on the foot of the sediment, where both mother and wife wept tears in their eyes at 11.00 a.m. on October 13 at The Majchim Bodhikaram Temple. Ban Kut Phae The funeral of Mr. Santi Pratumchai, or Chang Aad, with the boy Panuchit Pratumchai or Oscar at 2.30 p.m. For Mr. Santi, a mechanic at Uthaisawan Police Station, the day of the shooting death was in front of the Uthai Sawan Child Development Center near his son at 2.30 pm. The father-son fire ceremony begins with a guest of honor. The elder relatives laid down the requiem cloth. After that, it is a reading of the history of the deceased. The incident occurred when Mr. Supoj Jindangern THE HOST, WHO ACTS AS A HISTORY READER, READS A POEM DESCRIBING THE FEELINGS OF HIS WIFE AND MOTHER WHEN HE LEARNS OF THE LOSS, AND THIS MALE HOST READS ONLY 2-3 LINES, SHEDS TEARS UNTIL HE CONTINUES TO READ, NOT HAVING TO CALL HIS FEMALE TEACHER'S PUPILS TO READ MORE, BUT IT IS ALMOST THE SAME BECAUSE AFTER READING FOR A WHILE, THE SAME SYMPTOMS OCCUR, BUT GATHER CONSCIOUSNESS TO READ UNTIL THE END, THEN LAY FLOWERS IN FRONT OF THE FUNERAL. Teacher Patcharee The technician's wife and Oscar's mother stood and watched until the lights flashed, and the woman who lost both her husband and son cried until her friend came to comfort the reporter. Relatives have released a number of "arachnids". These are the toys of the boy Panuchit, or Oscar, who is raised to tie a rope to his leg and let him fly. Oscar Follow your father to buy "arachnids" or "beetles" at Uthai Sawan District Office because he knows that there are arachnids perched on the trees nearby. For the bones of 2 fathers and sons, relatives will come to the collection ceremony tomorrow at 04.00 a.m. and make alms offerings to dedicate to charity. 
Police arrested 9 cars in preparation for crossing the Mekong via Chiang Rai in exchange for drugs. |After investigating, a driver entered the area to cross the border in exchange for drugs, a total of 9 cars were arrested and 7 drivers were arrested, claiming that they were only hired to drive for 2,500 baht each at 2 p.m. on Oct. 13. Chiang Khong of Chiang Rai Province Lt. Col. Krisada Jaikaew, Deputy Director of TCHOD 32, said that 9 cars were seized and 7 drivers were arrested as they were informed. Along the Mekong River, Chiang Khong district, Chiang Rai province, together with Lt. Col. Sathit Thammason. Lieutenant Governor 326 326 Boonruang Police Station, Chiang Khong Police Station, Chiang Khong Police Department, patrolled the area and found a 4-door pickup truck and several suspected Fortuner vehicles following through the area. Boonruang police officers headed to Chiang Khong police station, so officers chased them to the roadside area next to Wat Joco. Moo 10, T. Wiang, Chiang Khong, found a 4-door pickup truck, a white Toyota, registration P.T. 6542, Songkhla, a 4-door Toyota pickup truck. Hilux Revo grey model, registration no. 8516 Chonburi, and the driver escaped in the darkness. The seizure officers then conducted a joint search of the two cars and found no illegal items. In the second case, the officers found the suspect vehicle as informed by pursuing a 4-door Hilux Revo Toyota gray pickup truck, registration number 8516, Chonburi, to intercept at the intersection of Ban Thung Ngiu red light near Wat Joco, Moo 10, T. Wiang, Chiang Khong. Car 2: Seizure of Toyota Model Fortuner, white and gray, registration 7 Kwa 3415, Bangkok, with Mr. Thanawat Sae-yang, 38 years old, 419 Moo 6, Saikhao Subdistrict, Phan District. Chiang Rai is the driver. 3rd car, 4-door pickup truck, Toyota, white, registration GHA 6602, Bangkok Mr. Saksri Sae Tien, 38 years old, 275 Moo 7, Muang Yai The two drivers confessed to being hired to drive to the Chiang Khong border only and followed the procession of 14 cars, the rest of whom managed to escape after being arrested. Case 3: The officers inspected the Channipa Resort Hotel. Ban Mai That Thong Moo 16, Tambon Sathan, Chiang Khong District, found 5 pickup trucks parked, the first of which was a pickup truck 4. Toyota Hilux Revo Door, white, registration bitter 3046 Khon Kaen, has Mr. Juan Sae-mi, 21 years old, living at 356 Moo 4, Mae Salong Subdistrict, Mae Fah Luang District. Chiang Rai is the driver of the 2nd car, Toyota 4-door pickup truck, model Vigo-D, white, registration Korj 6604, Sukhothai, with Mr. Naphat Saenliao, 24 years old, located at 48/8 Moo 8, T. Chilek. Mae Taeng, Chiang Mai, is the driver of car 3. 26 years old, living at 377 Moo 6, Sai Khao Subdistrict, Phan District. Chiang Rai is the 4th driver. 4-door pickup truck Toyota Hilux Vigo white registration Ngcha 3495 Chonburi with Mr. Ale Saenliao, 36 years old, at house no. 51 Moo 21 Mae Khao Tom Subdistrict, Mueang Chiang Rai District, Chiang Rai Province, as the driver of the 5th car 4-door pickup truck Toyota Model Hilux Vigo gray, registration 6 กศ 6308 Bangkok, with Mr. Abe Chayang, 36 years old, at house no. 187 Moo 4, Mae Salong Subdistrict, Mae Fah Luang District. Chiang Rai is the driver from checking the name of the occupant of the car does not match the driver. The five drivers testified that they were hired to drive from Chiang Rai to the area. And there will be people to pick up the car. At a cost of 2,500 baht per person, the search did not find any illegal items. Chiang Khong police investigated whether the car was stolen.
Almost no escape, new victim, psychopathic killer, imprisoned and tortured woman. 9 broken ribs found |A young psychopath deceives a woman into imprisoning, tormenting her to death. The new victim almost did not survive, was beaten with a broken nose and 9 broken ribs. It reveals that the villains are homosexual, sell themselves to men and like to hurt women. The restaurant vendor said. The accused has no doubts at all. Looks normally cheerful. I can't believe it's a murderer, holding a woman in jail and beating her to death. Another victim is believed to have been killed on Oct. 13, a reporter in Phatthalung province reported. Central Bureau of Investigation Raids and arrests Mr. Thanadej or Ruj Kaew Range, 27 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Taling Chan Criminal Court No. 473/2565 dated September 29, 2022, who is accused of committing the offense of "injuring another person to the point of causing death by torture or cruelty". In a room in one of the apartments. T.KhuhaSawan And was able to help Ms. Noey (pseudonym), 31, a resident of Lamphun province, who was in the room in the condition of being attacked. He was injured and had bruises on his body, his face swollen and bruised to deform, and he arrested Mr. Thanadej and helped Ms. Noey to be transported to Phatthalung Hospital. The incident occurred on the evening of October 12. Dr. Charung Boonkarn, director of Phatthalung Hospital, told reporters while checking on the girl's condition at the women's surgery ward. Phatthalung Hospital said the female patient was feeling well but suffered multiple bodily injuries, a broken nose and a traumatic brain injury. 9 ribs were broken, including 3 on the right, 6 on the left, and 3 fractures in the spine at the waist level. The hospital has mobilized a team of knowledgeable doctors. Specialized ability to take care of the full extent, such as orthopedic surgeons. The facial surgeon expects to take at least 3-4 weeks to heal, while the swelling in the face is caused by bruises on the broken nose. Nine broken ribs, the broken ribs did not prick the internal organs, causing blood in the abdomen. However, if there is a repeat of the action in the ribs, it may cause the ribs to stab internal organs such as the lungs, causing the death of the injured person. Now there are relatives traveling from Lamphun province to take care of this patient," Ms. Noey said after staying in the apartment. The food he (the accused) bought was to eat for lunch, the men would go out to work as usual. He is thought to have sold himself to a man. He will be on the offensive, will send pictures of his genitals to customers, and receive money from customers about 100-200 baht at a time, and will likely take drugs. Most of the time he would eat when he played slot games, but he didn't know what slot games were like. The part that I knew about this man came from contacting me on Facebook because he likes to collect friends. A fight ensued, leading to something bad that eventually happened to him as the owner of the property at the scene. Confirm that the past The people in the apartment have never heard the sound of physical assault in the room or the shouting for help, probably because the 3rd floor where Mr. Thanadej is staying is in the last room on the 3rd floor, which will not be attached to the tenants of other rooms. And I never even saw Mr. Thanadej take Mr. Noey up and down the apartment, I think Mr. Thanadej has always been alone, and I found out yesterday that I was shocked that the police of the Police Division went up and arrested Mr. Thanadej on the apartment, which he cooperated well with the authorities. I don't think Ms. Butters, a young woman she had seen in the early days, would be locked inside her apartment. When I saw the bulging and swollen face from being attacked so hard, I was very sorry. I want the police to help prosecute the case to the end. I'm so sorry that something like this happened in my apartment. If I knew, I wouldn't let this happen. Luckily, the police raided and caught them first. If it was too late, Ms. Buttery could have died, while the owner of an a la carte restaurant said the accused stopped by the restaurant every day because she was attracted to the delicious crispy pork. Every time I came, I never brought the woman down with me, but I ordered 1 more box of rice, claiming to give it to my girlfriend in the room, believing that there may be more than 1 victim because I had overheard the accused chatting and talking on the phone with Gig all the time I was sitting at the restaurant." He is cheerful, fun, sometimes sitting down to eat, he will chat and talk on the phone with other girls and pretend to say, "Hey, let's talk to Gig first, and you will see the accused. Always call the girl before giving the rice to his girlfriend. One day, I heard him say to the girl on the phone, "Do you want to see me?" If you want to see You can make an appointment for me. I'm going to see you now, who believes that it is not Ms. Buttery who has been lured by the accused and may have been a victim of other women. When you know the history of a kite-tailed crime, it's incredible because he's living a very normal life and there's no doubt like someone who's running away from a case."
Shot to the ground, extinguished by his former brother-in-law. My wife scolded, beating her sister.|Singha truck to murder, call wife 30 more than 30 calls, do not answer, raid the house in Sai Mai district. After my wife separated for more than a year and a half because she couldn't stand being beaten, she became even more poignant because she saw her wife's friend with a short haircut similar to Tom sleeping in the middle of the house. Jealousy sprang up, because he mistakenly tried to get down the wood until his wife heard it. In the end, the brother and wife, who were staying together, came out and used a gun to fire 2 shots to the ground, threatening to stop, but 1 shot ricocheted into the frame of the former brother-in-law, who died. Mya flees after her sister shot her ex-brother-in-law. It was revealed at 1:40 a.m. on Oct. 13. Kannayao Police Department received a report of a fatal shooting at a house at 1/2 Soi Chatuchot 10, Chatuchot Road, Au Ngoen Subdistrict, Sai Mai District, Bangkok. Officers of the Forensic Medicine Division, the police hospital, and volunteers from the Foundation were grateful at the scene of the incident, which was a one-story house, where the body of Mr. Suriya Thongbai, 39, was found wearing a black T-shirt and black shorts. The 33-year-old, who was riding a motorcycle, fled the scene after investigating whether the deceased Suriya was employed as a truck driver and had been living with his wife at home for several years. They had 2 children, but Mr. Suriya had a habit of scolding and attacking his wife frequently, causing the 2 to be separated for about 1 year and 5 months. Suriya stormed into the house and opened the door. I saw my wife's friend, who had a short haircut similar to Tom, sleeping on the floor in the hallway, because on the evening of Oct. 12, they were drinking and socializing until they couldn't go home. This misleads Mr. Suriya with jealousy. Prie went in and physically assaulted his wife, who was lying in the room, rushing out to see it and stop it, but to no avail. PHYSICALLY ASSAULTED BY SPONSORED EVEN MR. CHARIN. His brother and wife, who were staying together in the house where the incident occurred, heard a noise and witnessed the incident in which Suriya physically assaulted his sister. Yelling at the deceased, "Did you hit sister Gu in the house?" and told him to stop the action and fired two shots to the ground, but one bullet ricocheted off the edge of the frame and injured him. Erawan rescuers were called to pump his heart but later died. Initially, the officers were in the process of interrogating witnesses, and the relatives asked Mr. Charin to surrender for further legal proceedings.
Catch the host bar, brutally kill the fan. Plus, the girls are dead.|Phatthalung Police Department assists The victim, a lampoon girl, after being attacked by a bar host known through a dating app, invited to ride the train to meet. Using a plate of rice to throw his face, pour soup over his head, claim to look at another man, then drag himself to a room in the city center, detained, beaten until his face is deformed, 10 ribs are broken, the victim reveals that when the accused is drunk with methamphetamine, he will be abused so hard that he thinks he will die in this room. 3 months ago, he killed his girlfriend in a rented house in the thana district and fled to the victim, teaching the girl to beware of Satan lurking in the form of a goddess from a dating app. It was unveiled at 10:30 a.m. on Oct. 13 at the Pracha Arak Building. Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Director general Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel Lt. Col. Pattanasak Bubphasuwan Lt. Col. Pornsak Laurujiralai, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Col. Warisorn Majcha, Deputy Chief of Staff, 6th Army, jointly announced the arrest of Mr. Thanadej or Ruj Kaewsaeng, 27 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Taling Chan Criminal Court dated July 29, 2022. Charges of injuring another person causing death by torture or cruelty were arrested at a room in Somboon Mansion. T.KhuhaSawan Lt. Gen. Jirapop said on July 21, 2022. Bang Yi Khan Police Department received a report of a body found. Miss Kamonnet Lamool, 26, a resident of Amnat Charoen province, died in a rented house no. 112/18, Arun Amarin Subdistrict, Bangkok Noi District. The condition of the corpse was physically abused. Fractured skull, bleeding under the cortex, fractured spine, broken ribs. The couple knew each other through a dating app before being persuaded to live together, but during their one-month stay together, Mr. Thanadej had a habit of confining the deceased in his room and then using physical force to kill him. BEFORE ESCAPING, HE SAID: Pol. Col. Pongpanat Chukaew, 6th Lt. Col., learned that Mr. Thanadej had fled to rent a room in Phatthalung province with another young victim. Miss Noey (pseudonym), aged 31, a resident of Lamphun province, was detained and seriously injured as well. Bring forces to the area, plan to arrest and help. She was taken to a hospital in Phatthalung province. The doctor was taken to the ICU. Initially, it was found that there were bruises on the body. His face was swollen and bruised, his nose was broken, and dozens of ribs were broken in the left and right ribs, the police chief said. Ms. Noey learned that she knew Mr. Thanadej through a dating app before buying a train ticket to come to Phatthalung. Say you love and want to meet. When he arrived, he took him to eat at the market, during which Mr. Thanadej became jealous, found Ms. Buttery, looked at the other man, took a plate of rice, threw it in his face, poured soup over his head, and dragged him to his room in the mansion. Detained in a room to prevent them from going out, confiscating their cell phones from contacting anyone, and assaulting them continuously for more than a month until the officers came to the rescue, the victim admitted that he "thought he would end his life in this room, he did not think he could survive". He took at least 10 methamphetamine pills each day and was found to have been using drugs for more than 10 years. It was found that there were contaminated drugs in the body, Lt. Gen. Jiradej said, adding that background checks were conducted on the accused. The 57-year-old was charged with possession of narcotics at The Palace Police Station in '58, and was charged with drug possession at Bang Yi Khan Police Station in '59. The court sentenced him to 10 years and 16 months in prison, received a reduced sentence, was actually imprisoned for 5 years and 10 months before being acquitted in January 2021, and worked as a waitress at a host bar before repeating the case. Mr. Thanadej pleaded guilty to inattention. It was done out of jealousy. I can't control my emotions. The officers were not convinced because the investigation revealed that they often chatted with young women by telling them they loved and asking for a meeting. When a woman is believed to be detained in a hotel room and then commits an assault, it is possible that there may be several other victims who have been subjected to this type of act. Take the transmitter The Bang Yi Khan Police Department also reported that before the police arrested Mr. Thanadej and assisted. Ms. Buttery, the latest victim, has been arrested. On September 14, Ms. Buttery's mother called the Pavena Hongsakul Foundation for Children and Women for help to inform her that Ms. Buttery had disappeared from her home since September 6, expecting to be seduced by a man known on Facebook because she had received death threats and nude pictures of her daughter who had been injured by the culprit. The Police Commissioner has assigned Pol. Col. Pongpanat Chukaew, 6th Lt. Col. To follow up on the case until arresting the accused who escaped the murder of a young woman 3 months ago. Ms. Buttery, who was seriously injured, had to be admitted to the ICU and thanked the police. Ban Hong Police Station, Lamphun Province Provincial Police Region 5, Phatthalung Provincial Police and all police departments that have been monitoring the case, and the symptoms of Ms. Buttery initially showed that the right ribs 5-7 were broken, the left ribs 5-10 were broken, the spine was broken, and the spleen was injured level 1. Phatthalung Hospital is currently undergoing a thorough physical examination and providing close care. It was reported that when Ms. Buttery's mother learned of her daughter's condition, she released Ho. Mrs. Pavena took solace and will be visiting her daughter soon.
Drug cartels break through the checkpoints. 1 seized 4 million methamphetamine pills.|Police officers join forces to snatch M.M.2 K.K. Pha Muang clashed with methamphetamine cartel after driving through a checkpoint before fleeing and finally firing a gun at Wang to open the way, being caught by 1 extraordinary person with 4 million methamphetamine pills at 20.00 on October 13, 2022. - 2.3.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2. The NCPO joined forces with the 2nd Cavalry Regiment Task Force Pha Muang under the command of Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai. Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Suparuek Sathapornphol Lieutenant Colonel Phamuang, Maj. Gen. Komsit Rangsai P.O.S.3 Maj. Gen. Duldecha Ashwasmikul Chief Of Staff, Chiang Rai Province Col. Natee Timsen 2nd Lieutenant Commander Lt. Col. Rattapol Noichangkid, Director of the Police Department, Chiang Rai Province Pol. Col. Peerapat Boonphut, director of the Bandu Police Department, has set up an extraction checkpoint on Phaholyothin Road, near Big C Department Store. Ban Du District It wasn't until 11 p.m. that a four-door pickup truck was detected. Isuzu brand, silver bronze, D-MAX model, registration Kors 2686 Chiang Rai, drove past, so he signaled for a search, but the car drove away. THEREFORE, THEY PURSUED SPONSORED UNTIL THEY PASSED BAN DU FRESH MARKET TO THE AREA NEAR THE MOUTH OF THE ALLEY. Santi House Moo 4 Soi 3 T.Bandu The officers drove to intercept it. This caused the vehicle to crash. The driver of the vehicle then used a firearm to shoot at the officers, causing a three-minute collision that killed the driver of the pickup truck. 1 corpse was hit in the back and 1 shot in the chin, and 1 passenger was arrested, known as Mr. Ja-tho Chanu, 34 years old, a resident of Pa Taueng District. Mae Chan district, Chiang Rai province, with a pistol. After inspecting the interior of the pickup truck, they found 20 backpacks containing class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine) hidden inside the cabin, amounting to approximately 4,000,000 tablets. Authorities have learned that large quantities of narcotics will be transported in the border area. Mae Fah Luang Mae Chan district, Chiang Rai province, to enter the inner part of the country. Therefore, they searched the news until they learned that the group would take the Phaholyothin route through the area. Ban Du District To enter the inner areas of the country. The officers then set up a checkpoint until they found the suspect vehicle and the collision occurred. The officers initially filed charges of "possession of class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine) without authorization causing spread among the public and affecting the security of the state or the safety of the general public, fighting, obstructing and attempting to kill an officer who claimed to be carrying out his duties, possessing firearms and ammunition without permission, carrying firearms in public villages without reasonable cause and without permission". Continue with the legal process.
Lieutenant Colonel Wing 41 shot his neighbor. Repeated disciplinary-criminal teeth|"Air Force" ready to send "Air Force" An altercation ensued, shooting a neighbor and injuring a "lieutenant colonel". He ordered legal and disciplinary action and cooperated with the police, while "41 Squadron" expressed regret over the incident. Criminal prosecution and the establishment of a fact-finding committee on October 14, 2022, Maj. Gen. Boonlert Andara Air Force spokesman Revealing the case of air force officials The attacker was shot and injured in San Sai district, Chiang Mai province, saying that the initial investigation revealed that the attacker was an Air Force officer under the 41st Airborne Division in Chiang Mai province. Lieutenant General Alongkorn Wannath The Air Force Commander has received the report and has directed those involved to cooperate fully with the police in implementing legal procedures without protecting the perpetrators. It's not. The agency has assigned the commanders of the perpetrators and the officers of the Royal Thai Navy to attend the judicial investigation and closely coordinate details with the police, an Air Force spokesman said. He added that although the matter is personal, as an agency, we would like to express our condolences for the incident. In addition to criminal prosecution. A committee will be set up to investigate the facts. To take disciplinary action in accordance with the relevant regulations. However, if the results of the investigation are found to be true, they will be subject to disciplinary action without omission. THE AIR FORCE COMMANDER HAS STRESSED THAT THE HEAD OF THE UNIT SUPERVISES THE PERSONNEL TO BEHAVE IN A DISCIPLINED MANNER AND STRICTLY COMPLY WITH THE LAW.
Police add 2 charges against "bastard" Recently, the young victim was out of danger.|"Commander Phatthalung" visits the victim who was "bastard" serial killer Assault, detention in a room Police are preparing to file two more charges while the patient is out of danger but still needs to be treated at Phatthalung Hospital amid the security of the authorities on October 14, 2022, after police raided and arrested Thanadej Kaewsong or Ruj, 27, a serial killer who was recently acquitted of manslaughter in 2021 and killed his girlfriend in his room. Bangkok Noi died. 4 months ago Police later learned that Mr. Thanadej had fled south and hid inside a mansion. Area Khuha Sawan Therefore, he was arrested, but when he arrived, the officers found him. Another 31-year-old woman was beaten by Mr. Thanadej with a swollen face and was also locked in her room. Mr. Thanadej The police sent him to Bangkok to the Suppression Division last night, when a reporter asked Dr. Charung Boonkarn, director of Phatthalung Hospital, to give information that Ms. Noey had been arrested. The condition is now safe, but he is still being monitored and hospitalized for about a month. Ms. Buttery was found to have been attacked by the attacker, including bruises, broken nose, ribs on both the left and right sides, a total of 9 broken ribs, and a spine. 3 fractures caused by the attackers kicking, punching, punching in the face and stomping for several days. After this, the doctor will come to take care of the patient and bring a psychiatrist to help him rehabilitate his mental state. According to the proposed news, sponsored by Maj. Gen. Tanit Ramdit. Phatthalung police officer with them visited Ms. Noey (pseudonym) A girl who has been detained by a brutal killer who is lured to a local mansion. Khuhasawan Subdistrict, Muang District, Phatthalung Province at the Women's Surgery Hall Phatthalung Hospital said the victim's condition had improved accordingly. The doctor is closely supervised by the case in Phatthalung province. After the police took the accused. Mr. Thanadej Kaewsong or Ruj, 27 years old, went to investigate. Bang Yi Khan Police Department, in the case of the investigating officer, Phatthalung City Police Department. We are gathering evidence, investigating the victims, preparing to issue arrest warrants for Mr. Thanadej on 2 additional charges, including: After the court issued an arrest warrant, he will be suspended from Bang Yi Khan Police Station for further investigation and prosecution. Meanwhile, in order to take care of the safety at Phatthalung Hospital, the police officers were asked to take care of the safety The Phatthalung Police Department is constantly monitoring the safety of the victims as well for Mr. Ruj or Mr. Thanadej Kaewsong. A psychopathic killer uses a method of luring his victims through social media on dating apps, and when the victim comes to him, he is detained and physically abused and has done so with several young women.  
Detective No. 7 A young man fatally shot 13 children before fleeing to a rented house.|Police say 7 suspects pulled a .38-caliber gun at 13 children and seriously injured two at Wat Chalo Pier before fleeing to rent a house on Freedom Road despite trying to climb the roof hoping to escape. But he did not survive because he was surrounded by police on all routes at 10.30 a.m. on Oct. 14, 2022. Lt. Col. Kraiwit Unsongtriphop, 7th Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Sawat Phakdee, Deputy Chief of Staff, 7th Army Arrested. Mr. Asira Leamkhanthong or "Bas", 31 years old, accused according to the arrest warrant of nonthaburi provincial court. No. 388/2565 dated 29 Jul 22 Charges include attempted murder, possession of firearms and ammunition without authorization, carrying firearms in a town or village in a public way without permission and without reasonable cause. He was arrested at a rented house at No. 41 inside Soi Wat Pradittharam (Wat Mon), Isaraphap Road, Hiranruji Subdistrict, Thonburi District. The arrest was made on July 29. The accused, Mr. Sira, used a .38-caliber Thai firearm to shoot a group of youths. 6 shots at Wat Chalo pier Bang Kruai District, Nonthaburi Province As a result, 2 people were injured: 13-year-old Dr. Cho Nok (pseudonym) was hit by a gunshot wound to the left cheek and 13-year-old Dr. Cho Rong (pseudonym) was hit in the middle of the back by a gunshot through the lung. Later, when the arresting officers learned that the accused Mr. Sira had fled in a rented house in the area, Bok No. 7 took the force with a warrant to follow up and arrest him. When Mr. Sira saw the police officers, he ran away, climbing the roofs of the villagers in the area without thinking, but finally escaped. MR. SIRA SURRENDERED THE AMOUNT, BUT BY D. SPONSORED FROM THE INVESTIGATION. Mr. Sira admitted to being the actual perpetrator of the shooting because on the day of the incident, there were partisans to sue him that the parties had stolen the car of Yamaha Model N-Mec, so he volunteered to follow up in order to reclaim the car. When I got to the scene of the accident at Wat Chalo pier. I saw a group of dozens of people sitting around. Some of them, armed with knives, attacked him, so he had to pull out a .38-caliber firearm and fired 6 shots in self-defense, not knowing who the bullets were before fleeing the area until he was arrested. The owner of the gun was also taken by a police officer. Bangkok Noi police arrested him for possession of a contraband firearm and wanted to apologize to the parents of the injured, which was why he had to shoot that day because he needed to defend himself. The issue of posting threats on social media is not their own." Mr. Sira said initially the arrest team conducted a background check on Mr. Sira and found that he had been imprisoned for robbery. He was initially charged with attempted murder, possession of firearms and ammunition without a permit, carrying a firearm in a town or village in a public way without permission and without reasonable cause. To be sent to the investigating officer, Bang Kruai Police Station, Nonthaburi Province. Continue to follow the law.
Mentally ill manslaughtered uncle, 68, knifed, slashed the throat, stone, smashed head.|Deputy Governor Sa Kaeo Order all hospitals to scan psychiatric patients in the area of responsibility to put preventive measures in place. After the 28-year-old suffered from mental illness for more than 10 years and lacked medication, he walked out of the house and asked his brother for something to eat. The 68-year-old uncle, who was sitting in his brother's house, grabbed a knife and fell to his throat and twitched, thinking the victim would get up and fight. Raise a rock, smash your head, and die. I was also stabbed and injured. The police followed suit. A drug test on his body found a psychiatric patient slitting his neighbor's throat before using a stone to smash his head. Revealed at 7:40 a.m. on Oct. 14, Lt. Col. Vikrai Srivasut, Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Nong Mak Fai Police Station, Wattana Nakhon District, Sa Kaeo Province, received a report of a murder at the house at 212 Moo 6, Ban Nong Mak Fai. Nong Mak Fai police inspected the body of Mr. Vichai Chiangka, 68, at the same house number 134. Lying on his back, blood spilled in front of the house, his neck was covered with sharp objects, his trachea was almost torn, his head was smashed with stones until his face was smeared. The perpetrator's name is Mr. Pongsak or Toi. Chom Thiem, 28 years old, living at the same house number 5, fled home. He took the force into custody and seized 1 knife and a stone weighing about 5 kg, stained with blood from Mr. Boonsorn Chomtiam, 38, the owner of the accident house and the brother of the perpetrator. The younger brother had been suffering from psychiatric illness for several years, before the incident, the brother complained of hunger and then walked out of the house to ask for food, but the deceased, who was sitting with him, said that the rice was not cooked. My brother asked for tobacco, and the deceased said no, making my brother angry. Grabbing a kitchen knife, slashing the deceased's throat, falling asleep, convulsing, twitching, blood gushing. He rushed to the rescue, but was stabbed in the chest with a knife and had to flee to survive, then his brother repeatedly smashed the deceased's head several times until he died. Inquire whether Mr. Pongsak is a psychiatric patient. And he did not take medicine continuously because there was no person to pick up the medicine from the psychiatric hospital before the incident. Walk from the house to Mr. Boonsorn's house. My brother asked me to eat. The deceased Mr. Boonsorn was found sitting with the deceased Mr. Vichai and the deceased scolded him, causing Mr. Pongsak to be angry and pick up a knife near his hand and knock Mr. Vichai down. He tried to stop it, but was stabbed in the chest by his brother with a knife under his right collarbone. Mr. Pongsak feared that Mr. Vichai would rise up to fight. Picking up the stones that lay around it, smashing his head repeatedly. Initially, the drug was detected in the body and was not found. Locals say the perpetrator suffered from mental illness after his mother died 10 years ago. Pol. Maj. Gen. Chaiporn Thongnapiang, deputy chief of police of Sa Kaeo province, came to follow up the case at Nong Mak Fai Police Station and told reporters that he had directed the prosecution to conduct a drug test on the body of the perpetrator and ask for the history of the perpetrator from the psychiatric hospital as evidence of whether he was still conscious at the time of the incident and must take decisive legal action. The case seized the central items as knives and stones. He also ordered all police stations in the Sa Kaeo Provincial Police. Explore whether there are psychiatric patients in the local area of responsibility. Report to the police immediately for further preventive measures.
Grieving family receives the body of the victim, son-in-law fanatical, bows to the coffin - tells him to go home|Family of the deceased, 2 bodies, victims of the savage son-in-law In the case of Mr. Natee or Pee Panthumsen, 28 years old, the son-in-law of a gunman who shot his "father-in-law and brother-in-law" in 2 houses in Bang Khae district, Bangkok, on the morning of October 15, 2022, according to the news release at 13.00 on October 16, 2022 at the Department of Forensic Medicine. Siriraj Hospital Ms. Prapatsorn Sawatnai, 44, with the rest of her family, came to pick up the body. Mr. Thanin Sitapanya, 46, Mr. Pongsathorn Sitapanya, 22, husband and youngest son who was Mr. Natee or Pee Panthumsen, 28, whose son-in-law used a firearm to shoot him dead at the residence. In the midst of the tragedy, Ms. Prapatsorn fell to the ground and bowed to her husband's coffin and said, "Go home, listen to the funeral prayers." Before the officers took the body to the car for a religious ceremony at The Nimmanoradee Temple. next
Caught up with the big guy, racing through the streets. The quote was made because of the frenzy.|Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, ordered the arrest. The big guy screamed at the whole street. The quote was made with a smirk. I don't take drugs. The court sentenced him to 1 month imprisonment and a fine of 4,500 baht, according to the news. In the case of a middle-aged man riding a motorcycle in a reckless manner, at 2:00 p.m. on October 16, 2022, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy director of the Center for the Prevention and Suppression of Motor Racing and Other Related Offenses (EPA), has ordered that Maj. Gen. Chakraborty Sukontharaj P.O.N.7 The investigation was carried out by Pol. Col. Supasak Poriyanon, director of the Bang Sao Thong Police Department, and the investigation was carried out until he was arrested. Mr. Prateep Yellowakka, 36 years old, currently residing at a paint workshop in Soi Thung Mangkon 4, No. 10/4, Chimplee Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok, Pol. Maj. Gen. Chakraborty revealed that upon questioning Mr. Prateep, he admitted to being the same person who appears in the clip. He left the paint mill to pay homage to the monks at Wat Pradu Chim Phli, near Tha Phra Junction, and with a sense of excitement, rode a motorcycle in such a way. WHO DID NOT TAKE ANY DRUGS, SPONSORED FROM DRUG TESTING. Initially, the result was negative (no drugs were found). The police have clarified that driving a motorcycle in such a manner is reckless driving. It is an offence under the Road Traffic Act, so it has been sent to the investigating officer for further legal proceedings. Later, Taling Chan Criminal Court sentenced him to 1 month imprisonment, a fine of 4,500 baht, a 2-year suspended sentence, 3 reports for working for the benefit of society for 20 hours. The Prime Minister is concerned about the problem of racing on the way and driving cars regardless of safety. Therefore, the Royal Thai Police Office by Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, hastened to find an urgent and sustainable solution. If you find any clues, you can report them to the EPA at hotline 1599 or 191 or take a video clip to send to The 24-hour Facebook page "Social Media Center" will have a reward of 3,000 baht for the informant in case of arrest.
The son-in-law shot his father-in-law. Sent to court for detention. "You can't do it," he said.|Petchkasem Police Station Mr. Natee Panthumsen The son-in-law who shot his father-in-law, Mya Dabkha, at a house on Soi Petchkasem 63, sent to the Thonburi Criminal Court for detention. He said if he could choose, he wouldn't do it. He said he was also concerned about his children and wife in the case of police officers. Petchkasem police detained Mr. Natee Panthumsen, 28, the accused. A lone attacker shot Thanin Srita. Mr. Pongsathorn Sritapanya, 22, was shot in the head and occipital area with 1 shot, which was the father-in-law and brother-in-law of the attacker inside a house in Soi Phetkasem 63, Bangkok. After being prevented from loving her daughter, police were later able to arrest the perpetrator at wat muang waterfront pavilion. Opposite side Last updated at 09:30 on 17 October 2022. Petchkasem police detained Mr. Natee Panthumsen, 28, the accused in the case. 1. Intentionally killing others and the Firearms Act to be detained at the Thonburi Criminal Court by opposing bail while leaving the cell into the prisoner's control car. The reporter asked about the conflict between his wife's family. Mr. Natee said there are more shallow outs and outs. I've always endured. In addition to depriving him of love, the reporter asked if he wanted to apologize for anything on the wife's family's side. Natee nodded and said, "If you choose, you won't." When asked by a reporter about his concern for his children and his wife, he replied: Mr. Pae nodded as a sign that he was concerned for his children and his wife, and that his mother would be the one to raise the children. Food and water are brought in the morning. The deceased's sister and girlfriend, who is the deceased's son and the deceased's sister, also visited, with his girlfriend trying to get his 4-year-old son to dodge the reporter.
The youngest wife endures a police raid in front of the hotel. While entering the inspector, he was serious.|Pregnant wife shoots police inspector in front of Phra Khanong police station Family problems knot A fellow police officer witnessed the incident until he surrendered his weapon and detained him before charging him with attempted murder at 00:01 on October 22, 2022. Phra Khanong Police Station stands smoking behind the base of the Pang Leela Buddha statue, located in front of Phra Khanong Police Station. A young woman wearing a magown approached and talked angrily. The woman then used a firearm to shoot Lt. Col. Kasityos in the left side of the frame, seriously injuring her, and fled to the police station (One Stop Service) with a police friend, Dr. Prayuth, whose last name is unknown. A police officer who witnessed the incident negotiated with the culprit. Surrendering a firearm, officers initially detained him on charges of attempted murder while on duty. Have and carry weapons into the city. village Unauthorised public way The injured policeman. Grateful Foundation volunteers arrived at the scene of the first aid and rushed to the police hospital. The danger was cleared and preliminary investigation was conducted by Lt. Col. Kasityos, a couple with 4 wives, one of whom had died. The woman who caused the incident was one of the four wives and is now several months pregnant. Expect to have family problems with Lt. Col. Kasityos. Before the attack, Pol. Maj. Gen. Vajirakorn Wongboon, director of the Phra Khanong Police Department, said last night's incident was a family problem and he didn't want the news to tarnish the police image. AFTER THE INCIDENT, THE ACCUSED WAS DETAINED AND CHARGED WITH FURTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Uncle Sakjang donated only 1.1 million Rambo to the police in Krabi.|Ahn's lawyer sees Lungsak's case as a "war law", the state power bullying people with no way to fight. The case originated in Dusit district, but "Rambo" asked the police officer to report the case to Krabi, ready to be a lawyer to fight all cases. The actual donation amount is 1.1 million, ranging from 1 baht to 2,500 baht, thanks to everyone, will be kept to fight the case. On October 21, Mr. Weerawit Rungruangsiriphol or Lungsak, together with Mr. Pattarapong Supaksorn or Lawyer Aun Buriram, on behalf of the new generation of pure democracy, visited the investigating officer of Ao Nang Police Station, Krabi province, to learn about the allegations of defamation against Mr. Seksakorn Atthawong or Rambo Isan. Investigators take the time to report the allegations. Interrogation Fingerprinting lasts about 2 hours. Mr. Weerawit then applied for bail in the investigation class in cash amounting to 30,000 baht. This case is a case in which Mr. Seksakol came to report the prosecution at Ao Nang Police Station, where Mr. Seksakol claimed that when Uncle Sak spoke in an interview for the news, it caused damage. I didn't see the clip for the first time, but I saw it again when Mr. Seksakol was in Krabi. Instead, he did not report the grievance by himself, but instead had a high-ranking police officer to report the case. Although it was an interpersonal case, there was a government official authorized to report the case instead. Therefore, it is doubtful that SPONSORED lawyers are interested. He said that from the details, it was found that the accused informed that Uncle Sak went to post a clip of the assault and then went to speak and express his opinion at the time of the incident, causing Mr. Seksakol to be damaged. As for the clip that Uncle Sak posted, it is a clip from the news agency that the general public can see. Uncle Sak initially applied for bail to fight the process by handing over 30,000 baht in cash bail. He had complained against what Mr. Srisuwan and Mr. Sonthiya had done, so they seemed to fall into the same fate but expressed themselves in different ways. Confirm that after this will help Uncle Sak. "I think the assault case against Mr. Srisuwan or Mr. Seksakol is not an ordinary assault case. Because this is politics. I see this as the law of war, the use of the law of the holders of state power in their hands, to execute those who have no way to fight. I personally don't favor violence. But this is an expression that state power is not right." Mr. Ahn's lawyer said Mr. Veerit, or Lungsak, mentioned the case of Mr. Srisuwan. If you continue to complain as in the past. He wants to leave it to Mr. Srisuwan that if he complains to politicians in general, that is, boxing is a match, but goes to complain to people who do not know the law, and then stuffs the lawsuit, it is considered unmanly. It's better to help people who are struggling than to make a donation. Let me be clear here that there is a donation amount of 1,100,000 baht, there is a 400-page transfer slip, someone has donated from 1 baht, 10 baht, up to a maximum of 2,500 baht. Attorney's fees, travel expenses in battle If the state has to collect taxes, it pays for it. He is not a poor person, has a livelihood, has a distorted journalism, is a tactic to spin people to kill each other, sees this as a devil code, which media outlets want to see their accounts? Let's show it to Mr. Weerawit and the fans who came to cheer. They all stood hugging their necks and singing "A Fortnight Under Our House" in front of Ao Nang Police Station before dispersing.
Fake bank colonel outbreak If they know how to use it, they will be punished with a heavy penalty of 15 years in prison.|Police spokesman warns against fake bank outbreaks It is recommended to look at the gold stripes, reiterate if you know that they are fake, but still use them. He was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment on October 22, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Spokesperson for the Royal Thai Police Revealing the case of fake bank outbreak in Udon Thani province, Pol. Maj. Gen. Achan revealed that the case on social media has been posted pictures and messages. Identify to beware of counterfeit bank outbreaks from 2 areas. Customers used fake money to buy pork pans at shops and grocery stores in Chiang Wang subdistrict, Phen district. In such cases, the Royal Thai Police has warned the public to be careful, especially merchants and vendors, asking them to check the banknotes received, especially high-value banknotes, so that they do not fall prey to fraudsters of counterfeiting gangs. Pol. Maj. Gen. Achan continued that for the initial observation of whether the 1,000 baht banknote is counterfeit or not, look at the "colored strips in the paper" as follows: It is a golden plastic embedded in the paper vertically of the banknote, so it is called "gold stripe", At normal angles, a dotted line is visible, but when shining with light, it is seen in a straight line and has the message "1000 Baht 1000 BAHT". The color bars contained in each banknote can be in a mismatched position. It may be shifted left or right, according to the standard limit, sponsored by penalty for counterfeiting or converting banknotes. Article 240 of the Criminal Code states that whoever makes a counterfeit currency, whether it is forged to make a coin. Banknotes or anything else issued or authorized by the government to be issued, or counterfeited government bonds or certificates for receiving interest on such bonds, the person commits the offence of counterfeiting currency. Imprisonment for life or imprisonment of 10 to 20 years and a fine of 20,000 to 40,000 baht for the use of counterfeit money to buy goods, the maximum penalty is 15 years imprisonment. 1. Obtaining counterfeit banknotes without knowing that they are counterfeit, but later, when they know that they are counterfeit, they still take them out to buy goods and services, punishable by imprisonment for not more than 10 years or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both according to Article 245 of the Criminal Code. He stressed that the law must be strictly enforced to deal with counterfeit bank fraudsters. Instruct the Royal Thai Police to expedite the crackdown and seek serious defense. In order not to cause trouble to the people, who are honest and harmful to the country's economy. If the public finds any wrongdoing, they can report the crime and ask for information at the 191 hotline or the Royal Thai Police 1599 hotline 24 hours a day.
Lopburi, son of a drug fanatic Hurting mom The villagers unfolded amphetamines that were easy to find, cheap.|It's the most unbearable. The mother informed the police that her son had been physically abused by methamphetamine. Blood splatter. After a frantic rampage, destroyed belongings inside the house, damaged. As the villagers unfold the area, Bang Khan Mak Methamphetamine is easy to buy, cheap, children, young people are addicted to it, big agents, small businesses, blatantly selling it. No arrests were made on the morning of October 22, 2022. A.Muang Lopburi has led the force with a rave device, a prong. Sticks, hooks, shields to the scene of the accident, drunk man with methamphetamine, destroying belongings, assaulting family members, injuring at house no. 88/1 Moo 3, Bang Khan Mak subdistrict. Lopburi District is ready to support the staff of The Patek Tueng Lopburi Foundation, which received a report that 2 people were injured at the scene of the accident, the son of the owner of the house. Mr. Pairat (last name reserved), aged 31, was making a fuss on the ground floor of the house, the police officers detained him, who was still in a state of drunkenness, ranting, and found 2 injured, known as Mrs. Somphan (last name reserved), 54 years old, whose mother suffered a right leg injury, was cut by a sharp object, blood splashed on the floor, and Ms. Wilairat (last name reserved), 38 years old, her sister, was also injured by throwing objects at her body. The rescuers provided first aid to the wounds before taking the mother and child to Phra Narai Maharaj Hospital. Upon inspection of the floor in front of the house, crockery fragments were found. BROKEN GLASS BOTTLES AND OTHER ITEMS WERE SCATTERED THROUGHOUT THE AREA. The mother, who was injured, said Mr. Pairat My son used to work for stability. After becoming addicted to drugs, he quit his job and took drugs for decades, but has never been arrested by the police. I used to put my child in therapy at a government rehab camp hoping to get my child back to being a good person. When I came home, I took methamphetamine again. After taking drugs, fussing rampants, destroying belongings in the house until it collapses. In the morning, he was in another house close to each other, heard his son's loud fuss, he was afraid of the villagers, so he went to the front of the house to warn his son to stop suppressing his emotions. Take bottles and things. In the house, he fell to the ground in front of him and his daughter, who was standing, shards of glass, shards of tile bowls, broke the shark's mouth and pierced the injured leg." Bang khan mak It wasn't just Mr. Pairat who took hallucinogenic drugs. Children, youth, delusions are addicted to drugs. Methamphetamine is easy to buy, cheap, big agents, small businesses, blatantly selling it. When no more than 15 methamphetamine pills were seized, it was only the patient who was taken to treatment and was not prosecuted for possession of drugs for sale, as before. The public sees the new law as providing justice for offenders. Preventing and eradicating drugs would be difficult.
Baipo Rattiya accused the guitarist of being an example. Mediation|Progress, guitarist, recorder, director baipo rattiya, queen of floats. Blood bathed in the middle of the stage. Phimai called both parties to mediate, while The Director of Yan took legal action, hoping that it would be a case of violence on the stage that could not be tolerated from the quarrel on the night of October 21, 2022, on the stage of Boonkathin event at Ban Mai Thippracha Nikhom Soi 5, Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, which will be presented to a temple in Phimai district by "Baipo Rattiya" or Ms. Rattiya Polsen. Dr. Lamsing singer But during the performance, a freelance guitarist hired to play on behalf of a regular band went on a rampage, throwing objects, and attacking Bai Po's personal manager until he was injured. Social media users flocked to express their opinions and cheered a lot, with "Nong Pang", the personal manager, having traveled to report the case to Phimai Police Station to prosecute the perpetrators to the end. On the afternoon of October 22, 2022, Maj. Gen. Panya Pratangwesa, Senator (Investigation) Phimai Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima province, called both sides to negotiate with the victims with minor injuries and charged them with assaulting others until they were injured. The hospital asked for a medical certificate for further confirmation. The perpetrator testified that he acted because he was drunk. There was no quarrel or quarrel before. Therefore, both parties were appointed to meet with the investigating officer, Phimai Police Station. Again, in order to negotiate mediation on the afternoon of October 25, 2022, the latest progress today (October 23, 2022), the reporter called the manager of "Baipo Rattiya" who was physically assaulted, saying that he will continue to inform the prosecution to the end to make a case because no friends in the industry accepted the incident and no one wanted this to happen on stage again. Youth and people in society.
Commanding Officer B.C.N. hastened to send the court to consider the case of "K Hundred Million" to disrupt the book work.|Commanding Officer B.C.N. expedites the case of K Hundred Million The case of Pathumwan Police Station and Lumpini Police Station was submitted to the court to determine whether they were schizophrenia or insane on October 25, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police ,spoke about the case of Mr. Kanespisanuthep. Commonwealth Mahadecha or K Hundred Million The rioters at the National Book Fair at the Booth of the Progressive Faculty Foundation by locking Mr. Thanathorn's neck During the handout of signatures at the booth, Mr. Thanathorn filed a grievance accusing him of wrongdoing. K Hundred Million The assault was committed at Lumpini Police Station and is currently in the process of accelerating the results of the doctor's examination and will bring various cases that have not yet ended both of Pathumwan Police Station and Lumpini Police Station to gather information and expedite the proceedings to the court so that the court can give an opinion on whether or not the person will be in the treatment facility or not. In case of having an arrest warrant, if found, they will have to take immediate action, which has been directed to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters (B.C.N.) to expedite the process and expedite the results of the examination. The opinion of the doctor brings the expression to the prosecutor for the court to consider. If it is necessary to coordinate with the Ministry of Health, then take immediate action. The case will be expedited so that the court can determine whether or not to become schizophrenic or insane and whether he can take care of himself. If the court has already made an opinion, for example, relatives take care of themselves. IF IT COMES OUT, IT WILL CAUSE AN INCIDENT TO SOMEONE ELSE, IT WILL BE CONSIDERED A MATTER OF NEGLECT.
Sia P. is still fine. 18 year old girl "It looks good," the villagers said.|Sia, a well-off man from Udon, remained locked up at the hotel after being reported having sex with a young girl until the police searched his home and found pornography. 18-year-old girl charged with possession of pornography, deprivation of minors Come and visit, tell Xia Sai Dee. No stress. The villagers insisted that young girls visit Sia every day. Several times a day at 3:30 p.m. on October 27, 2022, reporters went to Sia's house. P. aged 55 years in Soi Samakkhi 6 M.1 B.Chan Ban Chan Subdistrict Udon Thani, which was closed to silence, only Sia's motorcycle. P. and 5 young girls parked in the fence in front of the house after being searched by the police and related agencies in Udon Thani Provincial Court for evidence such as cameras, computers, notebooks, memory cards, etc. Two 15-year-old girls were also found in a room inside the house, police said. Sia P. "Possession of pornography and deprivation of minors" before being detained in the control room of Muang Udon Thani Police Station for interrogation and prosecution under the law of Ms. Pop (first name reserved), 26 years old, of Ban Chan community. Revealed that he was originally a native of But my husband brought me to work as a house builder in Udon Thani province and rented a house in Ban Chan community for about 1 year. P. Regularly almost every day, day and night. Since being in this community for about 2-3 years, he has never come out to meet neighbors, is a quiet person who likes to keep himself in the house, can only see when he comes out to throw garbage in the middle of the night and in the early morning, and when driving out into the house and returning to the house. I've never talked to you. I DON'T THINK IT'S THIS KIND OF PERSON, AND IT'S SOMEONE CLOSE TO EACH OTHER," HE SAID, "SHOCKED TO SEE THE POLICE AND RELATED AGENCIES DETAINING SIA. And I am saddened by what happened in our community. I want to leave it to parents to take good care of their children. Don't come out of the house to visit at night or go with unknown strangers", Mrs. Tuk (first name reserved), 55 years old, revealed that she was originally a resident of Nong Khai province, moved to rent a house here for 5 months. When I found out that I searched Xia P.'s house to find evidence that Sia P. had acted on the girl, I felt more depressed than shocked since I had been in this community for 5 months, never thought that you would be this kind of person and dare to do this kind of thing because you are a good-looking and wealthy person. 2-3 times a day, riding a motorcycle stacked with 2-3 people"At first I thought that it was your daughter's friend, just came to know last night that all the girls who came to you were not what they thought, but I was surprised why the girl came to you almost every day. Miss Fah (pseudonym), 18 years old, Udon Thani resident and friend Come to the control room of Muang Udon Thani Police Station to visit Sia P. by carrying a lunch box. The control room staff visited for about 10 minutes, then walked out to the convenience store in front of the hotel. Buy bread Banana And the water came again after the visit. Miss Fah revealed that she visited as an acquaintance because she knew Sia 3 years ago. When I saw the news, I was worried and pitying, so I bought rice to visit. Ask what else you need, so you go out and buy water, bread, etc. Snacks He asked Xiao how to take a bath, and Sia said that it was okay to stay. Sia's mental state is also good. There was no stress, later an officer from Udon Thani Province invited Miss Fah and her girl friend went to inquire about Sia P. as they knew Sia P. before and had also been to Sia P.'s house, which took about 10 minutes to inquire about, so she invited herself to the Investigation Division. To go to more details.
Hunt 2 teens chase teeth 17 fall over, hurt 1 throw a bump at rescuers|17-year-old boy killed in 17-year-old boy Rescuers rushed to provide first aid, nearly getting knocked back, luckily the explosion hit the car and the bridge railing. No more people hurt. Police rushed to check cctv cameras and tracked him down at 1 a.m. on Oct. 28, 2022. U.S. Army Capt. Thiemtai Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Bangplee Police Department receives a report of an overturned motorcycle accident A teenager on a motorcycle followed and threw a grenade at a group of rescue workers who were providing first aid. The incident occurred next to the bridge. In front of Soi Suan Village 900,000 District 9, Bangpla Bangplee, Samut Prakan After receiving the notification, he rushed to the scene to investigate the accident scene and found the injured person was a teenage male, known as Mr. Nat (pseudonym), 17 years old, a resident of Samut Prakan Province. Click Gray Bangkok Register, lose the main, fall upside down, until there are abrasions on the body. Meanwhile, grateful foundation rescue workers are helping with first aid. There were 2 teenage boys riding motorcycles of unknown color and registration. He then threw a grenade at a group of rescue workers, fortunately the bomb hit the railing of the bridge. No one was injured, according to the investigation. It was found to be a homemade bomb, containing a bicycle bearing and a nut head. The police officers took the injured person to Chularat 3 Hospital for treatment. While driving to the front of Big C Department Store. Two teenagers on motorcycles followed. Trying to use a knife to chase his teeth, the injured man drove away on a motorcycle and fell to the scene, and the villagers who saw him called rescuers to help. Rescuers are providing first aid to the injured. The motorcycle that drove the injured man suddenly drove back and threw a grenade at the group of officers, but luckily the bomb hit the railing of the bridge and was damaged by a car that came to help the injured. No one was injured, and then the two teenagers who caused the incident rushed on motorcycles to flee. HEAD TOWARDS GENEROSITY BANG CHALON SPONSORED MR. CHINDANAI RUANGCHAI Grateful Foundation officials said they were informed that there was a car crash next to the village bridge. He came to the aid of the injured. While providing first aid, a group of teenagers who did not know where they came from, drove their motorcycles and threw grenades at the scene, almost hitting people. Police officers will urgently question eyewitnesses and review CCTV footage from nearby areas and routes to track down the perpetrators for further legal proceedings.
P.P.S. seizes $21 million luxury house in High Bridge area of drug trafficking|P.P.S. raided a luxury house on 1 rai in the high bridge area of the accused together to traffic drugs purchased for money laundering. Value 21 Million Baht After being arrested for smuggling 945 kg of ice pills into a silicone pad prepared to be delivered to Taiwan at 07.45 a.m. on Oct. 28, 2022, Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol The Secretary-General of the Narcotics Control Board (PSC) together with the P.P.S. officers seized a luxury house on an area of about 1 rai in a luxury village in the Saphan Sung area. After discovering that Mr. Somprasit Sae-ung, 53, the accused in the case of drug trafficking, purchased it for money laundering. It was found that the house was a modern style house. THE EXTERIOR OF THE HOUSE LOOKS BEAUTIFUL, BUT INSIDE THE HOUSE THERE IS NO FURNITURE WHATSOEVER, IT IS JUST AN EMPTY HOUSE THAT MR. SOM PHILOSOPHER BOUGHT FOR 21 MILLION BAHT. Secretary-General of the P.O.S. On August 14, 2022, authorities seized 945 kilograms of class 1 narcotics (ice) concealed in silicone pads prepared to be shipped to Taiwan at the Port of Bangkok. Responsible for opening an import and export company and Ms. Porntipa Wongjinda Another 76 kilograms of ice at the Lat Lum Kaew warehouse. Lat Lum Kaeo District, Pathum Thani Province After an extended investigation, it was found that the hired person was Mr. Somprasad, who had evidence of the money transfer route. The officers then gathered evidence and asked for a warrant for Mr. Somprasad's arrest. He has now fled to a neighboring country. He said the operation aimed at cracking down on drug traffickers and traffickers was the real root cause of the drug problem. These criminals must be punished decisively and take measures to seize property related to all drug-related offenses. They can seize other assets to equal the income derived from drug trafficking, which is an important part. The Minister of Justice has launched an investigation into the arrest of influential commanders with the goal of seizing assets in the amount of 100 billion baht in 2023.
Page Sai Mai Pasian bets to report khokkram police being detained by people in the detention - extorting property|Sai Mai must survive, take two gambling masters to report to the police. Khok Kham police station after being attacked by people in the area along Ramintra Express Accused of cheating after playing Arrested, detained, reed The local police did a numbness. Confirmed as a permanent pit, not a run-in on Oct. 28, 2022. The founder of the Silk Road page must survive. Bring gamblers who were victims of assault inside a gambling house along ramintra expressway. The police said the victim was covered in a black bag over his head and rolled up, and a high-ranking police officer of the hotel came to negotiate with the victim. It is an inquiry only for gambling, without inquiring about the information of the offense or the morphology of the villain. Insist that civil servants do not need to be afraid of anything. Take action unless there is a common interest. Today, the victims will be charged with attempted murder, robbery, and conspiracy to detain the founder of The Silk Road Page. "What the whole country wants to know is the fact of how the spot is undermined. Therefore, the investigating officer must clearly investigate. The silk road must be saved, not the duty to catch the underworld. We and the media are watchers, but the police are directly responsible for suppressing the matter. The Metropolitan Police Command (NCPO) and the Metropolitan Police Division 2 said that if Khok Kham police station is absent, it must be considered as well. The victims had to come to terms with The Silk Road page to survive on the side of the transgender female victims. He said that he personally came to play at this casino about 4 times, thinking that he saw that he got a lot of money, but personally saw that the money earned every day was tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands. He forced himself to sit, then covered his head with a black bag, tied his hands and tied his legs. Forcing the password to be transferred out of the account, totaling more than 2,500,000 baht in damages, the victim stated that the owner of the pit was a local. neglect Stating that he thought it was over, he had to report the case to the prosecution. But the police are trying not to get involved with the underworld and the Khok Kham police station, who knows how to live, but we can do it. Because the perpetrator was willing to come and negotiate a refund. Contracts are made on the property. While the male victim said that he had played at other casinos in Nuan Chan Soi 22, Soi 27 and Soi 36, as well as other areas in Bangkok, counting more than 100 places for more than 3 years, he had only moved here for 3 days, including nuts, hi-bo, baccarat and dragon tiger, which he never found anywhere as bad as this one. The owner of the pit is Chinese, abbreviated. T. is over 50 years old and there are a lot of Chinese people playing in this pit, it is a permanent pit, not a running pit.
The court dismissed the petition of "Chicken Woman" to apply for "Sia Surachai" to treat which hospital as his wife.|The North Bangkok District Court dismissed the petition of "Chicken Woman" for "Sia Surachai". Which hospital is he in? As a wife, the court pointed out: A medical certificate is a confidential document. The petitioner was not a party to the case on October 28, 2022 at the North Bangkok District Court. The Court has made an order in Black Case No. 7265/2562 in the case of Mr. Surachai Supabundit or Sia Surachai. A real estate businessman filed a criminal case against Mr. Chatchai Sangsuriyachat or Dr. Seng and 2 others. Ms. Saranya Uppatasanti or Kai Woman As the wife of the plaintiff It is submitted that the petitioner is the wife of the plaintiff. On 25 Oct 22 On October 27, 2022, the plaintiff appointed a new lawyer and filed a complaint. Postponement of the case claiming that the plaintiff was ill and unable to come to court on October 27, 2022. Make a verbal statement to the court in the courtroom asking to know where the plaintiff is staying so that the petitioner can know and take care of him as a lawful wife. The petitioner filed this petition asking the court to please disclose to the petitioner where the plaintiff is being treated. So that the petitioner can perform his duties as a lawful wife is to take care of him in times of illness in accordance with his duties. Today, the court considered the petition and ordered that the case be dismissed. On October 27, 2022, the court appointed a lawyer to conduct the proceedings, wishing that the medical certificate submitted to the court was confidential and that the petitioner was not a party to the case. Therefore, the case under the petition is irrelevant to this case. THERE IS NO NEED FOR A HEARING TO DISMISS THE SPONSORED PETITION.
Checking on Monday, I found only a snooker table. No gambling equipment was found.|Pol. Maj. Gen. Nitinan Petchborom, deputy chief of police, led the police force to raid the Best snooker 8 table in Nuanchan district. No gambling equipment was found, but it was the same place. Compared to the photographs of the victims at 1:45 p.m. on October 28, 2022, Maj. Gen. Nitinan Petchborom, Deputy Chief of Police, Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit P.O.N.2, Lt. Col. Sreesanth Fuengsang Director, Kokkram Police Department Lead the police force and coordinate with the Metropolitan Electricity Authority The Metropolitan Waterworks Authority and Bueng Kum District Office jointly inspected the best snooker 8, Soi Ramintra 40, Nuanchan Subdistrict, Bueng Kum District, where officers brought 4 victims to the spot inside The Best snooker 8, which is the place where the gambling house was opened. It is claimed that the victims cheated on the Dragon Tiger card after the officers had finished inspecting the building with the victims. The officers asked the media to check inside the store. There were only 5 snooker tables and a VIP room with 1 private snooker table, but no gambling equipment was found. Found to be the same place. LED lighting is installed on the ceiling wall, tv stations, and English letters are attached to the walls of the caretaker. He revealed that he had only been working at the snooker table for a month. The property is rented for 35,000 baht a month, not a gambling house, but it is not known if it was previously a gambling house or not. Admit that payments were made to one of the actual victims. Mr. Ek transferred 500,000 baht. To pay one of the victims, who himself received 1,000-2,000 baht for the operation, but the purpose of the payment is unknown.
P.O.7 ordered to be set up. K.S.A. Exam Ao Noi Sell data to call center gangs|Lt. Gen. Thanayut Wutcharatthamrong P.O. Box 7 Order the Governor of Prachuap Khiri Khan Set up a fact-checking committee. Lieutenant Colonel Ao Noi Sell Thai information to call center gangs from operation "Ded wing dragon" to capture the call center gang network. At the beginning of October, the B.S.C. 16 suspects were arrested, including 8 horse account opening contractors, 1 chinese capitalist collecting group and 2 victims collecting information for fraud. P.W. Prachuap Khiri khan circumstance is to encrypt to view the civil registration database of the victim (Thor.14). The second person was an officer of the Ministry of Commerce who went into the system to steal the victim's trade registration or business seal and sell it to the call center gang. The company has a large registered capital of the business and then sells the information to the sponsored call center gang, both of which will have income from selling Thai data together to the Chinese call center gang. At 20,000 baht per day or 600,000 baht per month, the bank found the movement of money from the horse account into the account of the accused. On the evening of October 28, 2022, reporters reported that the procedure after the arrest of the police officer, Lt. Gen. Thanayut Wutcharatthamrong, was carried out. P.O. Box 7 Command Maj. Gen. Wanchai Thananatham Chief Of Staff, Prachuap Khiri Khan Set up a fact-checking committee and take further legal action.
2nd Lieutenant Order a hot knot test. But not yet 5 tigers.|Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit 2nd Lieutenant Order a hot knot test. The victims said that in the area. Now it is just the victim's claim - the police have to investigate further after checking The Best snooker 8, Nuanchan district, in the area of Khok Kham Police Station, Pol. Maj. Gen. Atthapol Anusit. 2nd Lieutenant He said the police are now aware of 4-5 people involved in the incident, 3 of whom are cards of the casino, and all of them are Thai nationals and not soldiers. Come in and give a damn. As for the circumstance, cover the bag. Will assault be charged with attempted murder? You have to check what the actual situation is. According to the victims, the area has always been opened as a snooker table. In August, a person asked to use the area to open a gambling house in the form of a gambling house just 7 days before it was closed, confirming that the police had been strict in cracking down on gambling. The part where the victim says that there is more than 1 in the area, now is just the victim's claim. The police must continue to investigate the issues raised by the victims, saying that on the day of the incident, a call was made to liaise with the police. But when the police answered the call before asking if this place was a gambling house, then the end of the call cut off and never contacted again. In this regard, the police officer was called in to inquire, and he replied that on the day of the incident, he had traveled to the coordinates and had actually made a coordinated call with the victim, but when he arrived, he did not find anything wrong and returned to SPONSORED, which he initially ordered to set up an investigation committee to investigate the case. Kokkram Police Station again If found guilty at any stage or discharged, disciplinary action will be taken immediately.
Catch the bailiff of Sattahip, extort money from the pool villa, unfold ingenious ways, drop it into the donation box.|Police Officers Raid on Sattahip bailiff, extorting money from pool villa operator 15,000 baht per house, redeem license Ingenious tactics To carry money into the donation box, avoid checking at 14.00 on October 28, 2022 Maj. Gen. Jaroonkiat Pankaew P.O.P.S. with Dr. Sarawut Srisuksiripan Deputy Chief of Staff Assistant Secretary of State, Lt. Col. Kriangkrai Kwantrirat, Director of the Investigation Group of the Royal Thai Army 2nd Lt. Col. Pitak Warit, 2nd Lt. Col. Lead forces with officers P.P.S. Get arrested Mr. Kanpong Suwanpatumlert, 40, senior bailiff of Sattahip district, and Ms. Supaporn Yellow, 43, administrative officer of Sattahip district office. Report the offence of being an official to claim property or other benefits for oneself, being an official who acts or refrains from performing duties wrongfully or dishonestly, being a government official. to claim property or other benefits for oneself or others in order to act or not to act in any way in office, whether it is right or wrongful in duty." CAUGHT AT AN OFFICE IN SATTAHIP DISTRICT, CHONBURI PROVINCE, BEFORE BEING BROUGHT TO THE SATCHEST POLICE STATION FOR INTERROGATION. Sattahip Police Department received a complaint from a pool villa operator in Sattahip district, Chonburi province, that the Sattahip district administrative officer had a situation of demanding payment for issuing a certificate of non-hotel accommodation from a local pool villa business operator. Specify the letter in front of the Sattahip District Red Cross branch box provided, claiming that it is the processing fee, which will be charged the rate. If you refuse to pay such money, you will not be issued a certificate or take time to issue a certificate until the money is paid. Normally, obtaining a pool villa certificate is completely free of charge. The arresting officers then organized a fact-checking force until they realized that there was a movement, clearly divided duties, such as horse faces to bring entrepreneurs to apply for certificates. In addition, after examining the details of the donation, it was found that there was no clear declaration of the purpose of the donation, similar to the preparation to avoid checking the origin of the money. In addition, investigators believe that such behavior has been committed on several occasions. Therefore, the force was deployed to search the Sattahip district office. Before finding the donation box inside the office of Mr. Kanthapong and Ms. Supaporn, they found cash banknotes totaling 28,000 baht, 1 computer, and a list book of applicants from 2019 to the present.  As a result of the investigation, the couple denied it, but because there was clear evidence of wrongdoing. After completing the process of reporting the allegations. 2nd Engineer Will expedite the collection of evidence, summary of the expressions, forwarding them to the Committee. The P.P.C. considered the law and invited Sattahip district officials to report the additional charges at a later date.
"Big Royal" .PCT Chinese gambling gangs use Thailand as a gambling base|"Big Royal" Lead the army Sq.PCT S.M. Tourist Police and Police Launched an operation to break up Chinese gambling gangs, using Thailand as a gambling base, arresting more than 50 Chinese employees with more than 500 million baht in circulation at 4:30 p.m. on Oct. 28, 2022. Deputy Superintendent of Police / Deputy Superintendent of Police Maj. Gen. Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General Nitinan Petchborom, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Sethapan Srisakhon Huamark Police Chief with police force of Information Technology Crime Suppression Center, Royal Thai Police Office (PCT) Police searched a hotel in Soi Ramkhamhaeng 32, Huamark Subdistrict, Bang Kapi District, Bangkok, and arrested 50 Chinese nationals, Pol. Gen. Panurat said. The Prime Minister has asked the Royal Thai Police to conduct an investigation and arrest a group of fraudsters who have deceived the public. This is especially true of online scams or fraud, which aggravates the suffering of the people during the COVID-19 crisis. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Chief of Police, instructed the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center of the Royal Thai Police .... Strictly implement the prime minister's orders and have concrete resultsSPONSORED, the assistant chief of police, said that the S.P.O.S.T. officials, together with the S.M.S.T., and the B.C.S.T. After learning that a group of Chinese expats had hijacked Thailand to open an online gambling site called HengXin, which employs more than 50 people at a dormitory in Suan Luang and Hua Mak areas, Bangkok, he reported it to his superiors. Later, the police gathered evidence and executed a search warrant for the dormitory. From the Phra Khanong Criminal Court to conduct a search on Oct. 28, 2022, Pol. Lt. Gen. Panurat said the results revealed a number of Chinese and Malaysian nationals were working on online gambling sites. He is responsible for supervising the order and maintaining the server system and is the administrator responsible for persuading foreign customers to gamble through the Let's Talk and Telegram applications. Initially, the investigation revealed that the majority of customers were Chinese using the yuan to gamble. The accused initially pleaded guilty to illegally operating as a tourist. He was paid between 40,000-70,000 baht and arrested for allegedly working without permission and confiscated goods. 50 laptop computers and 53 mobile phones were handed over to the police for further investigation.
Sia P. opened the house as a harem, bailed out 50 thousand baht, said, "You think I'm good."|Detention of "Sia P." Open house as a harem, take nude videos of young girls, send them to detention. The court granted him bail of 50,000 baht. No clues He's in a good mood. Open your heart to say no stress, no malicious intent, we are good to everyone, you think I am good...at 10.00 a.m. on October 28, 2022, after Lt. Col. Sinharaj Kaewkerdmee, Deputy Director (Investigation) Muang Udon Thani Police Station At 10.30 a.m., the police took Sia P. out of the control room of Udon Thani Police Station in handcuffs to meet the investigators on the 3rd floor of interrogation room 4 to interrogate him about firearms. Sia P. said, "He didn't want to say anything, let it go through the process, I don't know anything about it," and then the detention car drove out to the court. P.P.C. then sponsored mr. Pranom Utrak, social development and human security. Udon Thani It said it had sent a team of officers to monitor the protection of the children. In the case of the police officer arresting "Sia P." In the past 2 days, we have met with 8 children aged 14-17 years, including their parents. "Today, we are in the process of investigating the law, which is a specific method of investigation of young people. There is a multidisciplinary team involved, with tape recordings as evidence. Once the investigation is completed, the child will be sent back to live with his family. At the same time, children or parents can consult with the POLICE staff at any time, the reporter reported. The court granted Sia P.'s bail in the amount of 50 thousand baht. Without setting conditions.
The court sentenced a Chinese tourist to 1-2 months in jail for failing to comply with the charges.|The court sentenced chinese tourists to drug use drugs and pubs in Charoen Rat area for 1-2 months and a fine of 2,000-4,000 baht. The other 80 were denied bail and sent to prison.  On Oct. 29, 2022, reporters reported that on the night of Oct. 28, at the South Bangkok District Court, prosecutors of the 4th District Court case office filed a verbal complaint against a group of 36 Chinese, Burmese and Cambodian men and women who were arrested in a pub in Sathorn and pleaded guilty to methamphetamine charges. Class 1 drugs, ketamine, class 2 drugs which are an offense under the Drug Code B.E. 2564, The 36 defendants pleaded guilty and sentenced a 40-year-old Chinese woman and others to possession of methamphetamine, a class 1 drug under the Narcotics Code B.E. 2564, Sections 104, 162. Social services or public benefits with for 12 hoursSPONSORED and court. Convicted 3 Chinese nationals under the Immigration Act B.E. 2522 (1979), sections 11, 62 and 81. In addition, 26 defendants of Burmese, Chinese and other nationalities were punished under the Immigration Act B.E. 2522 (1979), sections 11, 18 paragraph two, 62 paragraph one, 81, 82 paragraph one, and according to the Alien Work Management Act B.E. 2560 (2017), sections 8, 64/2, 119/1, 101. The court has imposed a 1-year fine of 5,000-11,000 baht, as well as punishment of 5 Chinese, Burmese, Cambodian nationals under the Alien Work Management Act B.E. 2560 (2017), Sections 8, 101, and a fine of 5,000 baht, while 80 other accused persons have been granted bail by the investigating officer of Yannawa Police Station.
Commanders P.2 Ordered to bounce The Director of Khok Kram, absent from the original position. Jenbo Ramintra|Pm 2 signed the order for Lt. Col. Sreesan Fuengsang. The Director of the Kokkram Police Department came to perform the duties of the 2nd Army Corps and gave Lt. Col. Rewat Chitraua, Ph.D. (Investigation) Police Investigation Group 2 Acting on behalf of the victims, who cried out that they had been robbed by a large pit in The Ramintra Express area, robbed of gambling experts, tied a black bag over their heads, carried a drill, rolled 5 million as already proposed on October 29, 2022, Pol. Maj. Gen. Atthapol Anusit, commander of the Metropolitan Police Division 2, signed the Order of the Metropolitan Police Division 2 No. 341/2565 dated October 29, 2022 re: The Police Commissioner to perform his duties, in accordance with the Order of the Metropolitan Police Division 2 No. 340/2565 dated October 28, 2022, repealing and appointing a fact-finding committee. In the case of appearing on social media, Facebook, the page "Survive, the silk road must survive", the message reads, "Yes!! The incident occurred in an unknown building, Soi Ramintra 40 Yak 27, Ramintra Subdistrict, Kannayao District, Bangkok. On August 17, 2022, which is the area of responsibility of Khok Kham Police Station, in order to ensure the overall administration of The Metropolitan Police Division 2 continuously and neatly. Therefore, by virtue of Sections 105, 107 and 179 of the Royal Thai Police Act B.E. 2565 and the Royal Thai Police Regulations on ordering police officers to perform their duties within the Royal Thai Police B.E. 2563, Pol. Col. Srisan Fuengsang The Superintendent of Khok Kham Police Station performed the duties of the Operations Center, Metropolitan Police Division 2, absent from his previous position. To perform the duties assigned by the Metropolitan Police Commander 2 and to have the letter of Order of the Metropolitan Police Division 2 No. 342/2565 dated 29 October 2022 to Pol. Col. Rewat Chitraua. Superintendent (investigation) Investigation Group, Metropolitan Police Division 2, acting on behalf of the Superintendent of Khok Kham Police Station, another duty without being absent from the original affiliation.
Police order tactical review after 7 shots fired at drug cartels, 1 escaped|A spokesman for the NCPO confirmed the preliminary. Police detective 7 follows tactics. One escaped during a chase and ordered the police to investigate and review whether the arrest procedures were in accordance with the tactics and regulations imposed on the footage when an undercover police officer used a firearm to shoot the tires of a man's car. In the middle of a red light intersection in front of The Mall Bangkae department store, many parties noted what happened at 1:20 p.m. on October 29, 2022, at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters .... Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirasan Kaewsaengek, a spokesman for the POLICE, said that the arrest of the suspects under the drug case of the Metropolitan Police Division 7 investigation unit targeted 3 suspects. Investigators then drove the chase to the spot and were able to block the escape, but the suspect and his men crashed into the vehicle of the officers and nearby villagers. As a result, investigators need to shoot tires to prevent the culprits from escaping. and harm the property and bodies of nearby citizens. During the chase, the suspect managed to escape, according to the investigation team of the Metropolitan Police Division 7 and the investigation unit of the Metropolitan Police Investigation Division. The NCPO revealed that for the process of intercepting the culprit. The initial investigation revealed that it was a tactical arrest because it was necessary to prevent the culprits from fleeing and cause bodily and property damage to the officers and surrounding people. In order to ensure fairness and to review the tactics of such arrests, the Metropolitan Police Division 7 has been asked to review and review the procedures for such arrests to see if they are in accordance with the prescribed tactics and regulations. At 11:00 a.m., Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thamsuthir Speaking on the progress of the case, the police chief said he was aware that the Metropolitan Police Command had investigated. It is now confirmed that the culprit has been arrested. This must be separated into 2 parts: the offender. Another part of the tactics that have arisen as to whether they are correct or damaged is currently being investigated, and they have sent an investigative team to the area as well. It confirmed that the police in the footage were not police of the Metropolitan Police Investigation Division. The policeman who appears in the footage circulating on social media is a police investigator of The Metropolitan Police Division 7 while arresting a suspect in a drug case.
Santhanaji investigated 7 victims who reported the undermining of Reed, who cheated more than 10 million cards.|Santhana submitted evidence to examine 7 victims, claiming to be covered in black bags. Assault The owner of the 5 million is a gang of fraudsters. Revealed that the department of cheating on dragon tiger gambling for 5 days has gone to more than 10 million using the method of scanning and decoding cards. Send via mobile at Kokkram Police Station at 12.30 p.m. on Oct. 30. Former Special Branch Police Bring evidence in pictures and text messages through the application. Lt. Col. Dechavass Khan agriculture Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Mr. Santhana said that according to the information he had, it was found that the victims were gangs that patrolled various gambling pools in Bangkok and cheated gambling money in various ways. The photos were taken of the 7 people, no black bags or assaults, taken on the 2nd floor of the pit. Use the method of scanning cards, decoding cards, sending them to each other via mobile phone. It's a fresh wound, the dealers who deal cards with this gang. Send a sig to stab, playing irregularly, such as any eye that does not know the card, stabbing only 1,500-2,000 baht. The key evidence was a text message on the mobile phone of the leader of the "Nine Bisexual" gang, who is transgender, and claimed to have extorted more than 2 million baht. These evidences will then be handed over to investigators to determine whether the gang is actually engaged in such behavior. and confirm that from the information they have obtained. On the day of the incident, no black bags were used and assaults were committed, according to the victims. Want to warn and provide information to the press. Not to be fooled and not to be a tool of this gang, which has some media outlets involved in claiming to receive benefits from the 1.8 million baht share. Mr. Santhana said that it is good for The Silk Road page to come out to help or disclose information because it has made the gambling house in Bangkok go away, but he really wants to do it for society and warn gamblers that after this there will be no more casinos in Bangkok. If someone is persuaded to gamble in rooms or condominiums, do not go because they may be completely cheated.
The daughter is afraid of the case flipping, the father is stabbed by a young man with the surname Dang Phuket, but claims to remember the wrong person.|A graphic design man surnamed Phuket surrendered after stabbing a butler who was out shopping in front of a shopping mall in the city center. The ref thinks that the old antagonist stabbed the wrong person. The deceased's wife went to the insurance house, told the deceased to be a good person, liked to help others, never took matters like anyone, but the police were in a hurry to bring him to make a plan, refusing to tell. The deceased's gold queen fell in front of the mall where the incident occurred after the attacker stabbed Mr. Charoen with a knife. The 49-year-old was involved in the incident while pushing a cargo truck out of Groserie Mall. Phuket to the silver-bronze Honda CRV SUV, registration 7773 Phuket, parked along Ong Sim Phai Road. Talad Yai But the culprit made a gold necklace and a bridge bag at the scene, went to only 1 golden buddha before running into the mall to change clothes and fled later at 12.10 p.m. on October 29, 2022. Chaofa Rd. Talat Nuea Muang, Phuket The suspect used a knife to stab Mr. Charoen Panngern, 49, to death. Mr. Pannawit pleaded guilty to assaulting Mr. Charoen to death. However, when he did, he became remorseful and surrendered himself to Pol. Col. Sarawut Chuprasit, Director of The Phuket Police Department at Muang Phuket Police Station. The accused came forward and confessed that before the incident about 2 months ago, there was an altercation with a Thai man whose real name is unknown. Tanid in the matter of driving a car on the road. Wichit Subdistrict, Muang District, Phuket Province. He has a lot of resentment. Later, before the incident, while he was riding in a car. Come to the agricultural market. Ong Sim Phai Rd. Talad Yai About 100 meters away from the scene of the accident, he noticed the deceased, who looked similar to Tanid. At first, I believed that it was a little eye, so I followed it. When they arrived at the scene, they asked if they were right. The deceased refused, the deceased did not. This caused the accused to become angry and used a knife prepared to stab the deceased and fled without taking the deceased's property. When the accused returned home. Therefore, he came to Phuket Town Police Station to surrender the latest allegations at 10.00 a.m. on October 30, 2022. Request to meet Lt. Col. Sakol Krainara, Inspector (Investigation) Muang Phuket Police Station Investigators to follow up on the case and demand justice and oppose bail for the accused, Ms. Maneeporn Panngern, 24, the daughter of the deceased Mr. Charoen, said she was helpless. Because my father was a strong man, I never thought he would leave so quickly.  My dad would only shop at the Groserie on Saturdays and Sundays, usually downtown. Now I will prosecute the case to the end because I think it has not been fair. When the culprit was caught, he went to make a plan, but there was no contact with us. That now the villain has been identified and will be taken to make a plan. None at all, we have to follow the story ourselves. Yesterday, if he didn't call the police, he didn't know he was working on a plan and cctv footage of him fleeing when he attacked his father. I don't think it's the same as a different person with a pose. A lot of people see this as not thinking differently"My dad never had an affair with anyone, even with my own friends, everyone loved my dad very much, some people were in trouble for money, even though they didn't have any, but my dad still helped. Don't do it, let him go. Dad didn't take anything for granted, dad was a very kind person when he found out about his friends. I know about it, everyone loves my dad very much. I want to tell the officers to work faster and be transparent because we don't know anything right now because they are not informed. Today when we came, the police did not contact us, but we came by ourselves because we were afraid that my father would not get justice, that I was afraid of being silent, that what I feared the most was to be quiet," said Ms. Maneeporn, the daughter of the deceased, who told Mrs. Daranee Panngern, 48, the wife of the deceased Mr. Charoen, that when she first heard the news, her husband had not died. When the doctor told me I couldn't help it, I went in and looked at the condition and saw that it was too cruel. You've never had a problem with anyone, never got into a fight with anyone, never drove a car, never got in front of anyone. I'm a person who likes to help people, who has something to help you out, and I'd say that your actions like animals of this magnitude are too harsh to bear. You walk in and confess that you're wrong, what part of it is? It means how responsible you are for his whole life, he is a pillar of life. Without my dad, how would the two of us move on? You don't stop thinking that he said no, but you haven't stopped, so you're going to prosecute to the end, no matter what, won't let you down, but the fear is that he's a celebrity-related surname, afraid that the case will be overturned, afraid that the case will be silenced. "I didn't dream of him last night, so I slept. When you leave the house, there is no ominous saying whatsoever, never thought that something like this would happen to our lives. I don't usually watch TV, even Fez doesn't open it at all, only my friends express their condolences, I want to leave it to the staff to do their best work, asking them to work honestly and not to be seen by either party. We are ordinary citizens. I want the prosecution to reach the end. IF PEOPLE HAVE HAD THINGS BEFORE TO DO THIS, WE CAN ACCEPT IT, BUT THIS IS NEVER KNOWN, SO YOU COME TO DO THIS, DON'T YOU THINK ABOUT IT?" Phuket Police said the accused, who was in custody, was stressed and thought about committing suicide and tried to persuade him to talk and encourage him to remove items that he could injure himself from the detention room. Join burmese inmates to relieve stress. In terms of legal cases, during the interrogation, the investigating class must have a lawyer for the accused because the case is guilty of the death penalty. After that, the petition will be filed and taken to the Phuket Provincial Court, where the examining officer will oppose the bail because it is an outrageous case and charges of intentional killing of others and theft of property for the property of the deceased. The place where the incident occurred. 
The child of the slave on the island of Mae Gin, caused a murder, smashed the head of the house.|36-year-old son, drug slave I don't have a job, I live with my mother. My father was bedridden. He used a solid object to smash his mother's head and extinguish the house after the noise. Neighbours said the child often got into a fight with his mother, but this time he violently attacked him and killed him. At 3:50 p.m. on October 30, bua yai police officers were informed that someone had been assaulted and died at Bua Yai Hospital. Bua Yai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, therefore, went out to investigate. Mrs. Banyen Yokcard, 70 years old, a resident of Ban Bua Yai community. Bua Yai Municipality, Bua Yai District, died He was hit in the head by a solid object at the scene of the accident at the deceased's house. There were signs of assault, but the weapon used in the attack was unknown, only known to be solid by Mr. Mana Khatiya, 39, who is his son-in-law. He heard a cry for help in the house, so he ran to see it. The mother-in-law was right. Mr. Veerayuth Yokcard, 36, whose son was beaten unconscious. She was rushed to Bua Yai Hospital. Because Mrs. Fuchs lost a lot of blood. He later died at the hospital. After that, the police officers arrested the perpetrator and took him to the police station for questioning. Mr. Surachit, 68, a neighbor, said Mr. Veerayuth, the perpetrator of the crime, had been arrested. There is no work. He used to get involved in drugs and had a habit of getting into a fight with his mother. Mom is caring for her bedridden father in the house. The perpetrator had come down with his mother, but he did not know what the fight with the mother was. The police are investigating the accused to determine the cause of the assault on his own mother and file charges against the prosecution.
Police chief shows weapons clearance, breaks up drug cartels in northern region|"Big Den" Kuang 2, deputy chief of police, flew up to Chiang Rai to announce the clearance of weapons of war, break up drug gangs, and seize property in the northern area, along with 4 suspects. Found "Lieutenant Colonel" The drug traffickers ordered the government to leave. The investigation was conducted on October 30, 2022 at the Chiang Rai Provincial Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff, Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General, P.O.S., Maj. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Piya Tavichai P.O. Box 5, Maj. Gen. Duldecha Ashwasmikul Chief of Staff, Chiang Rai Province, with official City forces, administrative departments, and related agencies Joint press conference on crime clearance operations Firearms, drugs, and illegal substances are frequent crimes in which firearms are used to commit crimes. Causing loss of life, property and fear of the people. Impact on society and public order Royal Thai Police cracks down on firearms and weapons of war offenses EXPLOSIVES AND AMMUNITION, DRUG-RELATED OFFENSES AND PERSONS UNDER ARREST WARRANTS TO ENSURE THE SAFETY OF PEOPLE IN LIFE AND PROPERTY SPONSORED IN CHIANG RAI PROVINCE AT 06.00 A.M. 5th Lieutenant General, Maj. Gen. Duldecha Ashwasmikul Chief of Staff, Chiang Rai Province, with official Pha Muang forces, administrative departments, and related agencies have launched a line to clear crime and illegal activities in the area of responsibility, as well as other provinces, to deter and build public confidence. Gen. Damrongsak said that after the shocking cases, most of them were caused by the use of firearms and often involved drugs. The Royal Thai Police has adopted a policy to crack down on weapons of war. Firearms, explosives This is to ensure the safety of life and property. We have been operating since October 10-29, 2022 in the area of Provincial Police Region 5, prosecuting drug-related offenses. 4 suspects arrested and 10 suspects arrested 90,000 methamphetamine tablets and 10 kilograms of ice on October 28, 2022, on a public road at the entrance to Huai Chakan village. Continuing area Ban Pang Makong T.Ping Khong Chiang Dao, Chiang Mai Results of drug arrests 265,589 individuals seized property worth 16,433,155 baht, 1,658 offenses related to firearms, weapons of war, explosives and ammunition"In the case of the arrest of a police officer under the immigration police who was found guilty of conspiracy to commit drug-related offenses in Mae Sai district, Chiang Rai province, he was known to be involved and coordinated with the drug trafficking movement. The police chief said. For the suppression of narcotics, it was previously assigned to Maj. Gen. Chinpat. Sarasin, deputy chief of police, coordinates with drug enforcement officers in neighboring countries. It started in Myanmar first to cooperate in preventing and intercepting precursors to be sent to neighboring countries, as well as the exchange of information of drug trafficking networks, which will be suppressed in the future. IN THE FUTURE, WITH SPONSORED MR. VICHAI CHAIMONGKOL The Secretary-General revealed that the P.O.S. has always integrated its collaboration with the Royal Thai Police. Supporting drug testing kits or others for use in drug trafficking missions In the field of the task of intercepting the drug epidemic. The P.P.S. will supervise the sale of pill crushers. At the moment, there is no supervision, anyone can buy it. Next, cooperation from the relevant authorities must be sought that it must be sold only to companies that produce legal medical supplies. sodium cyanide is one of the precursors. Although it is a chemical that can be legally traded, it must be regulated for domestic use only. No exports to neighboring countries are allowed in addition to clearing drug and firearms trafficking convoys. The Royal Thai Police has also a policy to rehabilitate and treat drug addicts. To meet and talk with those who have stopped using drugs and encourage them to return to being good people of society.
Young gambling addict, robbing a disabled lottery dealer, bowing to his feet, apologizing|The villain bowed to his feet, remorseful. After committing a robbery, a disabled woman pushes a wheelchair to sell lottery tickets in front of King Taksin Park. Sukhumvit Road Pattaya Arrivals Using a knife to steal cash, property, and money to gamble online at 2.00 p.m. on October 30, 2022, Lt. Col. Navin Sindhurat, Director of The Banglamung Police Department, Chonburi province, together with Lt. Col. Somchai Wongpoonsuk. The deputy police chief and investigators were detained. Mr. Vasil or Tap Sinhapukam, 27, went to make a plan to plead guilty at the crime scene. In front of King Taksin Park Sukhumvit Road Pattaya Arrivals M.4 Bang Lamung Bang Lamung, Chon Buri After the robbery, he used a knife to steal the property. Disabled girls selling lotteries with Ms. Pukthong Kuthong, 55, was the victim. He said that while conducting patrols in the area of responsibility. On the evening of October 27, we received a report of a disabled person being hijacked by a gangster in front of King Taksin Park. Sukhumvit Road Pattaya Arrivals After receiving the report, the investigators rushed to investigate. At the scene of the accident, the victim, a disabled woman selling lotteries, was in a state of shock and fear, sitting in a wheelchair with a tight hug on the lottery stall. Upon arriving at the crime scene, he stopped his wheelchair to open his phone to see the text message, and then found the culprit to be a Thai man. Wearing a grey shirt and black shorts. Wearing a motorcycle helmet, he turned around and used a paper cover to disguise the license plate before circling the car back to make a request to buy a lottery worth more than 5,000 baht. The assailants drove to the side and threatened him with a knife before grabbing his cell phone and backpack. Inside, there was about 4,000 baht in cash, a three-king necklace, and a gold amulet that was worshipped with him to enhance his fortune in trading. After the incident, a team of investigative police officers was deployed to the area to check CCTV footage along the escape route. And interrogate the surrounding witnesses to find the whereabouts of the villain until it is found that the villain escaped into a rented room in the 8th grade area. Therefore, the force was eventually arrested. The investigation revealed the clothes worn on the day of the incident. The central bag was dumped in the woods near the house, confessing that the reason for the crime was because he wanted to make money to gamble online. The perpetrator felt remorse for committing the crime against the disabled person without a fight before bowing to the victim's feet and apologizing for the act. He later made a plan to accompany the confession. The police detained the perpetrators along with their belongings. Send an investigator to prosecute the case.
18-year-old man fatally shot by a local - Hurry up and drag your neck.|Relatives of police officers rush to arrest 18-year-old man to see doctor Lam Boonkathin, dreaded case not creep - reveals that the shooter is the son of a former police officer. Police target teens Believed to be locals, they are mobilizing to find clues and hunt for prosecution. On Oct. 31, 2022, reporters reported that Mr. Wayu Sittivichai, 18, a resident of Nakhon Phanom province, was shot and seriously injured. While visiting Boon Kathin Samakkhi at Ban Lao School. Lao Pattana Nawa District, Nakhon Phanom Province In the middle of the night on October 30, relatives filed a police report and urged the police to speed up the investigation and track down the culprit to prosecute the case, including a Facebook post asking social media users to help find clues to tie up the culprit. Relatives of the injured He said that from inquiring about the injured, he also testified. He said that on the day of the incident, he had been visiting a kathin unity party with about 10 friends, there was no quarrel at the event. While standing on the side of the road near the school where Dr. Lam is displayed. There is a red sedan. The brand and registration are unknown. The driver of the sedan then expressed his displeasure, and sought out the injured group despite having no previous quarrels. The injured driver remembered that the driver of the sedan pulled out a gun and fired several shots until he could not immediately dodge the bullets, so he was shot and injured. Before being sent to Nakhon Phanom Hospital for treatment, the injured confirmed that they recognized the shooter, a villager named Mr. Young (pseudonym) and the son of a former village chief in a nearby village. Therefore, I would like to urge the police to expedite the investigation and collect evidence. To arrest the perpetrators and take legal action." Relatives of the injured IDENTIFIED SPONSORED ON THE SIDE OF LT. COL. CHAITHATRASAMI PROMSIRI, DIRECTOR OF THE NAWA POLICE DEPARTMENT. He said police had mobilized a team of investigators and anti-suppression police to collect evidence at the scene but found no shell casings, presumably revolvers. The size is unknown, and the suspect was found to be driving a red sedan. Unknown models and registration numbers circled near the injured group until the driver pulled out an unknown-sized firearm and fired several shots. One person was injured and one person was injured at the event, and there was no altercation at the event due to the presence of police and administrative personnel. But the incident occurred when a group of injured people were about to return home. Initially, the investigation of witnesses is underway. More than 10 people were among the injured. It is believed to be a local man and will expedite the investigation to gather evidence and find clues to arrest the culprit for prosecution as soon as possible.
Gangs, security guards, slashing, cutting lightning rods, flats, weaving. Worth more than 200,000 baht|5 security guards Smuggling lightning rods, welfare flats, weaving. Don Mueang area worth more than 200,000 baht Take it to an antique shop. Share money to spend daily - buy methamphetamine at midnight October 31, 2022 Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit Pm 2 received a report from Lt. Col. Rangsan Teach Singh, Director of Don Mueang Police Department, and Lt. Col. Mahapol Meesen, Deputy Director of Don Mueang Police Department. In the case of leading the investigation team Don Mueang police arrested Mr. Philosophy or Ton Sam Thong, 37 years old, Mr. Sakrin or Solo Pinyapan, 37 years old, 3. Happy relatives. 43 years old, 4.Mr. Kanokpol or Golf Wat Phum Phuang, 36 years old, and Mr. Power or Tao Run Charoen, 38 years old, with 1 steel cutter, 1 tool bag, clothes worn in the crime, Toyota Corola sedan, pig's blood, Chonburi registration, emergency lights, special operations sticker. Security Company "Duangporndee" They were all arrested at one of the houses. Dechatungka Road, Sikan On the afternoon of October 30, 2022, the arrest was made on October 26, 2022, at approximately 10:25 a.m. On October 17, 2022, at approximately 1:00 p.m., investigators found a metal lightning rod installed on the rooftop of four buildings (flats) worth about 200,000 baht, which were stolen by 3-5 male criminals. The officers then investigated until they learned that the mob had committed two crimes, the first on Oct. 15, 2022, and the second on Oct. 24, 2022. A red Corola model with Chonburi registration drove to park in the parking area of the building. HE THEN WALKED UP TO CUT THE LIGHTNING ROD INTO A SACK AND HID IT IN THE CAR AND DROVE AWAY. It was parked on the edge of the wall at the foot of the bridge over the Prem Pracha Canal. In front of the bronze carpet community Therefore, the surveillance force found a man who looked exactly as he was on CCTV, and walked to the car and quickly stalked him. The man was found walking to a house and it was reported that the house was frequented by teenagers who were abusing drugs, so he asked the police to search the five suspects, which matched the CCTV footage in the house. Before the detention, come to investigate at According to the investigation, Mr. Philosophy, the leader of the gang, confessed that he was working with the real perpetrators by working as the line leader of a security company. As for the lightning rod, it was sold at an antique shop on ARD Road. In Pathum Thani province, 16,000 baht was spent on daily expenses and purchased methamphetamine, police said, adding that the police had charged them with "conspiracy to commit burglary using a vehicle or receiving stolen goods, and drug paraphernalia" due to urine tests that showed drugs in the bodies of the 5 accused before detaining them and sending them to the police for further legal proceedings.
The popular page leads the betting experts to provide information on "Big Joke", the knot of 100 casinos in Bangkok.|Fat Uncle One of the victims reported being robbed of more than 5 million in Ramintra district. Insist on never cheating money. Q. Was "Santhana" in the pit at the time of the incident or was involved in gambling? As far as I know, the metropolitan area is unlikely to have a pit, but there is information in the area of Por Por 1 that there is still a pit open at 09.15 am on 31 October 2022 at the police club. Vibhavadi Rangsit Road Mr. Universe Yellowprasert and the Silk Road team must be saved. 5 gamblers, victims of ramintra gambling robbery of more than 5 million baht After accusing them of cheating on gambling, he said: Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, who provided information on more than 100 gambling establishments throughout Bangkok and the vicinity of Uncle Fat, one of the victims, said he would provide information about gambling houses. But he could not reveal it in front of the media for fear of danger. It's not. Mr. Santhana Prayurarat The former Special Branch police officer told the media that they had not been robbed and were still involved in gambling, so he asked if Mr. Santhana was in the pit at the time of the incident or was involved in gambling. He also denied that he had never cheated money from gambling because no gambler would dare to fight with the gambling house. Asked if there was a real gambler in the country, he would have been rich, and if they had cheated, he would have been rich as well, Uncle Fat said, admitting that he was ready to be prosecuted as a gambler as well, but to come out today because he wants justice, as a victim of physical abuse, ready to fight hard and tell the truth. Admit that the latter is news. The victim claimed that there are still gambling facilities in Bangkok and that influential people who take care of the benefits of gambling have confirmed that they have gambled in dozens of casinos and many of them are still open, but most of them are closed in October because it is the appointment season. The information in this section will be given to the Deputy Commissioner for further information. As for the fact that Mr. Santhana came out to provide that there is a real gambling house in Thailand, Pol. Gen. Surachet said that the case has been going on for several months, which the Police Commissioner ordered to investigate the facts, so he invited The Silk Road page to be brought to the victim to meet for investigation and investigation. The case will be divided into matters of carrying gamblers into detention, and if there is a real gambling pit, it is considered that the authorities have released the negligence. In the case of the victim claiming that there are more than 100 gambling houses throughout Bangkok, including the Provincial Police Region 1, if it is found to exist, it must be completely wiped out. After receiving the information, it is found that there are gambling facilities in which areas to report. The Police Commissioner knows before proceeding to proceed honestly.
P.S. Collect "Ah Yong" CHINESE CAPITALIST TRICKS THAIS INTO SCAMMER|State Police Collect "Ah Yong" Chinese capitalists deceive Thai workers to work in neighboring countries FORCED TO BE A SCAMMER, CHATTING WITH VICTIMS ONLINE, INVESTING IN CRYPTOCURRENCY OR BITCOIN BUSINESS AT 10:30 A.M. ON OCTOBER 31, 2022 AT THE POLICE SUPPRESSION DIVISION. Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej The Director general with Maj. Gen. Saruti Sopha Chief Of Staff, Lt. Col. Surapong Chatsut, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Maj. Gen. Man Meng yam, 9th Lt. Col. The 4th Police Department jointly announced the results of the arrest. Huang Tianyong or Ayong, 33, a Chinese national, under Criminal Court Warrant No. 1112/2021 dated July 8, 2021, charged with conspiracy by two or more persons to commit trafficking offenses and three or more persons or by members of a criminal organization committing trafficking offenses through the wrongful exploitation of forced labor. AFTER HIS ARREST, HE WAS ARRESTED IN THE PARKING LOT OF RAMINTRA ROAD, ANUSAWARI SUBDISTRICT, BANG KHEN DISTRICT, BANGKOK. He said that at the beginning of 2021, Huang, along with 19 members of a transnational criminal network consisting of Chinese, Thai, Malaysian, Filipino and Burmese people, tricked Thais into working by advertising on the internet. Mae Sot, Tak When a believer falls to work, they are forced to cross over to the Myawaddy side. Myanmar through natural channels Upon arrival, they will be taken to JinXin Holdings Co., Ltd., located in Myawaddy, and then forced to work as scammers, scamming others through social media in a way that tricks them into investing money in a cryptocurrency or bitcoin business.  He added that in the past, the authorities were able to assist seven victims of these scams, interrogated them until they learned that the accused would create fake profiles on applications such as Tinder, Badoo, Blumboo, Jaumo Dating, etc., and then force these labor victims to use them to talk and ask for personal information and persuade people to invest. When someone is interested in returning, it will be forwarded to the team leader, who is Malaysian and Filipino, to proceed. Each day, victims are forced to work 12 hours a day. If anyone refuses to work or does not work according to the specified amount, they will be punished by being sent to a "black room" or physically assaulted by shaving their hair and using electric shock. This makes it impossible for the victim to resist. If any of the victims wish to return to the country, they will have to pay a ransom of 50,000 baht to be released. Some people have to have relatives take the car as a pawn or borrow money outside the system to bring it to the accused. In exchange for his release. Investigators gathered evidence and asked the court to issue a warrant for his arrest, along with seven arrestees, Police said. The arresting officers learned that Mr. Ayong had returned to Thailand in November 2016. In May 2022, there is a boxing camp called "Ahyong Gyms" as well as being a promoter for organizing boxing in various arenas. In Thailand, they were tracked down and arrested. From the initial interrogation, give a refusal. Sent to the investigating officer Kg. 4. Take legal action and prepare to expand the investigation of the business of the accused to see if the money invested is the proceeds of the offense.
Savage stormed the house and fired 4 shots at the same man. Tying an affair|The mob stormed the house and fired 4 shots. He recently got out of jail for obstructing an officer. While ambushing his wife at another man's house and being attacked by the host. The police came to arrest him, but resisted, expecting it to be caused by an affair or a personal affair in the middle of the night on October 30, 2022. The Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Bang Na Bong Wach Police Station, Suphanburi province, was informed that someone had been shot and killed at the house no. 42/1 Moo 7, Paknam Subdistrict. Lt. Col. Nikorn Beetlepung, Director The Police Department is investigating. K.S.S.P.Suphanburi Forensic Officer Dr. Suphanburi Medical Center, Old Bangna Bongwach Hospital, Suphanburi Rescue Foundation The original district of Bang Na Bok Wach where the crime occurred was a one-story wooden house raised under the basement of the house, found a large pile of blood. On the mattress above the house, the soulless body of Mr. Silpchai Phumcharoen, 41, was shot with a .45 mm firearm in the middle of the head and collarbone, including 4 shots, and died in a pool of blood on the mattress. But today, at the time of the incident, the brother had gone outside the house, leaving the deceased lying alone and supposedly asleep. Around 8:40 p.m., while he was watching YouTube on his mobile phone at another house nearby, he heard four gunshots. Seeing the villain running down the stairs of the house toward the front of the house, then there was the sound of a motorcycle driving away, so he rushed up to the house to see his son, but did not answer. When he noticed the bleeding in his head, he realized that his son had been shot, so he shouted to his daughter and relatives who were at home next door and called rescuers to take him to the hospital. SPONSORED, MR. SAMRUAM, TESTIFIED THAT HIS SON HAD JUST BEEN ACQUITTED OF THE CHARGE OF OBSTRUCTING THE OFFICER'S DUTIES FOR 5 MONTHS BECAUSE THE SON WAS SPYING ON HIS WIFE, WHO WAS SUSPECTED OF HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH ANOTHER MAN. When they arrived, they found their wife at the house of the man in question. He broke into the man's home. The man's parents called the police and charged him with trespassing. After the officers arrived, they arrested their son, but the son refused to be arrested. He was charged by the police with obstructing the officer's performance of his duties. The case against the relatives was cleared and settled. He was jailed for 5 months and was acquitted 9 days after being acquitted for about 3 days. He came to the deceased's house and stayed two by two, until in the evening his brother returned from work. He asked his brother to take his ex-wife to his mother's house. Later, the deceased went to drink with a group of friends and there was a shout almost to get down the woodwork, but someone forbade it, so they dispersed. Thereafter, the son did not go out, but the house even before the incident, the younger brother, who slept together, went outside the house, the deceased went to sleep alone. He is thought to have been shot and killed by several shots while sleeping, which is likely to be both his ex-wife and a fight in a drinking ring. Pol. Col. Nikorn Beetlechun, the former police chief of Bang Na Bong Wach, said that after investigating the crime scene and preliminary investigation, it was assumed that it was likely due to jealousy and personal problems. The suspect is now known. He is expected to be prosecuted soon.
P.O.1 Close Job The employee brutally kicked the employer out. The corpse was dumped in disguise, and he was fired for his job.|P.O.1 Director general announces job closure A former employee brutally kicked his employer out. Bring the body and dispose of the case. He was fired from his job, lost his job, had no money, and his wife was 6 months pregnant, so he accumulated stress before he went to sit and drink until he got drunk, so he committed the crime, then sold his ex-employer's car at 10.30 a.m. on October 31, 2022 at Bang kaeo Police Station. Lt. Gen. Jirapat Phumjit P.O.C.1, Maj. Gen. Palpol Aromla Samut Prakan Police Chief, Maj. Gen. Mongkol Onkaew, Bangkaew Police Chief, jointly held a press conference on the arrest. Mr. Jirasak or New Lunch Class 20 years old, living at 70 Moo 6, Bang Talat. Khlong Keun District Chachoengsao Province, a former employee, according to the arrest warrant of Samut Prakan Provincial Court No. 703/2565 dated 30 October 2022, accused of intentionally killing others and stealing property causing death to others. secrete Move or destroy the corpse to conceal the death or death, along with 1 Samsung mobile phone, 1 Oppo mobile phone, and 1 Martin steel-headed shoes. 1 pair of hand tools, 25 items of hand tools can be arrested at the inside of Soi Wat Bamphen Nuea. MINBURI, BANGKOKSPONSORED, FROM ON 29 OCTOBER 2022 AT 5.50 P.M. Bangkaew police were informed that the body of a man lying dead face down in the undergrowth near Suriya village, 1 m.9. Bang kaeo Bangplee, Samut Prakan Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Bangkaew Police Station, together with the investigation kit, bangkaew police went to investigate. The body of an unknown man was found lying face down, wearing only navy chwan kedo panties, no shirt and pants. There are wood chips covering the body and head. Both ankles are tied with blue woven ropes. He was presumed dead for about 4 days, so he was joined by samutprakarn and bangplee hospital doctors. Investigating the scene and the cause of death, it was later learned that the deceased was Mr. Makornthawat or Tong Kongwattanapong, 37 years old, address 1/2145 Soi Bophit Wittaya School, Phra Khanong Tai Subdistrict, Phra Khanong District, Bangkok. He was a home and building contractor who died as a result of murder and was left behind, and then continued to investigate until he learned that the culprit who committed the murder was Mr. Jirasak or New. He was arrested at noon and later arrested. Mr. Jirasak can be inside Soi Wat Bamphen Nuea. Therefore, he was brought in for questioning. Mr. Jirasak confessed that he actually committed the crime due to the frustration that was dismissed by the deceased. In the middle of the night on the night of the incident on October 27, 2022, he came to warehouse no. 19/39, Moo 3, Bang Kaeo. It is the room of Mr. Makornthawat or Tong Kongwattanapong, the deceased. When I arrived, I opened the door and slid in. The deceased saw himself and hurried to the room. He then ran into the deceased's room. He then punched the deceased's right temple once and knocked them both down. When he gained a foothold, he hit the deceased on his knees once and fell. He then kicked the deceased's torso several times and repeatedly kicked the deceased's neck several times until the deceased passed out. During that time, he admitted that he repeatedly kicked the deceased's neck and torso again for fear of recovery, until he was sure that he was dead, so he used a rope in the trunk of the car to tie the deceased's legs. Before putting it in the car and throwing it on the side of the road. After that, the hand tools in the back of the car were sold, including the car and motorcycle of the deceased, until the officers followed up and arrested Lt. Gen. Jirapat Phumjit. P.W.1 said that in this case, the accused confessed to having committed the crime due to his frustration with work and the delayed wages paid by the deceased. Also, before the incident, the accused contracted COVID and had to stop working, leaving no money to spend. His wife was six months pregnant and therefore had accumulated stress until she was discharged from the hospital where she was admitted on October 26 and had bought alcohol and drank until she became drunk and decided to come to the deceased's room to clear up the problems. Upon arrival, he committed the crime by punching and kicking him with his steel-headed boots several times until he died. After the crime, fearing guilt, the deceased's car was taken to the side of the road. The deceased's motorcycle was then parked in front of a convenience store. Before fleeing the area, the accused planned to create the whole story as if the deceased were still alive. By taking the deceased's phone, posting a new job in Songkhla and Samut Prakan, as well as posting the sale of motorcycles and cars of the deceased, until he was able to successfully sell cars and motorcycles. The accused then contacted his wife and confessed to committing the crime until the investigating department followed up and arrested him. After this, the track effect will be extended to track the cars and motorcycles sold along the way. THE DECEASED'S CAR AND MOTORCYCLE BUYERS WERE KNOWN TO BE ILLEGAL AND SOLD OVERSEAS. Mr. Jirasak or New Lunch Class Go to make a plan to assemble a confession at warehouse no. 19/39 Moo 3, Bang kaeo. The room of Mr. Makarthawat or Tong Kongwattanapong, the deceased, who committed the murder before putting the body in the deceased's car and dumping it in the undergrowth near Suriya village, 1 M.9. Bang kaeo He returned to take the motorcycle and fled to Det. Det. Chat. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Bangkaeo Police Station After making a plan to accompany the confession, he was taken into custody. Mr. Jirasak or New Lunch Class He is accused of intentionally killing others and causing the death of others. secrete MOVE OR DESTROY A CORPSE TO CONCEAL THE DEATH OR CAUSE OF DEATH.SPONSORED
A gang of brutal dragons carrying their victims cut off their fingers. Send a picture to a fan to extort 30 million|Chinese gang in Pattaya carrying compatriots, cutting fingers Hand stabbing, baseball bat strike The victim jumped the house and fled to call for help, and the Thai girlfriend revealed that the culprit sent a clip to show with a cut finger placed on his lap, demanding a ransom of 30 million baht on the morning of October 31. Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, was informed that a Chinese person had been attacked by cutting off his finger. Hand stabbing Use a baseball bat to strike. Severe symptoms inside the house A housing estate Moo 9, T.Pong After receiving the notification, he went to check with the police, the investigation department, and the Sawang Boriboon Foundation rescue team. Pattaya town where the accident occurred is a luxury housing estate behind a house. The body of a Chinese man was found. Mr. Ren Haibo, 41, suffered a broken right little finger. Right palm and lower left arm There were 3 sharp stab wounds, a swollen right eye socket, and several green bruises on the body. Rescuers had to provide first aid and then rushed to Bangkok-Pattaya Hospital for preliminary investigation, knowing that 1 day earlier (October 30), Ms. Mew (pseudonym), 20 years old, the girlfriend of the Chinese national, had informed The Deputy Inspector General of Police of Pattaya that her Chinese boyfriend had disappeared, fearing that she would be harmed. The informant's girlfriend hangs out with friends on Walking Street. It uses Toyota brand cars. It wasn't until about 09.30 a.m. on the same day that the informant learned from MR. REN HAIBO's brother that MR. REN HAIBO had been taken away by the villains and that the informant had contacted him via Telegram application. The assailant then sent a video clip of MR. REN HAIBO in a tied-out manner, hands tied, feet tied. The face and eyes are wrapped with adhesive tape. There are fingers on the lap. The villains demanded a ransom of 30 million baht. In exchange for release. The informant then handed over the money to the culprit 3 times, 50,000 baht each, totaling 150,000 baht through crypto wallet channels. The police are rushing to prove whether it is the house where the mob attacked the victims, but initially it was known that this morning the injured person tried to run away from the house by jumping down from the 2nd floor and running to the village for help. Call the police to help.  Meanwhile, Police found the victim's car, a black Toyota Fortuner, license number 1088, Chonburi, parked. Roadside at the edge of Mabprachan Reservoir About 3 km away from the accident site, witnesses confirmed that 1 Chinese person drove to the parking lot. At around 3 p.m. on Oct. 30, he disappeared to police. It was revealed that the mob, whose number is still unknown, had committed a ransom attack by sending footage of the assault to the injured girlfriend. 30 million baht In exchange for release. As for the behavior of the perpetrator, he used a baseball bat to hit him. Use scissors to cut fingers and stab the victim in the hand and arm before the victim escapes. The police are in the process of pursuing the case and prosecuting them.
Open 2 safe pubs for Chinese people, no drugs, win 3 more boxes, send big police to conclude|Police opened two secret Jinling pub safes stored in the entertainment venue where the incident occurred, only the shop's documents were found, and 120 baht of money was found with no drugs. The other 3 safes are in the hotel. Wait for Big Police to draw conclusions from the police raid on Jinling Entertainment Venue. In the locality of Yannawa Police Station A large number of Chinese tourists and drugs were found. The safe was found at 2:00 p.m. on Oct. 31, 2022, at Yannawa Police Station. Lt. Col. Nattapol Komintarachat, Deputy Chief of Staff, 6th District, Yannawa Police Department It was revealed that the locksmith opened 2 safes together with the Central Forensic Division officers and the P.P.S. officers, which were kept inside Jinling Entertainment Venue since the day of the incident. From opening and checking inside the safe. Only old and new documents such as members and receipts, etc., as well as the shop's form documents that were filled out when using the service, were found in several clear plastic wraps. No illegal items or happy water drugs were found, so the documents were returned for inspection, while the 2 safes were kept as belongings at the scene. The Central Forensic Division, along with P.P.S. officers and locksmiths, went to the inspection without allowing the media to record the footage. The results of the inspection are currently not completed, so it is not possible to determine what is inside. Sponsored Lt. Col. Nattapol said that in the Jinling entertainment case the officers seized a total of 6 safes, 1 of which had been opened since the day the police searched and arrested them. More than 400 packets of "Happy Water" drugs were found inside, the same type that was found inside the entertainment venue on the day of the earlier arrest operation.
Drunk on methamphetamine, kicking and punching "mom" Lying dead|Prepare to pay for karma He was addicted to alcohol, methamphetamine, and drunk every time he beat his mother. This time, he kicked, punched, and knocked the biological father unconscious. Relatives must help each other and inform the rescuers to send them to the hospital. But he could not bear the poison and died at 2.00 p.m. on October 31, 2022, Lt. Col. Narongsak Emlang, inspector of Bua Yai Police Station, revealed that the child hit his mother to death by Mr. Theerayuth Yokcard, 36 years old, at the house at 33 Bua Yai Road, 4 Bua Yai. Bua Yai regularly drank alcohol and used methamphetamine, used his hands and feet, beating, kicking and punching Mrs. Banyen Yokcard, 70 years old, who is a regular birth mother. She was unable to regain consciousness and kicked and punched her mother without holding her hand until Mrs. Fuchsia cried out loudly in pain. Relatives next door and nearby came to the rescue of Mrs. Fuyen, who was unconscious at the house. Bua Yai Hospital with Dr. Aliya Parinyanuwat, a doctor, together with the nursing staff, went to the heart pump to help, but Mrs. Banyen could not stand the poison wound and later died. Therefore, he reported it to Lt. Col. Thongdee Khotpatum. Deputy Inspector General of Investigation Director of The Bua Yai Police Department Then Lieutenant Colonel Boonsom Mayhan S.W.P. Lt. Col. Nattapol Akaruan The deputy chief of police then led the police force to arrest him. Mr. Teerayuth can lift the card at home. BROUGHT TO TRIAL, BRUTALLY MURDERED MOTHER
Chinese dragon gang holds 30 million ransom for found, parks victim's car before fleeing|"Big Joke" prepares to take charge of Chinese dragon gang, ransom of 30 million, cut fingers, stab hands, torture compatriots Police tracked down the victim's car and dumped it on the side of the road before fleeing, prompting several units to hunt down the victim, 41-year-old REN HAIBO, a Chinese national. Being attacked by an unknown number of mobs of the same nationality. The incident came out of one of the entertainment venues. Walking Street Then came the arrest in a luxury housing estate. Inside Soi Pornprapanimit 34 Moo 9 T.Pong Then the mob committed the crime. Using blindfolds, tying legs, cutting fingers, stabbing knives and baseball bats, he sent a video of the torture of the victim to Ms. Lertra Supasiripundit, 20, the victim's girlfriend, and demanded a ransom of 30 million baht. In exchange for freedom, the boyfriend saw the scene and informed the police, and the victim fled. Jump from the balcony from the 2nd floor to ask for help from the villagers. In the evening (October 31), the police of the Forensic Division, District 2, Chonburi, came to inspect a black Toyota Fortuner, registration Number 1088 Chonburi, which was the victim's car, which was parked about 3 km away from the housing estate. In addition, it was found that the front windshield of the car had cracks due to the criminals removing the front camera of the car. The vehicle was found to be parked by a man resembling a Chinese. Ms Joy (pseudonym), 40, the owner of a beer bar near where the car was parked, said that around 3pm on October 30, she saw the car parked in a similar manner to the driver until she almost hit the rear. When he parked his car and walked down to the store, he instructed his subordinates to see who the fortuner driver was because he wondered why he was driving like this. As for the fortuner driver. When the car was parked, the driver sat in the car for more than 5 minutes before walking out of the car, wearing a white shirt and pink shorts, similar to a Chinese person, and then disappeared. Immigration Police Tourist Police The provincial investigative police and the investigative police region 2 have been investigating the chinese gang. Lt. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, is coming to investigate and supervise the case on his own.
Deputy Governor of Chonburi Change of accused, guilty of 3 charges, ordered to bounce into the vault|"Big Joke" slaughtered "Deputy Governor Chonburi" for serious disciplinary offenses. Change the accused Drug gangs raid Pattaya pool villa to collect debts so that the guilty person does not have to be punished. Ordered to move into P.W.2 with 3 charges on October 31, 2022. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisaranachai, Ph.D. 2 Maj. Gen. Kittanet Thananantaweesin Chonburi Police Chief Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Pattaya City Police Chief, attended the briefing. A gang of able-bodied men raided a pool villa after a group of 6 able-bodied men used a red Toyota Alpard vehicle. Buk Phlu Villa, Jomtien Beach, Pattaya City, Chonburi Province, searched for the debtor but could not find it. He used a firearm to shoot the tires of 3 victims' cars and then used the handle of the gun to smash his head, injuring 5 people before dispersing to escape the crime. AFTER THE POLICE INVESTIGATED, THE GANGMATES CONTACTED HIM TO SURRENDER, BUT IT TURNED OUT THAT A GOAT HAD BEEN HIRED TO SMEAR THE OFFICERS IN HOPES OF SURVIVING THE SPONSORED PRISON FOR THE CASE. A total of 10 suspects were arrested, including 6 perpetrators and 2 accomplices, as well as 2 contractors, and 8 victims were prosecuted for having drugs in their bodies. Found evidence that Lt. Col. Kornwat Hanpradit Deputy Chief of Staff, Chonburi Province In order to prevent the real perpetrators from being prosecuted, the Provincial Police Region 2 has set up a committee to investigate serious disciplinary offenses and report charges under Section 149 for being a beneficiary officer, Section 157 for being an officer performing dishonest duties, and Section 200 for being an investigating officer. In order for the public to have confidence in the bureaucracy and to be like even government officials. When they make mistakes, they are also punished.
Horrible girl killed buried in mud on a mountain in the middle of a forest in Chiang Mai|The body of a 37-year-old girl was found buried in mud in a trench on a mountain in Mae Ai district, Chiang Mai province. A preliminary examination revealed that the face had been hit by a solid object and that there was bleeding ears. The husband revealed that he had taken the baby home for an hour and had not seen his wife anymore. Search for drag marks in the pigsty. While the police found a suspicious junkie near the scene of the accident, on October 30, 2022, the Radio Center of Mae Ai Police Station, Chiang Mai province, received a report that the body of a woman was found killed in the mud near the house without a number. M.10 Tha Ton District Mae Aye District, Chiang Mai Province, Lt. Col. Kritpol Adornfruit The deputy chief of police, Mae Aye, then went to check with the investigating officers, doctors of Mae Aye Hospital and rescuers. At the time of the incident, the body was found. Ms. Nantawan Japo, 37, a chiang mai resident, lay dead in a muddy trench and crushed by a banana tree. From the examination of the condition of the corpse. The left side of the face was found to have been hit by a solid object, and there was bleeding in the right ear hole. The rescuers then took the body to Mae Aye SPONSORED Hospital for autopsy. Mr. Alupha Sanchan, 55, the deceased's husband, testified that he found his wife's body at about 10 a.m. and ate with her two children and then took them home a short distance from the crime scene. By 11:00 a.m., he had not found his wife, so he searched and found some items from the pigsty area near the property. He told his nephew to help him find his wife's body buried in a trench between the mountains, about 400 meters from the property. Mr. Chakkrit Sanmi was near the scene and had a suspicious posture, so he was detained for drug testing in his urine. Found to have narcotic substances in the body, initially informed of the charge of "class 1 drug abuse" and detained and sent to Fang Police Station for further investigation in order to continue the legal proceedings.
2 gangs cleared of problems, shot and wounded 3, picked up traps in front of the hospital.|"Teens - Little Market Teens" After 2 high school girls quarreled with men on social media, but negotiations did not escalate, they were shot and stabbed and injured 3, 1 was arrested by the police, 1 did not finish, and they waited in front of the hospital, hoping for revenge. The last time he knew the shooter was in the process of chasing the prosecution. At 8:30 p.m. on Oct. 31, 2022, Lt. Col. Insorn Udtib S.W.A. (investigation) Yannawa Police Department received a report of an altercation in a park under taksin BTS station. The injured person went to investigate, along with patrol officers, investigators and grateful foundation volunteers at the scene of the accident. About 100 meters away, 3 injured people were taken to Lerdsin Hospital. Miss B (pseudonym), 17 years old, 5th grade student A famous school student suffered a gunshot wound to his right ankle. The second victim, Mr A (pseudonym), aged 19, was stabbed with scissors in the abdomen and hit by a large artery. Severe symptoms The last victim, 16-year-old Mr. Nok (pseudonym), was stabbed in the back of his left hand by scissors. In addition, at the scene, the investigating officers were able to arrest 1 perpetrator, known as Mr. Settawut Maksom, 20 years old, with 1 bloody scissors. In anticipation of the wounded, authorities mobilized investigators and dozens of patrol officers to blockade the front of the hospital. A group of teenagers dispersed and fled. However, authorities were able to arrest two teenagers, Mr. Tong and Mr. Nott (pseudonym), aged 17, with a modified blank revolver and five rounds of .38-caliber ammunition and a 1-foot-long pocket knife placed under the seat of a Honda motorcycle. PCX WHITE, BANGKOK REGISTRATION, THEN TAKEN TO YANNAWA POLICE STATION FOR INVESTIGATION. Surapol Kosarutta, 66, a park security guard, testified that he was in the middle of the attack. There was a group of about 9 male teenagers driving 3 cars, while the other group was about 5-6 men and 1 woman. The bleeding does not stop. The other suffered minor injuries. Friends of the injured group helped bring the victims to Lerdsin Hospital. Born from high school girls, famous schools in Rama 3 area and famous girls' high schools in Bang Rak area. Therefore, there was an appointment to clear the problem between 2 groups of teenagers, namely Khlong Toei teenagers and low-market teenagers. Mr. Tong and Mr. Knott learned that their friend had been shot, so they called them to help, but they were arrested first.
"Hurry up the hunt," Win savage took the children, lifted them, and stabbed the disabled meatball merchant to death. |Win Jai took the children, stomped on the handicapped meatball vendor, and repeatedly stabbed his friend with a knife. Seriously injured, lying bloodied in front of Seven. Rescuers helped transport the hospital The police are aware of the attackers and are prepared to surrender - if they are still fleeing, an arrest warrant will be issued at 21.00 a.m. on October 31, 2022. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Plutaluang police received a report of someone being injured with a knife. The incident occurred in front of a 7-Eleven convenience store. At the 6th kilometer red light intersection, Plutaluang subdistrict, Sattahip district, Chonburi province, they went to check with the rescuers of Sawang Rojana Thammasat Sattahip Foundation at the scene of the accident, found 1 injured, a man with a disability in his left leg, stabbed with a knife in the left and right frame. Lying in a pile of blood next to the car. Converted into a fried meatball truck. Severe symptoms The next name is Mr. Phanom Chitrajeon, 52, a resident of Rayong province, who has a career as a fried meatball vendor. The rescuers rushed to the scene with first aid and rushed to Queen Sirikit Hospital for treatment. The Navy Medical Department, after questioning eyewitnesses, said that the injured man frequently spoke with Mr. Den, a hired driver. The reason was due to the parking lot before the incident. Mr. Den and his son, along with 4-5 other friends, assaulted the injured man, then a tall, thin teenage man, about 20 years old, who was one of the attackers, used a knife to stab the injured person until he fell to the ground. HEAD TO THE RED LIGHT JUNCTION KM 10 SPONSORED BASICALLY. Police have invited eyewitnesses for further interrogation and checked cctv cameras at the scene to find evidence of the mob's arrest. The police knew almost all of the perpetrators. Prepare to surrender. If they continue to flee, they will seek the approval of an arrest warrant for further legal proceedings.
"Somsak" fills the gap in "sodium cyanide" hopes to close the source of drug production|"Somsak" discusses drug problems, fills the gap, "sodium cyanide" is exported as a precursor to drug production. In 2022, 1,150 tonnes were imported, but 810 tonnes were exported, producing more than 16,060 million methamphetamine pills. Hoping to close the source of overgrown craft production. Preparing to brew urgently On October 31, 2022, at the P.O.S. Office. Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice, presided over the meeting to discuss the urgent drug problem. In accordance with the government policy to find ways to control sodium cyanide. Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Mr. Chulapong Thaweesri Director General, Department of Industrial Works Mr. Mana Siripittayawat Deputy Secretary-General Maj. Gen. Banpot aimed at the middle edge. Deputy Commissioner of Narcotics Control Police and related agencies Mr. Somsak said that the meeting was held today. From Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister Want to expedite follow-up drug solutions In the wake of the quake in Nong Bua Lamphu province, all agencies had to integrate to intercept sodium cyanide, which was used as a drug, which in the past was found to have imported more than 1,150 tons and exported to Myanmar up to 810 tons, only 310 tons in the metal plating plant, of which 810 tons of substance was calculated as more than 16,060 million methamphetamine tablets. When the P.P.S. has a seizure, it will be complained about by the factory, so it must set up a screening committee. Matt Mr. Chulapong said sodium cyanide cannot be produced in our country. Therefore, it must be imported and exported. This substance can be used to react with benzyl chloride, which is combined with benzyl cyanide. This becomes a precursor to the production of drugs. In the past, the export of sodium cyanide had to be certified by the government agencies of the destination country that this substance was actually used for industrial purposes. Currently, export permits are considered on a case-by-case basis. Permitted for no more than 6 months, as well as guidelines for controlling the production of the drug. A QR code must be made for importer-exporter. This guideline will prevent retail customers from smuggling it"Overall, we propose to delay the export of sodium cyanide until the quota is allocated, which will take about 3-6 months. Myanmar also imports directly from China. Director General, Department of Industrial Works Said also. Mr. Somsak also told the media that the meeting agreed to delay the export of sodium cyanide to be allocated first. Especially those that are exported abroad. In countries that want to use more than 310 tons of sodium cyanide, there will be strict control. P.P.S. concludes to delay export of sodium cyanide Report to the Cabinet meeting as soon as possible because it is urgent and must be integrated in the interception of drug precursors. To prevent the quake from happening again.
Suspected of killing a muddy girl, collecting DNA for testing|In the case of Mae Aye Chiang Mai, she was hit in the head and buried in mud in a trench using banana leaves to cover her camouflage. Police went for a DNA test. Bring evidence to the examination and interrogate several close people. On October 30, 2022, the police of Mae Ai Police Station, Chiang Mai province, received a report that the body of a young woman was found buried in mud in a trench near the house. Ban Huai San Moo 10, Tha Ton Subdistrict, Mae Aye District, where the accident occurred, about 300-400 meters away from the deceased's residence, found the body of Ms. Nantawan Japo, 37 years old. There were signs of a solid, non-sharp wound to the left side of the face. Bleeding right ear hole The police sent the body of the deceased for autopsy at Nakornping Hospital. On November 1, the Mae Aye police called to interrogate 6-7 witnesses related to the deceased. Chief Of Staff, Chiang Mai He said that after visiting the scene yesterday, he was arrested. The forensic officers collected all the evidence at both the crime scene and the house of the deceased. In order to obtain forensic evidence and DNA testing, investigators interrogated surrounding witnesses to find evidence linking the culprit to the initial prosecution. Several witnesses testified that there was a conflict over the land, but when the police thoroughly interrogated the land, the land did not have a title deed. It is unlikely to be a motive for the culprit to commit the crime.
Chinese gang brutally cuts finger for ransom Police suspect tamil gang victims|Chronology Police Chinese dragon gang brutally holds real estate businessman Compatriots rehearse - cut fingers for ransom 150 million baht A close friend of the victim was found to be involved. Investigators found one more house used in the attack, and no arrest warrant has been issued. A Chinese real estate businessman is believed to have been arrested by a gang of gangsters who cut off his finger and sent it to his relatives for ransom. 150 Million Baht In the middle of the night on October 30, 2022, the latest on October 31, 2022, Maj. Gen. Khmerin Phisamai, director of the Trat Police Department, as the investigating unit solved the case, and learned that in the early morning at about 4.10 a.m. on October 31, 2022, Ms. Alysara Supasiripundit, 20, the girlfriend of the victim, reported the incident to the police. Pattaya city police say a Chinese fan was held for ransom by an unknown number of criminals. The mob sent clips of torture. Use a cloth to cover your eyes, tie your limbs with a rope, and stab your hands and arms with a knife until they are covered in blood. He also cut his finger and placed it on the injured person's lap, sending a clip via the "Telegram" application, the culprit using the account "??", along with a message threatening to demand a ransom of 30 million yuan. Approximately 150 million Baht. With fear. The girlfriend of the injured person agreed to transfer 50,000 baht to the mob 3 times, totaling 150,000 baht through crypto wallet channel. The condition was seriously abused. PATTAYA CITY POLICE IMMEDIATELY COORDINATED WITH NONGPRUE POLICE TO RUSH TO THE RESCUE AND RUSHED THE INJURED PERSON TO BANGKOK-PATTAYA HOSPITAL SPONSORED FOR MR. REN HAIBO, 41 YEARS OLD, A CHINESE NATIONAL. He went to pick up the victim at a condo. Jomtien Beach Road M.11 Nong Prue Before going on a drink trip to a restaurant on Mount Pattaya near Consent Beach. Before continuing to visit the entertainment venue. Walking Street The ransom operation was initiated by MR. REN HAIBO, 41, a Chinese victim, who testified that when he got into the car, he was sitting in the back seat of the driver's seat and was hit by a black bag over his head with a baseball bat. When he recovered, he found himself in a state of blindfolding, tying both arms and feet together with ropes, being attacked by an unknown number of criminals, beating him with a baseball bat and stabbing him once in the palm of his right hand and 2 times in his lower arm, before being cut off by scissors to cut off his right little finger. If you don't follow the threat of death, you'll have to eat and swallow your stomach. But after that, I can't remember anything else. He realized that the mob was trying to carry the body into the car again. And bring them to the house where they escaped. He was taken to a second-floor bedroom and planned to escape until around 5 a.m. on Oct. 31. He was intoxicated by taking drugs, so he decided to run out to the balcony and jumped off the 2nd floor and fled to the villagers for help. The police investigated until they learned that there was still 1 house used in this incident, which is located in Moo 7, Huay Yai. Bang Lamung, Chonburi by this house. Police were able to seize 1 pocket knife, 1 blue nylon rope about 5 meters long and 1 roll of gray adhesive tape. As for the house where the victim escaped. It was found that a one-month lease agreement had been entered into on October 29 before being used as a crime scene. The license plate number is unknown, which was the vehicle to move the victim to another house. Before the victim can escape. The victim's black Toyota Fortuner was registered in Chonburi. It was found that the attackers had left their cars about 3-4 kilometers away from the house after the incident, while the police had not issued a warrant for anyone's arrest.
Chinese gang kills 30 million after fleeing Thonglor|Detective Series 2 Detectives Arrest a Chinese Dragon Gang for Ransom After Fleeing Thonglor Rebels, Bringing Throttle Exam But Still stubborn, Preparing to Expand The Hunt for 1 More Team Gangster From The Case Of Mr. REN HAIBO, 41 Years Old, Chinese Being attacked by an unknown number of mobs of the same nationality. The incident came out of one of the entertainment venues. Walking Street Then they were imprisoned in a luxury housing estate. Inside Soi Pornprapanimit 34 Moo 9 T.Pong The mob then used blindfolds, tied their legs, cut their fingers, stabbed their hands and arms, and used baseball bats to hit them. Video of the torture of the victim was shown to the victim's girlfriend and demanded a ransom of 30 million yuan in exchange for freedom. In the middle of the night The Police Investigation Unit Region 2 has taken him into custody. Mr. ZHANG Delong or Mr. Zhang Diyilong, 30, a Chinese national or Ta Tao, at a condominium in Thonglor, Bangkok. Pattaya City Police Investigation Committee Immediate interrogation was conducted, with the preliminary investigation also giving denials about the assault. The arresting police officers were not convinced and confident in the evidence, and the police were gathering evidence, including closed-circuit footage of the Chinese group hanging out together in Pattaya. Initially detained. Mr. ZHANG Delong, along with the charges, stayed in the Kingdom beyond the "overstay" permit period before being detained for questioning and further expansion. In addition, the police are chasing another culprit, Mr. Ahren. A FRIEND OF THE CHINESE VICTIM WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE ATTACK.
3 government officials sell civil registration information.|Intelligent cyber police report wrong 2 Mr. Sword 1 P.J. accessed the sister's civil registration information. Chief Of Staff It was sold to a call center gang, scamming them for 3.7 million baht. Two police officers were called in to ask for information less than 20 minutes before the attacker called the victim at 10:00 a.m. on Nov. 1, 2022, at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Headquarters (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong President of Crime Victims Assistance Club Bring evidence to the meeting. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police To complain, condemn, criminal prosecution against 1.Police sword under K.S.S.S.Bok.N.3 2.Police sword Group Director and 3.Lieutenant Colonel Air Force Sergeant. The Royal Thai Air Force Inspector General's Department, Don Mueang, is accused of sharing access to the civil registration information of Maj. Gen. Anand Nanasombat's sister. Chief Of Staff To sell to the call center gang movement before scamming them into taking 3.7 million baht in cash, Mr Smart said he had been contacted by the victims in November 2017. In May, he was tricked by a call center gang into transferring money, and later wondered how the gang obtained personal information. The Ministry of Interior asked to check access to the civil registration information and found that the 2 police officers had accessed the personal information of the victims less than 20 minutes before the gang call center contacted them, so they believed that both police officers were probably involved with the victims. The police claimed that the airmen had ordered access to the victims' information, and that the committee had resolved that it was a non-serious disciplinary offence and ordered detention, but to date, no disciplinary or criminal action has been taken. However, in the morning, it was learned that the commander of Ratchaburi Provincial Police knew about the matter and expedited the detention of the police sword according to the punishment, including expediting the arrest of the airman who ordered the prosecution in the case of the Metropolitan Police Division 3. And the incident happened in a row. Therefore, the police commissioner is asked to investigate technological crimes. Investigate the facts and prosecute all relevant parties. He was charged with offences under the Civil Registration Act, conspiracy to defraud the public, and offences under the Computer Crime Act, as well as expanding the investigation of high-ranking government officials who ordered subordinates to smuggle the civil registration data for sale and checking all financial routes. Some of them were transferred back to building materials stores in Thailand, but all the money was withdrawn. Pol. Gen. Worawat said he initially received the complaint and assigned it to Maj. Gen. Pairoj. If anyone is found to be involved, they will call for an investigation to continue the legal process.
Appeal sentenced to 12 years in prison for burglary of Ama Huey Sick mother 24 million |Court of Appeal sentenced to 12 years in prison Amahuai's daughter steals 24 million baht for sick mother The other case of 200 million baht was scheduled for November 14, 2022 at the Phra Khanong Criminal Court, Sapphawut Road. The court read the judgment of the Court of Appeal. Criminal Case Number Black A.1668/2563, where Mrs. Huey Srivirat, 85 years old, is the plaintiff in the suit. Mrs. Mawadee Srivirat The defendant's 56-year-old daughter was arrested in 2017. The bank has gradually withdrawn more than 24 million baht in its account and transferred other assets while Mrs. Huey is recovering from coronary artery disease at the hospital. Ask the court to punish for burglary. The trial court found the defendant guilty under Section 334 of the Criminal Code, and sentenced him to 6 years imprisonment for 2 years, including 12 years without parole. Mrs. Huey's lawyer said today that the Court of Appeal upheld the trial court's decision to sentence the defendant to 12 years in prison without parole. The plaintiff was taken to various banks without the plaintiff's consent, including buying funds on behalf of the defendant, buying life insurance on behalf of the defendant, and depositing money into the account on behalf of the defendant himself. The misappropriation of the plaintiff's money for personal gain is considered fraud and the wrong of the grateful child to know the mother, but instead he fraudulently took the money of the plaintiff, who is the mother, and the defendant invested some of the money in the resort business of the defendant according to the photograph of the construction of both the resort location and the copy of the title deed, Document No. 44. The defendant intended to take the plaintiff's money by dishonestly standing judgment. Black Case No. 3228/2562 in which the prosecutor is the plaintiff. Mrs. Huey is the plaintiff along with Mrs. Mawadee and 5 others who are accused of stealing more than 200 million baht from Kasikorn Bank Limited. The Prakanong Criminal Court is scheduled to hear the verdict on November 14, 2022 at 1:30 p.m.
Catch "Gu Qiao" The real owner of Club One Pattaya pub found to be an alien wearing a P.O.C. card.|The commando and the 2nd Detective Team captured "Gu Qiao". Owner of pub "Club One Pattaya" After investigating a foreigner using a fake ID card and financial route, the police rushed to find a link with the secret Chinese pub "Top One" following the case of Club One, a famous pub in Pattaya. Phetchrakul Road Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, was taken by the Chonburi provincial defense officer. Bang Lamung District Administrative Officer Police Investigating Officer Region 2, Chonburi Provincial Investigation Police Officer and Police Officer Pattaya City Police inspected the scene, but it appeared that there was a clash between the officers and the pub owner, as shown in the footage. Police seized a clear plastic package containing narcotics and fell to the ground at 1 p.m. today (Nov. 1, 2022). 2nd District Commander Commando Burapha 491 holds arrest warrant 487/2565 for allegedly making false statements to an officer who acted in accordance with his duty to write false statements in the civil registration history as an official document (fake ID card). Get arrested Mr. Nitipat Chokchaithanaporn or Aew or Gu Ew, 45 years old, is an alien of unknown nationality, Chinese nationality, holding a Thai ID card issued by the Banglamung District Court, and can be arrested in front of the Pattaya Provincial Court. He had just left the old trial. "Together, two or more persons possessed class 2 (ketamine) substances for commercial purposes and conspired with two or more persons to commit serious drug-related offenses because of the conspiracy." There was a visibly tense expression on his face. In the wake of the "Club One Pattaya" pub scandal, the police reflected the work of the authorities. Until there is a unfolding of tributes to beneficiaries, including checking whether there are government officials involved or the police. Therefore, an investigation was carried out to find the real owner by applying a search warrant to check all important documents, including the financial route of Club One Pub, until it was found that Mr. Nitipat Chokchaithanaporn or Aew or Gu Ew was the real owner. Mother of Mr. Nitipat or Ew Chokchai Thanaporn (according to the civil registration database) and Mrs. Sunee Bricksomboon, 44 years old, half-siblings (according to the civil registration database) then gave the same words that they had never known or seen Mr. Nitipat's face before. Therefore, the police are confident that "Gu Ew" is wearing someone else's ID card in order to have a Thai ID card in their possession and show themselves as Thai nationals. The police then gathered evidence and issued an arrest warrant. In addition, the police are deployed to conduct 11 simultaneous searches throughout Pattaya city and locally. To find important evidence to prove and find links. After finding out that Gu Qiao "Top One" is involved in sending Chinese customers to use the service after "Pub Club One" was closed last week.
The temple is called Nan Rong. He was sexually abused by the Master for more than 2 years. |The master of the temple is famous in the center of Nan. Sexually abused a novice student for more than 2 years, the victim said, adding that the master often raised weaknesses to intimidate. The police have already filed a warrant for his arrest. He was absent on Nov. 1, 2022, the reporter reported. There was a scandal when a monk who was the master of a famous temple in the center of Nan city. Sexual abuse novice student for more than 2 years. Gather the courage to tell the mother to take her to the police with a reason to protect the younger novices who will come to ordain at this temple, because the Master should have been ordained for more than 10 years. He revealed that he had noticed that he had noticed why he had taken pictures of the sky, and that the strange clips taken around the temple were lonely. For example, write that this way it is raining and the way it is raining on Facebook. So I called and tried to talk to him and ask if he had any problems. Until I found out the real reason that my child had been sexually abused, listened to my child tell me about what was done, felt shocked and couldn't make up my mind, so I wanted to help my child. Insist on prosecuting the masters of the children to the end. The victim said that when he was ordained to study the school initially, he had to live in the cubicle, but Master A. moved to the cubicle with the Master, but he did not go. Later, he moved with the senior to the Master's cubicle, but there was no harassment. The Master began to touch his cheeks, scenting his cheeks. Holding the genitals with a novice who lives in the same cubicle as a novice. After that, the Master sexually abused him by inserting the master's secret items into the root from 2nd to 3rd grade and was frequently abused. Some of them went to sleep with the Master all the time. As for the latter himself, the latter began to resist earlier. He used to talk to other monks who had been treated by the Master to testify because he wanted to put the Master in jail, but he refused because he was afraid of being worn out. The house is difficult, and some have family problems. As for the master's behavior inside the cubicle that has been observed. There are 3 characteristics: 1. eating rice, 2. eating alcohol, 3. being with a novice, such as locking a quiet room. The more people come out of the room, the more they show what's going on. If you lock your bedroom, there will be a sign saying you want to rest for 30 minutes, something that you have come out to expose this time because you feel stressed. Put pressure on yourself. There was once a time when he asked to move the temple, but the master threatened to cut off the foster parents, then cancel the scholarship, and threatened not to tell his grandmother about it. If your grandparents knew, they would be uncomfortable. The Master likes to quote what is the weakness of the Grandmother, in order to negotiate not to move the temple and reveal it. He decides that he wants the Master to be put in jail so as not to endanger future generations who continue to ordain. After that, the mother coordinated with nan provincial child and family rest officers to bring her to report to Police Capt. Jirat Chansawang. The investigating officer, Nan Police Station, and the police officer were sent to Nan Hospital for medical examination and further interrogation according to the procedure. The police have asked the court to issue an arrest warrant. THE CHARGE OF INDECENT ACTS AGAINST A CHILD UNDER FIFTEEN YEARS OF AGE, WHOSE WIFE OR HUSBAND HAS OR NOT CONSENTED TO THE CHILD, INDECENT ACTS AGAINST A CHILD UNDER FIFTEEN YEARS OF AGE WITH OR WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE CHILD. The Master said. I don't go to teach books and live in a famous temple anymore. Presumably aware of it, he fled the temple. The police have rushed to bring charges against the Master. A. Be both a governing teacher and a teacher who teaches Buddhism at a school. The novices who came to ordain the school and the temple as mentioned. There are also many novices that you bring to live in the cubicle.
Deputy Inspector General of Police 7 Chinese owner accused of killing 3 policemen for helping Jinling pub|Deputy Inspector General leads the inspection team Raiding property and abusing "David" Babyface shop executives are believed to be in possession of hundreds of millions of luxury cars. And expanded the arrest of the owner of Club One Pattaya with the offense of 3 sq.m. secretly helping Jinling pub. In the event that an offense is detected in connection with the service facility on an ongoing basis. Whether it is a case of investigating the cause of death of a Chinese tourist after visiting a Top One service facility in the Sutthisan Police Station area. On Sept. 17, 2022, investigators found that the cause of death was due to heavy drug use or a search of Club One facilities. On October 23, 2022, in the pattaya city police area. A large number of drugs were detected inside the facility, including the most recent case. On October 26, 2022, a search of Jinling shop was conducted in yannawa police station area. There were 104 cases of drug-related tourists and a large number of drugs found in the stores, of which 3 cases were drug-related cases, and the owner of the facility was a Chinese investor using the Thai name as nominee. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, gave the order. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff (YP) and Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff (SS) The Company has jointly planned to investigate the case of facilities owned by Chinese investors and Thai nominees in order to prevent the suppression of drug problems that may be imported into these facilities. On November 1, 2022, at 01.00 a.m., Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Police (YP) and Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police (SS) were present. Police officers have jointly launched a search operation at 7 service centers in the Bangkok area, comprising 1. Asgard, Pracha Uthit Road, Huai Khwang, Bangkok 2. Booze, Pracha Uthit Road, Huai Khwang District, Bangkok 3. Hollywood Shop, Ratchadapisek Road, Huai Khwang Bangkok 4. K Bangkok, R Building C.A. Plaza Bangkapi District 5. Joy Luck, R Building C.A. Plaza Bangkapi District 6. Space Plus, R Building C.A. Plaza Bangkapi District 7. Baby Face on Soi Sukhumvit 63, Phra Khanong Nuea Subdistrict, Wattana District, Bangkok, with urine tests conducted for drugs from more than 329 people who used the facility. In addition to such cases. No other illegals were found. Continuation of the above search. On the morning of November 1, 2022 at 06.30 a.m., Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, accompanied by Maj. Gen. Pananchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Chief of Staff 1, and Maj. Gen. Supaseth Chokchai, Deputy Chief of Staff. Has deployed a team of police officers from B.C.N., P.O.1, P.2, P.4, P.7, P.8, B.S.C., More than 700 police officers, police officers and forensics officers were deployed to search homes. To search for evidence that may be related to drugs. Firearms and gambling to be used in litigation in relation to the case of the owner of a Top One establishment. Jinling Babyface and Club One Pattaya have sought the approval of search warrants from the court to search 35 locations in 7 provinces, namely Bangkok 17 points, Chonburi 11 points, Samut Prakan 2 points, Chumphon 2 points, Nonthaburi 1 point, Samut Sakhon 1 point and Khon Kaen 1 secondary point. The police chief said there was an interesting spot in the area of Mr David's house. Soi Charoenmit Sukhumvit 63 Road, Phra Khanong Nuea Subdistrict, Wattana District, Bangkok, who runs a babyface shop, searched the home of Mr. David or Mr. David, known by the Chinese name Sui Tai Wei, who had been in Thailand for about 10 years. After finding doubts about the documents in possession of the said vehicle. And firearms, including liquor, cigarettes and documents for inspection. It was also found that there were signs of drug use in the room. Find information about marriage and having a Thai wife. My child attended a school in Thailand and David was also involved in online gambling. And a history of drug-related offenses, Pol. Gen. Surachet said. Mr. David was charged with aiding and abetting the sale of goods under customs law and excise act offenses. Mr. David's car purchase information showed that he deposited a certain amount of cash for a Thai friend to buy. The police are in the process of gathering evidence to determine whether they are guilty of money laundering offences. Mr. David has links with Chinese capitalists who operate establishments in the Chonburi area. THE POLICE ALREADY HAVE INFORMATION ABOUT WHO OWNS IT, WHICH DAVID IS NOT THE OWNER OF JINLING SPONSORED. The Police Commissioner said that in the case of Club One Pattaya, the Pattaya Police A warrant was issued for the arrest of Mr. Nitipat Chokchaithanaporn, or Ku Ew, who claimed that the police had received a tribute by arresting Mr. Nitipat. Expand the results. Instead, it was found to be a nominee in business. The police are in the process of expanding that documents have been issued from And the police arrested the owner, Yu Chang Fei, as he prepared to flee through a checkpoint to Laos. Immigration Police, Mukdahan Province DETAINED FOR EXTENDED INVESTIGATION, POL. GEN. SURACHET SAID THAT INITIALLY, THE CHIANG MAI IMMIGRATION POLICE HAD TO INVESTIGATE. Is there a fact check because it was found that the accused sought permission to stay in Thailand as a student? If it is found that the immigration police are aware of or contributing to this benefit, further action must be taken. Meanwhile, earlier in the morning, Police searched the residence of a Thai politician, a former minister, but found nothing illegal, insisting that the police would provide justice in all cases alluded to. During the investigation into the jinling shop in Yannawa police station, 104 Chinese tourists were arrested for drug detection, as well as one Thai shopkeeper. It was learnt that there were government officials assisting in the benefit of some of the accused by claiming benefits, to expedite the submission of the accused to the court and to obtain bail in court, and to coordinate the release of the seized central vehicle for examination to the accused. 3. The police have prosecuted 3 additional such government officials, comprising SPONSORED1. Lt. Col. Komprai Thonglad, Deputy Director of The Lat Phrao Police Department, will be prosecuted for the offense of "giving, requesting or accepting to give property or other benefits to officials in judicial positions, prosecutors, governors or investigators in order to induce them to act, not to commit or to commit any unlawful acts." Maj. Gen. Kiatsak Pimma Investigating Officer (2) 3. Capt. Somyos Boonnakaew The other two officers will be prosecuted for "wrongfully demanding, receiving or agreeing to receive property or other benefits for themselves or others in order to act or not to act in their positions, whether they are right or wrongful in their duties, and being an officer, performing or refraining from performing their duties unlawfully to the detriment of any person, or acting or refraining from performing their duties dishonestly". No exceptions whatsoever.
"Chuvit" unfolds 5 gray Chinese tigers have been collected 4 warnings until the bribe is stopped.|Deep information "Chuvit" warns that until the police accept bribes from the Chinese mafia to quit, threaten danger to enter, ready to unfold 5 gray Chinese tigers in Thailand, 4 have already been collected, 4 have a lot of connections, ask to check the financial route so that this group leaves the country on November 1, 2022. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Reveal the latter. Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol - Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, inspected 42 institutions, buildings, accommodation and companies of foreign capitalists and nominees nationwide, saying that there are currently 5 large Chinese capital groups called "5 Chinese Gray Tigers", namely the group of Mr. David, Mr. Changfei, Mr. Tony, Mr. Ew and the Chinese men (name reserved), who have been gathered 4 people. There are gray businesses in Thailand using nominees, wearing the Thai nationality of the dead, like to bribe, and have a lot of connections. Using resources of Chinese people, brothels to commit crimes in Thailand, which Thais have lost their advantage after arresting these Chinese. Mr. Chuvit said that the crackdown on gray Chinese capital has long been a matter that must be dealt with for a long time, so as not to lose its usefulness. I would like to warn the officials who receive money from the gray Chinese capital group to help clear the illegality, ask them to stop doing it because the danger will back on themselves.
Chinese gangs carry 30 million, still stubborn, victims unfold, fingers cut in, sauce eaten.|A gang of Chinese dragons holds a finger cut. Ransom of 30 million has been questioned. Police said they were confident in the evidence, cut off their fingers and dipped sauce and recorded the footage for the victim's girlfriend before transferring the money 3 times until the police issued an arrest warrant, preparing to hunt another 1 from the case of Mr. REN HAIBO, 41, a Chinese national. Being attacked by an unknown number of mobs of the same nationality. The incident came out of one of the entertainment venues. Walking Street He then used a blindfold tape, tied his legs, cut his fingers, stabbed his hand and arm, and used a baseball bat to hit him, and then sent a video of the torture to the victim's girlfriend and demanded a ransom of 30 million baht. Later, the police detained the suspect, Mr. ZHANG Delong or Mr. Zhang Diyilong or Ta Dao, 30 years old, a friend of the victim, for interrogation, but denied all the allegations. The police were taken into custody. Mr. ZHANG DELONG, 30, left his cell to allow the 2nd District Evidence Division to undergo DNA testing to find a link. Police were able to seize the equipment used in the attack as nylon rope, pocket knife and adhesive tape at a house. Beside Haodong Market, 12/306 Moo 7, Huay Yai Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, during the detention. Mr. ZHANG DELONG, 30 years old, has a smooth expression and cannot speak Thai. During the investigation, an interpreter is required at all times.  Lt. Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Director, Pattaya City Police Department As the head of the investigation team, he revealed that the case is in the process of gathering witnesses and evidence in order to obtain an arrest warrant from the Pattaya Provincial Court for the arrest of Mr. ZHANG DELONG along with 1 other Chinese friend, "Mr. Ahren". MR ZHANG DELONG ALSO INSISTED ON DENYING IT. However, police believe there is significant evidence to convict the suspect. In addition, it was reported that after the investigation team, the Pattaya City Police went to interrogate the injured at Bangkok-Pattaya Hospital to gather evidence. After the attacker used a knife to cut the victim's finger, MR.ZHANG ate the finger before recording the clip and sending it to the victim's girlfriend for a ransom of 30 million yuan for the first time. After the victim's girlfriend transferred money 3 times, totaling 150,000 baht, before agreeing to demand a ransom of 1 million U.S. dollars, equivalent to approximately 38 million Baht. It was also reported that after a series of investigators, the Pattaya City Police went to interrogate the injured at Bangkok-Pattaya Hospital to gather evidence in issuing arrest warrants for Chinese gangs. The case of the injured person's right little finger has been confirmed. After being cut by MR. ZHANG DELONE, he recorded the clip and sent it to the victim's girlfriend to threaten to extort money. Enough after sending the threatening clip. He took the victim's finger, dipped the sauce, and immediately put it in his mouth.  The ransom was discussed through the "Telegram" application. In the chat, he said that initially 30 million yuan was called, but after 3 transfers of 50,000 baht each, for a total of 150,000 baht, then another bargain was made. BEFORE THE GROUP WAS REDUCED TO 1 MILLION USD, IT AMOUNTED TO APPROXIMATELY 38 MILLION BAHT.
The most enduring monk was arrested by the master of the Nan Tui temple for 2 years.|The 2-year-old decided to tell his mother to report the sexual assault of a buddhist monk in Nan, and an arrest warrant has been issued. On November 1, 2022, a reporter reported that a novice in Nan province had come forward to reveal that he had been attacked by a buddhist monk in Nan province. He had been sexually abused for more than 2 years, so he gathered the courage to tell his mother to bring him to the police because he was afraid that the newly ordained novice would fall victim to the novice inquiry. He revealed that when he was ordained as a priest to study the school, he was not a priest. Initially, he had to live in the cubicle, but Master A. (pseudonym) allowed him to move to the same cubicle as the Master, but he did not go. Later, he moved with the senior to the Master's cubicle, where he had not been abused, but after a long time, the Master began to touch his cheeks, scent his cheeks, and touch his genitals. After being sexually abused by the Master by inserting the master's secret items into the root from 2nd to 3rd grade, and was frequently abused, most recently in September 2022, "He felt that the Master was psychotic because he liked to ask him to give him help himself, which he thought that there were many other monks who had been sexually abused as well as himself. Some of the pictures have family problems, and the behavior of the Master inside the cubicle that he noticed has 3 characteristics: 1. eating, 2. drinking, and 3. being with the novice. The more people come out of the room, the more they show what's going on. IF THE BEDROOM LOCKS, THERE WILL BE A SIGN SAYING LET'S REST FOR 30 MINUTES," HE SAID, ADDING THAT WHAT HE HAD COME OUT TO EXPOSE THIS TIME BECAUSE HE FELT STRESSED AND COULDN'T PUT PRESSURE ON HIMSELF TO BE TREATED LIKE THIS, SO HE TOLD HIS MOTHER THAT HE WANTED TO LEAVE THE TEMPLE. The Master liked to cite his weaknesses, namely his grandmother and grandmother, in order to negotiate against him from moving the temple and revealing the matter, but now he has decided that he wants the Master to be put in jail so as not to endanger the next generation of priests who come to ordain him. The victim's mother said she noticed why she saw her child. I posted strange pictures and clips taken all over the temple, similar to lonely and depressed people, so I felt suspicious, so I called to talk and tried to ask if there was any problem until I came to know the truth that my child had been sexually abused. He insisted on prosecuting the Master to the end. Her mother then coordinated staff from Nan Children and Family Home.  To bring the police to report to Lt. Col. Jirat Chansawang. Investigators  Muang Nan Police Station Initially, the police sent him to Nan Hospital for medical examination and further interrogation. He is now being rescued. From the welfare and psychological protection officers in Nan Children and Family Home. The police issued an arrest warrant for the statue. He is charged with "committing indecent acts on a child under the age of fifteen years, with or without his wife's consent, with or without his consent, and indecent acts committed against a child under fifteen years of age, with or without the consent of the child." As for the Master. The police expected to be aware of it, so they fled the temple, which the police will pursue and prosecute according to the law. Maj. Gen. Piyapan Pattarapongsin Nan Provincial Police Commander Added that the monk had committed a criminal offence. The event occurred during the month. Last Sep After the investigators were informed, they expedited the investigation and gathered evidence, and the court approved the issuance of an arrest warrant.  As for the next step, the police will speed up the pursuit of the case. The investigation revealed that on September 2, it was discovered that the monk had withdrawn more than a million baht from his account and fled.
The court sentenced a gang of "salt crab piles" to life catching slot machines. No parole.|Chachoengsao Court sentences gang members to life in jail for "salt crab pile" live catching slot machines The 10th defendant was sentenced to 4 years without parole. Gambling-related offences on November 1, 2022 at Chachoengsao Provincial Court The court read the verdict in the case filed by the prosecutor of Chachoengsao Province. Mr. Sophonwit Anand 1st, Mr. Niran Boonchaiya 2nd, Mr. Chatri Chomchuen 3rd, Mr. Peerawat Rojanaruthaipong 4th, Mr. Peeradej Viriyaprasert 5th, Ms. Nuchanat Promharom 6th, Mr. Charin Sampaochan 7th, Mr. Jumpol The court considered the evidence and found that the 11 defendants were guilty under Sections 297(8), 298 and 289 (4), 335 (7) of the Penal Code, 336 bis and Section 83 of the Criminal Code. 3 years imprisonment for conspiracy to commit burglary using a vehicle to facilitate the offense or to take the property or to make an arrest. Each of the 11 defendants was sentenced to 3 years' imprisonment, increasing the sentence of 10 to 1/3 of the Penal Code under Section 92 of the Penal Code for common assault causing serious bodily harm to the victim by deliberately deliberation, to 4 years imprisonment for conspiracy to commit burglary by using a vehicle to facilitate the commission of the offense or to take the property away or to escape arrest. There is a mitigating circumstance. According to Article 78 of the Penal Code, for common assault causing serious bodily harm to the victim by deliberately contemplating the 1st-9th and 11th defendants, 1-9 and 11 each for 1 year and 6 months, the 10th defendant is scheduled for 2 years, including the 1st-9th and 11th defendants for 2 years and 12 months, including the 10th defendant for 4 years. It was found that the actions of the 11 defendants involved gambling, even after the incident, to compensate the victims, but they did not deserve to wait for punishment. Reporters reported that the case was based on an incident. Mr. Songklad Chuenchuphon or The Salt Crab Pile, a political activist. He was attacked by a group of able-bodied men and seriously injured after entering the area. Phanom Sarakham district, Chachoengsao province, claimed to have received complaints from local residents that they had to go to the police station to arrest illegal slot machines at the bus stop of Siripanom Shopping Center (Night Market). 304 CHACHOENGSAO-KABINBURI ROAD BY LIVESTREAMING VIA PERSONAL FACEBOOK.SPONSORED
Police raided the property of the Yan Rok gang at Pai Forfeit resort-land worth more than 95 million baht.|Mae Hong Son police together with P.O.S. Region 5 seized drug network assets in Pai and seized a resort with land worth more than 95 million baht on November 1, 2022. He has been working with the police. Pai Officer P.P.S. Region 5 conducted searches, seizure and seizure of property that may be related to drug-related offenses. In Pai, Mae Hong Son After the uniformed police officers The P.P.S. made an arrest. Mr. Chatchawan Rubytete with them, according to the arrest warrant for drug offenses, has taken action to seize property, namely: 1. Land and buildings. A resort in Pai Municipality, 6 plots with a total value of approximately 65,500,000 million baht and 14 rai of land, title deed no. 1547, land no. 164, Wiang Tai subdistrict, Pai district, Mae Hong Son province, totaling approximately 30 million baht, including 2 properties with a total value of 95,500,000 million baht.
"Ball Gumman" gives DSI knot, shares Forex-3D and brushes off media responses|The "Bal Kamman" star entered the DSI as a witness after appearing as a member of Krating-Khunnarong Pom's team of Forex-3D shares and opened his mouth to give interviews to the media from the social media case, publishing a chart of investors to share the FOREX-3D chain, one of which appeared to be the names of 3 famous male performing artists, namely Krating-Khunnarong Pratharat, Bal-Kamman Lomkeo and To-Sa-Sa-Sakhon Vejsawat, with the name of Krating-Khunnarong as the team mother. At 9:52 a.m. on Nov. 2, at Government Center, Building B, 8th Floor, Department of Special Investigation (Informal Financial Business Division). The reporter reported that Mr. Kamman Lomkaew or Ball had come to testify as a witness, with the reporter trying to inquire if he had met with the DSI investigators. But the actor did not answer questions and walked quickly into the case room and when asked if he had met with the DSI investigators, he gave a brief interview to the media. The young actor did not answer any questions. Initially, Bal-Kamman was still under interrogation with DSI investigators.
King Chom Tui paid 120 baht in cash at a time. |Unfolding the Buddha's life, wat dang muang nan, pay tui fee. Silence the novice at 120 baht per time after the event, while the factor in the envelope of the novice will be deducted 80%, resulting in more than 1 million withdrawals. The victim's mother revealed that she was offered 7 digits of money in exchange for not prosecuting the case. On November 2, 2022, the examination officer of Muang Nan Police Department asked the Nan Provincial Court to issue an arrest warrant. Prasad Thanet Thanamonklo on 2 charges Committing indecent acts on children up to 15 years of age, who are not their wives or husbands, with or without the consent of the child, and indecent acts against children up to 15 years of age, with or without the child's consent. Sexual harassment and abuse For 2 years, after entering the police report, he secretly went to withdraw money from a bank's personal account. The number of millions of baht, then silenced the latest. There is an audio clip of a conversation of a senior novice at another temple. Ask the junior novices affiliated with Wat Phra That Chang Kham Worawihan. The clip, which is 2 minutes long, talks about getting the novice factor consecrated. If you receive 100 baht, it will be deducted and let the novice spend 20 baht, the other 80 baht will be deposited for the novice. In addition, the senior novice asked what the monk had done to the novice. The novice replied, "...ass," the novice added, after being sexually assaulted anally. The novice also said that he had not been hit once, having been done this about 5 times, and as far as I know, the novice who reported the most hits, there were many novices who were hit. Some novices can't stand it. IN ADDITION TO THE AFOREMENTIONED CUBICLES, THE OTHER CUBICLES WERE HIT BY SEVERAL OTHER IMAGES SPONSORED WHEN THE SENIOR NOVICE ASKED WHO DID IT. The novice replied, "Brother Kal or Luang Pi Kal." Thanamonklo Alashchi, who was issued an arrest warrant and was on the run, then the senior novice asked if he called for a massage or the novice said no. The bailiff told him to finish the laundry, go to the room, and then give him a massage for a while, he would sexually abuse the anus, get the cloth on the dress, and finish the work and give him money to cover his mouth. The novice said that if you want to try it, you can come to this temple to see the bisexual monks here, do not ask at all. According to the final remarks, it is estimated that not a single priest acted against a child ordained as a novice. There are also several monks who acted against novices on the side of the novice's mother, who informed the public that before the matter was revealed. Novices have been threatened by sending pictures of them holding knives, along with messages about where they were found stabbed there, as well as pictures of firearms, with the message that what novices went to report caused trouble to many. He said that if the leather was sticky, he would try it until the novice had to move the temple away and report the daily record that he had been threatened. After learning about the monks, the administration inspected the cubicle in Wat Phra That Chang Kham. The novice's mental state of mind is now very strong after the press revealed the truth, the novice mother also told reporters that she had been contacted by a group of people to clear this matter. Trying to persuade her to accept money, she said, "It's better than a bundle" by offering a 7-digit number, or else the case will be prosecuted, but the mother still insists on prosecuting.
Chinese gang cuts 30 million fingers after police find dark business knot|Chinese dragon gang holds ransom, cuts fingers 30 million baht in case flipped after police found a knot of betrayal Anticipating gray business conflicts Online Gambling - Call Center Prior to the incident, a refund was issued. When they didn't, they took action in the case of 41-year-old REN HAIBO, a Chinese businessman, who was picked up from an entertainment venue on Walking Street. He was arrested before taking a blindfold, tying his leg, cutting his fingers, stabbing his hand and arm, and a baseball bat, and sending a video of the torture to the victim's girlfriend and demanding a ransom of 30 million baht. In exchange for freedom, police later detained the suspect, 30-year-old ZHANG DELONG, or Da Dao. Friends of the victims came to investigate, but he denied all the allegations. The progress of the case was later investigated, gathered evidence, checked the connection points from CCTV footage, and checked for material witnesses. 2 houses in Nong Prue Police Station and Huay Yai Police Station that the culprits used as the place to commit the crime again. DNA testing from the objects used in the crime are nylon rope, pocket knife and adhesive tape, which can be seized at the crime scene. Approval of the Pattaya Court has been sought. Arrest warrants have been issued for two of the outrageous mobsters in the case: 30-year-old ZHANG DELONG, or Da Dao, a Chinese national; A FRIEND OF THE VICTIM, WHO WAS PREVIOUSLY CAUGHT BY THE POLICE AND CHARGED WITH OVERSTAYING SPONSORED, AND ANOTHER CO-CONSPIRATOR, IS ON THE RUN. Mr. ZHANG WENJIE, 25, the brother of the first accused, was issued an arrest warrant for the offense of jointly demanding ransom by taking away a person over fifteen years old using a deceptive ploy. detain or detain the person who took them; Causing serious harm to the detainee, detainee, or detainee, jointly restraining or detaining others, jointly inflicting bodily harm, causing serious harm to the victim, and burglary at night. An arrest warrant was later issued. The police have taken him into custody. Mr. ZHANG DELONG or Da Dao immediately went to the Bangkok Immigration Police Office for further investigation this morning. He is currently in hospital. Bangkok Pattaya Hospital with 24-hour police surveillance In addition, at some point, there will be staff to interrogate Ms. Alisara Supasiripundit, 20 years old, a resident of Tak province. His girlfriend is an interpreter. In interrogation, while guiding the investigation of the case. It's getting clearer. An in-depth investigation revealed that the victim and the perpetrator were friends by doing gray business in the category of online gambling, possibly involved in a call center gang in Chiang Mai province, but betrayed each other until the victim fled to Pattaya, Chonburi province. Mr. ZHANG DELONG or Da Tao was arrested at an apartment in Ekamai, Thonglor, Bangkok, while MR. ZHANG WENJIE, 25 years old, was still on the run. The police are confident that they are still hiding in the area.
Bang Pa-in detains grandson junkie, stabbed grandmother 3 times with serious injuries He also gave a denial.|Bang Pa-in police detain his nephew. He stabbed his grandmother with a knife and 3 serious wounds. He is still in a stupor and has not yet pleaded guilty. A 75-year-old woman was stabbed in the left side with a knife and seriously injured, but relatives took her to Ayutthaya Hospital earlier. Moo 1, T. Khanonluang Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Check the interior of the bedroom. Mattress area, pillows, mosquito nets and chairs A large amount of blood stains were found. The tip of a broken paring knife was also found at the scene. The investigators took photographs of the love records as evidence, with witnesses saying that the perpetrator, Mr. Aum, the nephew of the injured, broke into the bedroom and used his hands to cover the injured person's mouth to avoid crying. Then use a knife to stab and escape. Mr. Aum, who committed the crime, is the grandson of Mrs. Boon-aid, lives in a different house and has been addicted to drugs for a long time and has been sent to rehab. I usually like to come in and ask for money for the injured, which my grandmother used to give, but the latter did not. Because grandma doesn't sell things, there's no recent income. At 08.30 a.m. on November 2, 2022, police officers, Bang Pa-in Police Station, Bang Pa-in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province. More than 10 police officers searched a house in Moo 1, Wat Khanon Nuea Subdistrict, Bang Pa-in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province. Mr. Saichol Thammasorn, 29, was found lying in his bedroom. But Mr. Saichol was still in a stupor and denied all the allegations that he was not the perpetrator and did not go outside sponsored. Mr. Saichol, who was in a stupor, also denied that he was the one who committed the crime of stabbing his grandmother with a knife, but admitted that at about 21.00 a.m., he took 2 methamphetamine pills and sucked marijuana on a daily basis. To wait for another drug test to be conducted again on the side of the injured 15-year-old grandchild (name and surname reserved). He revealed that despite the arrest, he was still in a state of panic, fearing that if he came out again, he would be the same again. I would like the police or the relevant authorities. Take it to therapy or whatever it takes to recover from this condition. Otherwise, remain in general panic. Mr. Suthep Ruenpakpoj, 47, his son, said in tears that we couldn't do anything and would have to let go of the police process. But the pity is the mother who still doesn't know what the future holds to be done like this.
The Director-General reiterated that there are penalties. Sq. interfered with the underworld. Grey Business|"Big Den" reiterates that there are penalties for police tampering with undermining. While the "Director-General" has been inspecting the metropolitan area in secret throughout, there is no information on 30 wells. The facility must be suppressed. If anyone has any information, please submit it on November 2, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said that in the case of gambling where people in the area came out to give clues that there is still a gambling pool, he had to ask when the incident occurred. For the police to be involved in gray business, there is a penalty, or to act in accordance with the law which has already been said that if anyone commits a crime, or the evidence reaches it, they must act according to all authorities. Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The Director-General mentioned that gambling houses in Bangkok are like OTOP products, that every hotel has one gambling house, that first of all, it must be said that this is the concept of gamblers. If it were the general public, they wouldn't normally have that view. What is said if there is evidence of a claim. We are willing to accept the relevant part because the Police Department has a clear policy on illegal activities related to gambling houses or service establishments that are the source of the spread of crime. We already have clarity on suppression. If the media or the public is clear in the information. The reporter asked if it gave weight to the gamblers who made such claims. He said the weight would be on the documents or information he brought. Information is welcomed. There is a way to get the information sent because I am at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters every day. WE ALREADY HAVE ALL COMMUNICATION CHANNELS, AND IT'S NOT UNUSUAL TO COMMUNICATE THROUGH THE MEDIA, BUT WE WELCOME SPONSORED WHEN ASKED IF GAMBLERS HAVE CLAIMED MORE THAN 30 NUMBERS IN THE BANGKOK AREA. He said we already had a secret investigation as claimed, but asked what the basis of what was said was, but there was no information at this time. If found, they will make an arrest when asked how the information claimed by the gambler, if verified, does not exist. He said it was beneficial to society. I think police officers, we have a part to do, which is important in a lot of things, including providing safety to the public. But what we do is not fruitful or beneficial to the public sector. We think it's important to take action. We can't put in place measures other than what the law requires. The law says he has the right to testify or not to testify, to be insured or not to be insured. There is already a law in practice, so I will set the rules on whether to give or not to give, because there is a clear code of conduct.
Collect the son of a school administrator. Set up a bootleg gun factory for sale.|Police investigating Region 8 raided the production and sale of contraband guns in nakhon si thammarat city center. Meet the owner and producer, the son of a famous school administrator. Learn from YouTube, sell online. On November 2, 2022, the Police Investigating Division of the Provincial Police Region 8 and the Police Investigation Division Nakhon Si Thammarat Police A search warrant was issued from the Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Court. The attackers showed up and searched a house in Soi Chonthicha. Phatthanakan Khukwang Road, Klang Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Si Thammarat District After discovering that the house was the source of the manufacture and sale of contraband firearms barrels for sale online on a well-known Thai platform. To customers nationwide found Mr. Phuwadol or Pai loves the same place. The 34-year-old, who owns the house, came forward and when he saw that it was an officer, there was a noticeable shock. But after the officers talked, Mr. Phuwadol led the officers to search and found that one of the rooms inside the house had been converted into a machine tool room of a small metal factory. Well air-conditioned. Officers seized 48 round steel rods with a firearm caliber, one .380 caliber ammunition, one steel turning machine tool, one hydraulic tool for threaded grooves, a silencer with a number of ammunition barrels, and several hand tools. MANY MORE RELATED SHIPMENT PARCELSSPONSORED LATER. Police Major General Somchai Faithful to the family, Commander of Nakhon Si Thammarat Police They went to investigate the crime scene and examined the information. The accused confessed earlier this year that he had started studying the barrel of a firearm from YouTube and had tried selling it through an online platform. About 200 pieces have been sold nationwide, and the accused has cooperated with authorities in searching and seizing every step of the way. The accused is the son of an educational institution administrator in Nakhon Si Thammarat. The accused was investigated and traced from various locations until he was found to be a manufacturer and distributor. He asked for a warrant to search and arrest him. The officers were later detained and charged with manufacture and possession of firearms (.380 caliber caliber) and ammunition without authorization. The detention proceedings continue.
Hmong man found monk lured into buying 60 thousand methamphetamine pills 1 kg of ice with EM bracelets attached|Police found a young Hmong monk who had just been released from jail for drug offences. Returning to methamphetamine trafficking He was lured into buying 60,000 methamphetamine tablets and 1 kg of methamphetamine found on his ankles and also attached to EM bracelets, revealing that he got more subjects from the jail at 4 p.m. on Nov. 2, 2022. Pol. Maj. Gen. P.P. Bodeepitak Lt. Col. Ratsaran Ketsingsroi, Director of the Police Department, met the monks. Mr. Sompong Fungtaweewong The sheriff meets the monk and the police. P.S. meets the monks. Police Officer 3 Mae Sot and military news kits S.R.14 Overlord Forces The 346th Border Patrol Police and related parties jointly announced the results of major criminal and drug clearances in the border area of Met Phra District. Tak province, in accordance with the government's urgent policy by the results of the drug clearance in this case, which is the major of the district, found the monk. Officers were able to arrest him. Mr. Suthorn Sae-ma, 30, a Hmong hill tribe resident whose residence is located in Mogro Subdistrict, Umphang District, Tak Province, was arrested by the anti-narcotics police. Meet the Monks He was arrested along with 30 bundles of apple-scented methamphetamine, 60,000 tablets and 1 kilogram of grade A ice pills and cash, which the officers took copies of documents used to lure drugs from the accused in the amount of 530,000 baht. On the evening of October 31, 2022, a police officer was arrested. The police found a monk who was a teenage policeman disguised as Mr. Suthorn to buy methamphetamine, which at that time the accused did not know that the teenager was an undercover policeman and thought to be a businessman who came to buy a lot of crops in a mountain Thai village. The police met the monk along with the military officers and the district administration met the monk and planned to buy 60,000 apple methamphetamine pills and 1 kilogram of methamphetamine from Mr. Suthorn. Drug dealers with drug delivery contacts At the roadside, the entrance to the mountain Thai village, Ban Shibabo. Near the border of the district, he met Phra, Tak province, but when it was time to drop off, Mr. Suthorn brought all the drugs to the roadside and then came to pick up cash from the police officer, who was disguised as Sia, a businessman. Before the officers showed up, they arrested Mr. Suthorn, along with all the central items, and rushed to expand the results. Police Lt. Col. Ratsaran Ketsingsroi said the accused had recently been suspended for drug offences and was still wearing EM bracelets on his ankles, but was not remorseful and had received more lessons from his fellow prison inmates. The accused used ropes to tie all the drugs hidden in a truck transporting vegetables and agricultural crops, with the drugs coming from the northernmost part of Thailand and gradually being transported to the border of Tak province. Meet the Monks Investigators then planned to arrest the accused for the second time. now Authorities are investigating the case to urgently break up this drug trafficking ring.
The teacher revealed. The minute a fanatical young man invades nonsuwan children's center. Closed circuit found 2 loops|Teacher at Nonsuwan Child Development Center Buriram revealed the minute he was informed that someone was going to invade. The plan has been rehearsed before, but I'm so excited it's never happened like this before. Closed circuit inspection Two rounds were found on November 2, 2022, in the case of a brigade officer or Ming Sae-la, 30, a villager. Moo 1, T. Korokkaew Nonsuwan, Buriram province, which is in a frenzy, similar to amphetamine hallucinations. The attacker used a bat to hit his head. Ms. Supaporn Sonwad, 45, her mother, was injured and burned down her entire house. After the villagers informed him that Mr. Ming was going out to nonsuwan child development center. In search of his 4-year-old child, both police officers and police officers were called to the scene. Nonsuwan municipal officials and teachers in children's centers are prepared if something bad happens, just like Nong Bua Lamphu SPONSORED Ms. Dao sparkle Kampuchart. Teacher at the Municipal Child Development Center Mr. Nonsuwan recalled that the children's center had previously received a child protection framework policy, which was after the parents of the children came to drop off their children, to lock all the points of the children's center, which was done on a daily basis. At the time of today's incident, about 50 out of 90 students were practicing to attend the Loy Krathong Day event. Several parents came running to say that Mr. Ming was going to come to the children's center, carrying a knife, so he went up to the second floor and locked all the doors. The child doesn't know what's going on. Although preparations have been made, I admit to being very excited because I have only seen other provinces. I don't think there will be such a precarious incident on Ms. Supisara Sringam. The mayor of Nonsuwan subdistrict said that in the past, after the incident in Nong Bua Lamphu province, a meeting was held with the relevant authorities. In preparing a plan to prevent incidents, drug addicts admit that the municipality can only campaign and prevent drug users. As for the law, it is a matter for the police or the administration, but at the moment it is not certain that Mr. Ming, who has such symptoms, is not convinced. How long will the officers be able to keep in control by reviewing cctv footage? It was found that Mr. Ming had actually circled through the front of the children's center, but there was no better solution than prevention because the perpetrators were classified as drug users, i.e. patients only.
Detain a young man and make a plan to kill his brother in the village. The knot said he didn't think he was dead.|The case of the brother who killed his brother at The police took the perpetrators to make a plan among the relatives of both parties who stood and watched closely. After completing the plan, take it back. Non Khon police are preparing to take him to jail on November 3 in the case of the killing of Pad kho in Non Khon district, Sisaket province. Due on the night of November 1, 2022, Lt. Col. Power Kaewsawang The investigating officer, Non Khun Police Station, was informed that there was a killing at a house in Moo 12, Ban Nong Pla Kheng. T.Pho Therefore, Sisaket province, rushed to investigate, accompanied by rescue personnel and doctors of Non Khon Hospital, to the scene of the accident. A body was found. Mr. Sutin Sangsida, 38, lying face down in a pool of blood, died at the scene. Later, the investigating police officer, Non Khun Police Station, rushed to track down the culprit and was able to arrest the suspect, Mr. Thanit Insuk, 28 years old, who was from the same village as the deceased. He was brought in to investigate, the reporter reported. On Nov. 2, 2022, investigators took him into custody. Mr. Thanit Insuk, 28, the accused, came for further investigation. The accused made the revelation to reporters in a comfortable mood. He also said with a smile that the incident was real because of the 20 baht before there was a quarrel. As for the methamphetamine use, that day he actually took methamphetamine before the crime. At first, I didn't think to cause trouble until the deceased died. Now I feel remorse for what I've done. The concern now is children, wives and mothers. Then, at 2.20 p.m., Lt. Col. Thawatchai Kaewbao, director of the Non Khun Police Department, together with the police force, led Mr. Thanit Insuk. The accused pointed to the scene of the crime and made a plan to make a confession, among the relatives of both parties. Stand closely behind the plan. After completing the plan, Mrs. Sangad, 54, the mother of the attacker, handed over 2,000 baht to her son and said that his son normally does not speak to anyone. As for drugs, my son has been involved for a long time. I really don't want my son to be like this, I want to tell him that if he comes out, he wants me to be a good person. Don't go to the other side of the crime. Ms. Narumon, 27, Mr. Thanit's wife, said that after the incident, the attackers had taken refuge at their house. When he came over, he saw his husband's shirt with blood stains on it, so he asked what blood it was. Her husband didn't answer. He smiled and walked around. In the morning, the police came to his house and learned that her husband had killed Mr. Sutinma. He was shocked and shocked. After this, I am worried about my 2 children, the oldest being 3 years old, and the youngest just got it. At first I was angry, but now I'm not angry. As for whether they will still be together in the future, he is still unsure. Police have charged Thanit with intentional homicide, carrying a knife in a town, village or public way, taking drugs and driving while passing through drug use. He was taken to the control room and taken to court on November 3, 2022.
Collect a frantic junkie. Attacking villagers, burying them alive, revealing threats to kill some - villagers|Young drug fanatics 2 villagers were injured, 1 was injured, 1 was injured, and 1 was beaten in the face and fled to the village. Police and villagers surrounded for more than 2 hours. In the end, he did not survive, was successfully arrested by the police, revealed that he had gone on a rampage and threatened to kill the whole village. The villagers were frightened at 1:30 p.m. on Nov. 2, 2022, police said. Kukaew Police Station, Udon Thani province, received a report of a man attacking a villager, injuring 2 people, 1 of whom was buried alive. Banjeet Kukaew District, Udon Thani Province After receiving the notification, he immediately went to investigate the scene of the accident. About 300 meters away from the village, the injured person was found to be 1 male, known as Mr. Sopha (last name unknown), 55 years old. Upon preliminary examination, it was found that the symptoms were quite serious because he was struck in the face with a spade and broke his jaw and asphyxiated. The officers rushed to help and rushed to Udon Thani Hospital, where the other injured person, whose name is still unknown, only knew that a friend of Mr. Sopha (the first injured) was hit in the face by the attacker and ran away to hide in the village. The attacker, known as Theerawat Khotsuno, 31, ran away more than 2 kilometers away, and police and villagers mobilized to blockade him for more than 2 hours. He was then detained for questioning at Kukaew Police Station after questioning Mr. Thavil Sophin, 50, a villager who went to help the injured. After lunch, he went back to eat at home, and then heard the villagers say that someone had been killed buried on the edge of the creek, so he rushed to see the perpetrator in a drunken state, walking with a knife and a spade near the burial site. HE THEN DID NOT CONTINUE AND WALKED AWAY UP THE CREEK. When I looked at my arm, I found that I was weak, which at first I thought was definitely dead, but when I heard the injured person breathing loudly and blowing his mouth out. So he hurried to continue digging the ground, and then rushed to bring up the body of the injured man, and found that he was suffering from severe symptoms because he was hit in the face and broke his jaw. The perpetrator had gone on a rampage and threatened to kill the entire village, causing the villagers to be frightened and dreaded to cause an incident like in Nong Bua Lamphu province. I am relieved that the police and villagers have been able to catch the perpetrators." Mr. Thavil specify
Capture the "Capital Min Lad" network Gangs seize more than 1.8 billion in assets|"Somsak" announces the work of the P.P.S. Joint Metropolitan Police to seize the Min Lad capital network and seize the resort - luxury hotel with assets of more than 1,858 million baht Which seized did not extend the tax effect to stimulate until the T.T. had to be alert if he did not want the country to be overrun with drugs, revealed that 1 month seized 3,171 million baht at 09.00 am on November 2, 2022 at the Office of the Narcotics Control Board (PSC). Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice presided. Ms. Natthapas Yongjaiyut, Assistant Minister of Justice Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Maj. Gen. Nitithorn Jintakanon Deputy Director-General and Deputy Secretary-General Piyasiri Wattanavarangkul said that the police have been investigating the information together with the P.P.S. since 2019, which has been linked to the transfer and irregularities in and the establishment of a transfer company. Money is being used to buy oil, electricity, we need to expand it. THERE ARE ACCOUNTS AND CHARACTERS THAT WE HAVE TO INVESTIGATE, THEN THERE ARE 4 CONFIRMED POINTS TO ISSUE SEARCH WARRANTS, AND ONE OF THEM IS THE MAIN ONE THAT HAS A CONNECTION. The Prime Minister urged us to urgently take action against the crackdown on drugs. Today, the P.O.S. Office, together with the Metropolitan Police, arrested a major drug trafficker. In this case, we have been following up on five arrests from 2019 to 2022, seizing 3,531,800 methamphetamine pills, 86.98 kilograms of ice, 6 kilograms of ketamine and 380 grams of heroin. Mr. Worawat Wangsabah and 4 others were prosecuted for conspiracy and aiding, seizing more than 500 million baht in assets and expanding their approval for conspiracy/money laundering. Allure Group (P&E) 4 Myanmar businessman Min Lad is the main accused, seizing luxury cars, watches and brand-name bags. Worth more than 300 million baht Mr. Somsak said that in the movement, the main culprits are Mr. Pannarong Khunpitak and Ms. Kalyavee Theerapraphawong, who are still escaping the arrest warrant, who are the main owners of the juristic person's property, namely land and real estate. There are vacant land, apartments, resorts, medium and large hotels in Pai, Mae Hong Son province. Hua Hin The total asset value of Min Lad Capital Network totaled 1,858 million baht. If in any part the property cannot be seized. "I want to tell civil servants and officials who are involved in drug cases. You have to wake up because there is a bounty to the suppressors who arrest and seize property. In less than 2 years, the person who makes the case will be able to share 25% of the prize money from the value of the seized property and ask the public to help inform the whistleblower because there is another 5% reward in the past of foreclosure. The old law takes 8 years, the new one takes only 2 years to be implemented, and I would like to instruct the Secretary-General of the P.O.S. to bring the reward in the case that has already been processed to the workers within a month. This November." MR. SOMSAK SAID SPONSORED REPORTERS ASKED ABOUT THE MEETING. The Cabinet has resolved to acknowledge the guidelines for delaying the export of drug precursors. Mr Somsak said it could be delayed. As for the export ban, the Department of Industrial Works must first complete the documents. Because it must be clear. The evaluation section looks at the arrest statistics each month. The staff has already worked. If there are fewer of them, it will be clearly visible. We are confident to curtail drugs produced in neighboring countries when asked about the seizure of various assets of drug dealer networks. Mr Somsak said the investigation must continue. We know there are clues, but sometimes the authorities don't understand. If we stick to the same way. We don't cut the financial path, we can't beat it all. It must continue to be overrun with drugs. Now we're changing people's mindsets. If you understand the different methods, you can defeat them. If you still don't understand it, you need to train intensively on Mr. Vichai said yesterday that he had attended the secretary-general's meeting. The MINISTRY of Agriculture and Agriculture has also clarified the suspension of the export of 3 drug precursors. He agreed and supported it, and has scheduled a meeting with us next month where he will support the work, including co-operation in issuing arrest warrants for fugitive suspects. and expanding drug trafficking networks as well. By now, the number of foreclosures since November 2018 has increased. So far, 3,171 million baht has been seized.
"The song of the float". Open Battle - Shooting Teen hurts 3|"The work to the new soldiers boils over." Alien rioters roared the floats. Raise the harassing dancers. A local teenager was shot and wounded 2 bottles and injured 1 more at 21 a.m. on Nov. 2, 2022, police said. Roi Et City Police Department received a report of a man who was shot with a firearm and injured several people. The incident occurred in Nonrang village. Nonrang District Therefore, he went to investigate the scene and found 1 injured, known as Mr. Krisdanai Kudrangnok, 20 years old, who was shot in the coccyx in the right leg, the bullet penetrated and 2 others were taken to Roi Et Hospital earlier. Prachuap Siriat, who was shot in the abdomen after questioning the homeowner, said he had previously hired a live music float to play in front of the house. At the time of the incident, a group of teenagers from different villages came to dance and fight, and then a group of teenagers from different villages pulled firearms and fired at the local teenagers, causing the initial injuries. The police have already examined and collected evidence at the scene and are prepared to call the injured and eyewitnesses for further interrogation to conclude the cause and speed up the follow-up of the perpetrators for further legal proceedings.
"Vigilant" Special Prosecutor Add witnesses to the case of the man in black, dreading to intervene in the case.|"Vinyati" Voi, the special prosecutor, asked for more witnesses to the case of the man in black, and asked the attorney general if he knew. There were 4-5 uniformed soldiers going up to the prosecutor's office. Noted intervening in the case. On November 3, 2022, Mr. Wignati Chatmantri Secretary-General, Confederation of Lawyers for Rights and Freedoms As a team of lawyers in the case of men in black (Part 2), it was revealed that this case is black case no. 212/2564 filed by the prosecutor of The Special Case Office 1 against Mr. Kittisak or Fat Randomsri, a resident of Bangkok, Mr. Preecha or Kai Tia. Chiang Mai residents He was charged with conspiracy to commit murder and attempted murder of an officer, who acted in accordance with his duties on Nov. 2. A team of defense lawyers who acted as lawyers during the final hearing of the plaintiff's witnesses in the second black man case at the Criminal Court. The prosecution has asked for the addition of one witness in the case, Mr. Ranrit Surisha, who is a former defendant in the first black man case, but returned as a witness for the plaintiff. Although he had testified in court that he had not committed the crime and had been physically assaulted while in custody in the barracks, and that it may be unlawful to keep the defendant as a witness, the prosecutor asked for this witness to be examined. The lawyers who handled the case also reported that before the witness account was added, the prosecution had not been able to do so. Some irregularities have occurred, the Attorney General's Office said. 4-5 uniformed soldiers arrived at the prosecutor's office on Nov. 1 and arrived again on Nov. 2. Is there anyone behind the scenes to talk to his family about coming forward with testimony, and how important is it that the military has to come to the prosecutor? He also said that he would like to learn to ask Ms. Nari Tantasate. The Attorney General said that a set of soldiers had asked or ordered anything to the public prosecutor. "The Man in Black case has several defendants. The Supreme Court has dismissed the case, but one defendant has been detained continuously. Don't give him back his freedom. He filed five other charges citing the same incident, despite the lack of evidence. Instead, one former defendant, who was also acquitted, was set aside as a witness to repeatedly testify against the accused, where would he and his family go?" Mr. Wignati The reporter reported that in the case of the man in black, the Supreme Court dismissed the case on February 16, 2021, which was filed by the Special Prosecutor of Special Litigation Division 1. Mr. Kittisak or Fat Coopsri, a Bangkok resident, Mr. Preecha or a low chicken. Chiang Mai, Mr. Ranarit or Na Suricha Residents of Ubon Ratchathani Province, Mr. Chamnan or Lek Party Projection Mrs. Punika or Orr Chusri, a resident of Bangkok, is the 1st and 5th defendants in the offense of joint possession of weapons. The prosecution concluded that on April 10, 2010, the five defendants, the fugitives and the deceased may have committed several different offences. Together, they carry weapons, ammunition and explosives that can be used to shoot and cause life-threatening harm. Damage to body or property such as M79 grenade launchers, M16 guns, HK 33 guns or AGA guns, which the registrar will issue a license to not go to the cowshed intersection, Tanao Road. Democracy Road Kwang Bowonniwet Bangkok, which is a city. On the day and time of the incident, the officers seized the weapons of war of the central government until September 11, 2014, the officers followed up and arrested the 5 defendants and sent the investigation officer to the Department of Special Investigation to prosecute the SPONSORED case.
2. The 2nd Director of the Ransom Case is misunderstood as a Chinese man arranged to use 3 million crypto debts.|P.W.2 leans on the ransom case as a misunderstanding, which is actually about paying 3 million baht in debt. After investing in crypto, the coins were not transferred, but instead were embezzled by the intermediary Chinese. On November 2, 2022, the police of Sutthisan Police Station received a report of a man with an able-bodied man. Kidnapping a Chinese national from a condominium in Ratchadapisek district, therefore, coordinated with police patrol and special operations 191 before taking only 1 hour to find out that the car that caused the accident was parked in front of a commercial building at Sampeng Market 2, Kanlapaphruek district, so he was detained to investigate the facts at Sutthisan Police Station, divided into 4 Thais and 1 Chinese. Pm 2 went to interrogate the perpetrators and the victims. afterwards Pol. Maj. Gen. Attapol said he had interrogated the origin of the case. The facts of the investigation revealed that Yang Yu Fan had recently contacted Ah Liang, who had recently known each other, to invest 3 million baht in USDT. He gathered money from a group of friends, then Liang contacted Mr. Yu Shan to say that someone was interested in buying USDT. The owner of Ming Ting restaurant in Wang Thonglang district, who buys and sells cryptocurrency in USDT, said that Mr. Liang then made an appointment. Yu Shan and Tao Yuan traded at Mingding Restaurant, where footage and evidence of digital money transfers were recorded. However, it appears that Yang Yu Fan, the owner of the investment, did not receive the digital money transfer in USDT into his account, so he understood that he was cheated by Mr. Yu San. Mr. Yang Yu Fan arranged a refund negotiation with Mr. Yu San, so he took 1 Thai friend with him and asked the security guard in the area to be his friend for safety. Because the transfer code does not match the source. Mr. Yu Shan and Mr. Yang Yu Fan did not take the case because it was a misunderstanding. In this case, there has been no violence against debt collection. Mr. Yang Yu Fan will have to report the case to Mr. Aliang at Wang Thonglang Police Station. Because the scene of the transfer of funds was in the area of responsibility, the 2nd director also said that he would investigate in depth how all the Chinese people involved came to be. Whether or not it involves gray business, it provides fairness to both parties. The case must be given priority because there is currently a policy from the commander of the Royal Thai Police to check Chinese people who come to do gray business in Thailand. So as not to create further problems.
Lt. Col. 21 intercepts methamphetamine cartels Using an army of ants to transport the mekong, seize 70 thousand tablets.|Methamphetamine spills over Thai-Lao border non-stop, snatch Lt. Col. 21 Captured an army of ants, seized 70 thousand tablets. Smugglers are staying at the border along the Mekong to wait for shipments to sell their inner areas, ordering tightening measures near the New Year. More than 10 million pills were seized at the beginning of the year on November 3, 2022, 2109th Scout Task Force, 21 Scout Task Force. T.Ponom A.Tha Uthen Nakhon Phanom Col. Suriwat Akaraporndechapong, Commander of the Scout Regiment 21 Lt. Col. 21 commit Capt. Nirut Sangsoda Deputy Lieutenant Colonel 2109 Officers involved Police, Military, Government Statement on the arrest of methamphetamine traffickers after arrest Mr. Wuttiya Saerim or Gob, 26 years old, a villager of The Thick Village. T.Ponom A.Tha Uthen Nakhon Phanom province, with 38 bundles of methamphetamine, 70,000 tablets counted, arrested after learning that the accused was involved in drug-related activities. The suspects were able to transport methamphetamine smuggled from neighboring Laos until the authorities investigated and arrested them in the morning. On the banks of the Mekong River B.B.A. M.8 T.Ponom A.Tha Uthen Therefore, they mobilized to search and arrest. The accused initially confessed to working as a contractor for a Laotian capitalist. 2,000 baht per time to bring methamphetamine smuggled from Lao PDR to wait for further transportation, which is transported by long-tail boat like an army of ants. Avoid arrest, which the authorities will investigate further. "It is believed to be a major trafficking network because of the large amount of methamphetamine smuggling that will require continuous monitoring and increased measures to intercept and suppress arrests. As a result, the market is in high demand. Based on information on drug arrests in the border area of Nakhon Phanom province. It is found in early years to the present. More than 10 million methamphetamine pills have been seized. Most of them are smuggled in like an army of ants carrying long-tailed boats to stay on the Mekong waiting to be sent for sale, and use local labor to join the movement.
Clear some gray Chinese capital, catch 15 people of the middle 300 million, found a contractor to buy a luxury house, raise the phase.|"Deputy continued" operation "Falling crutches, cutting branches", blockade the network of gray Chinese capitalists, arrested 15 suspects, seized items worth more than 300 million. Take gray money to buy property, hire bodyguards, find information about Chinese people buying housing, lift phase. Several foreign gangs have settled down in Thailand because they cannot return home at 10.00 a.m. on November 3, 2022 at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Chief Of Staff 1, Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Deputy Chief of Police 1 jointly announced the results of the blockade to search the network of gray Chinese capitalists in accordance with the operation "Falling crutches, cutting branches" by blockade 3 checkpoints in Bangkok area, arresting 15 suspects. Of these, 11 were Chinese. 4 Thais with cash equivalents of over 42 million baht More than 10 luxury cars, several land title deeds, foreign liquor. Deck of cards Brand-name bags WITH A TOTAL VALUE OF MORE THAN 300 MILLION BAHT, SPONSORED BY POL. GEN. PERSAK, SAID THE BLOCKADE WAS THE GOVERNMENT'S POLICY. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, emphasized the importance of crime prevention and suppression, coupled with recent cases of foreigners dying from drugs in entertainment venues. In the case of a facility that is open only to foreign tourists who have committed drug and gambling offenses, the owner of the business or service facility is a foreign investor. Yannawa, Sathorn The latter found a group of tourists, mostly Chinese, 237. A total of 111 Chinese men, 126 Chinese women, and 29 Cambodian and Thai employees and individuals were found in the building and seized more than 30 luxury cars to investigate whether the owner was involved, known to be involved in drugs or money laundering. One of the luxury cars seized by the police was The accused, a Chinese woman, was the driver. According to the investigation, the Chinese man is an online crime group but holds a Cambodian passport to travel. The proceeds from the scam are laundered by investing in businesses. Buy a luxury house, luxury condo Luxury cars and many other valuable assets. Bodyguards are hired to guard them at all times. On November 2, the first point of search at House No. 396/63, Grand Monaco Village, Soi Kanchanapisek 50, Dokmai Subdistrict, Prawet Subdistrict, Bangkok, found 5 Chinese and 3 Thais, along with several items such as 3 cars, comprising: Chevrolet STINKGRAY supercar with a red tag priced at nearly 10 million baht. motorcycle Ducati red No license plate attached. More than 50 bottles of foreign liquor, 13 mobile phones, 3 notebook computers and 7 million baht cash point 2, House No. 89/46, Grand Bangkok Boulevard Village, Bangna-Onnut, Dokmai Subdistrict, Prawet District, Bangkok, which is the home of Mr. LIN YIAN or Mr. Yapaso Sawanyagiri, and seized several other assets, such as 3 black Toyota Alpard (red badge) cars, 1 Patek Philippe luxury watch, and 7.5 million baht in cash. identification card Mr. Yapaso's name, Sawanyagiri, and The Book of Thailand Mr. Yapaso Sawanyagiri's name and point 3 is a condo. On Sukhumvit Soi 39, 4 Chinese nationals were found and assets such as 28 million baht in cash. The 8 luxury brand-name bags, Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak said, were taken from the identification card of the accused, Mr. LIN YIAN or Mr. Yapaso Sawanyagiri, who had been seized and checked with the civil registration directory of the Department of Government. The registrar issued it to another person (face mismatch) in Fang District, Chiang Mai province, so it is believed that it is a forgery of id card. It has been verified that the person on the ID card is still alive and has broken corn in the provincial area. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy commander of the Royal Thai Police, is in the process of expanding the results with the relevant authorities, which are responsible for issuing such documents. In addition, passports of two nationalities were found: Thai and Cambodian. There were 25 trips to and from Cambodia, 12 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and according to preliminary investigations, there was also a suki shop business in King's Roman. Lao PDR and 3 areas of gold with SPONSORED information that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit gave to the police about 5 Chinese network capital groups. Police are currently in the process of expanding, as is the allegation that some of the Chinese accused have close ties to senior police officers, including one of the former ministers. Police have searched the former minister's residence but have not found anything illegal or linked to a Chinese network. Pol. Gen. Persak Sukvimol also revealed the issue of the former minister, who is listed behind the undermining and the Chinese capital, saying that the matter asked the police to investigate first. Before answering or confirming yes or no and whether or not it is the person that society thinks and ask to gather evidence, routes and seized items because they believe that the crime must leave a mark. Confirm no one can take control of the police work. However, while inspecting the two luxury villages, it was discovered that in the new phase under construction and the completed construction, the property of the entire Chinese group was owned. The issue has prompted an investigation. THE UDOMSUK POLICE DEPARTMENT IS INVESTIGATING WHETHER IT IS PROPERLY HELD BECAUSE THE VALUE OF EACH HOUSE IS AS HIGH AS 40-50 MILLION BAHT. The police have investigated all of them and believe that there are many gangs in Thailand, but let's not specify the name of the country because not everyone involved and there are many nations that have entered. Because we don't want our country to be a crime scene.
18 admins, 100 mb..PCT|PCT police arrested 18 online gambling website administrators with a large number of central items, initially suspending 43 accounts with a circulation of more than 100 million on November 3, 2022. Deputy Chief Of Staff/ Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Sompong Ching-duong, Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Panurat Lakboon, Assistant Deputy Commissioner /Deputy Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Axiom Chief Of Staff Has ordered Maj. Gen. Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief of Staff/1st Operations Squadron, Maj. Gen. Thanit Thaivajramas Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Sathit Prom-Uthai 1st Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Ratchot Chotikhun Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Choi Panakit Director (Investigation) Police Investigation Group Ready until T.S.P.S.T. consists of: Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant S.W.2 Deputy Commissioner of Police (Investigation) Investigation Group And Lieutenant Colonel Adisorn Boonchum, Deputy Commissioner of Police. SPONSORED police conducted a search of a luxury condominium. Sanambinnam district, Mueang district, Nonthaburi province, arrested Mr. Kittikorn or Bird, 37, who is the administrator of way191 online gambling website with 18 employees, including 20 mobile phones tied to horse accounts, 15 computers, initially suspended 43 accounts with more than 100 million cash flows. Rattanathibet Police Department initially prosecuted the case for "providing play or trickery, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in plays which are not authorized by the authorities".
A skeleton was found beneath the Conn. City Stadium. Speeding up the investigation Expect aliens to be killed, buried in the ground.|The remains of a mysterious human skeleton were found buried in the City Stadium of Conn. It is expected that for more than 5-6 years, the police will speed up the resolution of the case. Migrant workers are expected to be killed and buried in the ground—workers believe the spirits are in a hurry. The worker fell into a hole until the skeleton was unearthed at 2.00 p.m. on November 3, 2022. Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Department has been informed that human skeleton remains have been found buried underground. At the construction site of the fence wall of football stadium 2 inside the stadium of Nakhon Si Thammarat. T.Thawang Therefore, along with Lt. Col. Akom Jeonnui, Deputy Superintendent of Investigation, Police Investigator, Forensic Police, Medical Officer of Maharat Nakhon Si Thammarat Hospital, until Lt. Col. Tai Tek Tueng Foundation went to the scene of the incident. To construct a fence wall for such a football field. About 1 meter deep, human skeleton remains were found. 3 separate arms, dozens of fragments of bone. There were 2 human teeth and 1 partial spinal remains, but no skulls were found. The doctor confirmed that it is a human skeleton carcass, but cannot confirm how long he has been dead, but it is assumed that the age of the project is probably not less than 5-6 years, but not more than 10 years, but the gender has not yet been determined. Backhoes were used to dig up the ground to build a standard football field fence wall. Until digging to find the human skeleton remains, which until the lt. collected all the skeletal remains to collect for further examination at Maharat Nakhon Si Thammarat Hospital, one worker said that before excavating the human skeleton carcass this time. Mr. Jack (pseudonym) foreman He slipped and fell into the area and unearthed skeletal debris. IT'S LIKE THE SOUL OF SUCH A SKELETON PULLS INTO A HOLE TO FIND THE SKELETAL DEBRIS.SPONSORED
Former imprisonment rules B.C.C. Bang Khu Wat With Them In Case Of Land Acquisition Fraud|The Supreme Court sentenced 8 people to jail for corruption in land purchase. The 1st and 4th defendants were sentenced to 1 year and 8 months imprisonment and the 6th and 7th defendants were sentenced to 1 year and 1 month in prison, the 5th and 8th defendants were sentenced to 2 years in prison and fined 50 thousand at the Supreme Court on November 3, 2022. The court decided the case that the P.P.C. investigated and handed over. The Attorney General has filed a lawsuit against Mr. Wittaya or Phasit Mali, the former chairman of the KGB. The prosecution accused another 72-year-old farmer of 8 counts of being an official responsible for managing the preservation of property, abusing his power in office, and being an official in the wrongful performance of his duties under Sections 151, 157 and 157 of the Public Officials' Offences Act (only for defendants 1 to 4) and for being supporters of wrongdoing officials (only defendants 5 to 8). The P.P.C. investigated that in 2003, the defendants staged a scene for the parcel officers to make up the matter that the building should be built. The new commissioner and the 1st defendant convened a meeting of the Land Purchase Commission. There are defendants 2 to 4, who are kg. The MINISTRY agreed and then gave the 6th defendant a bid of 20 million baht for the land. The 7th defendant bid 17 million baht. Although the price of land of 5 rai, 2 ngan, 4 sq.w. is not that high. Finally, the defendants entered into a purchase agreement with the 7th defendant for 17 million baht. The actual price is only 5.5 million baht. The 8th defendant, who owned the land under the title deed, was the seller of the criminal court in the corruption case, convicted the defendants of the crime, imprisoned the defendants 1 to 4 for a total of 3 years and 6 months, and imprisoned. Defendants 5 to 8 each for 2 years and 4 months. The punishment for defendants 1 to 4 was reduced to 3 years and 4 months but reduced to 1 year and 8 months, while defendants 5 to 8 were sentenced to 2 years and 2 months imprisonment, reduced to 1 year and 1 month and ten days. Only the 1st and 3rd defendants and 5 and 8 of the Supreme Court have ruled that the supreme court of the 1st and 3rd defendants cannot hear the rules, but the supreme court of the 5th and 8th defendants has found that both defendants have been imprisoned for a long time and that the 8th defendant is a farmer of old age, so he should be sentenced to 2 years each and fined 50 thousand baht each. Next.
"Daryl Young" has escaped. After the appointment, DSI acknowledged the charges in the Forex-3D sharing case.|DSI confirms "Daryl Young" The Singaporean businessman has been on the run since Oct. 25 after the DSI pleaded guilty to charges in the Forex-3D sharing case today and asked the court to immediately issue an arrest warrant. 16 (same lot as DJ Man and Pandan) One of them appears as Mr. Daryl Kai Yanghui, a Singaporean businessman. The 32-year-old was originally scheduled to face three charges, including conspiracy to defraud the public, conspiracy to defraud the public, and conspiracy to enter into a computer system with false computer information that would cause damage to the public from Oct. 4-5, but Daryl assigned a lawyer to send a letter to DSI investigators on Oct. 25 and postponed again to Nov. 3. At 2:20 p.m. on Nov. 3 at the Division of Informal Financial Business Litigation. Department of Special Investigation, 8th Floor, Government Center, Building B Chaengwattana Road, Lt. Col. Vishnu Chimprakul, director of the Informal Financial Business Litigation Division, revealed that among the accused lots, 16 have been charged with 14 offences, while the other two are foreigners, including a Hungarian man, who has fled Thailand since 2020. Daryl Kai Yanghui or Daryl Young, a Singaporean, said his lawyer had actually come forward today to hear the allegations. c. But the first set of lawyers requested a postponement to October 12, later asked for another postponement, arguing that the accused was not ready because of other personal lawsuits as well, so he asked for a postponement to October 25, but on that day the client changed the team of lawyers, it is the right of the accused to use any set of lawyers. If we knew that he would not come in this afternoon, we would have asked the court to issue a warrant for his arrest. Because we have already drafted it, Lt. Col. Vishnu said that in the destination country where the Singaporean man traveled, we will have to check the port again because of different agencies, but this circumstance confirms that the DSI is considering asking the court for a warrant for his arrest, the reporter asked for a warrant to confirm that the singaporean man would come to know about the allegations on November 3. Mr. Vishnu said that he is a reputable lawyer with credibility, but when he learned that his client was absent, he was troubled and called him and said that he could not contact his client. He wants his client to come in since Nov. 2, and he has been in touch with him since Nov. 2, but he hasn't been able to contact him this morning. It's not. The two sets of lawyers for the Singaporean male accused have not been found guilty because the lawyers have been willing to bring the client in, and in the event of a postponement, the lawyer will always come in and send a letter of postponement throughout the process. When asked if the case of the couple fleeing to other countries if the country had an extradition treaty, the DSI would follow up. R.R. Mr. Vishnu said that of course, this channel must be used for international cooperation, but it will take some time because each agency has different criteria for requesting red notices, and lot 16 (Lot DJ Man and Baitoey) will proceed. Mr. Vishnu said that 14 of them have gradually submitted documents to resolve the allegations, some of them have sent lawyers, but they have to admit that the allegations that we have informed, they have a lot of facts to ask for time to gather documents to solve the allegations. Mr. Vishnu also said that in the case of actor Bal-Kamman, there is still a need for additional examinations because there is very little information to be gathered, so he has given time to prepare to gather more documents to file according to the issues raised with him. There are delays, some of the documents are not complete, including a large amount of evidence, as well as having to work in integration with other agencies, so that the conclusion of the expression before submitting to the prosecutor, the DSI must be as complete as possible. If the money laundering case is completed first, then the prosecution will have to send the case to the prosecutor first, because it is different from the forex-3D fraud. As for whether there is a tendency to call the bull star to testify? Because of the two who came to testify as witnesses, we had to call the witnesses first and ask to see if they were in line or not. Mr. Vishnu said that some cases will be considered as appropriate.
Udon girl reveals that her 13-year-old daughter was raped by a lustful man. Lean on the matter.|A 13-year-old girl who was a victim of a 20-year-old girl known on Facebook chats to rape her 13-year-old girl in a dormitory in the heart of Udon Thani. After being Mr. Tonongsak (surname reserved), 20 years old, a villager in Ban Khok District. Sangcom District, Udon Thani Province A 20-year-old college student seduced via Facebook and took him to a park in downtown Udon Thani. Before taking the motorcycle into the room, attempting to sexually assault and masturbating the girl, the girl even chatted to her senior friend for help. At 6:00 p.m. on November 3, 2022, reporters went to a house in Nadi. Muang District, Udon Thani Province, met Miss Beautiful (pseudonym), 30 years old, Dr. B's mother said that she has 2 children, B is the eldest daughter, and the youngest is a man. You're in class. In 1st grade, I had a group of friends at school and set up a Facebook chat group together about 1 month ago. My daughter got to know Mr. Tonongsak via Facebook. The daughter said that this guy was chatting to flirt. Before meeting yesterday, we agreed to take a trip to Nong Prajak in the city. The 13-year-old's mother said he then took his daughter to his room. Before trying to abuse her daughter, but the daughter refused. This man opened a bottle of alcohol, after which he committed an obscene act of masturbation on his daughter, during which the daughter tried to ask for help from a group of friends, until 2 senior male friends in the group rushed to the police to help. THE POLICE CALLED THE MOTHER NEARLY MIDNIGHT, SO SHE RUSHED OUT TO FIND HER DAUGHTER AND TAKE HER HOME. Here's how to tell your daughter about making friends. Will take special care of your child's social play. Luckily, I was able to get in there and help. At first, he was afraid that it would be like the news that they had attacked each other, leading to his death, while Dr. B brought evidence of a Facebook chat. Between Mr. Tonongsak, from getting to know each other to having an affair and meeting for the first time, as well as chatting with a group of friends who are asking for help. The location of the room was pinned to know and was eventually rescued.
Nan police raided the house of "Phra Bai Thanet" to collect more evidence, believing that he had not fled the country.|Nan police raided the house of "Phra Pad Thanet". Accused under arrest warrant for novice sexual assault Find financial evidence to check The follow-up section has not yet been found. Governor Nan Yan There were no reports of fleeing the country on November 3, 2022, said Lt. Col. Chatri Hattayawat, director of the Muang Nan Police Department, and Lt. Col. Chakrapong Wankchai. Deputy Commissioner of Police, City Of Nan, Lieutenant Colonel Anurag Khankaew Deputy Senator Muang Nan, Lieutenant Colonel Tananchai Netthip, Deputy Senator Muang Nan, Lieutenant Colonel Thanadol Intarapradit The Deputy Senator of Muang Nan, together with a number of investigators, hastened to follow up and give evidence by searching the house of Phra Permanent Thanet Kongnoi, 36 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant No. 164/2565 dated October 27, 2022, for the charges of 1. committing indecent acts on a child under fifteen years of age who is not his wife or husband, with or without his consent, 2. committing indecent acts on a child under fifteen years of age, with or without consent, by searching chiang rai house. In order to find more evidence, the company seized financial documents and some related documents in order to track down close people. On the mother's and sister's side. The accused did not give an interview because the mother suffered a broken leg and both of them had COVID-19 and were still in the hospital. After searching, the officers also found a handwritten document with the message "Leave me to take care of my mother, I love you and my mother very much, be patient, we will see you again" with a signature, which the sister claimed that Thanet returned to the house on September 12 and left a note on a piece of paper. By conducting a search of several areas in Nan Province. No person has been found under the arrest warrant for the inspection of the temple money and the story inside the Wat Phra That Chang Kham Worawihan. Prakrusirinanthawit Primate of Mueang Nan District The director of Nanthaburi School (Phra Pariyattham Department) said that the section of Wat Phra That Chang Kham is a royal monastery. It does not coincide with district-level ecclesiastical administration. The culprit was the assistant abbot of the royal monastery, who was under the rule of the abbot. The operation must be carried out by the abbot in cooperation with the Nan Buddhist Office. Then report the results directly to the provincial primate. As for the foster parents' accounts, they are in the watch and of Wat Phra That Chang Kham Worawihan. We'll have to wait for the review process. As for the various funds that the school has the Permanent Secretary involved in, it has been checked. There was no corruption in the case progress. Maj. Gen. Piyapan Pattarapongsin Nan said he had instructed investigators to search the area for the arrest warrant. He urged the police to expedite the search for the person under the warrant, which was initially investigated with the immigration police. It has not yet been found to have left the country. In the case of the audio clip that was released through the show, it was reported that there was a police involvement. Nan Provincial Police will conduct an investigation. If a police officer is found to be involved in an inappropriate manner. Further disciplinary action will be taken.
Break through the arsenal, produce contraband guns. Fastening of the middle of the abyss. Accept custom made - send to sell online|Police are raiding Trang city. The 30-year-old converted the basement of his house into a gun manufacturing facility and discovered the equipment and parts of the gun. The investigator admitted to making all the confessions, selling them online, sending them to customers through a famous app on November 3, 2022. Lt. Col. Surasak Surinkaew, 3rd Lt. The Army commanded Lt. Col. Ratchapol Rungkittiworakul, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Jiratthawat Kanjanavarangkur, Deputy Chief of Staff, 1st Lt. Col. B.C.T., Operation 1, S.P.O.S.T., Tourist Police, Cyber Police, P.O.C. Trang Police, and police officers arrested together A search warrant was executed in Trang Provincial Court No. 757/2565 dated November 2, 2022 to search a house in Moo 3, Hat Samran. Samran Beach Trang After receiving a tip that he had posted a firearm sale online. Therefore, he tried to trace the source until he knew the source, so he went to the area to investigate. The person was seen to be in the same manner as the investigative report, so the officer showed up and arrested him. Mr. Veerachai Thongkam, 30, a resident, was then searched inside the house. Found a self-invented Thai rifle. Approximately 9 inches in caliber, one .22 mm ammunition with no registration number and serial number, and a magazine containing ammunition. In addition, 160 rounds of .22mm ammunition were found inside the closet of the house, four in paper boxes, and an airsoft firearm with no registration number was found. Applies to lead-headed shotgun shells. Then we discovered 30 pieces of 18cm 1.6cm diameter steel pipe (used as a component of the gun sliding kit). Packed in a brown paper box and 30 pieces of 18 cm long and 1-inch diameter steel tubes (used as a component of the gun sliding kit). Packed in a brown paper box on the doorstep. Before distributing the search to the basement area. Found 3 pieces of .22 mm gun caliber, 1 piece of trigger set, 1 set of .22 caliber sliders, 5 pieces of .22 mm gun (sliding jacket), 1 piece of silencer, and 1 piece of folding gun trunk. 1 pcs. 1 MILING machine, 1 makpec drill, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec drawstring, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec electric grinding stone, 1 makpec In addition, from the search of the pickup truck that was parked in front of the house. Found the bank account book of Krungthai branch in The White Eye area. The owner of the account named Mr. Veerachai Thongkam was the account used for the transfer of firearms parts, 1 book from the investigation, Mr. Weerachai pleaded guilty throughout the charges at the arrest level and admitted to being a seller of equipment. The owner of the online shop, who is entirely homemade, used the tools in the basement of the house to produce such modifications and then delivered them to customers via the app. L&M Shop DIY with illustrations for sale Preliminary in arrest class The officers arrested him and charged him with "violating the Firearms Act, making and possessing firearms and ammunition without permission, making and possessing firearms for unauthorized trade".
Chief Of Staff Chiang Mai - Phrae - Udon Thani|The Director-General of the Department of Education revealed that the Chiang Mai-Phrae-Udon Thani Police Department is lax in issuing student visas to Chinese nationals, but it is a personal matter. This belief will be diminished at 11:00 a.m. on Nov. 4, 2022, at the Immigration Bureau .... Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, said chiang mai-phrae-udon thani police officers were lax in issuing student visas to Chinese nationals until they committed crimes in the country. They have sent a letter of instruction to check the documents and circumstances of entry, as well as to track whether they have entered the country on a visa. Is there a misuse? If found guilty, the visa must be revoked. "In the past, there has always been strictness. As for the defects, it is expected that they are caused by personal matters, which must be mandated and taken administrative measures, and it is expected that in the future the defects will be reduced. Follow the law and follow the stated purpose and stay as notified. It also mandates monthly performance reports. Maj. Gen. Poompipat In other words, the guidelines section. Applying for a foreign student visa While the same criteria are still used, but the authorities may skip the procedures prescribed by the criteria depending on the individual, and whether there will be adjustments to intensify or not, will have to discuss with other agencies more, since the STAM does not work in this section alone and the authorities do not target any particular person. Fully documented Having a certificate from an educational institution, they must be allowed to enter the country and reside. THE OFFICER MUST REVOKE THE VISA AND REPATRIATE IT ACCORDING TO THE ALREADY PRACTICED.
A 24-year-old man with gambling debts raided a department store to sell 2 baht of gold. Ratchaburi Square|A 24-year-old man wielding a gun in a department store in Ratchaburi got 2 baht of gold and sold it at another gold shop in Chom Bueng district to redeem his necklace. Finally, it was collected. The knot of gambling debts The police confirmed that they did not make news at 12.30 p.m. on November 4, 2022. The Ratchaburi Police Department received a report of a criminal running around the property inside The Thong Yaowarat Bangkok Department Store Ratchaburi branch, which is located inside a department store in Ratchaburi city. After receiving the notification, he coordinated Pol. Maj. Gen. Wachirapong Amarapitak. Ratchaburi Police Chief Lt. Col. Rangsan Sukke, Deputy Chief of Police Ratchaburi and Lt. Col. Thanin Chatcharoenporn, Deputy Chief of Police, Phetchaburi Police Department, to acknowledge and inspect the scene of the accident until the investigation team of Muang Ratchaburi Police Department and until the police prove the evidence of the crime scene is The Thong Yaowarat Bangkok Department Store, Ratchaburi Branch. Four female employees were found waiting for the police to arrive at the scene in a panic. The inquiry found that around 12:00 p.m., a teenage male, about 25 years old, was wearing a grey long-sleeved jacket over a black T-shirt. Wearing three-piece jeans, wearing a black face mask with earrings punctured in the ears, and wearing black and red sandals, he asked to buy gold weighing 2 baht, but the staff of the gold shop felt guilty, so the villain opened his face to see before taking out the gold in the cabinet for the villain to choose. The assailant ran down and made a gun magazine with a .38-caliber ball in the magazine. The attacker ran to the left of the mall until he passed the grocery store next to the mall. He then stumbled and fell until the gun that the villain had brought with him fell from the villain's waist, which was seen by several eyewitnesses, frightened, but the villain collected the firearm and ran away in front of the blood collection tent. Ratchaburi Hospital sub-branch, where the gangsters parked their hidden motorcycles to use as escape vehicles. But while riding a motorcycle. The assailants pointed guns at eyewitnesses and ran away. Before the gangsters drove their motorcycles and fled up Sirilak Bridge, Miss Noi (last name reserved), an eyewitness who was gunned down by the gangsters, said that around 12.00 pm, he saw the gangsters park their cars next to the store and stand and look at the outside of the store, but did not enter the store. Next, walk to the mall. After about 10-20 minutes, the gangsters ran out of the mall carrying guns. They stumbled and fell on the side of the store and rushed to the scene of the motorcycle ride away, where they were shocked and frightened because the assailants were carrying guns in broad daylight in public. When the gangsters ran, guns turned to them. When they were scared and ran away until they broke their knees, they were afraid that the villains would shoot. 13.30 p.m., Lt. Col. Thanin Chatcharoenporn, Deputy Chief of Police, Phetchaburi Police Department, Muang Ratchaburi Police Station, and until the Investigation Team of Ratchaburi Police Department knew the name and the culprit. The villains are hiding in a house near Sankaba village. M.10 Chom Bueng District Chom Bueng, whose name was later known as Mr. Akarapol Jindachote, 24 years old, searched the property, namely a gold necklace weighing 2 baht and a motorcycle with the weapon used to commit the crime. City Council of Ratchaburi He said the accused testified that prior to the incident, he had been arrested. The culprit took his own 1 baht black gold necklace and pledged it to the company. Thong dee Chom Bueng Co., Ltd. for 27,000 baht before robbing the gold necklace inside ratchaburi city mall and taking it to pawn at the company. Thong dee Chom Bueng Co., Ltd. again at a price of 54,000 baht, having taken out the money that had redeemed his own gold and had money with him until the police discovered 27,000 baht, which the villain claimed to have done because he owed online gambling. Initially, the police had already taken the culprit to redeem the gold. He was then taken to the police station to search for the firearm used in the incident. Ms. Parina Kraikupt The former Ratchaburi District 3 MP, Pracharat Party, posted a personal message stating, "Now, this time. There is a gangster for gold at Big C Ratchaburi. Why don't the police let journalists do the news?" Lt. Col. Thanin Chatcharoenporn, Deputy Chief of Police, Phetchaburi Police Department, Muang Ratchaburi Police Station, explained that the police did not block the media from making news, but because the mall administrator asked the reporter not to record the news presentation, the police after the incident rushed to track down the culprit. They insist that they do not block the presentation of news, but it may be caused by a misunderstanding between the mall administrator and the reporter.
Police cleared multi-nationality criminal gangs. Build security ahead of APEC meetings|Police said they had cleared multi-nationality crime gangs. Building safety ahead of APEC meetings. Aliens who commit offenses under the Immigration Act and perpetrators were found guilty on November 4, 2022. Axiom Chief Of Staff Along with Maj. Gen. Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Tanit Thaivajramas Chief Of Staff and Maj. Gen. Manat Sriwongsa The 3rd District Commander and the operation team held a press conference on the mobilization of crime before the APEC leaders' meeting, with the main goal being aliens who commit offenses under the Immigration Act B.E. 2522 (1979) and other laws. He said the MINISTRY was aware of the importance of maintaining security at the economic zone leaders' meeting. There is a continuous mobilization to eradicate crime during the APEC leaders' meeting and concrete results. Throughout the month November 2022 To implement the policy of the Royal Thai Police and to prepare for the security of APEC leaders and dignitaries who participated in the APEC Leaders' Meeting. During the period of 5-31 October 2022, the POLICE was able to arrest 719 cases of overstay and arrested 779 suspects, comparing the statistics of overstay in October 2021 and October 2022, which showed an increase of 584 cases, or 432.59%. In September 2022 and October 2022, there were 563 cases, or 360.90%, with arrests for important and interesting cases. as follows 1. Korean suspects arrested over 100 million baht in damages policeman 1 kg B.S.S.M. arrest Mr. Bunsu (pseudonym), 62 years old, Korean nationality, accused of being an alien in the Kingdom by the end of the arrest. The Police Consul at the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in Thailand has confirmed that Bunsu (pseudonym) is a person wanted by South Korean authorities to be prosecuted for fraud. More than 36 offences resulted in the loss of more than 3,558 million won (about 3 million U.S. dollars) or more than 100 million Thai baht. Austrian accused of fleeing Thailand Embassy of the Republic of Austria in Thailand Follow-up courtesy Mr. Marco (pseudonym), 50, Austrian nationality, who is a person with an EU arrest warrant. In the offense of embezzlement of social security contributions of employees. The offence of gross infringement of the interests of creditors. The offences of bankruptcy fraud and social security fraud totaled 7 offences, while the PCT police and the Immigration Bureau were charged with a total of 7 offences. Tourist Police and Police Chinese gambling gangs have been arrested and arrested 56 Chinese website employees. The TAT and the NCPO have learned that a group of Chinese expats have been hacking into Thailand to open an online gambling site called HengXin and Kaiyun, who employ more than 50 people at a dormitory in Suan Luang and Hua Mak areas, Bangkok, have sought a search warrant for the dormitory after discovering a number of Chinese and Malaysian nationals working on online gambling sites. It is responsible for maintaining order and maintaining the server system. Later, it was expanded and it was discovered that a number of other mobs were working at another dormitory in the area. The police then took some of the suspects into custody, which resulted in the discovery of a group of more than 56 Chinese people working as administrators of online gambling sites. Once the solicitation is completed, it will send the customer's ID and applicant to the admin officer who is responsible for opening the customer account and then opening the credit for the customer to play. Turnover of more than 100 million yuan. Sweeping expanded arrests of immigration traffickers. 3rd Army Corps of Engineers Six Myanmar nationals have been arrested on charges of fleeing the country without permission. It was learned that there were about 200-300 migrants waiting for the network to transport people to work in Bangkok and the metropolitan area. Three people were arrested as follows: Case 1 together with The Police Department of Prachuap Khiri Khan arrested a total of 20 suspects, including 2 escorts and 18 foreigners fleeing the city. Sangkhla Buri Destination A.Muang Samut Sakhon arrested at Tha Khun Kanchanaburi Province Case 3, together with The Prachuap Khiri Khan Police Department, arrested a total of 46 suspects, including 5 escorts and 41 aliens fleeing the city. T.Thachin, A.Muang Samut Sakhon arrested at Huay Sai A.Muang Prachuap Khiri Khan. 
Superintendent of Police, Security and Traffic Preparing for APEC 2022|Director of Security and Traffic Management In preparation for the APEC 2022 Leaders' Meeting, it is recommended to avoid the routes of the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center and nearby areas from November 16-19, 2022.  At 1:30 p.m. on Nov. 4, 2022, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Police, presided over the preparatory meeting. Security Steering Committee Traffic facilitation and immigration formalities to prepare for the APEC Leaders' Meeting and related meetings. During Thailand's hosting of the 2022 APEC Meeting, Gen. Damrongsak revealed that today's meeting was to prepare to monitor the situation in terms of news, action plans, itineraries, security of people, routes, residences. Setting up checkpoints, extraction points, managing public gatherings. Counterterrorism, detection of suspected objects The meeting acknowledged some of the changes from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and jointly considered the traffic officer regulations on traffic management during the APEC Leaders' Meeting and related meetings. The resolution of the meeting approved 1. Refrain from using the route (temporarily) Ratchadapisek Road In front of Queen Sirikit National Convention Center from Asoke Montri Junction - Rama 4 Intersection and Duangpitak Road Throughout the line 2. The 24-hour and "Queen Sirikit National Convention Center MRT Station" will be closed on November 16-19, 2022 as declared by the government as a special public holiday and the suspension of classes on that day (only in Bangkok, Nonthaburi and Samut Prakan areas). Refrain from using certain routes. Ploenchit Road (inbound side) from South Ploenchit Expressway - Ratchaprasong Intersection, Soi Ruamrudee (all the way), Wireless Road (inbound side) from Ploenchit Junction - Sarasin Intersection, Soi Tonson (throughout the line), Ratchadamri Road (arrival side) from Ratchaprasong Junction - Ratchadamri on November 16-19, 2022 from 18.00-06.00 the next day. Sq. and Bangkok have discussed together, requesting that the service of "Benjakitti Forest Park" be suspended from November 12 – 19, 2022 4. In consultation with the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand Designate a no-fly zone, especially unmanned aerial vehicles and aircraft that are not allowed to fly in Bangkok from November 16-21, 2022 (No fly zone). The Prime Minister and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan continued. The Deputy Prime Minister invited the Thai people to be a good host in welcoming the APEC 2022 attendees, assigning Sq. M. as the main agency to oversee safety and traffic. The Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters provides support. This has been directed to supervisors at all levels. Go to the random area to check the conduct of the staff. Publicize local people, security guards, vendors, public contractors, as well as bring information received at all levels. In order to provide maximum security for the meeting, we would like to publicize and understand the people in the area. For suspicious items, please call 191 and 1599 24 hours a day.
The police arrested the lottery gang, deceived the venture capitalists, lost hundreds of millions Ka Baan Khon Kaen|The police raided the Thip Kha Ban lottery gang in Khon Kaen, deceived the victims into investing in lottery tickets, claiming to know adults, got a special quota, yielded 1-5 baht each, but in the end, there was no real one, losing hundreds of millions. Command Lt. Col. Wiwat Chitsopapakul, 3rd Lt. Col., Lt. Col. Minister Panchu klang, 3rd Lt. Col., led the force to arrest Mr. Ratakorn Siwattanasirisakul, 30 years old, Ms. Rapeepan Smelly. 25-year-old and Ms. Ratchadaphon Tolap, 32 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 2320-22/2022 dated November 1, 2022, charged with conspiracy to commit fraud and conspiracy by two or more persons to commit money laundering offenses and money laundering offenses because of conspiracy. Caught in a village in the area. Ban Pet Subdistrict, Khon Kaen District 3, said that at the end of 2018, all the accused had jointly impersonated the victims as having close ties with senior military officers and were government lottery dealers in Loei and nearby areas. There are many lottery quotas, and then tricked the victims into investing by giving a return of 1-5 baht per installment. Last February, the victims wanted to invest the money in their own business. THEREFORE, HE ASKED FOR THE INVESTMENT FROM THE ACCUSED GROUP, BUT WAS DEFLECTED UNTIL HE CAME TO KNOW LATER THAT THE ACCUSED GROUP WAS NOT YIPU IN ANY WAY AND DID NOT HAVE THE LOTTERY QUOTA AS CLAIMED. It starts with the person in charge of persuasion. Build credibility, then deceive the victims into believing. Transfer money to an account at Mr. Rattanakorn, who prepared before transferring the money to the people in the movement. It examined the financial path of the accused. More than 1,900 million baht were found in circulation, the 3rd Army said in addition to seizing central items, bank account books, mobile phones, as well as seizing assets believed to have been obtained from wrongdoing, such as title deeds. Multiple vehicles worth more than 10 million baht Initially, two victims were found to have suffered damages totaling 126,811,999 baht. It is still in the process of being expanded. Initially, the investigation was completed. Both the accused refused, and therefore, they were sent to Kg.3 Bok.P. for further legal proceedings.
Police raided two foreign capitalist condos and seized more than 150 million in cash and property.|The police are ready. Police raid the luxury condos of Chinese capitalists at Banyan's first point. Tree Residence On the 33rd floor and 2nd floor, Mahanakorn Building, 59th floor, a number of drugs were found. Seizure of 19 million cash, luxury cars and more than 150 million at 3:00 p.m. on November 4, 2022, Pol. Maj. Gen. Pananchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Chief of Police, P.O.1 Lieutenant Colonel P.O. P. Piyawat, Deputy Chief of Staff, P.O.4 Lt. Col. Chaturapat Phiromkaew Deputy Chief of Staff 1 and Lt. Col. Danpri Kaewwehol, Deputy Chief of Staff 4 Lead the action force. B.C.S.C. M.P.S. B.C.S.M. The TAT and the Forensic Division searched the Banyan Tree Residence luxury condo belonging to a group of foreign capitalists. A number of drugs were found. Seizure of 19 million baht in cash Two Rolls Royce luxury cars, one Mercedes-Benz Maibach, wine, foreign spirits, 60 decks of paper cards and more, totaling 150 million baht, Pol. Maj. Gen. Pananchai said. In the middle of the night on Oct. 25, 31 luxury cars were found, and one of them was a red Rolls Royce. According to the investigation, the occupant was Wang Zhen Nan, 21, a Chinese national, who fled with a friend shortly before the officers arrived. When investigating escape routes On the afternoon of Oct. 26, he boarded a private plane at Phuket Airport bound for Singapore, where Mr. Wang Zhennan is the grandson of Mr. Tu Hao and also holds 1 Cambodian nationality. The company purchased 33 floors with 4 rooms for 120 million baht. Today, they searched the room and found two caregivers, Mr. Jami Sae Li, 24, and Ms. Natcha Saeyang, 25, a resident of the high-altitude area. Car Brand Rolls Royce Black License Number Sep 9 Saraburi 2. Mercedes Benz Black License Plate CAT 7 Bangkok 3. Passenger Car Rolls Royce Model Black Badge Cullinan Blue Registration Number R 8100 Bangkok (Red Tag) 4. Mercedes Benz Brown Registration Number 7 Bangkok 5. Passenger Car Toyota Wellfile Black Registration 5 กส 4841 Bangkok 6. 7. 15 packs of cigarettes in the safe were also found8. iPhone 11 Black 9. iPhone 7 10. Cash 19,088,000 Baht 11. Hermes Bracelet 1 Band 12. Hermes Watch 1 Watch 13. Gucci Ring 1 Ring 14. Gucci Bracelet 1 Band 15. Van Clive Bracelet 1 Band 16. Room No. 1188/105 17. Room No. 1188/106 18. Room No. 1188/107 19. 2 Hermes bags 20. 1 pair of Channel shoes 21. Expensive spirits and wines The maximum price is 100,000 baht per bottle. All items were withheld, with Wang Zhen Nan's lawyer overseeing the officers' operations at the second point to search the metropolitan building. Room 114/35-36, 59th Floor, Found 1. 10 pills 2. 3 mobile phones3. Paper Cards 60 decks4. Expensive liquor Many brands have 120 bottles, the most expensive. The price of 2 million bahtSPONSORED includes the value of the foreclosure at both points. The total amount is 150 million baht. They will also seize several important documents and mobile phones, which will be examined in detail to prove the acquisition and possession of these properties in any way linked to Jinling Pub. However, upon examining the financial trail, no source of large amounts of money and these valuable assets was found. It is certainly expected to be acquired illegally.
Catch an ungrateful man, kill an old father who impregnates him to a horrible death. Drunk claims, job fights|A 33-year-old man was arrested and charged with handcuffing his 74-year-old father before searching his pocket. He confessed to the crime because he was drunk and quarreled about farming, then fled to sell sticky rice with fried chicken, but did not survive, was arrested by Sub Yai Police Station on November 6, 2022 at 10.00 a.m. Lt. Col. Persak Chantarakantanon, Director of Sub Yai Police Station, along with the investigating officers and officers, were taken into custody. Mr. Chakkrit Kuldaeng, 33, accused of brutal and ungrateful murder, pleaded guilty to handcuffing his elderly father before beating him to death and fleeing as a grilled chicken sticky rice vendor. Before the incident, he had gone to drink and went in search of the deceased. The deceased was found in a farm hut, where he was handcuffed and beaten to the head with a handle, lying in a heap of blood. He then searched his pocket for cash and drove away to his mother. Before fleeing to Samut Sakhon province to be picked up by a fishing crew, but due to the strong winds, he could not go out on a fishing boat. Therefore, he invested 40,000 baht from the deceased to set up a stall selling sticky rice with grilled chicken and fried meat on the side of Rama 2 Road and was arrested by the police. Latest Today Sub Yai police had taken Mr. Chakkrit Kuldaeng to make a plan to make a confession, but the accused refused to make a plan and told the officer that he was remorseful for the crime. GRANDMOTHER PA KHANTHAWUT, 72 YEARS OLD, THE DECEASED'S WIFE, INSTEAD OF SPONSORED, LT. COL. PERSAK CHANTARAKANTANON, DIRECTOR OF THE SUB-YAI POLICE DEPARTMENT, COORDINATED WITH THE RELATIVES OF THE DECEASED TO COME TO THE Sub-yai police to identify the perpetrators and bring them to justice. Mr. Chakkrit Makhma Grandmother Pa Khanthawut, 72 years old, wife of the deceased, and a picture of Uncle Hiang instead of making a plan in front of Sub Yai Police Station, with about 10 relatives of the deceased came to see the request. The investigating officer, Sub Yai Police Station, therefore, took him to investigate and pointed out the central object in the assembly of confessions and then sent to the prosecution for murder and robbery, causing the death of people.
Raiding a New Zealand engineer's nest, he found a sub-arsenal, producing firearms and grenades.|P.O.8 and Phuket police raided the house of a New Zealand engineer. The 65-year-old was found to have manufactured a variety of contraband guns. After good citizens report clues The weapons were also sold online at 3 p.m. on Nov. 7, 2022, at House No. 114/79, Moo 1, Soi Behua. Kathu, Kathu, Phuket Lt. Gen. Surapong Thanomjit P.O.8 with Maj. Gen. Wanchai Deputy Chief Of Staff 8 Maj. Gen. Naphanwut Leamsanguan Chief Of Staff 8 Lt. Col. Thanet Sukchai, Ph.D., Ph.D., Phuket Province Lt. Col. Rungrit Rattanapakdee, Director, Kathu Police Department Provincial Police Region 8, Phuket Provincial Police Phuket Immigration Police and Kathu Police conducted a search warrant for the house. After investigating the possession of a large number of firearms and ammunition. According to the policy of the government entrusted to The POLICE is working to crack down on criminal organizations that commit crimes that affect people's well-being. It focuses on offences relating to firearms, explosives and ammunition. Inside the residence, Mr. GARETH A. DAVIES, 65, a New Zealand national, presented a search warrant to investigate illegal items from the discovery of 7 long guns (2 weapons of war, divided into AGA and M16), 19 handguns, 11 explosives and a large number of ammunition. He was detained for further investigation and charged with "unauthorized possession of firearms, explosives and ammunition." Send an investigator to Kathu Police Station The investigation revealed that Mr. GARETH A. DAVIES lived in Thailand. Mr. David has been unable to walk for more than 5 years due to a motorcycle accident as a child, causing his legs to be covered with iron. Currently, there are no friends or relatives in Thailand. He was admitted to Bangkok Hospital Phuket and will be picked up by ambulance at Pol. Lt. Gen. Surapong's residence. He said the spot where officers searched was not just a residential area, but a place to modify and manufacture various types of firearms. The accused has knowledge of the machine and has the ability to produce certain equipment that is a component of a firearm, which is a firearm that the registrar cannot issue a license to possess or possess. All intermediate items must be sent for verification and we would like to thank Phuket Police for their full support in carrying out the mission. We have news sources and good citizens in Phuket province who report clues, making it easier for us to work." Part of this is due to the fact that the accused is selling firearms online, coupled with good citizens giving clues, which is a very collaborative matter." P.O.C. 8 said.
Close job, raise a gang of fat and skinny monkeys, patrol safes all over Thailand, sweep 50 mb.|"Big Joke" goes south to close the case of a fat, skinny monkey gang. A team of 4 suspects was arrested after a burglary patrol and hacked safes across Thailand and swept over 50 million baht at 3 p.m. on Nov. 7, 2022 at Hat Yai Police Station. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, concluded the case of 4 fat and skinny monkeys after committing 22 cases of burglary and hacking of safes nationwide from 59-65 years, with damages totaling more than 50 million baht in cash and property. P.O.P.9, The investigation led to the arrest of both gangs on September 15 and October 7, and it took nearly a year to track them down. Songkhla province swept away more than 21 million baht in cash and valuables. The other case is at Sampeng Shop, Hat Yai. Songkhla province swept away about 6 million baht of property and another case in the area. He received more than 12 million baht in cash and property. More than half of them were found to have pierced safes, and almost always wore monkey hats to hide their faces and wore clothes similar to PPI uniforms, but died in shallow water from the burglary at a PTT Thung Nui gas station. After that, the police began investigating. Therefore, it took almost 1 year to expand the results until they were able to arrest a gang of 4 people. Mr. Vasant Tangthanapinyokul, 39, a resident of Betong District, Yala Province, and Mr. Somporn Putkwan, 44, a resident of La-ngu District. Mr. Kasem Sae-jiang, 49, a resident of Betong District, Yala Province, and Mr. Ruangsak Sengmuangpan, 41, a resident of Betong District, Yala Province. In addition, the police will expedite the investigation of the mob's financial route in order to provide evidence of wrongdoing and punish the culprits to the end, including those who may be involved and those who buy the robbers. The police were able to seize 5 pieces of jewelry, including the value of the property that can be traced back to the victims worth more than 2 million baht, and will expedite the police to urgently track down the unrecovered property. Songkhla province attended the briefing on the case and handed over some of the seized property to the victims, along with a bouquet of flowers, and thanked the Assistant Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police, the investigative police team and related units that were able to arrest the culprits and raise the gang and trace the property back. Create peace of mind and safety of life and property for the people.
Sing "Continue" Police officer drugged, assaulted wife Black bag over the head Mr. Child's Body|"Gun, the powerhouse". Take the wife of a police sergeant. Singing "Deputy to Sak" is haunted by her husband. Assault, attempted murder, black bag over his head, and 6-year-old son and threatening all kinds of things. Mr. Boy No one did anything on November 9, 2022, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Mr. Kanthasaw Pongpaiboonvej or Kan Chompower took Ms. Chick (pseudonym), who was the wife of a police sergeant who was physically assaulted, to file a complaint with Pol. Gen. Persak Sukvimol. Deputy Commissioner of The Royal Thai Police After being frequently assaulted, he attempted to kill by covering his head with a black bag and setting it on fire, using audio clips as evidence. The police commissioner, representing Mr. Kanthasw, said today that he had written a complaint to Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, because he came to me for help. The first day I found out I was going to kill myself, I went to live with my child by the river to jump in the water, and I contacted a team of lawyers. The team contacted me and asked him what had happened. For his part, he told me that he had been physically abused by her husband, who was still registered. He has been abusing drugs for so long that he has changed into a different person. A black bag was put over the body. Preparing alcohol to set fire to it was quite a shocking event. After the incident, the adults in the South were sent to therapy. After going to therapy, he became a police officer and moved to the North. Then the younger brother came up together for 8 days, was stomped, was attacked, went to report to the police. Not to report Tell me about my wife, and I'll be back soon. I FELT THAT I WAS GOING EVERYWHERE AND ALMOST DIED, SO I CAME TO THE SPONSORED'S AID, MR. KANTHASWA, AND SAID, "I BROUGHT YOU TO HAND OVER THE BOOK. Maj. Gen. Persak helped take care of what happened. He went to the office of the Deputy Chief of Police and spoke with Pol. Maj. Gen. Sarthachkhet Kruwattanaset. Head of Office He listened and said that every organization has good and bad people, but if you find a bad person, you have to remove it. Full assistance is welcomed. I listened and felt comfortable coming to the chief and he offered his help by calling the chiang mai commander. Asked what had happened, he also made an appointment with the Chiang Mai commander. I'll take you to talk about a lot of uncomfortable things. As for the superintendent who called him to tell him not to go on the show, don't go to the media. I don't understand, I want to ask you a question, you call like this. What do you need? His subordinates were involved in drugs. Why would you protect someone like this in the organization, Miss Chick (pseudonym) said, when he is scared, he likes to hurt his children and his wife. He's like a two-world person. When he's good, he'll be good, but when he's scared, his eyes will get in the way. He likes to hurt us very often when he hurts, the hardest is trying to kill by grabbing us in a black bag. I was asleep at the time. The second round of attempted murder also injured the child. By grabbing the baby and squeezing his head, we begged him not to do it, according to the audio clip. When he's burring, or he wants to sometimes feel like he's hallucinating, he used to set fire to it, and there's a gallon of petrol in the bedroom. The commander in the South took him to drug treatment for a month, and when he came out, he moved to his hometown in the North and brought us up. Rather, it is a means of avenger. He said he kept this grudge for the time he spent in drug rehab. I'm still using drugs, but my superiors don't know. He had been taking drugs for 7-8 years and Miss Chick (pseudonym) said that the director said it was a family affair, so he talked to each other first, and went up to complain twice, but the matter was quiet and there was a threat not to go to the media. He said that if he went to the media, his subordinates would surely be hit, now that his 6-year-old son has depression, speaks alone, like he has encountered a terrible situation. Sometimes we are seen sitting and crying. He'll come in for a hug, and he'll sing. We both regretted what happened together. We ran out of ways and invited each other to jump to death, but we got a lawyer and Mr. Gun Power to save it. I used to go to various agencies and no one reached out to help, so I sent a message to tell my team that I wouldn't be fighting anymore. No one wants to fight chick anymore. Chick wants to fight for justice for himself and his children. Before the team came to the rescue. My child's mental state has improved, but sometimes it's a little sad. If Chick sits and watches the clip, he will cover his ears with his hands and tell him not to open it. He still wants to divorce him and go up to get a divorce 2 times, but he escapes and refuses to divorce. He once said to himself that he was the Godfather of the North. He's a man. He's a kid, no one can do anything about him. He used to call and threaten not to mess with Mr. Gu again. He had previously complained to the Ministry of Justice. THE RESULT WAS THAT THE LAWYER DID NOT SPONSORED, "TODAY HE HURT CHICK. I don't know who else he is going to hurt. I don't want to talk about Nong Bua Lamphu case because it's similar, but Chick case he attacked family members, both children and wife, but Chick escaped. I want justice from the organization, and I want to prosecute him for hurting Chick and his children. I want him to get out of my life with my kids so I can start a new life where the two of us can be happier." Miss Chick (pseudonym) said.
The Supreme Court upheld the execution of the "pilgrims". In the case of the killing of The Director of Cane, relatives are satisfied that justice has been served.|Kantaralak Provincial Court Read the Supreme Court's verdict that sentenced the defendant to death for killing The Director of Cane, but amended to reduce the interest on the lack of support accordingly. The family was glad to receive justice, the reporter reported that at 10.00 a.m. on November 9, 2022, Mr. Boonlert Warm-young and Mrs. Laem Warm-young. Parents of Ms. Jutaporn Aun-on or Director of Cane, Director of The Division of Religious and Cultural Studies Sisaket Province, along with relatives Travel to Kantaralak Provincial Court, Sisaket Province, to hear the Supreme Court verdict in the case of Supachai Paso or the accused who killed Ms. Juthaphon. Ms. Jutaporn Aun-on or Director of Cane, Director of The Division of Religious and Cultural Studies The police officer of Kantaralak district, Sisaket province, who has been missing since July 2017, his parents and her husband have reported the missing person to the investigating officer, Kantaralak Police Station. Police and relatives searched for the missing director until Oct. 23, 2017, when the skull was found. skeleton The hair, belt and watch of Director Cane in the forest near the border of the Emerald Triangle, Nam Yuen District, Ubon Ratchathani Province, turned into a complex murder case. The investigator then called. Mr. Supachai came to meet at the Police Department. On October 30, 2017, the investigators filed charges: 1. intentionally killing another person, 2. detaining another person. It causes the death of others. 3.Concealing, moving or destroying the corpse sponsored On March 14, 2019, the Court of First Instance sentenced him to death. Mr. Supachai Paso and the defendant paid the money to the co-plaintiff. Defendant appealed On September 1, 2020, the Court of Appeal upheld the trial court's decision to execute him. And today (November 9, 2022) is the final stage of the case that is famous throughout the country because the defendant has committed a brutal crime. Supachai Paso, a civil case that provides compensation to the co-plaintiffs whose father The defendant's mother, husband and daughter shall pay for the funeral expenses and necessary expenses. The cost of lack of support and lack of household labor for the joint plaintiff No. 1-4 increased from 2,376,000 baht to 3,510,000 baht with interest at 7.5% per annum. The Supreme Court revised the interest rate from 7.5% per annum to 5% per annum in accordance with the amended law. Standing by the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal, Mr. Prasitsak Foithong, chairman of the Kantaralak Provincial Lawyers' Council, said that he would like to thank all parties, including the investigators, prosecutors, prosecutors, and prosecutors. All parties involved in the investigation followed up with evidence, especially forensic science that allowed evidence against the defendant.
Teen Seng Police visit Nakhon Si Thammarat 60 cars seized in a row|The city director took his subordinates to educate the new traffic laws at Nakhon Si Thammarat Technical College. Before seizing 60 cars, the group was at risk of racing in a public way. Who doesn't change to the original pipe? On November 9, 2022, Lt. Col. Nattawut Thongthip, Director of the Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Department, along with relevant police officers and traffic police officers. Muang Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Station He traveled to Nakhon Si Thammarat Technical College and promoted the knowledge of the new traffic law "Increase the penalty for racing in the way" to students who are at risk of modifying motorcycles and organizing races on public roads. Lt. Col. Nattawut Thongthip, Deputy Traffic Director, Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Department, and Lt. Col. Ekwit Bornsiri, Deputy Traffic Director. Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Station spoke in front of the flagpole when lining up to respect the student's flag. Clarification of compliance with the Road Traffic Act (No. 13) including penalties to be received If there is an arrest by the authorities and the seizure of the car of the student who has been modified, especially those whose mufflers are too noisy to exceed the standards and the law, as well as the motorcycle of the student of Nakhon Si Thammarat Technical College. Parking inside the college and outside Approximately 2,000 SPONSORED vehicles, capable of seizing modified vehicles, pipe fittings. 60 cars were brought to the traffic center in Nakhon Si Thammarat city with the allegations of modification of the muffler condition and took preliminary measures, namely, said the driver when the driver voluntarily replaced the modified muffler and handed it over. Muang Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Station Carry out the destruction. The car owner can pick it up and return it. But the car needs to be repurposed first.
18 men killed 13 children on bail|Police are preparing to file additional charges against an 18-year-old boy for assaulting a 13-year-old child to death with "intentional manslaughter". After getting bail to pretend not to be sad from the case of Mr. Dom, 18 years old, who attacked a 13-year-old boy Fluk and died before being released on bail, he went to jail and lived a chill life, posting a video of him dancing in a tick-to-k, no remorse until relatives of the deceased asked for conscience and demanded that the police prosecute him #เด็ก18ฆ่าเด็ก13 fairly. TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (Nov. 9). Mr. Dom clarified that before the news that the wires had been used. The injury was untrue and claimed that what he saw was only a hose. In addition, the picture shows him sitting on the back of the flute to take him to the hospital. There was no strangulation of the younger brother while the bailiff was preparing to bring the perpetrator, Mr. Dom, back to the court and will continue to be detained at the prison. The police are also preparing to file additional charges, namely intentional homicide and will serve the sentence as a non-juvenile because he is 18 years old. Prepare to file additional charges against the perpetrators.sponsored
The Director-General rehearsed the measures of the Queen Sirikit Center security before the start of the APEC 2022 meeting.|The director of the department and the delegation attended the meeting. Check the security measures of APEC Meeting 2022 at Queen Sirikit Center. The response to flying drones that violate the no-fly zone was revealed to be more than 80% ready by 1:30 p.m. on Nov. 9, 2022, at the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Chief of Police, and a delegation of relevant agencies to review security measures at the APEC Leaders' Summit 2022 at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. The event is scheduled to take place from November 18-19, 2022, and there will also be a demonstration to detect suspicious objects around the meeting area, using police dogs to identify suspicious objects. With a remote-controlled explosives recovery robot to verify it. And monitor through the camera around the robot, then control the robot to perform a thorough X-ray examination. IF INSIDE THE SUSPECTED OBJECT IS A BOMB, THE ROBOT MOVES IT, PUTS THE SUSPECT OBJECT IN A SAFETY TANK, AND DESTROYS IT IN A SAFE PLACE. If a drone is detected flying into the meeting area, there will be an anti-drone vehicle or an unmanned aerial vehicle. There is a radar detector. If the radar sends a signal A camera equipped with a jammer system or signal cutting system will immediately fire a signal cut-off. Ready to push drones out of the area. In addition, a fast-moving unit has been set up to monitor and control drone commanders to inspect and seize drones in accordance with procedures, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said. More than 80% of the police are confident that the rest of the remediation and rehearsals will be 100% complete before the actual date, with nearly 30,000 police deployed, including 2,000 soldiers, to take care of safety and facilitate both traffic and security. In the past, there has been a rehearsal of the incident response plan, including proving suspicious objects. Explosives recovery Detect illegal drones as well as check weapons before entering the event. At the high ground, both uniformed and non-uniformed forces will be deployed, as well as the accommodation and travel routes of the leaders attending the meeting will be strictly guarded. Police have been monitoring the movements of various groups that are moving during this time, including those that may have caused violence, but have not been found at this time. The security forces were not reckless because they were closely monitoring and taking the lessons learned from the 2019 unrest to take away the lessons of security at the meeting. However, ask for the cooperation of the public, who may be affected by traffic. If there is no need, avoid using the surrounding routes where the meeting is held.
PTT raids Prachinburi, catches a zinc thatched crocodile farm Holds 160 medium items|Police Officers Raiding Prachinburi, catching a crocodile pond thatched with a galvanized fence until the police seized 1-3 meter crocodiles, 160 crocodiles, causing danger to the villagers. After the locals complained. Sent to provincial fisheries on November 9, 2022, Maj. Gen. Watcharin Pusit, PTTEP Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Arun Vajirasrisukanya, Deputy Chief of Staff, 2nd Lt. Col. Vinju Jamsai, 2nd Lt. Col., Lt. Col. Nattawat Suranath, 2nd Lt. Col. Prachinburi Provincial Fisheries Office officers arrested Mr. Somchok Kwankajornwong, 60, with 145 freshwater crocodiles and 15 saltwater crocodiles, totaling 160 animals, caught at a residence in Moo 21 area. T.Wang Tha Chang Kabin Buri district, Prachinburi province, has received complaints from local residents. T.Wang Tha Chang Kabinburi district, Prachinburi province, said Mr. Somchok had opened a crocodile pond without permission and without standards of supervision, fearing that it could come out and cause harm and trouble to the villagers. Therefore, the force was deployed to the inspection area. Before finding out that there were 2 crocodile ponds in existence, at the edge of the pond was only used zinc and old tiles to make a fence. Inside the pond, crocodiles of both freshwater and saltwater species are found. A thorough inspection revealed that the pond did not have a controlled aquaculture license, so all the crocodiles were seized as a central investigation. Mr. Somchok pleaded guilty to smuggling since 2010 by raising them for commercial purposes. Before being handed over to Wang Takhian Police Station for legal proceedings, a total of 160 crocodiles will initially be sent to prachinburi provincial fisheries office for further maintenance.
Arrested a Chinese man from the Thai Merchants Association wearing a card, carrying a military uniform, and having a police car lead the procession.|S.M. Chinese dragon man wearing ID card Rent a Thai Merchants Association building, make a luxury room, use 2 passports, claim to do business in Thailand. Military uniforms, police vehicles and Chinese and Thai flags with 6 guns were discovered at 3 p.m. on Nov. 9, 2022. Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief Of Staff The immigration police force executed a search warrant in Criminal Court No. 1228/2565 dated November 8, 2022, and searched the premises of BBD Building, Vibhavadi Rangsit Road, Samsen Nai Subdistrict, Phaya Thai District, Bangkok, after investigating that the premises were occupied by Chinese nationals wearing Thai ID cards at the scene of the incident, a 5-storey commercial building owned by the Thai Merchants Association under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King. The 5th floor is the office of the association's executives and the meeting room. Shao Xiaopo, 54, a Chinese national, was at the suspect's 5th floor office, which was decorated in a luxuriously decorated manner. However, as a result of the investigation, the accused gave a denial. Claiming that he did not have an ID card that was impersonating a Thai national, which he had suggested doing, but he did not. The building hasn't traveled in a long time. When asked by the police, he said he was traveling with a police car. Where did the supply come from? The accused only replied that his friend recommended that Pol. Maj. Gen. Panthana say that the accused claimed to be doing business in Thailand, so he joined the association 3-4 years ago, but did not have time to start a business. In addition, the search also found a uniform resembling a military uniform with a brooch with the name of the accused, including the car of the accused is a car with Thai and Chinese flags on both sides, similar to the embassy's car. As for the police car, it is probably a fake car. In addition, six firearms were found on display in the hallway, some of which were BB guns, police will prosecute on charges of making false statements and forging id cards. If found guilty of additional offences, charges will be filed at a later date.
Father of 18 children killed 13 Open reason not to attach EM bracelets |Police said. Physical examination of "Mr. Dom" 18 children, killing 13 children, no drugs found. guarantor Mr. Dom, 18, attacked a 13-year-old boy who died before being released on bail, and lived a chill life, posting a video of him dancing in a tick-to-k, no remorse, until relatives of the deceased asked for conscience and demanded that the police prosecute the case #เด็ก18ฆ่าเด็ก13 fairly. Trending on Twitter, which the family of Nong Fluk himself feared that he would not receive justice As already proposed, the news progressed on November 9, 2022. Huay Pong police have summoned him. Mr. Print The friend who piled up the perpetrator went to Mr. Fluk's house for further investigation as evidence in the preliminary prosecution. Mr. Print admitted that he actually went with Mr. Dom, but was not involved in the assault on the deceased. While police officers Report charges Mr. Dom More deliberately killed a person from the inquiry. Mrs. Anong Walaipan The bail officer of the Rayong Provincial Criminal Court said Mr. Dom had actually been granted bail. On November 5, 2022, Mr. Dom's relatives called to discuss bail. He was charged with assault and later released on bail. Using securities in the amount of 20,000 baht, em bracelets must be attached. ON NOVEMBER 10, 2022, THE REPORTER WENT TO THE HOUSE OF MR. DOME, WHO WAS THE PERPETRATOR, AND MET MR. DOME'S STEPMOTHER, REVEALING THAT HE DID NOT ASK TO INTERFERE, KNOWING THAT MR. DOME DID NOT HAVE A JOB. I didn't finish school. I lived with my dad in this house, but I wasn't at home. My dad worked. He was released on bail on November 7, 2022. Mr. Dom came in to take a shower and left. Mr Dom's cousin, who lives in the same house, said he knew from Mr Dom that there was an assault, but other details were unknown. Meanwhile, locals know that Mr. Dom is not working and has frequent affairs with other people. The atmosphere at Wat Huai Pong, where the ceremony takes place. It's a lonely silence. Mrs. Boonsong Chimmasui, 54, said she was saddened that her nephew had to leave prematurely. The family of the perpetrator did not attend the funeral. As for the case, ask for justice, to reclaim justice for the nephew as well. The funeral was held by relatives, but there was no money to hold the funeral. There will be a funeral service on November 10, 2022, a senior friend of the deceased and the poster who asked for justice for Mr. Fluk in the first place. He told reporters that after Fluk's death, he was "very happy". He posted on social media asking for justice for Fluk because the perpetrators had come forward with a challenge. Without any remorse, he also made threatening comments. He allegedly took personal information and posted it to the police. According to drug testing, Mr. Dom appears to have found no drugs. Mr. Dom's father also confirmed through the show that I had just heard from the audio clip. Why would our children say that, that they are not rich, that they work for ordinary contractors? He worked outside the area and had not spoken to his son, who was bailed out. After listening to what my child said, claiming to be selling drugs, selling weapons, I felt very sad. He also apologized to the deceased and his family after this, leaving it to comply with the law, which he accepted. 
P.C. called wife. Logistics company gives testimony to 3 handsome three-year-old women|The president called two executive wives. Logistics company to force 3 handsome girls to exchange debts and set up a team to solve the case It is wrong to say that according to the evidence, but the contract is against morality. Unenforceable from the case of Miss Min (pseudonym), 32 years old, a handsome woman, filed a request for justice with the Anti-Human Trafficking Division (POCOM). After being raped by a couple who owned a well-known logistics company in Chonburi province who were forced by their employers to live with their wives and have sex with 3 people or threesome in exchange for debt repayment. If they do not do so, they will be sued for 10 million. On November 11, 2022, at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Maj. Gen. Saruti, Sopha Subdistrict. The Chief of Army Staff said that after receiving the case, the Army An investigation committee has been set up, headed by Pol. Col. Surapong Chatsut, deputy chief of police, to investigate the matter. primary The victims were interrogated to inquire about the details of the case yesterday, but in order to be fair to both parties, they invited the two accused husbands and wives to meet with the investigating officer. He said that all the things that happened would be true and whether the accused would be prosecuted or not. Still can't tell. It all depends on the evidence. But since the case is sensitive and of interest to society, it needs to be done with prudence, which may take some time to complete, Saruti said. After reviewing the details of the contract. It is found to be a promise that is contrary to good morals. It cannot be enforced.
Restaurant Inspector No abnormalities were found. Big Joker Yan has a robbery.|Samut Prakan City Police Inspector Prasarn inspected the restaurant that was allegedly robbed. No gambling equipment or malfunctions were found. The post "Deputy Joker" yan has a robbery. Found false information report Preparing to prosecute the case From the news stream which was posted on the page Sai Mai Must Survive that on the night of November 9, 8 able-bodied men wielding guns raided a gambling house called Bon A-Ong. Located on Srinakarin Road. Before the attackers grabbed about 400,000 baht in front of the mats, they ran away, and there was a collision with the guards, which resulted in 1 person being injured and 1 person killed. As a result, the news remains a mystery as to whether or not the incident actually occurred at 2 p.m. on Nov. 11, 2022. Lieutenant Colonel Jindawat, Director of The Samut Prakan Police Department, coordinated the officers of the Forensic Division. Samut Prakan police went to a restaurant. Located on Soi Bang Ping. THE RESTAURANT WAS ALLUDED TO IN THE INCIDENT. Upon examination, it was found that the CCTV camera had been removed. Meanwhile, there was no gambling equipment found in the shop and any malfunctions took more than 1 hour. Before the officers returned, none of the police officers released any details of the incident. Mr Ao, the owner of the restaurant, said the night of the incident was almost midnight. While he was cooking in the kitchen behind the restaurant for customers, he heard a gunshot and found no casualties. It's not. It was later learned that the incident was a group of customers who had come to eat at the restaurant. There were shouts and gunshots threatening each other. Before dispersing, escape. Such groups themselves are unfamiliar. The CCTV cameras have been dismantled since the COVID-19 outbreak as the store is close to closure. Due to low customer reasons and confirming that the store is not open for gambling in any way, the reporter also reported that the Facebook page Sai Mai had to survive. #บิ๊กโจ๊ก Yan actually had a robbery in Pak Nam, Samut Prakan province!! Someone was injured but not killed. #พบ Director of False Information Report #เตรียมดําเนินคดีสําหรับความคืบหน้าจะรายงานให้ทราบต่อไป
The police officer in Ratchaburi made a plan to shoot the gunman. Claiming to have been shot in the face because of drunkenness.|Buriram City Police Detained Ratchaburi man for plotting to shoot Ek Wong Warinsilp, seriously injured in front of an entertainment venue. He claimed to have fired 4 shots at Mr. Sakrin Dinromram or 26-year-old villager. He was later identified by the name of Mr. Jirapong Rapeepornapa, 29, a villager. 5.5 km Ban Rai, Muang, Ratchaburi He fired five shots into the torso with a 9mm firearm and was seriously injured. The incident occurred around 2 a.m. on Nov. 15. Parking area of one of buriram entertainment venues later on Col. A. Siriwat Somkitsiri, director of buriram city police, has instructed Lt. Col. Panuwat Makmool. The Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) chased the culprit closely until last night. Provincial Investigation Police Region 7, together with the investigation of Ratchaburi Police Station, arrested Mr. Jirapong, the perpetrator, at the residence. ON NOVEMBER 16, 2022, THE INVESTIGATION TEAM OF BURIRAM POLICE BROUGHT MR. JIRAPONG. The accused went to make a plan to accompany the confession. Parking area in front of Tawan Daeng pub During the planning process, the accused had a smooth face. He did not answer the reporter's question about the true cause, but responded to a question from the police during the planning process that the reason was because they were in a pub and then came out to meet, so they used a gun in the car to shoot at the injured person without stopping, and did not know how many shots were fired because they were drunk, then drove away to Ratchaburi province with his girlfriend before being arrested. It took about 20 minutes for the police to come up with a plan, before being handed over to the investigators for further investigation. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Muang Buriram police said they initially expected to be upset while drinking in a pub, but met again in the parking lot and fired shots at the parties. He was initially charged with four counts of attempted murder, the Firearms Act, and carrying a gun in a public place without probable cause. Shooting in public Other charges must be investigated and the injured person's condition will be looked at again. As for the occupation of the perpetrator who came to Buriram. It's not clear what profession it is.
Petchburi police officers are accused of spying on a young pharmacy.|A large man goes crazy, grabs a knife and slashes the leg of a student of the Faculty of Pharmacy, Dang University, in serious condition, in front of St. Joseph's School, Phetchaburi province, claiming to be being secretly observed every day. After the incident, he fled to the corner of Nong Son. At 11.00 a.m. on November 16, 2022, Lt. Col. Natthanon Phetchara. The Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Phetchaburi Police Station, received a report that a person was seriously injured by a knife, so he took the force to investigate. The injured were taken to a rescue vehicle earlier in the day, transferred to an ambulance in front of St. Joseph's School. Mr. Supakit Wittawat, 26, a student of the Faculty of Pharmacy at a well-known university, was found at the scene next to Ban Hua Khoi Child Development Center. Moo 4 T.Nongson, A.Muang, Phetchaburi A large group of villagers and a pile of blood were found. Ms. Nattaya Tassana, a teacher at Danglao Children's Center, said that while she was doing activities with the students, she was still working with the students. Saw the injured running for help. He had a large knife wound on his leg, was bleeding profusely, and constantly cried out that someone was killing. He opened the door to enter the interior and provided initial assistance, then called the police and rescuers to provide further assistance. Nong Son Subdistrict Health Promoting Hospital, about 3 km from the scene of the accident, was known as Mr. Charin Nimong, 45 years old, who was injured by glass shards on his arms, torso and face. Mr. Charin said he was upset. The injured person took a camera to look at him every day for a long time. He then used a knife to break into the home of the injured Mr. Supakit and committed the crime. 
P.P.S. sells "buffalo" of the middle from the drug network for more than 390,000 baht|P.P.S. Region 3 organized 16 items of drug property auction at Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, all of which were live property such as buffaloes, totaling 390,100 baht on November 16, 2022. Organized a drug auction event by Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol. Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Command Mr. Krailert Daoruang The Director of the Drug Prevention and Suppression Office Region 3 presided over the auction along with P.O.S.P.3 officers, with people interested in participating in the auction at Nong Ya Khao Subdistrict, Sikhio District. For property sold at auction as property seized from drug cases. There are 16 buffalo items that can be sold at auction for a total of 390,100 baht. THE PROCEEDS FROM THE AUCTION WILL BE USED TO SUPPORT THE MISSION TO SOLVE THE DRUG PROBLEM. P.P.S.P.3 together with K.P.S.3 3rd Army Corps The siege operation arrested and seized the assets of Mr. Yongyuth's drug traffickers' network, along with 100 methamphetamine pills, two firearms and several ammunition, and seized assets worth more than 4 million baht. Consists of more than 100,000 baht in cash 1 house with land, 3 cars, 3 motorcycles, 9 gold-like objects, 16 buffaloes, many electrical appliances and furniture. In Sikhio district, Nakhon Ratchasima province, Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol The PSC secretary-general said the sale of drug property was a step in turning property seized from wrongdoing into money. This is due to the policy of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice, who has allowed drug authorities to use asset seizure measures as a tool to prevent and deter criminal offenses, to destroy the financial base or cut off the vitreous pipes of criminals. As a result, more auctions were held. For people who are interested in the auction of drug property of the OFFICE of the P.O.S., you can follow the information on the website www.oncb.go.th with information on the property to be sold, as well as the date, time and place where the public can participate in the auction.
The 8 consultants, led by "Srivarah-Manu" and his friends, 38.|File photo***Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, 8th Lt. Cmdr., advisor, who has knowledge, expertise and experience in various fields, led by Maj. Gen. Srivarah and his friends. No. 38 on November 17, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters The reporter reported that on November 9, 2022, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, has signed The Royal Thai Police Order No. 527/2565 on the appointment of an advisor to the Chief of Police. In order to enhance the overall performance of official duties of the Royal Thai Police, relying on the powers conferred by Mata 63 of the National Police Act B.E. 2565, a person with knowledge, ability, expertise and experience in various fields is appointed as an advisor to the National Police Commissioner. As follows:1. Maj. Gen. Srivarah Rangsi Brahmanakul 2. Maj. Gen. Manu Mekmok 3. 4. Maj. Gen. Montree Smiling 5. 6. Lt. Gen. Pitaya Sirirak 7. Maj. Gen. Chettha Komolvatana 8. Lt. Gen. Ampol Buarabporn, with the duty to provide advice on various aspects to the National Police Commander as assigned by the National Police Commander from now on. SPECIFY "SPONSORED
22,848 CCTV cameras controlled the APEC stage. Police officers threaten to cross the line - face jail|The Director-General has set up 22,848 CCTV systems, ensuring that all areas are covered by the security measures at the APEC 2022 meeting. Don't worry about the protesters blocking the meeting. The plan was prepared at 09.00 a.m. on November 17, 2022, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Deputy Chief of Staff/Deputy Director, Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic APEC 2022 Chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff climate and daily traffic and security action plans. Integrating all sectors, including more than 30 departments, Gen. Damrongsak said that the overall practice is ready for all sectors and is in order. Traffic is also well flown, as the government has declared it a public holiday. The company is closely monitoring the news situation both inside and outside Bangkok area in terms of security measures. 17,848 and regional parts in Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani and Samut Prakan provinces. Another 5,000 units, totaling 22,848, are sure to cover all areas for security purposes. If anyone commits an incident, it will be detected by camera immediately. In addition, spider web checkpoints have been set up across all routes, especially meeting places, leaders' accommodation, routes and landmarks, with more than 35,000 officers and state-of-the-art equipment and technology to be used for the mission. We would like to remind those who are going to rally and attend the rally that the assembly must be notified at least 24 hours in advance. To allow the authorities to take care of the assembly conveniently, and to use the place provided. It should not cause trouble to the public, public users or passers-by, nor should it hinder the operation of security personnel at APEC meetings. If there is a violation of the law, the authorities will take decisive action, which can be punishable by up to 6 months in prison.  The chief of staff also said that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister has instructed all supervisors to visit the area, take care of welfare, nourish morale, check the practice, and confirm the readiness of security and traffic to be in order. Enforce the law effectively On this day, there will be a continuous entry of economic zone leaders into Thailand. Directorate Monitor the situation closely. People are asked to cooperate with the authorities. Comply with the law and ask all units to work together to perform their duties in a consistent manner. Together, we will be a good host to welcome APEC leaders, and if there is any information, clues or irregularities, please call the Royal Thai Police at any time on 191 or 1599."
APEC mobs are prohibited from invading Queen Sirikit Center. The police mobilized to control the situation.|The spokesman reiterated that the mob must ask for permission to assemble, not affect the rights of others. Do not move to invade Queen Sirikit Center - Asoke Montri Intersection. If violated, it is necessary to tamper with the law and keep an eye on other areas on November 17, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Spokesperson for the Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic The APEC Leaders' Meeting (ORC) said in an overview that 63 groups and 13 coalitions organized a "What happening in Thailand?" event to send a letter to the leaders of the participating countries about the government's administration. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister Conceal the leaders of the countries by preparing to break through the barriers in front of the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center building. At the APEC 2022 leaders' meeting, the police urged those who will attend the rally to comply with the law. If a rally is to be held, the assembly must be notified. As for where to move to any location, prior notice is required and no gatherings to obstruct traffic, including declared as a controlled area, both the APEC Leaders' Meeting Place and the 19 places of residence. Report to the authorities so that the place to receive complaints will be arranged accordingly. THE PROTESTERS AT THE TOWN SQUARE AND ANNOUNCED THEIR MARCH TO ASOKE INTERSECTION ON NOVEMBER 18 CONFIRMED THAT THEY WOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO MOVE, AND THAT THEY WOULD KEEP AN EYE ON THE MOVEMENT IF IT WAS SPREAD TO OTHER AREAS. Confirm that the officers did not intercept, but only checked first to inquire about the intent and mission to travel. Check the equipment that will be used to attend the rally for the presence of hazardous materials. Illegal The spokesperson said the security of the leaders of the 13 economic zones will be held in Thailand and there will be a full meeting and an evening reception at the Navy Auditorium, saying that the police are fully prepared to perform their duties and can adjust according to the situation. Permission to enter the area is closed to public traffic in the area. Thonglor and Lumpini More than 50,000 people have registered so far. Those who have not yet applied for permission can register in the QR code system, which has been extended until November 19.
Maj. Gen. Roy checks the readiness of the Security News Center for the APEC 2022 meeting.|Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj The Deputy Chief of Police and the Security Information Center readiness team for the APEC 2022 meeting have not found any abnormalities or indications at 10:00 a.m. on November 17, 2022. Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj The Deputy Chief of Police accompanied the traveling party to attend the meeting and visited the readiness of the Situation Monitoring and News Operations Center. Supporting APEC 2022 Thailand Economic Zone Leaders' Meeting at Real Time Crime Center (RTCC), Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) with Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Lieutenant General and Lieutenant General Representatives of related units Attend the meeting, report on the latest situation. Roy said the centre has been used as a place to monitor security information such as arrest warrants, suspects, suspicious vehicles and routes that require technology to assist in the operation. According to the investigation of the news so far, there are no irregularities or indications that will affect this APEC meeting in any way.
Collect the groom's words. 4 baht gold at the cat's tail rapids Get into financial trouble.|The latest incident took just 45 minutes, with the groom preparing to attend the ceremony on November 22, and the bride was shocked that she did not think her boyfriend would be shocked at 10:16 a.m. on Nov. 17, 2022. The police officers were informed that there was a robbery at Thong Udomporn shop, Area 336 /6 Moo 1, Kaeng Hang Cat. Cat's Tail Chanthaburi province got 2 gold necklaces weighing 2 baht, now the police officers are in the process of pursuing the chase. Short hair, black and white polo shirt. Ms. Ratiporn Khamkaew, 30, a gold shop employee who was present at the incident, told the incident that the attacker had come to see Ladlau once in a good manner before the incident, came to buy gold, asked to see 2 baht of gold, pressed LINE, made a choice, then immediately ran away with two 2 baht gold necklaces. Mr. Watcharin Tigerkhai, 30 years old, initially questioned the culprit after the incident, drove to the scene to throw away the shirt used in the crime and went to pick up his wife and mother-in-law. Yesterday, he drove to buy liquor at the Chanthaburi border and was arrested and seized by the officers at Khao Kluea checkpoint, then paid a fine to the customs authorities and released until today to steal gold in Kaeng Hang Cat district. He will be arrested by the police, Major General Phadungsak Raksuk. Chanthaburi Provincial Police Commander with Police Lieutenant Colonel A.K. Sunthornvibhat Deputy Commander, Chanthaburi Provincial Police He arrived at the scene and complimented the police officers for being able to quickly arrest the perpetrator in less than an hour, and the wife of the perpetrator said that in the morning after dropping off the children together, they dispersed. I don't know that Ton's boyfriend has financial problems and has been involved in the gold robbery, and he plans to get married on Tuesday, November 22nd.
Cyber police break up Thai-Malaysian network 4 points seized 80 million e-cigarettes|"Big Continued" led "Cyber Police" to launch operation to break up major Thai-Malaysian networks, searching 4 points and seizing e-cigarettes worth more than 80 million baht. By smuggling e-cigarettes and refills via Thai mail from Tak Bai District, Narathiwat Province to At 3:00 p.m. on November 17, 2022, at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Headquarters (BOC). Pak Kret Nonthaburi Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, Mr. Thachchayanat Chiarthanatkanon Secretary to the Prime Minister's Office, Lt. Col. Prateep Charoenkalp Deputy Secretary-General Lt. Col. Anurag Jirajit of the Prime Minister's Secretariat, Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, Spokesperson of the NCPO, Mr. Jirawat Yusabai Acting Director of The Division of Tobacco Products Control Committee jointly announced the results of the operation "Breaking up the Thai-Malaysian Network" major 4 checkpoints. Nong Khae Post Office, a house in Nong Khae District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Post Center and Lak Si Post Office by seizing the central item as a liquid for refilling e-cigarettes. More than 253,000 items, 4,000 pieces of e-cigarette (pod) devices worth more than 80 million baht, sponsored Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak said that since the Office of the Consumer Protection Commission (OCC) received clues from the public. Smuggling of e-cigarettes and vape refills Therefore, in cooperation with the BOC, the company investigated and learned that there was a smuggling of large quantities of e-cigarettes and vape refills from abroad in order to advertise for sale through online channels. Facebook page "thisissaltsofficia" via website https://www.thisissalts.com/ and Instagram @ thisissalts_official using the method of transportation via Thai post, camouflage as a postal parcel, which is declared as another product from Tak Bai District, Narathiwat Province, sent to Nong Khae District, Saraburi Province. Mr. Santi Thanomsap, 23 years old, who came to pick up the parcel at Nong Khae Post Office, drove a Mitsubishi L200 pickup truck. Registration no. 4558 Saraburi came to pick up the parcel. Found a liquid for refilling e-cigarettes. There are 46 crates inside 150 boxes and 10 inside boxes, totaling approximately 64,000 pieces worth approximately 13,500,000 baht, according to the preliminary investigation. Mr. Santi admitted that he was hired by Ms. Mix to pick up the vaping liquid and deliver it to House No. 89/37 T.Nong Khai Nam Nong Khae, Saraburi Officers searched the house. A total of about 229 cartons or 160,000 pieces worth 37,000,000 baht were found. There is also information that there are also a number of e-cigarettes and vaping liquids that are camouflaged as postal parcels, which are declared as other products from Tak Bai District, Narathiwat Province, sent to Nong Khae District, Saraburi Province, but the parcel is at the Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Postal Center. To wait for the payment. The officers then went to the Ayutthaya Postal Center. to check. 20 cases of vaping liquid found 29,000 units 2.4,000 pieces of e-cigarette (pod) devices with a market value of approximately 7,500,000 baht In addition, a number of e-cigarette liquids were seized at laksi post offices with a total value of 80 million SPONSORED. Amended by the Consumer Protection Act (No. 4) B.E. 2562 (2019), Sections 29/9, 56/4 and The Consumer Protection Board Order No. 9/2015 dated 28 January 2015.
5 administrators of vip777.com Nearly 40 million were found in circulation.|Provincial Investigation Unit 2 joins the investigation team of The City Police Department of Chanthaburi Raided the gambling website administrator vip777.com and escaped from the neighbors. Found hiding in the middle of Chan town. Five suspects were found with nearly 40 million in circulation at 1:40 p.m. on Nov. 17, 2022. Inspector General (Investigation) P.W.2, has instructed the police force S.P.2 by Lt. Col. Uthen Sumal, Lt. Col. Panuwit. Diamond Tan Senate Committee on Investigation P.2 with Lt. Col. Patcharpisit Boonsingjai Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Suban Thongsaen Chanthaburi City Police Station together with the investigating police force arrested the smugglers who opened online gambling websites using the house no. 4/724 Moo 9, Soi Kheha 7, Tha Chang. A total of 5 offenders aged between 18-32 years old were detained, including 3 males and 2 females, along with 6 desktop computers, 10 computer screens, 1 notebook, 10 mobile phones, and 13 passbooks. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Muang Chanthaburi Police Station Therefore, the investigating police have been monitoring the behavior for more than 1 month until it is clear that the house has 2 floors with the upper floor having the behavior of online gambling, so he asked the search warrant of Chanthaburi Provincial Court No. 163/2565 dated November 15, 2022 to search and arrest. A group of 5 administrators were found sitting at a computer, with Mr. Philosophy Thaisopa, 32, one of the accused, claiming to be the one in charge of all of them. vip777.com Smugglers are open to people to gamble online. Football Baccarat with a turnover of nearly 40 million baht. Each person is paid 12,000-15,000 baht per month and has only been open for 2 months, crossing over from neighboring countries. After this, the authorities will investigate a large network that is known only to be based in neighboring countries. The accused allegedly arranged online gambling or made a trick to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in electronic gambling illegally. Chanthaburi City Police continue to prosecute the case, Lt. Col. Patcharpisit said, warning the public during the upcoming World Cup. The Royal Thai Police has strictly enforced the problem of crime and football betting in all forms, which will result in loss of property and causing criminal problems, which, if investigated or have clues, will be strictly enforced by the police officers either as a receiver or servant or a dealer, as well as a gambling player.
Sentenced to life imprisonment for killing "Nong Liu" on a sugarcane plantation for 8 years | Sa Kaeo Provincial Court sentenced to life imprisonment The defendant in the murder case "Nong Liu" The corpse was dumped in a sugarcane forest to disguise the case, becoming a relativeless corpse for 8 years and ready to pay 1.7 million baht to the parents of the deceased on November 16, 2022 at 09.30 a.m. at the Sa Kaeo Provincial Court. Muang District, Sa Kaeo Province The judge sat on the bench to read the verdict in the case filed by the Sa Kaeo Provincial Prosecutor. Mr. Jumpol Supapong or Director Tu, the former director of the school, is the defendant in the murder case. Miss Mayuri or Nong Liu He was only 18 years old at the time. M.6 went to work as a factory worker in Si Maha Phot district, Prachinburi province, and disappeared without a trace since November 2016. In May 2012, relatives called for help at the missing persons center. Mirror Foundation Follow up on information from relativeless corpses. He was found murdered and his body was dumped in the middle of a sugarcane forest. Tha Kwian Subdistrict, Watthana Nakhon District, Sa Kaeo Province After 8 years, the case was revived until the suspect could be arrested in Suphanburi province. He was charged with intentional homicide and the Sa Kaeo Provincial Court has scheduled a hearing today. Mrs. Sureewan Yodpanao, 56 years old, house in Moo 3, Khok Sung Subdistrict, Khok Sung District, Sa Kaeo Province The mother of the deceased and his family have requested the court to compel the defendant to pay compensation under Section 44/1 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. Mrs. Sureewan suffered damages and therefore asked the court to compel the defendant to pay compensation to the petitioner. It is the cost of funeral expenses and the cost of lack of support. Total compensation in the amount of 1,788,000 baht with interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum since May 13, 2012, which is the date on which the defendant committed the violation against the petitioner. Gun holsters, DNA test results and testimony of deceased friends Therefore, the defendant was sentenced to life imprisonment and the defendant was to pay compensation according to the petition in the amount of 1,700,000 baht. Before being taken into custody by the court police, she was taken into custody under the law. Yodpanao The mother of the deceased said that after the court's verdict, she was glad that her child had received justice. For mom, I'm happy and comfortable, I don't have to think about my back anymore. Next, I will make a charitable contribution to my child, to go to heaven to become a heavenly angel. Now that he is no longer worried, he can lie dead with his eyes closed, and tell his child through the picture, "I have now successfully sued the wrongdoer. I don't need to worry about it anymore. There's nothing more to go to heaven..."
Chuvit submitted the evidence to Deputy Sak. Gray Chinese Scholarship Exam - Reveals the Jet Source of "Hao Cabinet"|Chuvit brought information to the police to expand the investigation into the illegal Chinese capital of Mr. Du Hao, who flew away on a private jet, revealing that he bought the plane from a politician in Korat, found no pilot's list, and recorded the flight at 3:45 p.m. on Nov. 17, 2022, at the Police Bureau of Technology Crime Investigation (CBI). Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, came to wait to meet. Pol. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Police, to provide evidence about the Chinese gray capital group to Pol. Gen. Persak to be used as information to combat foreign capitalist groups who are doing illegal business in Thailand. Nearly 10 police officers from the Special Operations Command (commando) have been deployed to maintain order. Mr. Chuvit said he wanted to bring information to the police to expand the investigation into illegal Chinese capital that remained in the country. Because it is important, which will affect the country's economy. This is related to Mr. Du Hao. A Chinese capitalist who fled in the early morning hours of Oct. 26 on a private jet purchased from a politician in Korat, Nakhon Ratchasima province, but whose name was not found in flight records, was used to influence officials and politicians. Although private planes are normally parked at don mueang aviation companies and airports, they are parked at civil aviation training centers, which are restricted to members only. Next week, he will release the information of the culprits and their associates at the Ministry of Justice and the Criminal Court. Recoup the old karma he had done on the side. Pol. Gen. Persak said the police will continue to crack down on illegal foreign businesses by coordinating with Udomsuk Police to re-examine villages related to the arrest of earlier Chinese offenders to see if chinese groups are illegally staying or repeat illegal activities.
Kalasin police brutally injured The knot refuses to have sex with it.|Kalasin police and rescuers rushed to the rescue of a 39-year-old woman after being seriously attacked by her husband, who had high sexual desire, but his wife refused to sleep with him, so he was very angry and was detained for attempted murder on November 17, 2022. Phonthong Kalasin district, Kalasin province, where the accident occurred on the second floor. Police found Ms. Sarika Sangthong, 39 years old, a mercenary worker, lying on the couch breathing. There was blood on his face, wearing a T-shirt and a blue bag, so the rescue team rushed him to Kalasin Hospital. The officers found the perpetrator, known as Mr. Surasak Vichapol, 40, a villager. District 8, T. Nong phai He stood and waited to surrender, pleading guilty to assault. Ms. Saraka, who is Mr. Surasak's wife, testified that the reason for the attack was because she wanted to sleep with Ms. Sarika. His wife, who had been living together for about 7 years but had been living together for about 7 months, had a career riding riders, so they separated their rooms to sleep, but this morning felt a great sexual desire. He sneaked up and opened the door of his wife's room. Then he asked to sleep with him, but Ms. Sarika refused and there was a fight. Ms. Sarika remained silent. Shocked, he called the police to help. HE ADMITTED TO BEING THE ONE WHO ACTUALLY COMMITTED THE ASSAULT BECAUSE HE WANTED TO SLEEP WITH HIS WIFE AND WAS VERY SORRY, SO HE WAS READY TO ADMIT GUILT FOR THIS ACT. SPONSORED BY LT. COL. THEWARIT BURANARAK, DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE KALASIN CITY POLICE STATION, SAID AFTER THE OFFICERS HANDED HIM OVER. Miss Sarika went to Kalasin Hospital. Mr. Surasak, the accused, has come to apologize. Ms. Sarika is considered to be in serious condition. Doctors agreed that the brain had suffered a concussion, and so far he was unconscious. In addition, heavy symptoms were observed in the front teeth of Ms. Sarika, who had her teeth bent, had fallen out with strips of teeth, was considered to be serious, there may have been action, but the accused confessed only that she strangled.
Life imprisonment for killing "Liu" pays another 1.7 million baht|The court sentenced him to life imprisonment. "Director Tu", former director of a school in Suphanburi province After the killing of "Brother Liu" A factory girl dumps a corpse in a sugarcane forest in the area. For more than 8 years, he has paid compensation to relatives in the amount of 1.7 million baht. Liu's mother said she was glad to receive justice for the prison sentence. "Director Of The Life" After killing a factory girl On the morning of Nov. 17, reporters reported that on Nov. 16, the Sa Kaeo Provincial Court Muang Sa Kaeo The judge in the case filed by the public prosecutor of Sa Kaeo Province against Mr. Jumpol or Director Tu Supapong, former director of Ban Nong Sorawong School, Sriprachan District, Suphanburi province, is the defendant in the murder case. Miss Mayuri or Nong Liu Yodpanao, 18 years old, after the deceased finished. M.6 went to work as a factory worker in Si Maha Phot, Prachinburi province, and disappeared without a trace since November 2016. In May 2012, relatives appealed for help to the Mirror Foundation. And try to track down information from relativeless corpses. He was found murdered and dumped in the middle of a sugarcane forest. Tha Kwian Subdistrict, Watthana Nakhon District, Sa Kaeo Province After 8 years, the police revived the case and arrested the accused in Suphanburi province due to jealousy and brought charges under the law for intentionally killing others. Mrs. Sureewan Yodpanao, 56 years old, living at 64 Moo 3, Khok Sung Subdistrict, Khok Sung District, Sa Kaeo Province The deceased's mother and family Request the court to compel the defendant to pay compensation because the defendant's wrongdoing caused Mrs. Sureewan to suffer damages. The court asked the court to compel the defendant to indemnify the petitioner for funeral expenses and indemnity from the Ms. Mayuri, according to the law, including compensation in the amount of 1,788,000 baht with interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum since May 13, 2012, is the date on which the defendant violated the petitioner. Gather all the evidence and submit it to the Sa Kaeo Provincial Prosecutor. There was evidence of the gun used to commit the crime, a gun holster, DNA test results, and the testimony of the deceased's friend that it was clear that the defendant actually committed the crime. The court sentenced the defendant to life imprisonment and ordered the defendant to pay compensation in the amount of 1,700,000 baht. Yodpanao, 56, the mother of the deceased, said after the court's verdict he was very happy that he had received justice. Wrongdoers have been punished. Now, moms don't have to worry about each other anymore. After this, a charitable contribution will be made to the child.
A mother reports her daughter, 14, was molested by a female friend in a school bathroom.|Mother brings her 14-year-old daughter to Phatthalung Police Station After being raped by a girl friend for a male senior in a school bathroom. Yan wants justice, took the matter to the extreme, because the man had previously committed the crime, the reporter reported that late on November 17, 2022, Mrs. Daeng (pseudonym), 49 years old, a villager. After 14-year-old Nong A (pseudonym), a 2nd year high school student, was tricked into going to the school bathroom and raped by a senior, she became depressed and did not dare to tell her parents or teachers until she was teased by her friend that she had been subjected to indecent acts. Call the mother for help to pick her up and take her home. Otherwise, you might have one. The child wanted to commit suicide but did not tell the cause of the incident until the mother took her home, but the daughter liked to hide in the room, preferring to be alone, until the mother inquired about the incident and told about the incident. I hope to send my children to school and have a future, but I have to be treated like this, so I want to come out and demand justice for my daughter and the actions of the seniors in such schools. The victim, a 14-year-old girl, said the incident occurred on Thursday after the start of the first semester. The senior told her friend that she liked her but she refused, until the friend tried to convince her to change her mind, but she didn't like it. Three of her friends persuaded her to go to the bathroom behind the gymnasium. He later dragged her into the bathroom, where the boys were hiding. THE GIRL FRIEND HELD HER HAND IN TWO HANDS, THE OTHER PUT A BAG OVER HER HEAD SO SHE WOULDN'T SEE IT UNTIL SHE FINISHED HER WORK, WALKED OUT OF THE SCHOOL BATHROOM IN A DAREDEVIL'S WAY, HEART PALPITATIONS AND FEAR, SPONSORED THE 14-YEAR-OLD GIRL, THE VICTIM. A senior friend of the man who caused the incident said that if she told anyone about it, she would not be able to do so. The teacher would unfold the matter to embarrassment or kill him, he was very scared, so he did not dare to tell anyone. After a month of fighting with her 3 friends who dragged her to the rape senior, who told her story to the children in the classroom, she was embarrassed and stressed, so she called the mother for help, while Mrs. Black (pseudonym), 53, the aunt of the child who was abused, said she was shocked by the incident and did not think the matter was right with her granddaughter. My sister and myself will take the matter to the end of the incident and the school at the same time today, November 17, 2022. After the mother asked for help from a Phatthalung provincial reporter. Before bringing the case to the police. Lieutenant-Colonel Jarumon Atbutr Roiworn Phatthalung City Police Department to prosecute the case according to the law. Send the child for physical examination and coordinate with a multidisciplinary social worker. However, while the mother reported the case to the investigating officer. The director of the said school, together with the teacher, came to the hotel and talked to the child's mother to ask him not to take the matter and the school will pay for the damage caused, but the mother refused. The school negotiated with the parents to pay 50,000 baht in damages until the end of the story. My mother said she wouldn't let me take the matter to the end.
The 1st prize winner is preparing to go out on the stream. After his wife, a million dollars escaped with an adulterer.|Progress, young man won the 1st prize lottery, wife panting for millions, fled with adulterer, recently traveled to the show of the stream nodes. While the police Thawatburi Police Station Preparing to call for embezzlement from the case of Mr. Manich Pranee, 49, a villager of Kang Hung. Moo 5, T.Thawatburi, A.Thawatburi, Roi Et Province, together with relatives and 3 children, informed the investigating officer of Thawatchburi Police Station that Mrs. Angkanarat Distinmanee, 45 years old, who is a wife who has been living together for 26 years, has won the prize money that she won the 1st prize lottery on November 1, 2022, amounting to 6 million baht. Fleeing after a man or adulterous man with a bank account book of the Bank of Thailand Thawatch Din Daeng branch and having already withdrawn 2 million baht, which when the son learned about this that the mother cheated on the father, he called the mother until the wife could not close the phone, so he informed the police to ask for the account to be suspended, but was unsuccessful because the police said that the account was his wife's name and was not married. Therefore, they walked home and asked reporters to help them find their wives and their children, fearing being completely stripped of their bodies about this on November 18, 2022. The Inspector of Investigation, Thawatchburi Police Station, Roi Et province, has been following up on the progress in this matter from Mr. Manich, the husband of Mrs. Angkanarat or Dao Distinmani, and relatives. NOT STAYING AT HOME BECAUSE SHE TRAVELED TO BANGKOK TO MEET MRS. DAO'S RELATIVES AND SAID THAT SHE WANTS MRS. DAO TO COME BACK AND TALK TO EACH OTHER. I want to go, I want you to talk first, because now Mrs. Dao has taken all the money. Not a single penny left, both the husband account and the account itself took away. Mrs. Dao's brother was also ill. There needs to be someone to take care of, to get back to talking. The fate is real, I will tell the police, he said. As for whether or not it's embezzlement. Today, the police would like to invite the husband's side to investigate because yesterday he did not give any information. If the husband wants the police to investigate, he must inform the police to post a journal so that the investigation can continue.
Girlfriend fight A young man sets fire to an entire saloon, venting his vengeance, and being tricked into selling methamphetamine.|Yasothon, a young man, fights with his girlfriend, using thinners to pour around the saloon before setting fire to the entire car. Claiming revenge after being tricked by a woman into selling methamphetamine Police arrested him for pee and found purple urine at 4:00 a.m. on November 18, 2022. The Deputy Commissioner of Police of Yasothon City received a report that there was a car fire in Ban Bo community, Samran subdistrict, Mueang district, Yasothon province. Investigators from the Yasothon Police Department went to investigate the scene. Flames were found burning a Nissan sedan. Marsh, registration Kong 685 Yasothon, parked in front of the house, where the flames were burning so badly that it flooded the entire car within minutes before the fire truck arrived at the scene. The perpetrator, who is intoxicated, rants back and forth. Standing at the scene, the police officers took him into custody and questioned Sirichai. The firefighter, who was still intoxicated and ranting, said that before the incident, he had an argument with his girlfriend because he had been tricked by the woman into not telling the truth by tricking him into selling methamphetamine until he was arrested several times. He then sat in front of the house drinking before pouring the thinner he had prepared around. The woman's saloon was parked in front of the residence before setting fire to the car and damaging the entire house. Therefore, the police sent an investigator to continue the legal proceedings. His girlfriend's car had to wait for the victim to report again. However, Mr. Sirichai admitted to taking drugs before setting fire to 5 pills.
2 men in Kon city seized 4 kg of heroin worth nearly 2 million.|The Governor of Nakhon Si Thammarat, along with the police, and the military, jointly arrested 2 young men of Kon city for smuggling heroin in the area, seizing 4 kg of central items worth 2 million, confessing to receiving goods from Hat Yai, having done so several times at 12.00 p.m. on November 18, 2022 at The Sri Philosopher Meeting Room. 3rd floor, Nakhon Si Thammarat City Hall Mr. Apinan Phueakpong, Director of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, together with Mr. Sompong Makmani, Deputy Director, Maj. Gen. Somchai loyal to the family Chief of Staff, Dr. Nukul Damsuwan The 4th C.P.O.P.P.C. and his delegation attended a press conference on the work of the Administrative Division of Nakhon Si Thammarat District. Led by Mr. Suthep Kaewpradit Sheriff of Nakhon Si Thammarat The police have integrated with the Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Police and the 4th Police Department. Arrested. Mr. Kongkidaphop or Kong Olarnkit, 22 years old, a resident of Lan Saka, Nakhon Si Thammarat Mr. Nonthakrit or Pound Khamphin, 30 years old, a resident of Tha Sala district, Nakhon Si Thammarat province. Ready of the middle, heroin, the lion brand, stepped on the globe. 10 packages with a total weight of 3,930 grams worth more than 2 million baht. Both suspects pleaded guilty to receiving heroin. From a major merchant in Hat Yai area Songkhla province to distribute to customers in Nakhon Si Thammarat province, with a capitalist from Khanom district as a hired wan, having done so many times that he missed being arrested. THE POLICE WILL CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE THOSE INVOLVED, THE REPORTER SAID, FOR HEROIN. This drug has been quiet for 10 years and has recently become popular among adolescents because teenagers who use marijuana will start to use white powder or heroin to sprinkle with marijuana.
5 officers injured, 10 arrested by APEC mob for tactical rubber bullets|A spokesman for the MINISTRY said: Police need to enforce the law against protesters. People stop APEC 2022 for violating the law, causing chaos, and destroying government property. Assault on officers, summary of mob arrests, prosecution 10 Man Injured 5 Police At 10:30 a.m. on November 18, 2022, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesperson for the APEC 2022 Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic said, "On November 18, 2022, at approximately 8:50 a.m., a group of people stopped APEC 2022 at the town square, and about 350 protesters marched to the APEC meeting in violation of the terms and conditions. Police officers used audio devices to announce, negotiate and alert the protesters, and it appeared that the protesters did not consent, violated the law, and physically assaulted officers, throwing stones and objects, and damaging government pickup trucks. Assaults and fights were used against officers overseeing public gatherings. Samranrat Police Station has order no. 115/2565 dated 17 November 2022. Set the knot An order to march or move the assembly with a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both. The representatives were aware of the announcement, but the protesters refused to comply, so the police needed to use force to protect themselves and arrest the perpetrators. 10 people were killed in violation of the conditions and other criminal offences, and 5 police officers were injured. Using stones and sticks to beat, throwing objects at officers, and destroying government and police property. Implying intent to commit violence There was unrest among police officers who secured legal security in accordance with their authority, trying to avoid the use of force. Talk, understand all parties. If there is a need to use force, use as little force as possible, appropriate to the situation, in the case of the presence of rubber bullets of police officers, which is a device according to the announcement of the Police Department, the officers use the equipment to protect themselves from those who will attack the officers and to arrest the offenders in front of the fight, obstruction and assault the officers, all in accordance with the law, according to the tactics, to ensure order and in accordance with security measures, maintaining order. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, urged the police to follow the tactics and the law to ensure order and ask all police officers to perform their duties with safety.
6 small children are left alone. Poor parents can't take care of it.|Gun Power Team He helped 6 young children, poor parents couldn't feed their own children, and the accommodation was dirty. The child does not bathe, reveals that from now on, the child will have a better quality of life, study, send the mother to be neutered. The Ministry of Social Development and Human Security took 5 children into custody at 10.00 a.m. on November 18, 2022. He came to the rescue of a group of young children after being informed by the villagers that six young children had been left alone. There are no parents in the rented room on Soi Suksawat Soi 2, Chom Thong Subdistrict, Chom Thong District, Bangkok, found a 6-storey apartment on the 6th floor, found Mrs. Noi (pseudonym) aged 37 years, the mother of an unprofessional child with 6 children, 4 females, 2 males, ranging in age from 3 months to 10 years old. 8-year-old Knight will walk to Naknimit Temple to share rice with his 6 siblings, with Knight taking care of the youngest and sometimes taking the child to his grandmother, who has a rented room nearby, to take care of the little sponsored. The mother of all the children said that he did not have any occupation with his 6 children, while the father of the child worked at a factory in Minburi, a relative's factory. Sometimes I have to rely on my grandmother to take care of my children, I have to stay fasting because I don't have a penny. Young children don't have the money to buy milk. He used to use drugs. It has been discontinued for about 3 years. My husband is also addicted to drugs. He didn't want the authorities to take his child anywhere. We want to raise ourselves more because our children we love, we are afraid that others will not raise well, but in the future we still do not know how to raise them. I can't do it, because we've already made him born. Miss Kaew (pseudonym), 55, the child's grandmother, said she was the main force in caring for the six children. Because the mother and child are not working, we cannot bear the burden. My mother had a year-to-year child and didn't know what to do. Personally, I have a burden on my daughter who is in school. As for the safety of children who live alone. He left his neighbors to take care of it. I personally believe that the child's mother also had drug use, but found no symptoms. Besides when angry, he hit the ball, but never hit in front of him because he was afraid. Most of them would have to be told about it, so they had to bring the children to their homes because they were safer than the grandmothers of the six children, saying that they wanted to see the children's lives improved. There is an education, want the staff to help the child, but it is about whether the child's parents will allow it or not, which before the father of the child worked, he sent alimony 1-2 thousand baht a month. He used to raise 4 children and 2 others, his parents raised by himself, but he was fired from his job because he was late for work. So he moved to work with relatives in Minburi, Mr. Kanthasaw said, thanking the media brothers for sending the whole clip. When he learns of the matter, he coordinates with the Deputy Permanent Secretary to send an officer to take care of him immediately. He couldn't see a child alone like this. In the room, the child's father goes to work, leaving 3 children together. He noticed one child was wounded as he was playing with a knife. If left like this, it will be difficult to live, and the child is not in school either. Today, adults will look at education and well-being. After this, the quality of life will be improved, and he will pay for the sterilization of the child's mother. If left unchecked, fear of fate will fall on the child. TALKING TO THE CHILD, HE SAID THE CHILD HAD NOT BATHED FOR 10 DAYS, AND TODAY HE ALSO SAW THAT A SMALL CHILD HAD FALLEN FROM A STONE HORSE THAT LET THE CHILD TAKE CARE OF HIMSELF. He said he had been on the ground since last night to see if there was anything serious that needed urgent assistance. It was found that the room was locked, but according to the Child Protection Act, he could not do anything. So I had to come to the area this morning. The first thing to do is to raise because the parents do not have the skills to raise them, coupled with the issue of occupation and income instability. Most of them will take their income from grandmothers. At breakfast, Mr. Knight asked for breakfast from a nearby temple and found that the mother was in the room, but let the 7-year-old carry the child. The room is dirty. The stairs are steep and smelly. primary The 5 children have been taken into custody for cleanliness and will continue to take further steps.
Chanthaburi police collect 15 baht of gold at Wang Nam Nam after fleeing to Khmer and sneaking back to Thailand.|Thieves raid 15 baht gold On November 11, Chanthaburi police arrested him after fleeing to The Khmer Pond and returning to Thailand. At the permanent border checkpoint of Ban Pakkad, he was detained and handed over to sa kaeo police in the case of a robbery with a total weight of 15 baht at WangNamyen District At approximately 7 p.m. on Nov. 11, 2022, reporters reported. Lt. Col. Chanapat Sirilert, Ph.D. Wangyen police have been informed that a lone attacker has been attacked and ran around the property inside the Aurora Gold Diamond Mall. Located inside Big C Department Store. T.Wangnamyen Therefore, the officers and investigators immediately went to the scene of the accident. The villain got a big handful of gold. The perpetrator was a man wearing a black long-sleeved shirt. Gray pants, a hat to hide his face, and black shoes. After the incident, the investigating officers of Wang Nam Nam Police Station coordinated the investigation unit of the Police Department of Sa Kaeo Province and coordinated the police station in Sa Kaeo province. Set up a checkpoint to intercept the culprit, according to the sponsored video footage. Miss KACAKORN KHAMSARIKA A 29-year-old employee of The Gold Department Store said that the assailants entered the mall and climbed the counter of the store, taking a gun and hijacking another employee. Tell them to stop, then grab the gold in their pockets and immediately run off, which doesn't take long for the villains. The villain is wearing khaki pants. Long legs, turban. He did not see his face, a black backpack with an unknown gun size. The villain got 15 pieces of gold weighing 1 baht, divided into 12 gold necklaces and 3 gold bracelets. Capt. Touch Kaew Pimpa policeman WangNamyen police officer, who was sitting at two gold shops at the scene, said that after the employee complained that he had been robbed, he ran to see it. The villain, when he got the gold, ran outside the mall. Through the side door The culprit is the only culprit. Run through the parking lot of the mall and cross the 317 Sa Kaeo-Chanthaburi road to the opposite side to run into the alley next to Wang Nam Nam Pot, which is Soi Tan. The left and right sides can be linked to different areas by cctv cameras of radiator shops. The culprit was seen running into the alley with his mask open, and the house inside heard dogs barking and people ran out to see it until the latest at 11.00 am today (18 November 2022). Ban Pakkard Immigration He noticed the suspect under the arrest warrant and took control of the case and coordinated with the relevant authorities. Pol. Maj. Gen. Phadungsak Raksasuk Chanthaburi Provincial Police Commander He has come forward for a preliminary investigation into the investigation. The attacker, known as Mr. Channarong Chupak, 33, admitted to using the money to play online gambling, which he was addicted to online gambling. On the permanent border checkpoint side. Ban Pakkard Subdistrict Khlong Yai Pong Nam Nam District, in order to get into a fishing boat while crossing in, was caught by chanthaburi provincial detectives together with Chanthaburi police. THE GUN USED IN THE INCIDENT WAS HIDDEN AT A HOUSE IN THAP CHANG SUBDISTRICT, SOI DAO DISTRICT, CHANTHABURI PROVINCE, AND TODAY, THE SA KAEO PROVINCIAL DETECTIVE POLICE OFFICERS WILL TAKE THE PERPETRATOR TO TAKE THE GUN THAT CAUSED THE INCIDENT AT THE HOUSE IN SOI DAO DISTRICT AND TAKE HIM TO SA KAEO PROVINCE FOR FURTHER INVESTIGATION.
The police arrested the protesters tactically. Hurry up and get hurt.|The Spokesperson Police officers fired rubber bullets at protesters, arrested 25 people, burned police cars, and fired 1 media member. At 2:30 p.m. on Nov. 18, 2022, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Spokesperson for the Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic APEC Leaders' Meeting 2022 A summary of the situation of the APEC people's rally moved out of the Bangkok City Hall plaza towards the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. In a letter to world leaders at the APEC meeting, the protesters clashed with authorities, saying the protesters had initially violated the terms and conditions of the protests. But the protesters violated, throwing objects, damaging police pickup trucks, and fighting to obstruct officers. The officers then had to use force to arrest the perpetrators, and then the protesters did not stop, and arson was set on the police cars, making it necessary for the officers to use tactical equipment. In the incident, the authorities were able to control 25 offenders out of more than 300 people who attended the protest and were prosecuted under the Public Assembly Act, fighting against the authorities, arson, damaging government property, assault, offences under the Road Traffic Act and the Cleanliness Act. If found guilty, prosecution will be held, which still gives protesters the right to contact relatives and lawyers. THE DETENTION FACILITY COULD NOT BE DISCLOSED, A SPOKESMAN SAID, REFERRING TO MEDIA INJURIES CAUSED BY THE OFFICERS' PERFORMANCE. Although wearing the armband symbolizes that the police have a plan to ensure the safety of the media, namely media registration, wearing armbands, and establishing a safe area for the media. Assaults on the press The use of rubber bullets fired at protesters, as well as the use of smoke grenades, which are not in tactical equipment, will be examined as all facts cannot be concluded due to the recent incident, but insist on fairness and clarification to the public as soon as possible to clear up doubts. As for the number of injured, it is known that 1 protester was injured on the right eyebrow and 1 person by the media. Police are investigating further, a spokesman said, adding that Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, stressed the need for police to take control of the protesters. Focus on negotiations Avoid the use of force, but if the officer needs to protect himself or arrest the serious offender, take appropriate action and proportionate to the situation. In the event that the authorities intercepted the protesters even more than 8 kilometers away from the meeting venue, whether it was too early to intercept them, whether the movement or exit from the civic plaza was considered a violation of the requirements for the latest situation, the authorities were able to control the situation. The group retreated and settled back in the town square.
25 protesters in Rome visited I can't bail out today.|Rangsiman Rome visited 25 detained protesters The two-room Thung Police Department revealed that the lawyer was already present, but the bail application may not be completed in time because there is a process according to the procedure. About 100 people gathered in the rain under the Red Line, with some groups of people using colored sticks to beat the music and dancing in the rain. To the point of sarcasm, the police seized a pickup truck, registration Number 8223 Suphanburi, which was a mobile vehicle to amplify the noise around the protesters' pencil road. Then, there was a turnaround attacking the officers who had taken their friends. The police closed the gates of the hotel and stood in line. No one is allowed to enter the area, said Rangsiman Rome, a list MP, as the party's spokesperson. Visiting APEC 2022 protesters who were detained and talking to the police, he said that initially the police had not made any arrest records and there were 2 lawyers from the Lawyers for Human Rights Center here and discussed whether bail could be granted. He said he understood that crowd control police had been ordered to take action, but spoke honestly. People who have been abused can decide to sue them. No boss can protect you. At the time the person was prosecuted. Police assaults on civilians have already occurred. I WANT TO SEE THIS GOVERNMENT OPEN ITS EARS, LET THE PEOPLE SPEAK RATHER THAN SILENCE THEMSELVES, SO THAT THEY DON'T WANT THEMSELVES TO HEAR THE SPONSORED WHEN ASKED IF THERE WAS ANY MEDIA ASSAULT. Mr Rangsiman said the media was not part of the protesters. The media has been abused. The key question is, how can there be honest news reporting? If the conditions are no different from those of the protesters, the reporter asked if the matter would be brought to the council for discussion. Mr. Rangsiman replied that the channel of the House of Representatives There are three ways: one is the Law, Welfare and Committee Commissioners. P.P.C. in matters of abuse of authority Number two. The debate was used to refer the matter to the Cabinet (Cabinet), but it required the cooperation of several political parties, and the third was to set up a live Q&A thread, which he could not answer, as he had to talk to the party before reporters reported that the accused had been detained. Two-room field office The 25 cases are as follows: 1. Mrs. Worawan Sae-aung, 68 years old, 2. Mrs. Yupa Rittinaka, 64 years old, 3. Ms. Rungtiwarat. Phu Nok Peacock aged 49 years, 4.Mr. Pichai Lertjintawong aged 30 years, 5.Mr. Hanschiwin Kesarinhomwaal aged 22 years, 6.Mr. Asia Mahavirulhakorn aged 21 years, 7.Mr. Natchapol Pailin aged 21 years, 8.Mr. Chaowrit Yammil 21 years old, 9. Mr. Wittaya Chaikhamla 25 years old, 10. Mr. Pipu Meesri 21 years old, 11. Ms. Kanyanee Kwangthongdi 18 years old, 12. Mr. Baramee Chairat 55 years old, 13. Mr. Plathip Dammeesri 47 years old, 14. Mr. Waranyu Kongsathittham 28 years old, 15. Mr. Daodin Chaohinfa 60 years old (Monk), 16. Mr. Arati Sang-Ubon 49 years old, 17. Mr. Chatchai Thammo 42 years old, 18. Mr. Nattaphum Sathongor 23 years old, 19. Mr. Nattawut Uppa 40 years old, 20. 46 years old, 21. 31 years old, 22. Nayongaj Nonthasiri, 51 years old, 23. Mr. Paitoon Saroisad, 39 years old, 24. Khunkrai Boonkurd, 41 years old, 25. Mr. Opas Khampra, 28 years old.
Former retired teacher, 6 million lottery seller, leaning on customers are men and not women.|Former civil servant, retired teacher, 6 million lottery ticket seller, hard voice, customers are men and not women. I remember it because I was a cheerleader to buy it. I urge all parties to speak the truth. I don't want it to be a big deal from the case of Mr. Manich Pranee, 49, a villager of Kang Hung. Moo 5, Thawatchburi Subdistrict, Thawatchburi District, Roi Et Province, together with relatives and 3 children, met with the investigating officer of Thawatchburi Police Station and told that Mrs. Angkanarat Distimanee, 45 years old, who is a wife who has been living together for 26 years, had won the prize money that she won in the 1st prize lottery on November 1, 2022, amounting to 6 million baht. Fleeing after a man or adulterous man with a bank account book of the Bank of Thailand Thawatch Din Daeng branch and having already withdrawn 2 million baht, which when the son learned about this that the mother cheated on the father, he called the mother until the wife could not close the phone, so he went to the police to ask for the account to be suspended, but was unsuccessful because the police said that the account was his wife's name and was not married. So they walked home and asked the reporter to help them find their wife and their children, fearing being completely peeled off by the men. The show is hosted by a celebrity host. On November 18, 2022, the reporter contacted the lottery seller who won the 1st prize, a former retired teacher, aged 64, who now takes his family on a trip to Surin Province. He confirmed to reporters on the phone that the 1st prize of the government lottery ticket that he sold was remembered accurately because he was the one who cheered for this customer and this customer was a man, not a woman, and came alone, no one came with him. I don't remember if the number ending this 1st prize was 1 or 2 cards, but I remember that this customer bought it because he was cheering for it. Because I stood there looking for a long time, I told you to take it, it's like the 1st prize number in the previous installment. The number 6 to the number 9 was decided to buy and pay before walking alone, "How many more times can you confirm that the person who bought it is a man alone, not a woman?" But when I saw the news, I was surprised as well, which in this story I heard from relatives of this family, saying that they fled with an adulterer. Because the man who went with him was a new husband who was legally married, but the person who won the award loved this woman very much. Trying to do everything for women to see the good, even winning the 1st prize, transferring all the money to show love, wanting to be with yourself"This kind of thing, I think now that there is money, can we get back together, something like this, but I don't know if the facts are what I have heard. And in this case, I want everyone to come out and tell the truth. I don't want it to be a big deal," he added, adding that at some point in the show, the host was loud. Young Korrachai said that the kindness of illiterate people is very big brother. I really accept the image source: stream node list EP.1334 l 18 NOV65
A young girlfriend burns down a saloon. I can't go to jail for 1 year.|Mr. Sirichai Srisaikham, 38, who set fire to the house in Samran subdistrict, Mueang Yasothon district, claimed to have been tricked into selling methamphetamine until he was arrested, according to the latest news at 4:00 p.m. on November 18, 2022 at the Yasothon Police Station. Myself and my boyfriend quarreled over the land because Mr. Sirichai accused him and his relatives of cheating on the land. Mr. Sirichai spoke. Then Mr. Sirichai drove away, and in the morning someone called to say that the car was burned, so he knew the girlfriend of the person who burned the car. Sirichai claimed to have been tricked into selling methamphetamine, he said. Mr. Sirichai was jailed in 2016 and was acquitted for 2 years, which he only dated for 1 year. Therefore, it is not the person that Mr. Sirichai claims to have put him in jail, so he wants the reporter to report the facts here. However, Mr. Sirichai's habit is usually not to like violence. THE CHANGE IN BEHAVIOR IS LIKELY DUE TO DRUG ABUSE, AND THE INITIAL PROSECUTION OF THE ACCUSED WAS FILED. Mr. Sirichai accused of causing loss of property and drug use.
Lawyers expect arrested protesters to be released on bail today or before noon tomorrow.|Lawyers for Human Rights revealed that 25 protesters from APEC 2022 stopped and detained at Thung Song Police Station. He is expected to be released on bail tonight or as late as noon tomorrow, facing two charges. M.215, 216The case of APEC 2022 stopping people's protests that marched out of the town square. In front of Bangkok City Hall, headed to Queen Sirikit National Convention Center to present the world leaders at the APEC 2022 meeting, clashes with crowd control police officers resulted in 25 protesters being arrested and detained at Thung Song Song Police Station at 10:00 p.m. on November 18, 2022. Lawyers for Human Rights He said all 25 people could be released on bail tonight or as late as tomorrow before noon. In the end, the investigators will give clarification to the lawyers again and have not concluded how much bail is required. The charges charged are: M.215, Tell me to quit, not quit. M.216 2 Charges But if the police have evidence against any person, they will report it later by the state of mind of all 25 people, overall ok, but 1 out of 4 women who had dizziness while going up to the 4th floor for fingerprinting. Having exhaustion, like fainting, rescued and Dr. Tosaporn Serirak If you are granted bail, the center will inquire about the cause of our condition. how much The advocacy center will know who did what. It must be separated by case to determine which cases can be filed back, but another set of lawyers will act on their behalf.
2 Pattaya wants to pee marijuana but don't have money, secretly snatched 8 boats to go home with peace of mind.|2 Pattaya city thieves want to pee marijuana but don't have money, secretly snatched 8 boats, squirrel-tailed species, escaped and ran on motorcycles. On November 18, 2022, in the Pattaya Talk group, a Facebook user posted a picture of 2 teenagers with the message "Social warning, come and steal the storefront, let another friend start the car and wait. Nong Prue From talking to Ms. Patcharida Surapinit, 20, an employee of a marijuana shop, she told us that the incident happened on November 14 at about 8 p.m. Wearing kick boots, the two of them, dressed similarly, walked into the pharmacy next door. When they walked out, they talked in front of the pharmacy with the first teen walking separately on a motorcycle. The other person walked away and sneaked up next to the store. When he got the rhythm, he grabbed a thousand marijuana boats. Squirrel tail species There are 8 tables set up for sale to customers in front of the store. Worth about 1,000 baht, he quickly ran onto the motorcycle and fled. Cctv footage that could have captured the entire incident was later released. Report a grievance to the police. PATTAYA CITY POLICE TO CONTINUE THE LEGAL PROCESS.SPONSORED
Region 2 raids Panda Club, a pub in Pattaya, a source of chinese crowds.|Region 2 police raided Club Panda, a pub in Pattaya, where a group of Chinese people were arrested, and found 4 people with purple pee, "The It Burapha 1". Send a task force to defeat some - organize pattaya city. After the ongoing crime, reporters reported that at 1.30 a.m. on November 19, 2022, Maj. Gen. Nantawut Suwannarong Deputy Chief Of Staff 2 Acting On behalf of the Government Chonburi Police Department with Maj. Gen. Sahas Jaiyen, Deputy Chief of Staff, P.O.2 Lt. Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Pattaya City Police Officer and Mr. Suradej Latesan The Director of Law Enforcement, OFFICE of the PAO Region 2, has mobilized 491 special operations units, more than 50 police patrols, investigative units, and administrative departments to release the line to arrest illegal entertainment venues and set up crime prevention checkpoints of all forms for this operation. The police and the administrative department have dispersed the force to set up 3 checkpoints. North Pattaya Road, Central Pattaya and South Pattaya to search for illegal items. Meanwhile, another force has separated to inspect several entertainment venues in the Pattaya area. It was found that most operators cooperated to close on time as required by law, according to a policy meeting held the day before. Officers raided and searched Club Panda on Walking Street. According to an investigation of more than 200 Thai and Chinese tourists, 4 people were found with narcotic substances in the body, 3 Thais and 1 foreigner. Located outside the stationary zone, it was found that the service was open beyond the legal time limit. The police detained 2 shopkeepers and sent an investigator to the Pattaya City Police Station for further legal proceedings. Pol. Maj. Gen. Nantawut, Deputy Chief of Police P.O.2, said that with the unrest in pattaya city area. Violent cases have been ongoing since the Gang Rong case. Rama 2 A gunman shot a car before using a gun to slap a group of teenagers in a pool villa, injuring 5 people, shortly after a Chinese dragon gang cut off the fingers of a compatriot for ransom. Before Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, went to the area to investigate the connection with the Chinese gray capital group, until there was a massive purge of the Chinese dragon gang. Pol. Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisaranachai, Ph.D. 2, sees Pattaya as a consistently high-crime area. drug Service establishments, including foreign influential groups, were therefore appointed. Pol. Maj. Gen. Theerachai Chumphon 2nd Lieutenant With forces from Commando Burapha 491 and police special operations unit in Chonburi province, the Pattaya City Command Center was set up to carry out secret missions from central orders and to provide reinforcements to the police. Pattaya City Police in order to work closely together until the order is changed. However, for every weekend, The operatives will disperse, set up checkpoints for illegal items, and randomly conduct random checks. Social organizing focuses on arresting entertainment venues for violating and committing offenses that allow children under the age of 20, firearms and drugs to enter entertainment venues. If any operator is found to have committed a violation, they will be prosecuted according to the law strictly for the sake of social order during the APEC meeting in accordance with government policy and the Royal Thai Police.
Disperse apec mobs, follow tactics, show old pictures, shoot rubber bullets and injure people.|A spokesman for the police has followed apec mob dispersal tactics and has always tried to avoid the use of force. while Police chief regrets media hurts in clashes In the case of post leaders setting up 10 thousand heads, police officers fired rubber bullets and injured people. According to the investigation, it was found that the old photo was taken at 12.00 p.m. on November 19, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong As a spokesperson for the Joint Directorate for Security and Traffic at APEC 2022 Referring to the situation of protests during the APEC meeting and clashes with protesters on Pencil Street, He said that the police followed the procedures and tactics to disperse the protests as the protesters tried to move the procession out of the designated area. Instead, protesters used wire ropes to break down officers' barriers, as well as assaults and throwing objects at officers, which police have always tried to avoid using force. But the situation at that time was that the police needed to intervene tactically or in accordance with the incident in which it occurred. This does not depend on the order of use of the equipment or the duration of control of the situation, but rather on the danger of the situation at that time, such as the use of sticks to hit the officers, it is necessary to use equipment to suppress the incident, etc. The Royal Thai Police has assigned the NCPO to examine the evidence and traces of the wounds to see how they occurred. The police chief regretted that the media was injured in the performance of police duties on November 18 and did not want this to happen because there had always been guidelines for joint operation between the media and the authorities. Is it provocative or derogatory to the Royal Thai Police? If it is considered, it must be prosecuted according to the law and leave it to the public to use discretion in following the news.
1 gangster dies after opening fire until the soldiers who put pressure on the rebels on the high mountain to suggest|Southern bandits opened fire on the soldiers on the hill in the Irragha area. A.Will recommend Narathiwat province after several waves of gunfire before the mob retreated. 1 body found shot dead, 1 M-16 seized, and a history of violent assault at 08.00 on 19 November 2022. Col. Songdej Suknui Director of The Forest Task Force Col. Sathirapong Ajahan, commander of the scout troops in the southern border provinces, Col. Sittichai Bamrungkhet, joint commander of Narathiwat province, joined forces with 3 operations. Launch a pressure battle plan to chase down the militants. On the foothills of The House of Irragha 5.5 km Changpuak District After receiving a whistleblower report from a source, a number of armed forces moved to a meeting to plan the attack while the officers were dispersing through dense forests and rubber plantations of villagers over a distance of more than 500 meters. The assailants saw the officers' movements and opened fire on the officers, and the two sides opened fire in waves until 10:00 a.m. One of the suspects was found dead, later known as Mr. Hasan. Awae, 30 years old, domiciled Si Sakhon Narathiwat The officer's bullet in the torso perforated the entire body. Beside the corpse, officers found a firearm of war. M.16 1 gun with a number of ammunition and away from the body of the deceased. Officers found a temporary shed that the culprit had temporarily used lumber to build. Maj. Gen. Chalermporn Khum wrote. Narathiwat Police Chief Prabpal Memongkol Deputy Chief Of Staff 9 Acting Chief of Staff, Narathiwat Police Department, Maj. Gen. Dulyaman Yana Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Adul Nge, Deputy Chief of Staff Col. Supachai Songsang 49th Lt. Col. and Prosecutor Narathiwat province, along with explosives recovery and destruction kits, The Provincial Police Superintendent Narathiwat Police officers went up to investigate the scene and performed an autopsy on the body of the deceased and found that the mob was able to use their expertise to escape. The body of the deceased was taken to the hospital. To coordinate with relatives to pick up the body for a religious ceremony, a background check on Mr. Hasan was conducted. dead person It was found that the culprit was involved in the bombing and burning of 7-Eleven convenience store in Srisakhon. On Aug. 16, 2022, he participated in a bombing and repeatedly used firearms to shoot villagers for wild boars at Irmuse. M.9 Until the death of Mr. Mongkol Phetcharawong. Mr. Pradit Sarawan and Mr. Dam Thepchan were injured and the bombings were carried out. Mr. Chindanai Gold ore died Senator Abhisit Mudsakul was injured. The incident occurred on the same day on November 13, 2022.
Happy thieves meeting APEC, the locality is running low. Lak, a sour milk delivery man in Ayutthaya|A young wholesaler of curd in Ayutthaya is heartbroken. Last month's car was stolen by thieves in the middle of the night. Closed circuit capture The clues are there, but the local police can't tell them to check. Apec CCTV footage captured the culprit stealing a motorcycle in front of a curd distribution center. Along Ayutthaya-Sena Road, Moo 2, Nam Tao, Bangbal District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province The villain was a tall man, wearing a black T-shirt. He walked over to the parked motorcycle, then pushed the motorcycle away. The incident occurred at around 2.00 a.m. on November 17, 2022, when the reporter went to meet Mr. Chokanan Damkham, 26, an employee of the curd delivery center. The owner of the motorcycle is a black Yamaha NMAX motorcycle. Registration no. 1 Khath 7857, Bangkok, parked in front of the company, was stolen by the criminals, took him to the spot where the motorcycle was parked and revealed a closed circuit photo as sponsored information. I didn't see my motorcycle parked, I thought my friend was faking it. Therefore, he opened the CCTV camera and found that there was a criminal who came to steal the motorcycle, took away this motorcycle, bought it to explore the market and work, paid the last installment for 3 years, sent the last installment on November 10, 2022. This motorcycle is already going to be its own. Waiting for the transfer of the registration in his own name as 100% ownership, but came to be stolen by the villain on November 17, he was very sad, he did not know if he could get the car back. Along with a post on social media to help track down until recently, someone informed that this culprit was living at Sena has already given information to the police. Police said there were no officers to check because they were on a security mission during the APEC 2022 meeting hosted by Thailand.
"Chuvit", Lui, unfolding the gray Chinese capital. The cabinet is still in Thailand, secretly tucked into the wings of the influential people.|"Chuvit" unfolds Thai influencers hiding "Huo Cabinet", a gray Chinese mafia after disappearing silently. At 1:00 p.m. on November 19, 2022, at The Davis Sukhumvit 24 Thai House, Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, gave a press conference to open evidence about Mr. Tu Hao's private jet. Gray Chinese capitalist ready to open the unusual flight path of Mr. Tu Hao Mr. Chuvit He said Mr Du Hao had disappeared without a trace and no arrest warrant had been issued for his arrest. It is the biggest culprit among gray Chinese capitalists. According to his own data, it is believed that Mr. Tu Hao is still in Thailand. He is a mafia with billions in assets and holds the secrets of many influential politicians who bring money or assets derived from corruption to Mr. Tu Hao to launder money by investing in illegal businesses. If Mr. Du Hao is arrested. Such information may be disclosed and affect stakeholders at this time. MR. TU HAO'S NEPHEW, 21 YEARS OLD, HAD INFORMATION THAT HE HAD FLED. The jet was found parked at Sunny604, a restricted area that requires permission at the Civil Aviation Training Center, but was parked without a PPL license until October 29. The plane was parked in Hua Hin and Phuket, claiming that it was being repaired so that it would not be checked who allowed it to be parked in the restricted area. Mr. Chuvit also disclosed documents relating to some of Mr. Tuo's assets, such as Rolls-Royce and several properties totaling billions. He used to give it to a high-ranking police officer in the Royal Thai Police, but the matter was quiet because it involved people with power and influence. Therefore, he wants to make a statement to expedite the information to the authorities concerned if the police are still delayed. These assets may be manipulated elsewhere. This makes it difficult to verify, so next week will bring a bank account. All financial routes and related nominees will be disclosed, and next week they will submit evidence to Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiyavej. The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party and the Ministry of Justice to investigate the matter.
APEC 2022 Strikes Police use force to injure civilians|Rung Panusya and the guys came to encourage Anon along with a team of lawyers to come to Samranrat Police Station to report the wrongdoing until the police controlled the crowds at all levels that involved violence to disperse the protests. Many people were injured at 1:40 p.m. on Nov. 19, 2022, at Samranrat Police Station. About 30 people came to cheer. Mr. Anon Nampa and them accompanied by a lawyer to file a complaint. Crowd control officers of all levels who were involved in violence broke up APEC 2022 on Pencil Road, causing numerous injuries. On November 18, Ms. Panusya or Rung said she did not think there would be violence. There were people who were injured and blind, despite the good care of the police officers. During the meeting of foreign leaders to the APEC 2022 meeting, but in the eyes of the police, it was not looked at that way. I'm not sure what he thinks of us too much, which is a human rights issue. He was shocked and shocked by what had happened. People who have been shot to the point of blindness. I don't understand why crowd control police officers have to use so much emotion to perform their duties. There are clips and images that are clearly visible. HE BELIEVES THAT ALL POLICE OFFICERS ARE NOT HERE TO PROTEST, TO HIT PEOPLE, PERHAPS BY ORDER, BUT TO HAVE DISCRETION TO PREVENT SUCH INCIDENTS FROM HAPPENING AGAIN. Mr. Anon said today that APEC 2022 has sent a representative to blame the police. Accusations against the Police Commissioner Use force to attack protesters and the media. Many people were injured, especially by storm, who may have lost their eyes. However, it will prosecute everyone at the operational level up to the supervisor or other persons involved. There are both clips and images as evidence, and other victims are asked to take legal action. Are there concerns about the police helping each other? The police who helped were the bad cops who thought it wasn't supposed to be the case, and Dr. Tosaporn Serirak said he was visiting the storm and the injured came. At this time, he has not recovered, but the doctor who performed the treatment was informed that he had a torn eye muscle. The head of the eye is torn. The organs in the eyeball come out completely. The cleaner sewed it back in as before. Another suffered a fractured right eye socket, a broken tooth, a mouth wound, and several people were injured. The strongest storm was the lack of recognition of the light, which was considered serious injury, and three people lost their eyes, the reporter said. He said the authoritarian government did not have to amplify the violence at the APEC meeting, and that police officers used rubber bullets to chase them like crazy. The state uses violence as usual. Violate international agreements, political and civil rights. It confirmed that no protesters had destroyed the APEC meeting. They just want to hear the opinions of the protesters and call on the security forces. They who have been abused may be relatives. Friends, who are also human beings, all act on the orders of dictators. It cannot be turned into a bad person, believing that it will come back to stand with the people. In order to create the future, he asked to return to the side of the people after the notification of the grievances was completed. He said that after he had filed a complaint accusing Pol. Col. Thapol Ampaipipatkul, director of the Samranrat Police Department, of being the leader of the dissolution of the assembly. Today, he has been charged with an offence under section 157 of the Criminal Code and for assaulting another person causing serious injury. The other charges are based on evidence indicating how the offences were committed against the protesters. He prepared video evidence, which clearly showed police officers wearing crowd control suits. Physically assaulted a group of protesters and used firearms with rubber bullets fired at the protesters, causing serious injuries to Mr. Storm in the eye socket. Which may be difficult to see in coming to report the accusations to the director of the Samranrat Police Department and this time there is Maj. Gen. Nakharin Sukonthawit. He also revealed to himself that from now on, a team of investigators of BOK 6 will be set up to investigate the facts of the crimes committed by the director and them. At the worker level, if anyone is found guilty of an offence, they will also be charged. He believed that the investigation would not take long because there was clear evidence of wrongdoing, but now in the process of summoning witnesses and other evidence to support the case, today a total of 3 people injured in the protest have already been examined at the hospital, waiting for the results of medical certificates. In the video, it appears that a man dressed like a policeman wearing a crowd control suit is seen wearing a crowd control suit. Firearms were fired at protesters using rubber bullets. Now that they know who the commander is, they will gather evidence and send it to the police again.
Bang Saphan Noi A mentally ill man kills his mother in a rubber plantation.|A 25-year-old man with mental illness killed his mother in a rubber plantation house in Bang Saphan Noi. Investigators revealed that the assailant confessed alone that he had beaten his mother to death. He was sent for drug testing at 2:30 p.m. on November 19, 2022. The Inspector investigated. Bang Saphan Noi Police Station, Prachuap Khiri Khan province, received a report of a woman's body being found beaten to death inside a house in the middle of a rubber plantation, Soi Prapa, away from Phetkasem Road, Bangkok. District 3, T. Chang 1 Bang Saphan Noi is about 1 kilometer, so report to Lt. Col. Chairin Kaewsuwan, Director, Bang Saphan Noi Police Department Know and coordinate with the doctors of Bang Saphan Noi Hospital. Forensic police, rescuers lit the southern gate, and went to the scene of the accident, a one-story house with a tiled roof. Brick block barrier Located in a rubber plantation with an area of about 20 rai. Mrs. Daeng Suksawat, 63 years old, villager, Moo 3, Chang Rak Subdistrict. Bang Saphan Noi The condition of the corpse in the left hemisphere is swollen. He was lying on his side, his head over his right arm, wearing black trousers and a brown long-sleeved shirt. Near the corpse, a piece of firewood used for a fire about 50-100 cm long was found scattered throughout the area. Before the body was found, he came to the house after the incident with his wife and children. Mr. U.S. Suksawat, nicknamed Do, 25, his stepdaughter, lived with only 2 people at the time of the incident, and at about 11.30 a.m., himself, who had a house about 2 kilometers away from the house where the accident occurred, came to the house after the incident. I found Mr. U.S. or Mr. Doe sitting in front of his house crying and asking what it was. Mr. Doe informed him that he had killed his mother, so he went inside the residence and found his wife's body lying dead in the back of the house that was used as a kitchen. He called the police, who initially did not know what caused the son's attack on his mother, but from the observation of his stepson, it was similar to a psychiatric person. Speaking of ignorance, but repeatedly saying that he had attacked his mother, Lt. Col. Chairin Kaewsuwan, director of the Bang Saphan Noi Police Department, said he had initially arrested the perpetrators. As for the motives of the culprits, they cannot be interrogated because the villains will be blurry and crying all the time, confessing only that they have beaten their mother to death, may have quarreled, or taken drugs.
The body of a former chicken vendor was found in a freezer. My son smelled it. |A 58-year-old former fried chicken vendor in Phitsanulok was found dead in an unplugged chicken freezer. The condition has masking tape covering the mouth and wrapping it around the head. The son revealed that his mother was mentally ill and had to take medication, disappeared from her home for 4 days, leaving a letter to her father. The police have not ruled out the murder at 11.00 a.m. on November 19, 2022. The Police Department of Wat Church, Phitsanulok province, received a report that the body of the deceased was found in a freezer at Wat Pak Sa Pattana community. District 3, Wat Church, to check with Lieutenant-Colonel Wisut Luksaeng, Director of The Church Temple Capt. Warut Jimuk, 1st Lt. Col., Crime Scene Inspection Group, Forensic Center 6, Medical Officer, Wat Church Hospital, and Phitsanulok Rescue Team The Foundation found a one-story cement house. In front of the house, the body of the deceased was found to be a woman in a freezer that used to freeze chickens. Currently, the power is not plugged in. The size is about 1 meter long and 70 cm high. There is adhesive tape wrapped around the mouth and head. The police then asked rescuers to help bring the body out for autopsy to know the name of the deceased. Mrs. Chandira 58-year-old nicknamed "Chick" The corpse was wearing a black shirt. The suspect died at least 3 days ago, so the police asked rescuers to take the body to the doctor for a detailed autopsy again at the forensic department of Buddhachinraj Hospital. Mr. Akarapol Suwanpruek The 33-year-old son of the deceased learned that his mother had a psychiatric illness and needed regular medication and was being treated at Buddhachinraj Hospital. I used to sell fried chicken in the village, but when I got sick, I stayed at home and didn't do any work. He had a father and a breadwinner. Previously, the mother often liked to run away from home, disappeared frequently, but searched until she found Mr. Akarapol, who testified that on November 14, Mom and Dad had a fight, but it wasn't violent until Nov. 15 that mom disappeared from the house, leaving a letter to her father. The message reads: "I can't apologize for being a good wife. I have to let my husband use my debts to ask me to go to Bangkok, my husband will be comfortable. There is also the issue of the mother taking out an informal loan and being threatened by a loan gang to collect the debt, causing accumulated stress. Even this morning, as he was about to go to work, he smelled a rotten smell coming from the chicken freezer. When he opened it, he was shocked because he found his mother's body in a sluggish state. There is also masking tape covering the mouth and wrapping it around the head. At the moment, the family is not convinced that it was a suicide because the body found had masking tape covering the mouth and wrapping it around the head. We will have to wait for the results of another forensic examination. Mr. Teerayuth Suwanpruek The 57-year-old husband of the deceased said he admitted to having an argument with his wife, but his wife was not angry because he was still making food to eat normally. In addition, the wife is a psychiatric patient. He had overdosed on sleeping pills like he had deliberately committed suicide for a time, and he often ran away from home until today his son found his mother's body in a chicken freezer. Lieutenant-Colonel Wisut Luksaeng, Director of The Church Temple He said the investigative approach had focused on the case because it was not clear what exactly caused the death. There are still suspicions at various points, and nothing has been ruled out, either suicide itself or a camouflage murder. He also instructed the police officers in the case to carefully collect important evidence at the crime scene, including inviting family members to collect DNA for evidence and neighbors for further interrogation. Therefore, the police had to ask for time to work first to solve the case. The corpse, after being dissected at forensics, will be returned to relatives for further charitable service.
An old man stabbed a new man to death at a hospital. 2-year-old wife|The old husband invaded the temple at Roi Et, stabbed the yellow cloth after a good opportunity, the new husband returned to ordain in front of the fire for relatives, rushed to the hospital, but eventually died. He was arrested by Chaturpakpiman police and confessed to having been dating for more than 2 years on November 19, 2022 at 4:40 p.m. Deputy Inspector General of Investigation Chaturpakpiman received a report of an altercation involving a knife and injuring each other. Inside the funeral Inside Ban Na Ngam Temple District 5, Dong Klang Chaturpakpiman District, Roi Et Province After receiving the report, he went to investigate the scene and rescued Asok Chaturpakpiman to the scene beside the temple's town hall, where the funeral of the stabbed relatives was held. The villagers were in shock, so they inquired. The villagers told them that the attackers had attacked the funeral and stabbed them with knives. Mr. Kwanchai Saisuk, 33 years old, villager 5.5 km Dong Klang District At that time, Mr. Kwanchai was a fire-faced priest during a lasik leg ceremony after being stabbed. The villagers were taken to a relative's pickup truck. He was rushed to Chaturpakpiman Hospital but died at around 5.30 pm and was found stabbed under the left breast rail and right leg. Chaturpaktarapiman Police Station Police are tracking down the perpetrators until they can be arrested. Before the detention, he pointed out the hiding point of the pocket knife, about 10 cm long, which was used in the crime, before detaining him at Chaturpakpiman Police Station for further interrogation. Legal inquiry Mr. Amon Anarat The perpetrator said about 3 months ago He drove a taxi to Bangkok to raise money during COVID-19. He sent it to his wife and children, but he didn't know that his wife was secretly having an affair, which he later learned was his wife selling at the farm. He took the car into finance before fleeing with the adulterous man, who later learned that they had been secretly dating for more than 2 years, and had previously returned to the village, so he learned from the villagers about his wife's secret relationship. Angered, he decided to take action today. There's nothing to say to your ex-wife, because she's out of love. The relatives of the deceased had nothing to say. They used to eat together, they were close friends, they didn't think they were going to secretly get together with their wives, causing their families to break apart from the inquiry. The deceased's grandson said that at the time of the incident, he was taking his legs from being a novice in front of the fire on the pavilion. At that moment, the perpetrator came up to the pavilion, made a fuss, and then ran towards the deceased, as if to hurt. The deceased then got up and ran away from the pavilion to the side of the pavilion. The attacker then ran after him and stabbed the deceased twice with a pocket knife before running away. The deceased, knowing that he had been stabbed, ran back onto the pavilion. I ran up to the pavilion, then ran to the people around me to help. BEFORE THE PEOPLE IN THE AREA WERE TAKEN TO THE HOSPITAL OF CHATURPAKPIMAN, THE DECEASED'S GRANDSON. He also said that he wants to leave it to people who don't know what problems they've had before, but they shouldn't be doing this. Because this is in the temple, the person who was stabbed is also in the yellow cloth. Nayoung May then showed reporters the area where the attacker stabbed the deceased with a knife. The crime scene is on the side of the pavilion. There were still traces of blood dripping from the floor of the pavilion, and residents who were at the scene said they never thought that the attacker, Amon, would dare to kill the yellow-clothed Kanka at the funeral. Because earlier, Mr. Amon's ex-wife chose to go with the deceased. But Amon kept up with the harassment and the couple couldn't come to their own village. But today the deceased needed to attend the funeral of his grandmother, who was a relative, but Mr. Amon was very cruel to carry out the outrageous act.
Burmese man grabs knife and stabs Thai man Embroidered in the middle of the chest.|Police, Bang Lamung, Chonburi Hunting down a Burmese man The suspect stabbed a Thai man to death by fighting in a liquor ring before the tragic incident at around 00.30 am on November 20, 2022. Inside the worker's house, 33/115 Moo 8, Banglamung Bang Lamung, Chon Buri After receiving the notification, he reported it to his superiors, and together with the doctors of Bang Lamung Hospital and the Sawang Boriboon Foundation Pattaya Rescue Team went to investigate the scene. Located behind a convenience store Thung Grad branch. Check the worker's room page. The body of Mr. Nattapong Namkhot, 29 years old, was found in Nong Yai. Prasat District, Surin Province The body was lying on its back, wearing a black shirt and white jeans, with a stab wound with a knife in place above the right breast rail, a wound about 7-8 cm wide. Phongnarin Sripom The 57-year-old foreman said that since the evening, he had seen 6-7 workers, both Thai and Burmese, drinking alcohol. One of the deceased was in the group, but he didn't think about it until a worker ran up and informed him that the dead man had been stabbed lying in front of the room, so he rushed out to see it and called the police to investigate. It also called all employees out to inquire about the facts. The worker confirmed that he saw the deceased and Mr. M, a Burmese national, drinking together as the last couple before finding out that the stabbing occurred. There were several rounds of arguments and punches. Before the two of them could hug each other's necks, clear their minds and shake hands with each other. Seeing that they were both drunk, he asked to be separated and played snooker. After the market near the worker's residence, when I came back, I saw it. The deceased was stabbed to death by police. An inspection was conducted on the area where the drinking circle was set up. Away from where the deceased lay dead. About 20-30 meters away, no knife weapons were found. It is assumed that the culprit and the deceased probably had a problem in the liquor circle before the culprit committed the crime with a knife. The deceased was stabbed after being stabbed. However, he coordinated with the investigating officers to search the area for news and check the CCTV cameras to find the culprit who caused the incident. At the same time, closed-circuit images can capture Mr. M. Burmese While running away toward the grassy forest behind the worker's residence, police and rescuers. There is carpeting, walking into the grassy forest. Within a radius of more than 500 meters, however, there was no sign of this knifeman.
Young Roi Et informs his wife that the 1st prize money fled after believing the other party was not sincere.|Mr. Manich informed the police. Instead, take the 1st prize money and run away with someone else to get the money back. The latter cannot contact the female side. Mr. Manich Pranee, 49, along with his relatives and 3 children, informed the investigating officer of Thawatchburi Police Station that Mrs. Angkanarat Distimanee, 45, a wife who has been living together for 26 years, had won the 1st prize lottery on November 1, 2022, amounting to 6 million baht. Fleeing after the man with the bank account book of the Bank of Thailand Thawatch Din Daeng branch and was withdrawn 2 million baht, which when the son found out about this that the mother cheated on the father, he called the mother until the wife could not close the phone, so he went to the police to ask for the account to be suspended, but was unsuccessful because the police said that the account was the wife's name and did not have a marriage registration. YOUNG KORNCHAI, AS ALREADY PROPOSED, SPONSORED THE PROGRESS AT 13.00 ON NOVEMBER 19, 2022, LT. COL. SOMSAK KETPIBOON. Inspector Of Investigation, Thawatchburi Police Station Roi Et traveled to meet Mr. Manich Pranee, 49, a villager of Kang Hung, M.5. T.Thawatburi A.Thawatburi at 20 Moo 5, Ban Kang Hung In order to monitor the progress of the news that Mrs. Angkanarat Distimmani, 45 years old, who is a wife of 26 years, fled after a man or adulterous man with a bank account. The 1st prize lottery on November 1, 2022, in the remaining 5,930,000 baht in the account, which from talking to Mr. Manich Pranee, 49 years old, the victim confirmed that he wanted to report the case to the wife who fled with the man, who only knew Mr. Witthaya, did not know his last name, and wanted the police to bring the case and return the money. After several days of hesitation, I was sure that my wife was not sincere. Therefore, he decided to report the case after expressing his intention clearly to Lt. Col. Somsak Ketpiboon. The inspector investigated the Thawatchburi police station, so the victims were taken along with Mr. Pen Taethawat Mrs. Angkanarat's brother, who was involved in the deposit of money into Mrs. Angkanarat Distinmanee's account. After receiving the money at the lottery division, it was transferred to the wife's account, both of whom confirmed to the police that the incident had entered the wife's account. Because they don't have their own bank account, they can't write books. Even the wife claimed that the signature after the lottery was the wife's signature because she couldn't write the book, so she asked the wife to sign it instead and insisted that the money be transferred to her wife's account. It is not transferred in with affection, but only deposited in an account, which is now sure to be a scam. Therefore, they want the investigators to prosecute the case only to get the money back. After getting the money back, they will talk again, which they may withdraw. If the law can do it, for the sake of having been together, and after getting a refund. IF YOU DON'T HAVE A PLACE TO GO, YOU MAY BE ABLE TO SHELTER IN YOUR HOME SO THAT YOU CAN LIVE WITH YOUR CHILDREN HUMANELY, ESPECIALLY NOW THAT YOUR 11-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER IS IN GRADE 5, SHE MISSES HER MOTHER SO MUCH THAT SHE DOESN'T WANT TO CONTINUE HER STUDIES. Lt. Col. Somsak Ketpiboon The Inspector of Investigation, Thawatchburi Police Station, Roi Et province, said that when it is the need of the distressed person, he is ready to act according to the needs. The three relevant witnesses, namely the victim, along with Mr. Pen Taethawat, will be called for questioning. The wife's brother, who traveled together at the lottery, including Mr. Permsak Mukprom. The lottery vendor comes to the investigation to conclude the investigation, to conclude the case, and then a summons is issued. Mrs. Angkanarat and the person who caused the incident together. Come to investigate and prosecute for embezzlement of property And if they do not come to the summons, they will ask the court to issue a warrant for their arrest. If they come to see the investigating officer and agree, they can withdraw the grievance report. In order for the story to end well, it is best to come to the investigators to negotiate.
Ex-husband shoots wife Friends hurt 2, burned house, burned car, vod |A big girl who may be able to Roi Et province was shot dead by a gangster in her home. Two friends were shot and injured, burning a house, garage and pickup truck. The incident happened in the early morning and was not seen, but it was believed to be an ex-husband who had broken up.   At 02.00 a.m. on November 20, 2022, Lt. Col. Sombat Sriwong The Deputy Inspector General of Investigation may be able to receive reports of fires in people's homes. House No. 161 Moo 8 Ban Non Kham The police informed the district that they could go to Roi Et province, so they went to check with the fire truck. 3 vehicles and city rescue may be able to scene 1 Thai-style house, a garage and a barn. It took about an hour for firefighters to extinguish the fire. Inspecting the area where the house was found to have caught fire. In addition, the villagers rescued 3 people who were shot: 1. Mrs. Siriwan Kachmarik, 47 years old (deceased) 2. Ms. Apithin Warat, 33, a friend of the deceased 3. Send the hospital to the previous one. Mrs. Siriwan later died with two gunshot wounds to the hip and two shots to her right temple, according to a local inquiry. The perpetrator is thought to be the deceased's ex-husband, who had lived there previously. After the breakup The police will come to the area to check for more evidence and invite witnesses for interrogation while coordinating the investigation and forensic police to the area to gather evidence. Follow up with the perpetrators to continue the prosecution.
La Mac Tungchina 3 girls sleeping in the room, wife scolded, pulled a gun and shot his wife's head (video)|Tragedy in Nakhon Si Thammarat My wife followed her husband and refused to go home. I found 3 girls sleeping in my room, so I scolded them, pulled a gun and fired into the sky, chased me back, but my wife didn't return, and I turned on my mobile phone. In the end, he used a gun to pretend to be a slap, but the bullet pierced his wife's skull. Take the girl into the saloon and escape at 06.30 a.m. on November 20, 2022. Panchu S.W.A. (investigation) The City Police Department in Nakhon Si Thammarat province was informed that there was a fatal shooting on the road in front of a rented house. In Soi Pepe Moo 2, T. Pho Sadet The scene of the accident on the road in the alley in front of the rented room was found dead. Ms. Charanya or Fah Yothakul, 27, who was lying on her stomach, was wounded with a 9mm pistol in her left ear and a bullet buried in her skull. At the scene, two 9mm shell casings were found, so they were kept as evidence. The deceased's yellow-and-white Honda Scoopy was also found in one of the deceased's cars, and preliminary investigation revealed that the deceased was employed as a waitress and brewed alcohol at a restaurant in Nakhon Si Thammarat. The perpetrator is not anyone else, it is the husband of the deceased. Mr. Anon or Mac Suttikarn, 30 years old, nicknamed "Mac Tungchin", a big leg in the area. After shooting his wife to death, Mr. Anon or Mack was carrying a 9mm gun that was used to drive an unknown white Toyota Vios sedan, while Mr. Apithep or Tang Dankongrak, 30, a witness who was at the scene, owned the room and was friends with Mr. Anon. There was a quarrel with his wife, Miss Charanya, or Fah, who died. Mr. Anon had left his wife's house to stay with him for about a month before the incident, and he drove a sedan with 3 female friends to sleep in his room. Miss Charanya or Nong Fah The deceased rode in a car to search the room and there was a violent altercation, which Mr. Anon or Mack tried to chase. Ms. Charanya or Fah went home, but Ms. Charanya refused to go back and brought her mobile phone to live stream the argument with Mr. Anon. The husband stayed for a few minutes before Anon or Mack pulled out a 9mm firearm and fired one shot into the air. Ms. Charanya returned home, but the deceased refused to return, causing Mr. Anon to go straight in and slap him with a 9mm gun on his left ear. Miss Charanya 1 time until the gun hit her head. Miss Charanya fell to her death before Mr. Anon and his girl friend drove a Toyota Vios sedan. ESCAPE QUICKLY SPONSORED ON THE SIDE Police have collected evidence from both the deceased's Facebook mobile phone and CCTV footage in front of the apartment. Gather evidence to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Anon or Mack. Next for Mr. Anon or Mack Suttikarn The culprit is the real brother of Mr. Santi Suttikarn, 36, or "Baw Duan Thungchin", a former drug offender who was arrested by Nakhon Si Thammarat police. He died on 6 July 2022.
Police open World Cup betting center, threatening to arrest both dealers and players Heavy penalty to jail|"Big Den" Set up a football betting center during the World Cup to give "Big To" Responsible for pct center and boc. Monitor and monitor online gambling and publicize all communication channels and open the hotline 1441, 191, 1599 24 hours a day at 10.00 a.m. on November 20, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, police chief, discussed measures to combat illegal betting on football results. During the World Cup, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, concerned about gambling during the World Cup, asked the Royal Thai Police to investigate the arrests. In particular, children and youth who may be easily drunk and gambling is also one of the causes of other types of crimes by assigning Pol. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police in charge of anti-suppression work, to be responsible. The key measures are as follows: Units must intensify patrols by facility. Entertainment venues Hotel Food Shop Beverages, internet cafes, game stores, or any other place open for the World Cup. To prevent and investigate the arrest of predictions during live broadcasts, as well as to integrate with all sectors in the opening of whistleblowing channels for football betting, such as direct telephone calls to the unit office or various forms of communication that are easily accessible to PCT centers and the NCPO. Monitor and monitor online gambling, including gambling propaganda. If found, conduct an investigation, arrest, and if it is deemed that the website can be closed. Coordinate with relevant agencies as soon as possible. When an arrest is made, the investigation shall be extended to prosecute the perpetrators. supporter The capitalists behind it Both direct guesses and online gambling If the organizer of unauthorized gambling with a combined offense limit of 5,000,000 baht or more, or the provision of electronic gambling is a fundamental offense under Section 3 (9) of the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542, punishable by imprisonment from 1 year to 10 years or a fine of 20,000 baht to 200,000 baht or both. Schools, educate, campaign against all forms of gambling prevention measures. Create a sense of control for children. Youth to be easily accessed and drunk  He added that he has instructed the nationwide authorities to strictly enforce the law against those who gamble on football matches and bet on online predictions, as well as those who arrange to play. In addition, it has instructed all police officers not to get involved. Both as a player. Have an interest, interest or call for benefits, whether directly or indirectly. If violations are found, both criminal and disciplinary action will be taken, and the supervisor shall closely monitor the subordinates to inform the public that football betting is illegal. Offenders must be arrested, prosecuted, and paid for their future. No one is rich because of gambling. Parents are asked to help monitor their children. Not to be a victim of drunkenness from all forms of football betting, we invite Thai people to turn to sports creatively. Do not interfere with football betting to help stop the gambling cycle. 1441 or PCT Center 081-866-3000 or 191, 1599 24 hours a day.
A 2nd grader was tied up by a friend in the bathroom. Dreaming of becoming a soldier|2nd grade girl tied up by friend for 4th grade Abuse in the bathroom also dreamed of becoming a female soldier. Insist there is persecution in schools. The weaker ones were bullied until it was difficult to live, the mother said, claiming to be a relative of the director to negotiate to accept the school's compensation on November 20. Late on November 17, 2022, a 49-year-old woman brought her 14-year-old daughter, a 2nd grade student, to the police station in Phatthalung to prosecute the senior student. A 4th grader who committed sexual harassment and a group of female friends in the same class who helped to bind a senior student to sexually assault her. The incident occurred in a school bathroom in Phatthalung. At approximately 5:30 p.m. on September 23, 2022. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education has assigned Mr. Panthep Suwankhan Phatthalung Provincial Education et al. Traveling to the school where the incident occurred, it was found to be true and ready to take care of all parties. In the 2022 school year, where a 4th grade student had committed one previous sexual assault case, the police have no information and no report has been filed. The four accused will be informed of the allegations soon. On November 20, Lt. Col. Prasit Sanghapol, Deputy Director (Investigation) The 49-year-old mother, who claimed to be a relative of the school at the time of the incident, negotiated for him to surrender and receive the school's compensation. But he denied that the negotiations had run out and that he was not hoping to receive the relief, but was concerned about the safety of his life because the rubber plantation he had hired to slit was near the house of the school's director's relative. After the incident, no one came to the house. Only the administrative teachers came to him. There was a rant in a way that allowed him to stop abusing the male student who had committed the crime. AS FOR THE THREE GIRLS, THE GOVERNING TEACHER ADMITTED TO HAVING BEHAVED IN A DISORDERLY MANNER. The 2nd grader, who was sexually assaulted, said that although the incident was bad for him, it did not undermine his ambition to become a female soldier in order to protect the people. At the same time, he wants the school to take strong measures. There is more security for students within the school than ever before. "Because there are still some groups of students who like to bully inferior children. It makes it difficult for vulnerable students to stay."
P.P.S. Secretary "Hire 3 lakh, find a car to deliver 5 lakh methamphetamine pills".|Or is it real, Secretary-General? P.P.S. "Find a car carrying 500,000 methamphetamine pills. 10.00 a.m. on November 20, 2022 Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol, Secretary-General of the P.O.S., instructed Mr. Parin Mekanan, Director of the Narcotics Suppression Bureau, to investigate the case of a Facebook user who posted on a car search group stating that "Find a stall car carrying 500,000 methamphetamine pills to pick up at Warin Chamrap (Ubon Ratchathani province) and deliver it to Sungai Kolok (Narathiwat province) with a wage of 300,000 baht. If found to be involved in actual offences, it will expedite the process of expanding the arrest of the entire network. Retail As for hiring transport, it is a secret way. Posting like this is risky if it involves real drug trafficking. But of course, this matter must be urgently investigated. P.P.S. The Facebook user had deleted the post, but officials were aware of some of the information. If there is evidence, just an announcement or a post on Facebook without finding that anyone has participated in the offense, it is considered advertising or announcing to the general public to participate in drug-related offenses, i.e. transporting drugs, which is an offense of possession for commercial purposes, causing its spread among the public. Punishable by 5 years to life imprisonment and a fine of 500,000 baht to 5 million baht. The announcer or advertiser hired a car to transport methamphetamine. Shall be punished with one count of the penalty rate under Article 145 of the Narcotics Code and Section 145 of the Penal Code. 85.
She didn't believe the gun was fired at her sister. Unfolding brother-in-law's behavior "flirting-dating is not unique"|My wife didn't believe it. The brother-in-law claimed the gun fired at his sister. Admittedly, the couple quarreled frequently. Causes of adultery Unfold flirtatious brother-in-law Dating a unique girl The brother-in-law and sister did not break up as reported by Mr. Anon Suttikarn, 31, who was assaulted with a 9mm firearm. Ms. Charanya Yothakarn, 27, his wife, after she saw herself with a gig at a friend's room, livestreamed her husband's behavior until he was beaten to death and claimed that the gun hit him in the head. The incident occurred on the morning of November 20, 2022. Same Day (Nov 20) It was late in the evening. Reporters made their way to a house in the area. Pho Sadet The house of Ms. Charanya (the deceased) and met Ms. Areerat Yothakarn, 24, the sister of the deceased, said that he did not believe that Mr. Anon (the perpetrator) claimed that the gun hit his sister to death because he believed that if the gun actually went off without Mr. Anon's intention, he had to rush to help bring his sister to the hospital, or inform the police or rescue personnel to come to the rescue. Most of them come from an affair, in which the brother-in-law has a flirtatious disposition. It's not like I'm a girl." Deceased sister The deceased's sister said: The sister and brother-in-law have lived together for 12 years and have 2 children together. The sister had previously complained to him that her brother-in-law had changed her behavior and liked to go out at nightlife, even though she caught her brother-in-law secretly dating a new girl. In addition, the sister used to say to her brother-in-law's gig that he should stop the adultery behavior because the brother-in-law already has a wife, but the brother-in-law's gig has not stopped the behavior. The family believed that it was not the exact gunfire, but the intention to kill, so they asked the police to speed up the arrest of the brother-in-law. As for her sister's corpse, The autopsy is currently underway at Maharat Nakhon Si Thammarat Hospital. It is expected that the body will be removed from the hospital tomorrow to be used for a religious ceremony at Wat Pho Sadet. NEXT.SPONSORED
"The Teacher" A robber climbs into a room in the middle of the night. I want to have sex for $500.|"The Teacher" The thief climbs the ceiling and storms the room, "Ask for 500-plus something," but the young teacher pleaded until the weak-hearted thief let him go. Before going to warn the young teacher to lock the poem before going to bed every time because it is dangerous alone and do not move anywhere to bring money back at 02.00 on November 21 2022. Deputy Senator (Investigation) Thung Yai Police Department received a report of a criminal breaking into a rented house. In Moo 6, Tha Yang Subdistrict, Thung Yai District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, and received the property in cash amounting to 500 baht after receiving the notification, so he went to check with Lt. Col. Chaiyan Itthisaksakul. Deputy Inspector General of Motor Vehicle Patrol Dr. Somporn Charitngam and rescue officers of The Faith Unity Charity Foundation at the scene of the accident were several single-storey townhouses. Meet Ms. Sasithorn Detchakul, 29, a resident of Trang Province. A primary school teacher in the area. Khao Phanom, Krabi He said that while sleeping in his room in the middle of the night without locking the door, he heard an unusual rattling coming from the kitchen behind the house. So he got up and looked at the villain, who suddenly broke into the crowd, quickly approached, and covered his mouth with his hand. In order not to shout for help, he continued to resist and screamed at the house, hoping that the neighbor next door would hear to help, but to no avail. While fighting, I resisted. THE VILLAIN SAID TO HIM NOT TO DO ANYTHING, THEN SAID THAT HE ASKED FOR 500 BAHT, SO HE STARTED TO BE CONSCIOUS AND ISSUED A PLOY TO TELL THE VILLAIN THAT THERE WAS NO CASH WITH HIM, ASKED TO TRANSFER THROUGH THE APP FROM HIS MOBILE PHONE AND TOLD THE VILLAIN NOT TO REPORT THE CASE, SO THE VILLAIN DIED AND SUCCESSFULLY TRANSFERRED THE MONEY TO THE VILLAIN AT 02.30 AM. In addition The villain also told him not to move away, to get the money back, and then the villain quickly climbed the ceiling back out. The culprit was cut in the foot by a blemished aluminum sheet and wounded, and blood dripping from the bathroom floor was scattered, and then he called the police." Miss Sasithorn Ms. Sasithorn said that she had rented this house for 6 months because she saw that the rent was cheap, pleasant and quiet. from now on After the incident, he called to tell the school director that he would ask for 1 day of leave to move his belongings. After interrogation, he said: Miss Sasithorn (Victim) It is estimated that the culprit is probably someone who has a house next to each other, since before the incident, the victim turned off the lights in the room until it was completely dark, so that the face of the villain could not be seen, but recognized the tone and appearance of the villain. Police said the culprit likely climbed the ceiling from the first rented house that was not rented. He then followed the ceiling beams until he reached the crime scene, then rolled down toward the bathroom and approached the victim. Initially, the investigators coordinated to track down the suspect, according to the victim, who had already provided details for interrogation. If found suspicious, further legal procedures will be taken.
The widow wants to have a new wife. 7 baht gold raid, meat cutting board, claiming fans rush |Sa Kaeo police arrested a 27-year-old widow for allegedly using a gun to steal 7 baht of gold. After the old wife left. The women pressed on, not knowing where to make money, decided to win gold. The suspect is a male, using an unknown firearm. Mr. Boontan Phusatit or Siaad Owner of salalamduan market butcher, Ban Lao M2 Sala Lam Duan, Muang Sa Kaeo Sa Kaeo province got 7 baht of gold and fled. The incident occurred late on November 20, 2022. Maj. Gen. Nattapong Satyanurak Chief Of Staff, Sa Kaeo Province Command Pol. Col. Ekanan Hukaew, Director of The Sa Kaeo Police Department, and Lt. Col. Chaturapat Singhathit, Director of the Sa Kaeo Police Department, rushed to solve the case urgently because the suspects in the outrageous incident were able to arrest the perpetrators in the evening, namely Mr. Thisipong or Palm Sridan. The 27-year-old, a local worker, questioned Mr Palm's father, revealing that his son had a wife but his wife had run away with a new girlfriend. At present, the son has a new girlfriend, pressured by his girlfriend to dress until he cannot find a way out, so he goes to the crime to steal gold, where 7 baht of gold is buried in his parents' house. After the arrest The officers detained him and pointed out where the gold was buried, where the gold was still all for Mr. Thisipong Sridan. The accused, mostly with his mother, helped his mother sell grilled chicken salad at a pair of tamarind trees next to the Esso pump. The mother gave 300 baht a day to have 1 baby girl, which after being claimed that the cause of this incident was because she was rushed by her new boyfriend to get married. He couldn't make money, so he caused the 7 baht gold to be stolen. Lt. Col. Ekanan Hukaew, Director, Sa Kaeo City Police Department He said he took the accused to get his helmet. Firearms and motorcycles used in the crime, which are fully supplied. On November 21 at 09.00 a.m., Maj. Gen. Natthapong Satyanurak, commander of the Sa Kaeo Provincial Police, will announce the arrest and bring the accused to make a plan to make a confession. SPONSORED
Captured, Mack Tungchin shoots his wife dead He slapped the gun in the head.|Gathered, Mac, China. A gun hit his wife's head in the street. After coming to follow her husband, she found a girl in the room. My wife is very flirtatious. There is an older brother, a famous gunman, recently murdered by Extraordinary. Recently, he was found taking his girlfriend away to rent a sleeping resort in Krabi. Caught by the hunchback. He didn't intend to shoot, just slapped him, but the gun hit him in the head. From the murder The husband used a gun to attack his wife while throwing the gun at him. This caused his wife's death. The incident occurred in Soi Pepe. Along Karom Road Pho Sadet Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Si Thammarat District The deceased was Nong Fah or Ms. Charanya Yothakul or Fah, aged 27 years, and the perpetrator was Mr. Mack, also known as Mac Nakian or Mac Tungchin. Mr. Anon Suttikarn, 30, the husband of Ms. Charanya after the attack, fled with the girl, who is thought to be her new girlfriend, according to CCTV footage that became key evidence of the progressive authorities. At 10.00 a.m. on November 21, the police investigating the Krabi Police Department, led by Maj. Gen. Somsak Thongkleang, director of the Krabi Police Department, were arrested. The force cordoned off room No. 104 in a resort named Chanpailin Resort, Moo 2, Nong Talay Subdistrict, Muang Krabi District, after investigating and coordinating with the investigation team. Mr. Anon Suttikarn, 31 years old or Mac Thungchin. The suspect who shot his wife dead in Nakhon Si Thammarat fled and hid in the room. Police coordinate resort owners Bring a spare key to open into the room. The accused was found lying down with his girlfriend, who had fled together. He found himself lying on the TV watching the news. Checking the parking area, a white Toyota Vios sedan, license number 4 Frog 1303, Bangkok, was parked. Investigators found the 9mm firearm used in the attack, hidden under the console panel in front of the driver's steering wheel. Inside, there were shell casings of the gunshot wounds fired at his wife in the barrel, so they were kept as evidence. Maj. Gen. Somchai loyal to the family Chief Of Staff, Nakhon Si Thammarat Lt. Col. Nattawut Thongthip, Director of The City Police Department Come and pick you up. Initial Enquiry Mr. Anon confessed that he intended to slap his wife with a gun, but fired 1 shot at his wife before the incident, then pushed his wife's car down and walked in and slapped him. Admit that I miss my children and will continue to take care of them. The new girlfriend only recently learned that she was with her deceased wife. The police detained Mr. Anon along with his girlfriend, who will be kept as a witness. He was taken to Nakhon Si Thammarat police station for further investigation. Report a charge of negligent conduct. Causing others to be harmed to death. Possession of firearms and ammunition without authorization In the saloon section. Preliminary examination revealed that it was not Mr. Anon's car, but rather a car that the owner had pledged and used by Mr. Anon, which the police will re-examine Mr. Anon's behavior to see if it is related to the illegal car pawn business at the deceased's house in Soi Ton Wa. Ms. Charanya's relatives have prepared a waiting area for the body to be dissected at the Forensic Center of Maharat Nakhon Si Thammarat Hospital. Ms. Charanya's family is worried about Ms. Charanya's 10-year-old son, who was born to Mr. Anon. Ms. Charanya's mother, who separated from her father and returned to her former home in Ron Phiboon district, said she was saddened by the incident. sister Ms. Charanya revealed that for 12 years, her sister had been complaining about Mr. Anon's flirting. Lately, despite the quarrel, Mr. Anon has been circling back to his children, and has also been present. The crime scene was a friend's rented house. And the sisters knew that Mr. Anon had brought a new woman there. Therefore, it followed that something happened for Mr. Anon or Mack, the brother of Mr. Santi Suttikarn, or Duan Tungchin. A famous gunman who was recently murdered by a police officer. 
"Chuvit" wading into the offense "Hao Cabinet" filed A.Justice-DSI Financial Path Exam|"Chuvit" submits the information to K.Justice-DSI Check the financial path of Mr. "Tu Hao". Chinese capital groups with drug and money laundering issues, including assets above 10 billion baht He did not need a witness protection team on November 21, 2022. Come and hand over the gray Chinese capital information with Mr. Tu Hao as the main culprit to the Lieutenant Governor. Mr. Thanokrit Jitarirat, Secretary to the Minister of Justice, accompanied by officials from the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) to investigate various financial routes. The Minister of State by today has Maj. Gen. Yuttana Pradam The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation came down to pick up the case in person, which after receiving the case, will expedite the DSI to conduct an investigation with the police and would like to inform Mr. Chuvit that he can request a witness protection team because the matters that Mr. Chuvit has requested are all big cases, so he is concerned about the safety of SPONSORED. If there is altruism, it can be pointed out, because the assets of Mr. Du Hao are not just 1-2 hundred million. Mr. Chuvit added that if the DSI were involved in the investigation, it would help to make it more transparent, since Mr. Du Hao is the main culprit, and even being able to land a private jet at 604 Squadron must be extraordinary. The Chinese, who are innocent, are ready to support the deputy director-general of the Department of Special Investigation, who said they would expedite the investigation. Money laundering from drug cases. Offences under the Alien Business Act and offences relating to bidding with government offices will be investigated within 2 weeks.
Cyber Police Chief ordered the transfer of P Miner case to DSI as a special case.|The Cyber Directorate revealed that the police issued an order to transfer the case of P Miner scamming victims to invest in mining and trading cryptocurrencies to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) at 3.30 p.m. on November 21, 2022 at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI), Nonthaburi Province. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Disclosure of the progress of litigation against P. Myner Limited Partnership Cryptocurrency Group Co., Ltd., which has deceived several victims into investing in mining and trading cryptocurrency coins, said the lawsuit alleges that Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, has directed the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI) and related agencies to expedite the investigation. Amplify In addition to raising public awareness among the public not to be victims of fraudsters, the company has arrested 4 people involved and seized assets worth more than 232 million baht. B.S.C. More than 117 bank accounts of related parties have been frozen and 112 million baht have been seized. The case is a fundamental offense under the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542 (1999). Conducting a compilation of expressions for the investigation of such cases. Handed over to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) for further legal proceedings. However, we would like to remind people of various types of investment approaches that they should study and understand well before making an investment decision, consider the risks and credibility of entrepreneurs, do not be fooled simply because there is impersonation of famous people or the symbols of investment-related agencies, do not be fooled by investments that are easily accessible. Get high returns in no time, avoid transferring money to others to trade on your behalf, invest on your own, and contact a service provider licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). YOU SHOULD STUDY AND UNDERSTAND WHAT TO INVEST YOUR MONEY WITH EVERY TIME, ESPECIALLY ONLINE. Should have an understanding of the system How it works Or if there is knowledge and understanding Should study the smart contract code of the system More that there are still bugs And if the system has been audited by the audit service provider Should study the audit results To reduce investment risk And if choosing to invest online, should always follow the news of the investment company Because if a company is damaged due to the company itself or hacked the information system, it may affect investors. You should study the information of companies licensed to operate digital assets from reliable sources such as www.sec.or.th, which is the company's website. And if damages are suffered in similar cases, gather relevant evidence to file a grievance with the investigating officer for further legal proceedings.
The teacher handed over 4 students to the police. 4th Grade Rape M.2 in the bathroom|The teacher leads the pupils. 2nd and 4th grade Four of the accused came forward to surrender. School bathroom rape case The girl arrested a friend for sexually assaulting a senior, filed six criminal charges and added a charge of "procuring" The three victims' friends were taken to the hospital. Before investigating in front of a multidisciplinary team from the case late on November 17, 2022, a 49-year-old woman brought her 14-year-old daughter, a 2nd grade student, to report to the investigating officer, Muang Phatthalung Police Station, to prosecute the senior student. A 4th grader who committed sexual harassment and a group of female friends in the same class who helped to bind a senior student to harass her. The incident occurred in a school bathroom in Phatthalung district at approximately 5:30 p.m. on September 23, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. on November 21. Muang Phatthalung Police Station, who is the head of the working group in this case according to the order of Pol. Col. Surachet Ketkhao, Director of the Muang Phatthalung Police Department, the investigating officer informed the accused group of the accused of the offence(1). (M.278.83)(2) Jointly commit indecent acts against another person by threatening in any way with the use of lethal force, leaving others in a state of inviolability, or misleading others into believing that they are another person (M.286.83)(3), jointly committing indecent acts on children under 15 years of age, with or without their consent (M.283T.83)(4). (5) Jointly take a child under 15 years of age from a parent, guardian, or caregiver without reasonable cause for profit or for obscenity (M.319.83)SPONSORED(5) Jointly take a child under 15 years of age for obscenity, whether the child consents or not (M.283T.83)(6). The accused persons 2-4 are informed that "jointly procuring, luring, or taking away children up to 15 years of age by means of deception, threats, violence, abuse of power, or rape in any way to satisfy the libido of others (M.283, paragraph 3, M.83) and jointly taking a child under 15 years of age for obscenity (M.283 bis, paragraph 2, M.83)". The investigators took the four accused to the Phatthalung Juvenile and Family Court for the court to review the details of the allegations and sent them to the Phatthalung Juvenile Protection and Rehabilitation Center on the same day. Before bringing the accused group for interrogation, a multidisciplinary team participated in the interrogation. The 17-year-old, who arrived to surrender to investigators, had a tense expression on his face and did not speak to the younger female student. The 2nd grader, 14 years old, all 3 of them still had normal facial expressions that looked like they were unfazed by the incident, Lt. Col. Prasit Sinhapol, deputy chief of police (investigation). Muang Phatthalung Police Station The head of the working group in the case said that before taking the four accused to the Phatthalung Juvenile and Family Court, DNA and fingerprints will be collected to compare with the evidence collected by the Phatthalung provincial forensic officer from the crime scene. Further news will be reported.
The father used to buy things, before he followed, grabbing a knife and stabbing him in the neck.|The child got into a fight with his father, was used to buy a leaf from him, then grabbed a knife and stabbed him in the back of the house and stood waiting to surrender to the police at 6 p.m. on Nov. 21, 2022. Yodkwan, the investigating officer of Thalang Police Station, was informed by Center 191 that there was an incident of a child killing his father inside the house at 4/3 Moo 4, Srisoonthorn Subdistrict, Thalang District, Phuket Province, beside 7-11 Ban Bang Jo branch. Found a one-story house in front of the house with Mr. Anon Khammanochart, 26 years old, son. Stand by and surrender to the police. The officers then detained him. The body of the deceased was Mr. Uthai Thamnuchart, 51, lying dead on a bed in the back of the house. There were cuts to the neck and cuts to the face, according to the investigation. The deceased's brother-in-law, Mr. ฦjint Thaksin, testified that the deceased had a habit of getting along with no one. At the time of the incident, he did not see it, but he ran to tell him at home, so he ran to see it, so he told the perpetrator not to go anywhere. As for the reason for this quarrel. My father used me to buy leaves from him, and he said he didn't have any money. I said that when I went to ask for money, I was always insulted. So I pushed the baby, and I told him that when he ran, there were only 2 of them, and there were no outsiders. The house has been occupied by 2 fathers and sons all along, and then the forensic officer performed an autopsy on the deceased before taking the body, so that the forensic doctor could perform an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death. Mr. Anon, the perpetrator, the police officer. Thalang police detained him for further interrogation to determine the root cause.
"Big Joke" Chinese call center closes job, cuts finger for ransom of 37 million|"Big Joke" closes case of Chinese Dragon Gang Call Center, holding finger amputation for ransom of 37 million baht After doing business together and betraying him, he said he was prepared to issue an arrest warrant for "Van Hao" tomorrow at 5 p.m. on Nov. 21, 2022. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, accompanied by 2nd Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisaranachai, Ph.D. Maj. Gen. Nantawut Suwannarong Acting On behalf of the Government Chief Of Staff, Chonburi Province Pol. Maj. Gen. Theerachai Chumphon P.O.P.2 and Pol. Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Pattaya City Police Chief, jointly held a press conference to close the case of the Chinese dragon gang carrying compatriots. Cut your fingers with scissors before forcing them to swallow on your stomach. He then sent the clip to his girlfriend. The ransom was demanded by Maj. Gen. Surachet, who revealed that from the incident. Mr. Ren Haibo Chinese real estate businessman brutally imprisoned by "Chinese dragon gang" in luxury village, fenced and tortured He used a baseball bat to slash his entire body, and also used a knife to stab his hands and arms. First, forcing swallowing down the stomach. He then sent the clip to his girlfriend to demand a ransom of 37 million baht. The mobsters, drunk K, jumped off the 2nd floor to ask for help from the villagers after the incident, and sent a central investigation team working with the Provincial Police Region 2 to solve the case immediately until they could be arrested. Zhang Dilong, or Dadao, 30, and Zhang Wenjia, 25, two chinese gangsters, succeeded. In Bangkok, the charges were filed 1. jointly demanding ransom, 2. jointly restraining or detaining others. 3. Jointly assaulting the victim causing serious harm 4. Jointly burglary at nightSPONSORED by investigation. Police have learned that the injured people and the mob Because of the business sharing and being associated with the network of call center gangs located in neighboring countries, during the joint business, both sides have a conflict of interest. Make a visa revocation All chinese gangs, whether victims or perpetrators, are pushed out of the country and blacklisted for a ban on entry into Thailand. For these Chinese movements, the most popular visa application is to apply for visas in the form of students, as associations or foundations, by calling the Director of The Immigration Department, consisting of Phrae Immigration Department, Udon Thani Police Department, Chiang Mai Police Department, who are already involved in performing their duties at the S.E.P.T. for disciplinary action. By the Chinese president's crackdown. Xi Jinping, then the Cambodian side, was under heavy pressure from the Chinese government. Prime Minister Hun Sen arrested This caused these Chinese gangs to flee to Thailand. Thai police are now working hard to wipe these Chinese groups out of Thailand. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, also mentioned that in the case of Mr. Tu Hao, the police will ask the court to approve a warrant for Mr. Tu Hao tomorrow, but has not disclosed any details of the allegations as they are in the process of gathering evidence.
The young man lost. Mome doesn't pay, gets insulted and insults, draws a gun and shoots his rival.|The 23-year-old lost to a 43-year-old boy who refused to pay—was rude, pulled a gun and fired and fled the resort. The police successfully tracked down the suspect, interrogated him and confessed. Revealing the incident of pulling the trigger because he was insulted and insulted on November 21, 2022, Lt. Col. Sura Boonsaeng Investigators at Sawang Dandin Police Station received a report of a fatal shooting at a house in Moo 8, Bong Nuea Subdistrict, Sawang Dan Din District. Therefore, he went to check with Pol. Col. Payungsak Namwan, Deputy Chief of Police, Jong Sakon Nakhon, and the rescue officers at the scene of the accident. Only blood streaks filled the area. The name of the person who was shot was Mr. Pornchai Khunkanha, 43, a resident of Sakon Nakhon province, who was taken to The Crown Prince Sawang Dandin Hospital and died while being transported to The Hospital. The perpetrator, known as Mr. Wayu Wrotekham, 23, a resident of Sakon Nakhon province, fled after investigating witnesses who testified that before the incident, the deceased and the perpetrator were playing snooker. The perpetrator could not fight and refused to pay, so he was scolded by the deceased with profanity until he became angry, walked home and shot the deceased to death. Therefore, a fully armed force was deployed to blockade the resort to finally arrest him, along with 1 artificial Thai firearm used to commit the crime. Mr. Pornchai (the deceased) for being insulted and insulted by using a firearm to shoot at the right chest of the deceased. primary Police charged him with "intentionally killing another person, and carrying a firearm in a public place. unreasonable assembly" to continue the legal proceedings.sponsored
Collected A man catches a child sitting on his lap in the woods by the roadside. Just ask the way—brush off pedophilia.|Collected A man catches a child sitting on his lap in a grassy forest on the side of the road in Khon Kaen with more than 10,000 dollars in cash. The reason for the clip is just asking for directions. In the case of an employee of a private transport company. Posted a video warning after driving a motorcycle to help a boy. He was being pulled over by an unknown person and sat in his lap. Located at the roadside of Ban Nong Chik, Nong Waeng, Phra Yuen District, Khon Kaen province on November 19, 2022. Meanwhile, the boy's mother's side. Because such actions hurt the child's heart so much that he did not dare to go to school because he was afraid of his friends mocking. On November 21, 2022, reporters reported that police officers from the Khon Kaen Provincial Police Investigation Division, along with the Police Investigation Unit Region 4 and the Investigative Police, were arrested. The Police Commissioner has brought an arrest warrant to the Khon Kaen Provincial Court to detain Mr. Yutpong. Hong Kham or Ek, 45, a resident of Khon Kaen province, is charged with "indecent acts against a child under the age of 13 by using lethal force or by the child not being able to resist, taking a child under 15 years old for obscenity, and raping another person to commit no act. By causing fear of danger to life. physically, liberty, or by force until the rapist commits the act. not to do so, or to submit to it, and to take a child under the age of 15 from his parents or guardians", and to be detained at the roadside in the area. Nong Bua Subdistrict, Kosumpisai District, Mahasarakham Province with motorcycle at Mr. Ek drove by from motorcycle inspection. A total of more than 10,000 banknotes were found, according to the investigation. Mr. Ek testified that the money was obtained from the sale of goods and asked for villagers. As for the footage that appears, He just asked the way, not committing any child pornography. Initially, the police officers will take the case to the investigating officer, Phra Yuen Police Station, for a thorough interrogation again and send the case to the legal proceedings.
Mack Thungjeen, the city's superintendent, ordered ten guards to keep a close eye on the cell.|Maj. Gen. Somchai Sue to the family, Chief of Staff, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province Order the director, keep a close eye. After "Mac Tungjeen" was stressed and asked to smoke with the staff all the time. Preparing to be imprisoned for murder The husband used a gun to attack his wife while throwing the gun at him. This caused his wife's death. The incident occurred in Soi Pepe. Along Karom Road Pho Sadet Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Si Thammarat District The deceased was Nong Fah or Ms. Charanya Yothakul or Fah, aged 27 years, and the perpetrator was Mr. Mack, also known as Mac Nakian or Mac Tungchin. Mr. Anon Suttikarn, 30, Ms. Charanya's husband, after the attack, fled with the girl, who is thought to be her new girlfriend, according to CCTV footage that became key evidence from the authorities. He was eventually arrested at a resort in the area. On November 22, 2022, the reporter reported that in the evening, Maj. Gen. Somchai Sue to the family, the chief of the Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Department, was arrested. Command Lt. Col. Nattawut Thongthip, Director of The City Police Department Take care of Mr. Mack Tungjeen, who is imprisoned in a cell. City Council of Nakhon Si Thammarat After Mr. Mack Tungjeen was stressed and asked to smoke with the officers all the time, mr. Mack's relatives were present. He bought rice and bought water for his cell, but Mr. Mack still did not eat the rice that his relatives had bought for him. Litigation section Just before noon today, the police will detain Mack Tungjeen and hand him over for the first time.
Outrageous poaching wild orchids The accused-HK33-shotgun was arrested.|Outrageous: 2 men smuggle wild orchids out of Doi Blanket National Park area and meet officers on patrol. The suspects were arrested and charged with possession of HK33-shotguns from the government on the evening of November 21, 2022. Head of Doi National Park Blanket Cover Knowing that there will be a group of hill tribes in the area smuggling orchids outside the park, he ordered the patrol officers of Doi National Park Blanket Cover, The National Park Protection Unit No. 4 (Ban Lek Project) to jointly patrol. After being informed by the news wire that wild orchids would be smuggled out of the park area, they inspected and set up a temporary extraction point on the path between Ban Pa Lo and Ban Lek project until 7.30 pm. There were 2 suspected men driving the car, so they sent a stop signal to ask for an inspection, but the car turned toward the officers and collided with the officer, Mr. Seri Laisai, a compensation officer, who was injured. While bringing the injured person to hospital. On the way, they are intercepted by a group of villagers. The officer's car was used to arrest the accused, and a skirmish occurred, and one of the officer's HK33 firearms and the suspect were taken away. The officers agreed to take the injured person to SPONSORED Hospital, where they arrived at Pa Lo Village. The road was blocked, and officers were attacked again while stealing HK33 firearms and government shotguns. The officers called for police and military personnel to help them get out of the area. The injured were taken to hospital this morning (Nov. 22) and negotiations will be held to deal with the latest Fang District Office case, Sitti Vimala. The head of Doi Blanket National Park reported that two HK33 firearms have now been recovered, with one long shotgun remaining for further progress to be reported.
"Chuvit" sued "Santhana" 100 million damages for hotel robbery|"Pachu Chuvit Kamolvisit", a former ang mogul, together with lawyer Anantchai, filed a lawsuit against "Santhana", a former Special Branch policeman, on 3 charges of making false statements - creating false evidence and defamation. Damages of 100 million late on November 22, 2022 at the Criminal Court, Ratchadapisek Road. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former leader of a political party and former owner of a bathing business, accompanied Mr. Anantchai Chaidet. The lawyers brought a lawsuit against Mr. Ton family limited, the owner of Davis Hotel Connorwink, as the 1st plaintiff, Mr. Chuvit as the 2nd plaintiff, and Mr. Santhana Prayurarat. Former Special Branch Police He is charged with making false statements relating to criminal offences for which no offence has been committed, creating false evidence and defamation by advertising pursuant to Sections 172, 173, 179, 180, 326, 328. It is also filed as a civil case in connection with a criminal case. The claim for damages of 100 million baht from the case of Mr. Santhana alleged that The Davis Connorwink Hotel, Soi Sukhumvit 24, Khlong Tan Subdistrict, Khlong Toei District of Mr. Chuvit's son was a source of drug abuse by tourists. False evidence was produced by secretly filming and reporting video footage to the police. The evidence is unclear. As a result, the reputation of the hotel and Mr. Chuvit has been tarnished, and today we filed a lawsuit against Mr. Santhana, with Ton family Co., Ltd. as the 1st plaintiff. Mr. Chuvit, the second plaintiff, Mr. Anantchai Chaidet, said he had been following the case for some time. In July 2022, Mr. Chuvit made a statement about gray Chinese people, illegal drugs, gambling until it took shape. Later, a Chinese national who used drugs died, which became famous. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, took over the operation. As a result, Mr. Chuvit continued to come out and unfold. Therefore, the parties are not Mr. Santhana, but on November 4. Mr. Santhana went to bail Mr. David at the immigration police. On November 5, the police were called. Thonglor police have taken video footage and claimed that there was likely to be drug trafficking and that entertainment venues were opened over time. policeman Thonglor police came in to search but found nothing illegal. MR. SANTHANA WILL ALSO SLANDER MR. CHUVIT'S HOTEL, FOLLOWED BY HARASSMENT, GIVING INFORMATION TO POL. GEN. SURACHET, WHICH IS INAPPROPRIATE, SPONSORED, HOWEVER, MAKING A VIDEO OF HIM HAVING DRUG ABUSE IN MR. CHUVIT'S HOTEL, WHICH IF ANY ENTERTAINMENT VENUE OR SERVICE FACILITY IS ALLOWED TO USE DRUGS, CARRIES A MAXIMUM PENALTY OF 5 YEARS IN PRISON. P.P.S. Entertainment venues can be closed and their licenses revoked under the Narcotics Act, which is a very serious matter. Therefore, today, Mr. Chuvit has been authorized by Ton family Co., Ltd. as the 1st plaintiff and Mr. Chuvit as the 2nd plaintiff to file a lawsuit against Mr. Santhana as the defendant. Charges of making false statements to others are punishable by criminal penalties, including no wrongdoing, defamation by advertising, and creating false evidence. This is a criminal case involving a civil case. Mr. Chuvit revealed that he had never been a plaintiff in the case. He is a defendant in every case because he thinks he has been bullied all along, but it's a thing of the past. What he said was in essence to the gray Chinese mafia that was eating this country. Mr. Santhana, a former policeman who was dismissed from the service, suddenly came to his hotel and went to report the case until a few days ago he came to speak again about the massage parlor, which he had to say that he had sold all 6 places from 2003-2004 because he was a political mp for the Thai National Party. There is no land that he owns because he rents it, so the real value is not there because he uses the method of transferring shares, which he does not want to retaliate against. Fight on the media, fight on the streets, fight in all kinds of ways, but Mr. Santhana does not fight. When he spoke, he pretended to have a purse with information that he had a photo, that he knew him, but that Mr. Santhana had a photo of him eating with him. At the time, he was an MP, a police commissioner. Mr. Santhana then sought to sue for undermining. Like Mr. Santhana, let's meet in court and fight by the way of the law before returning, Mr. Chuvit turned and said to the media camera, "I'm sure. Help put on pants Don't put in.... etc." etc." after the working group has filed a lawsuit. The court considered and accepted it as a black number. Tue 2892/2566 The hearing is scheduled for February 6, 2023 at 1:30 p.m.
"Santhana" appears in front of the Criminal Court, leaning on the clip in the hotel as the real event. Not edited|"Santhana Prayurarat", a former Special Branch police officer, went to the Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Road After learning that "Pa Chu" filed 3 charges demanding 100 million baht. Lean clips in real famous hotels. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former ang mogul, along with lawyer Anantchai, filed a lawsuit against "Santhana", a former Special Branch policeman, on 3 charges of making false statements and creating false and defamatory evidence. 100 million damages. Late on November 22, 2022, Mr. Santhana Prayurarat The former Special Branch police officer went to the criminal court. Ratchadapisek Road After learning that Mr. Chuvit had come to sue himself, he asked for a copy of the indictment from the court for information on the case. He confirmed that the footage in Mr Chuvit's son's Davis Connorwink hotel was a real one. It doesn't edit or create situations in any way. They also keep some clips to themselves. He did not give it to all the investigators because he did not trust the investigators, which he was ready to fight because he was confident that the evidence of Mr. Santhana also mentioned Mr. Anantchai, Mr. Chuvit's lawyer, that Mr. Anantchai had previously been on a television program and spoke with threatening words. Is this considered unethical for lawyers? I would also like to reconsider myself, which tomorrow Mr. Chuvit will travel to Parliament. HE ALSO CONFIRMED THAT HE WOULD MEET MR. CHUVIT IN PARLIAMENT. The court scheduled a hearing on the charges on February 6, 2023 at 1:30 p.m.
Make a plan to cut your father's throat, find a boil of water to eat together. I was hit in the face by my father.|I killed my father, claimed to have been abused, I had to defend myself, and I wanted to apologize to my father. Apologize to society for doing horrible violence. Police charged him with intentional homicide, revealing that the father and son were not working, were at home boiling water, ate together, and quarreled. The father punched him in the face, grabbed the knife, and scrambled. Father fell and was struck in the neck with a knife in the aftermath of the tragedy on November 21, 2022. The incident occurred in a house in Bangjo village. Moo 4, Srisoonthorn Subdistrict, Thalang District, Phuket Province Is a one-story house. In front of the house is Mr. Anon Khammanochart, 26 years old, son. Stand by and surrender to the police. In the bedroom on the bed behind the house, the deceased was Mr. Uthai Thamnuchart, 51, whose neck was abysmal and had a wound on his face at 10.00 a.m. On November 22, 2022, at the Thalang Police Station, Lt. Col. Senator (investigation) Thalang police interrogated Mr. Anon Khammanochart, 26, a child of Thorpee, who caused the patriarchal attack and slit his father's throat. Mr. Anon's general condition is devastated and remorseful for the incident. After the investigation was completed, the accused was charged with "deliberately killing a person", Anon told reporters. He felt guilty and couldn't make up his mind, but just in self-defense, with no intention of killing his father. I want to apologize to my dad, I want to apologize to society for doing such a violent and horrible thing. If he could go back, he wouldn't have done this at all. Anon also said his father used to shop every day. 4-5 times a day, give some money, not give some, only talk threateningly, never hurt. This was the first time he had been injured for killing his father. Initially, it was learned that before the incident, Mr. Uthai used Mr. Anon, his son, to go out and buy a leaf from Mr. Anon to ask Mr. Anon for money from Mr. Anon's grandmother. Mr. Uthai then got up and threw Mr. Anon in the face and fell to the floor of the house. Mr. Anon then turned around and grabbed a kitchen knife to hurt Mr. Uthai, so a fight ensued, but in the end, Mr. Uthai could not fight Mr. Anon. Mr. Anon was stabbed to death with a kitchen knife in Mr. Uthai's throat. Mr. Anon then washed the blood-stained knife and placed it in the same place where the dishes were washed in the kitchen and then went to change the blood-stained clothes. Lieutenant Colonel Thalang Senator (investigation) Thalang police and volunteer lawyers Mr. Anon Khammanochart, 26, the accused, was brought to the crime scene to make a plan to plead guilty. Relatives of the accused stood and watched from afar. The plan started from Mr. Anon, the accused, sitting with Mr. Uthai with boiled water, and then started to argue, before Mr. Uthai, the deceased, used his left foot to push him to the face, causing Mr. Anon to fall on his stomach. Anon then grabbed a nearby knife to protect himself. The deceased Mr. Uthai came to grab the knife, scrambled to fight until Mr. Uthai fell on the bed, causing the knife that was being scrambled into his throat, causing a gaping wound. Mr. Uthai fell and died. Mr. Anon saw Mr. Uthai lying motionless, so he took the knife to wash in the bathroom before putting it on the kitchen table. Mr. Anon then told his mother about the incident. After that, my sister ran to tell my brother and mother to come to the house and called 191. 
Police arrest 2 suspects for seducing a boy to film pornography and killing more than 100 people|Police arrest 2 suspects for human trafficking for allegedly luring boys to film pornography and posting clips on social media More than 100 boys were found at 10:30 a.m. on November 22, 2022, at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Maj. Gen. Saruti, Sopha. Chief Of Staff, Lt. Col. Surapong Chatsut, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Pattanapong Sripinka, 2nd Lt. Col. Joint statement on the results of the search and arrest of suspected traffickers Kidnapping a boy, filming pornography, posting clips on social media, first two cases, arrested Mr. Worameth or Mr. Gen Thuan Im, 26 years old, according to Criminal Court Warrant No. 2438/2565 dated November 9, 2022, charged with the purpose of trade or involvement in the trade of child pornography. Caught at a game store inside a shopping mall in Minburi, Bangkok, Pattanapong police said they were aware of a secret line group. The name of the group "FA Vip" is a pornographic publication of boys aged 13-18 years. However, those who joined the group had to pay an application fee of 500 baht, the investigating officer until he learned that Mr. Worameth, the owner of the game store, was the administrator of the line. Use dating applications Use a picture of a good-looking woman to create a profile before talking to a high school boy who looks good in an affair. After that, they are tricked into sending them a video of masturbation, claiming to send back a video of their masturbation, but once they get it, they sell it in a secret group that was created. Investigators found more than 100 clips of boys being tricked into taking pornographic videos. The accused confessed that he had done so several times in the last 2 years, deceiving more than 100 children when he saw a way to earn money from the opening of the LINE group. Therefore, the group was created, which was the administrator and publisher of child pornography in another case. Mr. Sarunrak or Bee Thongsin, 29 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 2422/2565 dated November 9, 2022, charged with "trafficking in persons by wrongful exploitation of the production or dissemination of pornographic objects or materials to persons under the age of fifteen, depriving children under fifteen years of age, inducing, encouraging, or consenting to the child's unreasonable behavior and using, inducing, inciting, encouraging, or consenting to the child to commit obscene acts." Caught in a room in Bang Khen, Bangkok, Pattanapong said Mr. Sarunrak had set up a secret line group called "BB Group VIP" to distribute child pornography, such as video clips of sexual intercourse between transgender women and boys under the age of 18 in high school uniforms. There are more than 500 members, and the person who will join this line group must be invited by the group administrator who uses the line name "BB1", where the person using the line name "BB1" acts as the group admin, responsible for sending child pornography images and clips to the group members. Authorities investigated and found that a 16-year-old boy who appeared in a pornographic video on the group had been approached on his personal Twitter account by a transgender man before soliciting him to have sex with the assailant at his residence. In exchange for a compensation of about 500 baht, the culprit claimed that he would ask for a sex video to be kept alone. But it was later posted to the LINE group. The suspect confessed to having invited the youth to have sex by filming the video, before publishing it in the group. Pol. Maj. Gen. Saruti said that as the investigation expanded, more than 20 targets of child pornography were found to have been purchased and four search warrants were sought in Bangkok, Chiang Mai and Uttaradit provinces, as well as evidence seized. If found guilty He will be charged with "possession of child pornography for sexual exploitation of oneself or others." NEXTSPONSORED BY Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Director general There is concern for teenage boys and girls to use social media, as criminals are now using dating apps to deceive children. It will try to convince the child that they have fallen in love. I want to be a girlfriend before I ask for a secret photo. This is considered child grooming, with many children suffering bad memories that affect their minds for the rest of their lives.
Another scandal. Nakhon Sawan police punched people, the director clarified it was a misunderstanding.|Nakornsawan Social Clip New police officers punch people, take off their uniforms for Pa, city police chief The clarification was misleading and apologized to the public. He also apologized for sharing the clip on social media. There is a dispute between the Nakhon Sawan traffic police officer and the road user. New police said. City Council of Nakhon Sawan, the challenge, take off the uniform, punch the people, leave to share with everyone. Work in, brothers and sisters. I was going to the Asia Hotel to stay at the Asia Hotel, but there was a checkpoint in front of me, but there was a policeman who followed me and told us not to enter the checkpoint. I replied that I was going to sleep, why did I go to the checkpoint? If you have any doubts, search the car. Only Siam Pry Plus cream is full of cars. There will be uniforms to punch us. There's a lot of talk, a lot of talk. I want to be loud like this. I'm wrong or suspicious, I'm willing to search the car. It's not about showing off your mannerisms to people like this, they're going to take off their uniforms and punch us. Well, gumasima, that's definitely loud. #ขอบคุณพี่ตํารวจที่ตามมาเคียร์พูดจาดีเข้าใจเราคับซึ่งเหตุการณ์นี้ It takes place at the traffic discipline checkpoint. Phaholyothin Road (kilometers 341-342), Pak Nam Pho Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Sawan Province On the night of November 21, the video shows traffic police officers and drivers arguing. In the case of the driver turning the car into a hotel about 100 meters before the checkpoint to rest, but the police officer saw that there was suspicious behavior and refused to enter the checkpoint, so he came to talk, asked for a search, and became an incident like in the clip. At 11:20 a.m. on Nov. 22, 2022. Lt. Col. Settawut Rodjan, Director of The City Police Department Revealed that they had watched the clip. He apologized for what happened, and he has always instructed the police officers in his office to serve the public with gentleness. The police officers had to perform their duties according to the incident, which the investigation did not find any irregularities, and apologized to the public in case the police officers may speak disrespectfully in the event that they occurred. S.A. Attawit Charoenkong Nakhon Sawan traffic police officers said they were on duty in the area but the vehicle turned left into the hotel before reaching the checkpoint. But there was a voice that had to apologize to the people, and after this, they had to be careful not to happen again.
The police chief praised the police cunning and intercepted ten wheels carrying methamphetamine-ketamine under the seizure.|The director appreciated. Mae Phrik policeman in Lampang province is witty and a young man driving a ten-wheeler. Carrying 5 million methamphetamine pills, over 100 kg of ketamine after trying to slap his eyes, he hid it with tissues. Confession received from Chiang Mai and delivered to Songkhla at 10.00 a.m. on November 22, 2022 at Lampang Provincial Police. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Commander of the Royal Thai Police Maj. Gen. Chinpat Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. Piya Tavichai P.O. Box 5 Maj. Gen. Mongkol Samphavaphol Lampang Provincial Police Commander Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.P.S. and Mr. Chatchawan Chaiyabutr, Governor of Lampang Province Mr. Apikit F. Rojprasert, Director The Provincial Police Region 5 has jointly announced the arrest of a major drug dealer in Lampang province, seizing more than 5 million methamphetamine pills and about 101 kilograms of ketamine. After his arrest, he was arrested. Major drug cases One of the accused, along with 5 million methamphetamine pills, 101 kilograms of ketamine and one 6-wheeler truck, was arrested on November 17, 2022. Lampang province has called to inspect a white Hino 6-wheel truck, registration number 66-9601, Bangkok, found Mr. Watchara Karuanram, 32 years old, address 57 Moo 5, Khu Muang Subdistrict, Khu Muang District, Buriram Province. The driver had a suspicious posture, so he asked for a search by bringing the truck into the XRAY machine at mae chili checkpoint. A suspected drug object was found mixed with a box of goods, so they were thoroughly examined. 850 methamphetamine pills, approximately 5 million tablets and 101 cubes of ketamine, 1 kg each, for a total of 101 kg. And Mr. Watchara admitted to having taken methamphetamine. The police are in the process of gathering evidence to issue arrest warrants for the participants in the prosecution and to extend the seizure of property according to the law. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said. Prime Minister urges Royal Thai Police Integrate with all sectors to solve the drug epidemic seriously and continuously in all dimensions. I must commend the cunning of the Mae Phrik police. Lampang province, which had a cunning attitude in searching, led to the arrest. By this drug checkpoint. There has been a steady stream of drug arrests. We ask the public to provide information, clues, drug news or other crimes to the police at any time. Hotline 191 or 1599, all information will be seriously investigated. Lampang Provincial Governor Chatchawan Chaiyabutr said: In the province, it is ready to adopt a strict policy on the prevention and suppression of drugs. This time, it is considered bad luck for drug traffickers who come to use the area of Lampang Province. If you pass through Lampang province, you will not survive, so be aware and be careful that the authorities of Lampang province will not let you drift."
Exam affiliations Police officer tricked the girl into being a police officer and ate until she was pregnant. Order slaughter of all offenses.|1st Guards Corps Order a fact check Police deceived a woman into eating until she was pregnant and took property by taking action to discipline her. According to the law, Ms. O, 43, a merchant, came to report the wrongdoing. 2nd Battalion, 1st Guards Division, 1st Guards and Crowd Control Division He is accused of falsifying documents, using rank, deceiving them into believing and falling into a trap to lose property. From the case to show yourself as Lt. Col., the inspector-level police officer who has a great future in the future. Miss O fell in love until she agreed to live as a husband and wife before the story came to red because Ms. O was pregnant, but Ms. Do refused to accept and began to beat herself away. By agreeing to spend 50,000 baht for Ms. O to have an abortion in order to end the problem of having a child, Ms. O was suspicious. Instead, he claimed that he had previously registered his marriage with his first wife. This is the story. Ms. O took the police officer's card to a friend to help her check her history, and found that she had been deceived all along. Therefore, it causes frustration, loss of feelings. SAD AND SAD FOR HERSELF FOR HAVING MISSED THE POLICE, TRICKED HER INTO LOSING HER WHOLE BODY AND LOST HER PROPERTY, SPONSORED BECAUSE THEY HAVE BEEN TOGETHER FOR MORE THAN 9 MONTHS, MR. DO ALWAYS ASKS FOR MONEY WITH MS. O. Even commuting to work, as well as household expenses, fall into the burden. Miss O had to pay for it all instead, until she herself had to take 2 existing cars to finance. Bring money to pamper yourself. He has a debt of nearly 100,000 baht. Instead, the police officer tried to float and would not take any responsibility until it became a complaint, and the prosecution, as already proposed, was the latest development. At 10.30 a.m. on November 22, 2022, Ms. O went to testify to the investigators in the lawsuit she filed yesterday to prosecute S.T. Doe on charges of forgery and unauthorized use of official documents. Lt. Col. Settawut Rodjan, Ph.D. The City Police Commissioner of Nakhon Sawan, together with the Deputy Director of Investigation, took over the matter before the police investigation department to proceed with the interrogation in order to proceed with the prosecution process in accordance with the legal procedures. He said that since yesterday, the Provincial Police Region 6 commander has ordered and directed that all cases of wrongdoing be dealt with decisively. Therefore, a committee was set up to investigate the case and invited the victims to be interrogated today, in which part of the prosecution was the police officer who was charged with the offence of having clear evidence of forgery of official id cards and police attire. The investigation will have to be completed before the prosecution concludes its case on further allegations. He insisted that the commander had specifically ordered the police to take decisive action against the police who had this kind of behavior because if left unchecked, it could cause further distress to the police industry as a whole in the next sector. Lt. Col. Thirawat Boonyok, Superintendent of Guards 1, Crowd Control Division (1st Guards Division) Order of the 1st Guards Division No. 216/2022 of November 21 Appointment of a fact-finding committee With Lieutenant Colonel Chisnupong Thongprathuang, commander of the group. 2nd Battalion, 1st Guards Division, 1st Guards and Crowd Control Division There was a case of alleged disciplinary action in the case of The Protection Division 1 receiving news from social media that the complainant had been deceived by Senator Chisnupong appears in the news from social media. The complainant has the following information and evidence: Police officer's id card with photo of police officer wearing uniform A photo of a personal driver's license indicating rank. In other words, the complainant complained that S.T. Chisnupong had deceived the complainant that he was in office. Lt. Col. Chisnupong Thongprathuang to associate with the complainant, by Lt. Col. Chisnupong, forged police identification documents and dressed in rank uniforms. The complainant was believed by impersonation and was damaged. The petitioner wishes to take disciplinary action in such matters by virtue of the following: The National Police Act B.E. 2565 (2022) section 117 appoints a fact-finding committee. The Investigation Committee shall conduct an investigation in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed in the Rules. If the Investigation Committee considers that there is a basis that the accused has committed disciplinary offences other than those specified in this order, or if the investigation is directed to other police officers, and the Investigation Committee considers that the police officer is involved or involved in the conduct of the investigation. The Chairman of the Committee shall report as soon as practicable. Rattanasitpak Chief Of Staff He said the case had already been set up to investigate the matter. However, police officers 1st Battalion Report to the investigating officer, Dusit Police Department. He was charged with two counts of falsifying a police officer's id card and dressing in imitation of a police officer. The police then proceeded to the private offense. Maj. Gen. Thananthorn said the victims had been arranged to meet with their superiors. An appointment was made this morning, but the victim asked for a postponement. The victim will prosecute the police officer for personal offences of fraud. The police have taken action in relation to this. To provide identification to both the victim and the perpetrator, who must wait for the conclusion of the disciplinary action from the Investigation Committee for some time, but insist that when the offence is committed, the disciplinary action will be dismissed. The agency will investigate all cases. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO HELP FOR OFFENDERS.SPONSORED
The villagers returned the guns until Lt. Col. Doi was fully covered. After the robbery, the accused was injured 5.|The villagers returned the guns until Lt. Park Doi covered them all, leaving gps, radios and mobile phones missing. Searching while The villagers informed Mae Aye police that they were forced to stop the car until they were injured at 7.30 p.m. on November 21, 2022. Head of Doi National Park Blanket Cover Knowing that there would be a group of hill tribes burning lahu in the area to smuggle orchids outside the park, he ordered the patrol of Doi National Park to cover the park protection unit at DOP 4 (Ban Lek Project). There is Mr. Paphapin Noonjit. Lead troops to patrol the area. After being informed by a news wire that wild orchids would be smuggled out of the park area and a temporary extraction point was set up on the path between Ban Pa Lo. M.12 (The Ministry of Education) Until 7.30 p.m., a motorcycle with 2 suspected men was found driving and he signaled to stop the car for inspection. Investigators prosecuted the case and sent the injured person to Fang Hospital for treatment. While bringing the injured person on both sides to Mae Aye Hospital, on the way, he was intercepted by a group of villagers of Pa lo and Chana to intercept and block the path of the car until the police could seize the accused. A FIGHT ENSUED, AND AN OFFICER'S H.K.33 FIREARM AND TWO SHOTGUNS WERE SEIZED FROM THE OFFICERS, AND THEN NEGOTIATIONS WERE HELD TO BRING THE INJURED TO THE HOSPITAL. After the incident, he was returned with a shotgun and two HKs. The officers were attacked again, and they took away their HK33 firearms and a shotgun, prompting police and soldiers to help them leave the area. The injured were taken to the hospital on the morning of Nov. 22, 2022, where negotiations will be held to resolve the case. The lost government property was 1 GPS and 1 mobile phone. The opposition party reported that 1 mobile phone was lost, and the police and villagers searched for the missing property. At 10 a.m. in the security conference room. A.M.Aye Mr. Somphop Budkaew P.O. Security Department Mr. Sitti Simaba Doi National Park 3rd Lt. Col. Twich Pikroh Mr. Kawee Yodsaeng Kamnan, T.Mae-mai, Mr. Jahae Ja-ue, Director of Pong Hai M.12 The young mother attended the meeting to discuss the resolution. After the incident, the Park Police clashed with the villagers and arrested the accused in the middle, causing 5 people to be injured. Set extraction point Mr. Bastard will be blushing. Mr. Atu Ayi Mr. Tinkorn Kongma Mr. Nattakarn Netphen The culprit, Mr. Yatu Jaso, 30, suffered a head injury with 30 stitches and bruises on his body at 12:58 p.m. Mr. Yatu's brother will inform the police. Capt. Nattanun Manosa, Deputy Senator He said that around 8 p.m. last night, Mr. Yatu was riding in a car. Registration no. 2 กถ 3831 hrs. It was found that Lt. Forest used force to stop the car causing injury, then Mr. Yatu was detained and injured until Lt. Assaulted. He called the nearby villagers to help and negotiated initially until there was a noise, and then the lt. pointed the gun towards the villagers, so a fight broke out, where he grabbed 3 guns, then dispersed and took the injured to the hospital. Later, negotiations were held with the authorities until several parties were present to show their innocence and returned two HK 33 firearms and returned the long shotgun in the morning. The lost property has not been returned as 1 GPS satellite coordinate device, 1 icom radio, 1 mobile phone.
2 Chinese women fight before stabbing each other to death 1 toilet in Prachachuen 12 shopping mall|2 Chinese women fight in the bathroom of a shopping center in Prachachuen district 12, stabbing 27 people, killing 1 person. He is expected to be blackmailed at 1:00 p.m. on Nov. 22, 2022. Two-room field office A Chinese woman stabbed a Chinese woman to death in the bathroom of Urban Square shopping center, Soi Prachachuen 12, Thung Song Hong Subdistrict. Therefore, he reported it to his superiors before he went to check with Maj. Gen. Marut. Sud Nong Bua, Director of The Two-Room Field Police Department Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit 2. The scene in front of the women's bathroom downstairs contained a pair of black shoes, 1 phone, 1 black coat, stained with blood scattered among the numerous blood stains. Long into the bathroom. A body was found. Ms. Xiong Ziyi, 34 years old He was lying on his left side, wearing a blue long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans, with blood on his body, and found a 15cm long paring knife stained with blood. Know the name later. Ms. Tang Jun, 36, a police officer, immediately escorted her to Thung Song Police Station. Ms. Malun Kaenkaew, 55, a housewife, said she saw the couple come together to eat. When he walked to the bathroom, he heard a fight, and the attacker used a paring knife that he had brought, not a restaurant knife, and stabbed him in the abdomen once. He was shocked, stepped on his legs, cried out for help, still couldn't help. Shocked, he rushed to the scene to call the security guard, while Mr. Patrawut Saengtawee, 28, a security guard, said he came in after the stabbing. He stabbed each other in front of the bathroom and stabbed him inside again, and he detained the perpetrator for fear of fleeing. Wait for the police to come and detain you. Mr. Akarawit Somrod, 28 years old (transgender), said he belongs to the WeChat application group. Open Chat Most Chinese people will set up groups to exchange, such as Chinese students in Thailand, businessmen in Thailand, etc., and they have some Chinese friends when they know that the perpetrator may have brain problems because when there is a problem, he will type messages in the group or put such things into the group with rude messages and send photos together. The attacker was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment of a wound on his right hand due to a large blood vessel. After that, they will be brought to investigate through an interpreter about the facts of the incident and report the allegations to the prosecution.
"Mac Tung China" changed the case. Several other charges will be filed tomorrow.|"Bastard" shoots my wife. Police changed the charge from negligence to intentional homicide. Meanwhile, the father of a 5-year-old girl has repeatedly pleaded guilty to several charges under the Firearms and Ammunition Act. Mr. Anon Suttikarn, or "Mac Tungchin", committed the shooting. Nong Fah or Miss Charanya, 28 years old, young wife, caused by jealousy. After the attack, he fled with a 9mm firearm and took his new girlfriend away, police said. Krabi Province He was arrested by police at a resort. The accused claimed that he did not intend to shoot, just slapped his head with a gun, causing the gun to go off himself, according to the latest news. TODAY'S BIRTHDAY (Nov. 22). Lt. Col. Somchuen Thongyai, Deputy Chief of Police, Investigation Officer, Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Station Anon Suttikarn, or "Mac Tungchin", pleaded guilty to assaulting Tosa and firing one threatening shot into the air. Nong Fah, the deceased, returned home, but Nong Fah still livestreamed the event. The police initially charged Anon or "Mac Thungjeen" with negligence causing the death of another person and the Firearms Act. Especially the clips before and after the incident. Other witnesses then changed the charges against Mr. Anon or "Mac Tungjeen" on charges of intentional killing of another person and charges of possession of firearms under the Firearms Act. Carrying and shooting Deputy Chief of Staff The city police said that the parents of the little ones (pseudonyms) students. M.5, 17 years old, the new girlfriend of Mr. Anon or "Mac Thungchin", came to inform the investigators to prosecute Mr. Anon. Take them for obscenity, and take minors for obscenity. The investigating officer has already been informed of the legal proceedings. Mr. Anon, or "Mack Thungchin", will seek custody tomorrow (Nov. 23).
Until T.T. helped lull. The girl thinks short, climbs the bridge, will jump the Chao Phraya River. Both survived.|The rescue team helped two people jump from Rama 8 bridge and Phra Pinklao bridge in one day, a 6th grader was ill, and a 21-year-old online merchant with a 4-year-old child was stressed about trading and his girlfriend asked to quit at 8:46 a.m. on Nov. 22. Bowonmongkol Police Department received a report of a woman trying to jump rama 8 bridge, Bang Yi Khan subdistrict, Bang Phlat district, Bangkok, so she went to check with officers from Samsen Fire Station and Mr. Anusorn Pongkesa, a volunteer of The Gratitude Foundation, code 10. Miss B (pseudonym) is an 18-year-old student of 6 famous high school. Crying outside the fence, ready to release the body into the river at any time. By phone, typing a text message to order the loss of parents and friends, the officer tried to talk seductively for 15 minutes. Miss B accidentally charged to help. Miss B came in safely. Take yourself to the Police Station and contact your parents to pick you up. Investigators learned that in the morning his father drove to Miss B in front of the school. Ms. B took a taxi to Rama 8 Bridge to jump in the water to commit suicide. About a month earlier, Ms. B was less than happy with her father for refusing to give her braces. Miss B then took a taxi to rama 8 bridge to commit suicide, but was saved by the authorities. Miss B had braces until the depression disappeared for a while. Miss B was a friend for unknown reasons until she decided to end her life at Rama VIII Bridge, but the authorities saved her in time. At 12.30 p.m., Lt. Col. Panpong Gino, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Bang Yi Khan Police Department received a report of a woman trying to jump the Phra Pinklao Bridge. Arun Amarin Subdistrict, Bangkok Noi District, Bangkok, went to check with patrol officers and Mr. Anusorn Pongkesa, volunteers of The Grateful Foundation, code 10 in the middle of the bridge. Outside the fence, it was found. Ms. Bhagavadi ,21, a resident of Nakhon Si Thammarat province, carrying her 4-year-old daughter, was about to jump into the Chao Phraya River. Weeping all the time. The officer spent more than 30 minutes seducing. Ms. Bhagavadi bowed her head and cried, charging to help her daughter get out safely and seduce her. Ms. Bhagavadi continued for about 30 minutes, relying on the moment to charge herself. Ms. Bhagavadi came in safely for both mothers and children. He was taken to the Bang Yi Khan Police Station for questioning. Ms. Bhagavadi testified that she used to work selling weight loss pills online. He and his husband worked together to raise money for their children. Later, she separated from her husband and had to raise her children alone. I feel very tired. Now I'm dating my new boyfriend until I'm 3 months pregnant, I'm running out of money to buy things to sell, and my new boyfriend has called it quits. Helpless, he contemplated such suicide. The officer contacted his new girlfriend to pick him up and calm him down at home.
Court grants bail to nephew, former minister in rape case, 1 million - no departure|The Criminal Court granted bail to M. Apidit in the rape case against the actress. The defendant continued to deny it. Reliable collateral with conditions prohibiting leaving the country Tampering with witnesses and victims at criminal courts On November 22, 2022, Mr. Sittra Baibangborn or Lawyer Tum Miss R (pseudonym) The 22-year-old actress came to follow up on the case filed by prosecutors. Mr. M. Apidit Indulak is the defendant for rape and other charges. Mr. Apidit contacted the victim, who was a celebrity actor. Product reviews Are alcoholic beverages and sexual harassment in a room at a resort in Nak Niwas The incident occurred on August 9, 2022. Today, the defendant denied this. Mr. Siddha, or Tum's lawyer, said in an interview yesterday: The prosecutor has indicted Mr. Apidit as a defendant. Rape charges in an unconscionable state To the Criminal Court, which today was adjourned. Mr. Apidit or M, the defendant, came to the court to examine the testimony and learned that the defendant refused and tried to apply for bail several times in the amount of 15 million baht, but the court of first instance and the Court of Appeal did not allow bail. After this, the process of examining the evidence and witnesses will continue, while today the victim's actress will follow up on the case. After coming to oppose bail since yesterday because of the final detention deadline. If prosecutors fail to file charges in time yesterday, they will have to release the defendant from prison. Therefore, thanks to the prosecutor, the prosecution hastened to file the case before the court. ALTHOUGH THE CASE HAS JUST BEEN HEARD, MR. SIDDHARTHA CONTINUED, "FOR THE EVIDENCE IN THE CASE. The victim tried to find evidence on his own from the first day of the incident, whether it was going to the hospital for a medical examination or a missing chat message. Consult the adult and give all the evidence to the investigating officer until the conclusion of the case. The prosecutor, who faced many obstacles, but considered to have overcome more than halfway, left to wait for the court to decide how. The victim is preparing to become a co-plaintiff and he will also be a lawyer, but it is not that we do not trust the prosecutor, who is the plaintiff. But if it is a co-plaintiff, we will be able to know and follow the case, including the right to appeal or the Supreme Court, in addition, can also claim damages, but still do not talk to the victim about how much to call. However, the aim of this prosecution is not to seek money, but to seek justice because he is being treated like this: "He is also concerned about his safety, fearing that if the defendant is granted bail, he will tamper with evidence and be able to leave the country because he has business abroad." The victim, Mr. Siddhartha, said the case would not go this far. Without a lawyer, Tum. sister Despite the obstacles and influences they are trying to be strong and know that they want justice, they want the court to follow the legal process, they want imprisonment. As for the damages, it is not yet thought out, it is necessary to consult Tum's lawyer because he is now only following the lawsuit and is ready to be the plaintiff's witness for the prosecutor in the process of examining the witnesses in court. The charges are not serious. The defendant continued to deny it. Reliable collateral Allow temporary release to hit the insurance price of 1 million baht. It imposes conditions prohibiting tampering with victims or other witnesses. The defendant is prohibited from leaving the Kingdom unless he is authorized by the court to inform the immigration court, and the court has scheduled a mediation date for November 28 at 9 a.m.
Commanders p.6 Sen appoints Yannawa Police Department to arrest chinese pub again|Commanders p.6 Sen appointed Yannawa Police Station to send another round of Chinese secrets to Lt. Col. Nattapol, deputy chief of staff of the 6th Army, to serve at 6:00 p.m. on November 22, 2022. The Police Commissioner has signed The Metropolitan Police Division Order No. 453/2565 and 454/2565 dated November 21, 2022 to appoint Pol. Col. Wuttichai Thaiwat. Deputy Chief of Staff 6 Acting as Superintendent of Yannawa Police Station. Lt. Col. Nattapol Kominchart, Deputy Superintendent of Police No.6, who is currently acting as Superintendent of Yannawa Police Station, went to the Operation Center of The Metropolitan Police Division 6 (S.E.P.N.6) to perform the duties assigned by the Commander of the Metropolitan Police Station 6. It happened in the middle of the night on Oct. 25, 2022, to the early morning of Oct. 26. Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The police officers were also present. More than 100 police officers have entered the blockade and searched the Jinlin Building. LEELA building and WIP WUP CAR WASH building, Charoenrat Road, Yannawa Police Station, after investigating that it was opened as a pub and allowing Chinese tourists to get into drugs. A large number of suspects were arrested, and after the pub was demolished, a transfer order was signed. Lt. Col. Thanachote Rukdee, director of the Yannawa Police Department, went to the Operation Center of the Metropolitan Police Division 6, immediately absent from his previous position. Lt. Col. Nattapol, deputy chief of staff 6, went to serve as the first representative. Just a few weeks later, a recent order was issued. Lt. Col. Wuttichai, deputy chief of staff, 6 others, went to serve on behalf of the government again. It is thought to be the result of the fact that during the course of the proceedings, there were investigators. Yannawa police have been charged with disciplinary and criminal offences for releasing the accused and his luxury car from custody.
"Pattani" ordered all kinds of cars to be scanned in and out of every 4 corners of the city.|"Pattani" ordered to raise the level of the dark examination. All vehicles enter and exit the city in every 4 corners of the city, especially the economic area. 24-hour community Dreaded repeated car bomb incidents to create safety, including asking for cooperation from the NCPO. To prevent insurgents from entering the area on November 22, 2022, after the incident, the terrorists set off a bomb. Car bombs in police residences and several bombs in Narathiwat It was past noon. In Pattani Province, the latest Maj. Gen. Narin Bu-ordinary The Pattani Police Chief has instructed the superintendent of all police stations in Pattani province to increase the intensity of scanning all vehicles in and out of all districts. Especially the 4 corners of the city before entering Pattani city, which is a community area and economic district, with the highest level of security measures in place. 24-hour inspection of persons and vehicles entering and exiting Pattani city, increasing the frequency of patrolling the area of responsibility. Focus on cars, motorcycles, persons with suspicious baggage, and set up patrols, both uniformed and non-uniformed, to check for news and take care of security in order to create safety. Monitor suspicious persons and objects Prevent insurgents from inciting violence in the area.
"James". Gangster kills "Nong Koi" after fleeing to his house in Phatthalung|Police arrested "James", who is accused of killing "Nong Koi", leaving the forest by the irrigation canal. The police found the culprit fleeing to his house in Konghra district before detaining him for questioning at Phatthalung Police Station in case the culprit, whose name and number are unknown, drove a pickup truck carrying him. Miss Jiraporn Petchrat or Koi, 28 years old, villager, Moo 7, Chai buri. Phatthalung disappeared from her husband's house in the area. The incident occurred on July 29, 2021, and at approximately 8:00 p.m. on August 2, 2021, Lt. Col. Sommon Rakchuchuen, Police Officer of Muang Phatthalung, received a report of a body discovery. Nameless girl in the forest by the irrigation canal Ban Nong Ped Nam Moo 6, Tambon Nanod, Amphur Muang, Phatthalung Province, wearing black stretch shorts and a short-sleeved T-shirt. The body was wrapped in a blanket and wrapped in another layer of striped sheets. First, use nylon rope to tie the head and toes. He died no less than 3 days later. Mrs. Preeda Petcharat, 62 years old, Chai buri A.Muang, Phatthalung province, came to see the body at the Phatthalung Foundation before confirming that it was Miss Jiraporn Petchrat or Koi, 28 years old, whose daughter was carried away from her husband's house in the area. On July 29, 2022, the mother pleaded with the media for justice, arguing that the money the deceased owed to the perpetrators had not been returned. After that, the police went to the area, traced the cctv footage, and continued to investigate for more information until they issued arrest warrants for 3 co-perpetrators, namely Mr. Sunan Jitpakdee or James. Mrs. Yuvares, a war or a boxer. Two husbands and a wife, Mr. Chisnupong Then Pol. Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, deputy chief of police, with a working group from the Royal Thai Police. Phatthalung Provincial Police Investigation Unit 9 Provincial Police Investigation Unit Police cracked down on influential mercenary gunmen and searched the area late on Feb. 7. 2022 Mr. Chisnupong or Ton Petchchi, 25, one of the three accused, surrendered to Maj. Gen. Tanit Ramdit. Before the police detained him to make a plan to make a confession and report the charges for further legal proceedings, and on February 22, 2022, Mrs. Yuvares, or Muay Golsong, was arrested. Mr. Sunan's wife or James Jitpakdee The main accused then surrendered to the police. According to the news release, the latest was at 13.00 on November 22, Maj. Gen. Tanit Ramdit. Phatthalung Deputy Chief of Staff Lieutenant Colonel Phatthalung Pol. Col. Surachet Ketkhao, Phatthalung City Police Chief, Lt. Col. Hanpol Ramduang, Deputy Chief of Police of Muang Phatthalung, and Lt. Col. Sutin Dangsaeng, Phatthalung City Police Commissioner, together with Pol. Col. Piyawat Kwansri, Director of Gonghra Police Department, and the investigation team of Gonghra Police Department jointly planned to arrest him. Mr. Sunan, the accused, was hiding at a house in the area. District 2, T. Konghra, A. Konghara, Phatthalung When a police officer went to park in front of the house. Mr. Sunan or James Jitpakdee After the incident, the police officers chased for about 5 minutes and were able to arrest Mr. Sunan or James, who is a major suspect and has 4 arrest warrants in Phatthalung province. No one knows about the relatives. Because the house is uninhabited. My mother went to Bangkok. The young aunt went to see the patient. T.Somwang It was an opportunity for Mr. James to sneak into the house. While hiding in the house, the door closed completely. There will be some relatives who know the news and are worried. THEY HUNG A BAG OF CURRY FOOD IN FRONT OF THE SPONSORED HOUSE AND SEARCHED THE HOUSE. Officers found one 9mm firearm, 14 rounds of 9mm ammunition and 40 rounds of M 16 ammunition placed under a pillow on a mattress. The officers then took it as evidence and took the accused into custody for questioning. Phatthalung City Council to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Chinese woman kills 27 people|Chinese female interpreter A 4-year-old college student was stabbed with 27 wounds by a compatriot on the ground floor of Urban Square shopping mall on Prachachuen Soi 12. When the appointment came. Clearing the dead, Young Pakdee threatened to release the secret clip. A jealous Chinese woman stabbed her compatriot with 27 wounds at 1:00 p.m. on Nov. 22. Two-room field office A Chinese woman stabbed a Chinese woman to death with a knife. Inside the bathroom of Urban Square shopping center in Soi Prachachuen 12 is next door. Pundit Business School, Thungsonghong Therefore, he reported it to his superiors before he went to check with Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit. 2nd Lieutenant Maj. Gen. Marut Sudnongbua, director of the Tungsong police station and the police investigation department. Two police rooms where the incident occurred were in front of the women's bathroom downstairs. A pair of black shoes, one mobile phone, and one black robe were found scattered on the floor. In addition, a large amount of blood stains was found dragging long into the bathroom. Before the body was found Ms. Chung Shiyi, 24, Chinese interpreter, 4th year, Graduate School of Business, International Business Lying on his left side, covered in blood on the bathroom floor, a 15cm long knife was found with blood. Ms. Chong Shiyi was stabbed with a knife with a total of 27 wounds and sent the body to forensic doctors at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital, Royal Thai Air Force Medical Department, for a thorough autopsy to determine the cause of death. Investigators initially detained the perpetrator. While waiting to surrender near the front of the bathroom, where the body was found. Know the name later. Miss Tang Jun, 36, a Chinese online merchant, had a sharp wound on her right palm. Police rushed him to a nearby hospital for treatment. Before being brought to the police station for questioning, Ms. Malun Kaenkaew, 55, a housekeeper of the said shopping center, testified that she saw the perpetrator and the deceased together. Before entering the restaurant to eat After walking out to the front of the bathroom, I heard a violent fight. The attacker then pulled a knife and stabbed the deceased once in the abdomen and then pulled him into the bathroom and stabbed him several times to death. Before the mall's security guards came to stop the incident, Maj. Gen. Marut Sud Nong Bua, Director of The Two-Room Field Police Department It was revealed that the cause was jealousy and blackmail, as the deceased worked as a personal interpreter for Ms Tang Jun's boyfriend, who was Russian. But later, the perpetrator found the deceased had an extramarital affair with his girlfriend. But while discussing the problem, he was threatened by the deceased to bring a clip during the meeting. Miss Tang Jun and her Russian boyfriend had something to embarrass them, causing them to be angry. Initially, a detailed investigation was conducted through an interpreter as to all the facts of the incident in order to inform the accused according to the procedure.
P.O. Box 6 Heavy teeth "2 charges" Lieutenant Colonel wearing the rank of Lt. Col. Tom Girl|P.W.6 ordered the teeth not to be fed. Set up a criminal investigation team, the police officers wore the rank of Pol. Maj. Gen. to deceive the young vendors until they became pregnant and did not take responsibility, and pumped money to join hundreds of thousands of victims to testify further. Forgery of police cards and wearing inspector uniforms As for the scam, evidence must be gathered and thoroughly interrogated. Before coordinating with the agency to report the charges to the prosecution, the director of the agency has already set up a fact-checking committee. False misrepresentation does not help the case. Miss O (pseudonym), 43 years old, merchant The flea market has filed a complaint with the Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station to prosecute 27-year-old Chisnupong Thongprathuang, 1st Kg. Convert Document Using the rank of rank to deceive into believing that he fell into a trap to lose his wealth by wearing his own rank as Lt. Col. Inspector, tricking the woman into falling in love. He agreed to live as a husband and wife until the matter came to light when Ms. O became pregnant, but Mr. Chisnupong refused. responsible He started beating himself up and took 50,000 baht to get an abortion. Miss O became suspicious of the behavior, took the police officer's card to a friend to check the history, it appeared that it was a fake card wearing the rank from the Police Commissioner to the Police Commissioner, making her realize that she had been deceived all the time. They are sad and lose both themselves and their property because they have been together for more than 9 months. Even took 2 existing cars to finance to bring money. Mr. Chisanupong spent until he had a debt of nearly 100,000 baht. He had complained to the police that he had been punished only by Thamrong Discipline, so he informed the police to prosecute the case to the end of the case at 10.30 a.m. on November 22. Additional information was given to the investigating officer of the Nakhon Sawan Police Station and evidence such as photographs of identification cards. A police officer disguised as Lt. Col. Chisnupong is usually worn regularly. Money transfer documents, as well as other evidence that is considered fraudulent, cause loss of property to be provided to the police. Pol. Maj. Gen. Settawut Rodjan, director of the Nakhon Sawan Police Department, along with the deputy director of the investigation, came to receive the details before allowing the investigators to continue the interrogation in order to enter the legal process after the talk. After the victims filed a police report on Nov. 21, Lt. Gen. Akradej Pimolsri, 6th Lt. Col. Ordered that all offences be dealt with decisively. A team of investigators has been set up to investigate the case and invite the victims to be interrogated today. In respect of litigation. Police report He was found guilty of falsifying police identification documents and attire. The police and the scam cost the victims their property. It will have to wait for the victim's investigation to be completed before concluding the case in the case of further charges. After interrogating the victims and gathering evidence, they will be sent to the agency. The accused came to investigate and prosecute the case. This story confirms that P.W.6 He specifically ordered the police to take decisive action against the police in this situation, because if left unchecked, it could cause further distress to the overall picture of the police industry in the future. Maj. Gen. Tananthorn Rattanasitpak The NCPO said it had ordered the establishment of a fact-finding committee. however 1st Police Department Report to the investigating officer, Dusit Police Department. In the 2 offenses against the state, namely, forgery of police officers and dressing in imitation of police officers of the rank of Lt. Col., while personal offenses were arranged for the victim to meet with his superiors on the same morning, but the victim asked to postpone it. It's not. The agency has taken relevant steps to ensure fairness to both the victims and the perpetrators, pending the conclusion of the disciplinary action from the Investigation Committee. Confirm that when an offence has been committed. The agency will investigate all cases without helping the perpetrators, the reporter added, adding that on November 21, Lt. Col. Thirawat Boonyok, director of the 1st Guards Corps of Police, was arrested. Issue an order appointing a committee to investigate the case. Lieutenant Colonel Chisnupong Thongprathuang, Group Commander, 2nd Battalion, 1st Guards Regiment Alleged Disciplinary action The complainant was deceived by S.T. Chisnupong Basic information and evidence are as follows: Police officer's id card with photo of police uniform Lt. Col. Photo of personal driver's license rank The Police Commissioner has circumstances, namely: Senator Chisnupong deceived the complainant that he was in office. To associate with the complainant. By forging police identification documents and wearing rank uniforms. Until the complainant was convinced and damaged. The complainant wished to take disciplinary action in the matter and therefore appointed a fact-finding committee to complete the investigation in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed and proposed the investigation for consideration.
2 cases of "two girls" pornography|Police said they published pornographic videos of two young men between the ages of 13 and 18 on the "LINE" app. The boy's video was then published online. Initially, the investigators organized a search for LINE members in Bangkok, Uttaradit and Chiang Mai provinces at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) headquarters at 10.30 a.m. on November 22. Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Surapong Chatsut, Deputy Chief of Army Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Pattanapong Sripinka, 2nd Lt. Col., along with the officers involved in the operation, announced the results of the search operation to arrest the accused in the case of seducing the boy to take videos. The first case arrested Mr. Worameth or Gen Thuan Im, aged 26, under Criminal Court Warrant No. 2438/2565 dated November 9, 2022, for the purpose of trafficking or involvement in the trade of child pornography. Caught at a game store inside a shopping mall in Minburi, Bangkok, according to the investigation team Kg.2. A secret LINE group called "FA Vip" was found to be smuggling pornography of boys between the ages of 13 and 18. Most clips are striptease clips showing the boy's genitals and self-help. The group had to pay a fee of 500 baht, and the police investigated until they learned that Mr. Worameth or Gen was the line administrator. Use a good-looking female image to create a profile. Tuck talks to a high school boy who looks good in an affair. He then tricked him into sending him a video of masturbation and a ploy to send him a video of masturbation in exchange, but when he got the clip, he sold it to a secret line group that was created. More than 100 boys were tricked into filming pornographic videos. More than 100 children were arrested in connection with the arrest warrant of Criminal Court No. 2422/2565 dated November 9, 2022 for trafficking in persons for the wrongful exploitation of pornography or the production or dissemination of pornographic materials. The act is committed against a person under the age of fifteen years, depriving a child under fifteen years of age, inducing, encouraging or consenting to the child's unreasonable behavior and using, inducing, inciting, encouraging or consenting to the child to commit obscene acts. The group "BB Group VIP" has more than 500 members and distributes pornographic images and clips of boys, such as videos of sexual intercourse between transgender women and schoolgirls under the age of 18 in school uniforms. According to the investigation, a 16-year-old boy who appeared in the secret line group was approached by a transgender gangster on his personal Twitter account and persuaded to have sex with the gangster at a villa in Pathum Thani. Before publishing it in the actual line group. The suspect was previously investigated by the police. Kg2 He was arrested and charged with similar offences last month. Jul was on bail but returned to commit the same offence after completion. Maj. Gen. Saruti Sopha The Police Chief revealed that as the investigation expanded, a number of clues were found among the members of the said line, so the court asked the court to issue search warrants at 4 locations in Bangkok, Uttaradit and Chiang Mai provinces. If found guilty, they must be prosecuted for possession of child pornography for sexual exploitation of themselves or others.
Police wading through the crackdown. Break the football betting cycle, dread the child Lost youth, victims|The 2022 Fifa World Cup will be held from November 20 to December 18, with eight stadiums in Qatar set to take place in Qatar. Meanwhile, the Royal Thai Police has issued an announcement to urgently publicize the measures to prevent and combat gambling in the prediction of the World Cup results. The 22nd time, because of the dreaded new players will fall into the gambling orbit, information from everywhere agrees that gambling has entered every nook and cranny. Almost all over the house, all over the city. Adults have entered a vicious circle of online gambling that allows betting on all forms of football predictions. In order to attract the attention of players, therefore, football online gambling has come back to life, although in the past there has been a serious crackdown, but it is not completely caught, because opening in the form of online gambling must admit that it is easy to do with just one click from a mobile phone or computer. Especially online betting. Bookmakers set up a table to accept or pitch a set of balls, with new amateur dealers and new bookmakers, as well as the original old dealers. Old bookmakers who have entered the gambling empire with intention, want to try and want to make money with shortcuts, making this World Cup predicted that betting nationwide will have a higher limit. 75 billion bahtSPONSORED Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said the police were concerned about gambling during the World Cup. Especially children. Young people who may be easily drunk Because gambling is also one of the causes of other types of crimes, investigations and arrests are being expedited. The deputy chief of police, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, who is in charge of the anti-suppression work, is responsible and assigned Pol. Maj. Gen. Panurat Lakboon, deputy chief of police, to be the controller by instructing all units to set up a center to prevent and suppress football betting at the level of director general or deputy chief of staff to control and order concrete results.  The unit has intensified patrols at service locations. Entertainment venues Hotel Food Shop Beverages, internet cafes, game stores, or any other place open for the World Cup. To prevent and investigate the arrest of predictions during the live broadcast, as well as to integrate with all sectors in the opening of football betting whistleblowing channels, such as by direct telephone call with the head of the unit or various forms of communication that are easily accessible." Monitor and monitor online gambling, including gambling propaganda. If found, conduct an investigation, arrest, and if it is deemed that the website can be closed. Coordinate with relevant authorities as soon as possible and, upon arrest, investigate and prosecute co-offenders. supporter The capitalists behind it The dealer both accepts direct predictions and gambles online if the organizer of the gambling is not authorized. The total amount of the offense is 5,000,000 baht or more, or the provision of electronic gambling is a fundamental offense under Section 3 (9) of the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542. Punishable by imprisonment of 1 to 10 years or a fine of 20,000 baht to 200,000 baht or both. Youth, Students Lost students are victims. Some people think it's fun. The police have given all units, all headquarters, to expedite public relations through all channels to communicate to the public about the penalties of gambling, especially integration with educational institutions. Schools, educate, campaign against all forms of gambling prevention measures. Create a sense of control for children. It has instructed the nationwide authorities to take strict legal action against those who gamble on football matches and bet on online predictions, as well as those who arrange to play. In addition, it has instructed all police officers not to get involved. Both as a player. Have an interest or claim benefits, whether directly or indirectly. If violations are found, both criminal and disciplinary action will be taken strictly and the supervisors will closely monitor their subordinates." No one is rich because of gambling. Parents are asked to help keep their children from becoming victims of all forms of football betting. Thai people are invited to cheer on sports creatively. Do not interfere with football betting to help stop the gambling cycle. 1441 or PCT Center 08-1866-3000 or 191, 1599 24 hours a day." POLICE CHIEF PANURAT LAKBOON SAID THE ROYAL THAI POLICE ATTACHED IMPORTANCE TO BETTING ON WORLD CUP RESULTS. There is particular concern for children and young people who may be victims of football betting scams. Therefore, measures to prevent and suppress illegal gambling in predictions of the World Cup results have been established. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Police, and I are in charge, supervising and directing all operational units nationwide to deploy uniformed and undercover police officers. Inspect entertainment facilities Hotels, restaurants, internet cafes, and game stores that broadcast the World Cup live and directed the agencies in charge of technological crime prevention and suppression by integrating cooperation with all sectors to prevent gambling predictions. In the overall dimension of prevention, campaigns and public relations must be coordinated. Today's meeting will direct all HQ to campaign. Promote the effects of gambling and create awareness in the public, private and public sectors. Therefore, there are concerns about whether there will be individuals or young people playing or being involved in predicting the outcome of this World Cup." Online scams The Royal Thai Police has already made it a priority. But the current situation that will intensify is that there is a World Cup, which may be difficult to control because online gambling sites have servers abroad. Therefore, there is a strict enforcement of the law, anything related to the Money Laundering Act must be seized and seized faster, and money laundering laws will be enforced. There are many agencies working to help each other. Ministry of Digital Economy and Society When detecting illegal websites, it is necessary to block such sites. Arrests have been made. But this World Cup, the police are concerned that there will be a walkout. Therefore, it has been determined that if there is a case of setting up an on-ground or walking table near the educational institution, the "Superintendent of Police Station" will be responsible according to Order 234/2558, which will have a central set to investigate the case of the football betting table, which is currently rarely encountered due to the shift to an online format. And tens of thousands of websites have been monitored. The best thing to do at the moment is to strictly enforce the law, bring the Money Laundering Act as much as possible, so I would like to remind children, young people, families and parents to tell their children if they are involved in football betting predictions will have a history of logging into online gambling sites. If the police search and arrest online gambling players, they may lose their future because they may be called to acknowledge the allegations of illegal gambling. The clip you say may be advertised to persuade others to gamble. Please be warned that an offence under Section 12 of the Gambling Act carries a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 2 years or a fine not exceeding 2,000 baht, and if found guilty, strictly follow the law. Have an interest or claim benefits, whether directly or indirectly. If violations are found, both criminal and disciplinary action is strictly prohibited. Finally, the Royal Thai Police asked for cooperation to the people, parents, and guardians. Schools and educational institutions are helping to monitor children closely. In order not to interfere with football betting and to alert the public. Football prediction betting is illegal.
Chinese woman stabbed to death with 27 wounds The russian boy attack|Knife-wielding woman stabbed 27-year-old Chinese woman to death in 12-year-old shopping mall He then threatened to share pornographic photos of himself on social media, arranged to talk and walked away, angry and stabbing. Investigators found overstays in the case of a Chinese woman who stabbed a Chinese woman to death in the bathroom of Urban Square shopping center, Soi Prachachuen 12, Thung Song Hong Subdistrict. Initially, the deceased was found lying in the bathroom. A total of 27 knife wounds were inflicted on the attackers and waited to surrender to police. Before being detained According to the news release, on the evening of November 22, 2022, the reporter received a report that, upon examination, it was found that the deceased was named. Ms. Xiong Ziyi, 24 years old, 4th year student in International Business Graduate Business School students using student visas to enter Thailand and are found to be overstaying or overstaying. The perpetrator was Ms. Tang Jun, 36, an online seller. Use a tourist visa to enter Thailand and expire (overstay) as well. Ms. Tang Jun testified through an interpreter that she had previously been hired for Miss Chung Si Yi (deceased) came as an interpreter to talk to her Russian boyfriend. All of which are known through the WeChat app. Popular in China. Miss Tang Jun (the perpetrator) caught the deceased having an intimacy and was secretly in a relationship with her Russian boyfriend. Therefore, the deceased was angry that the deceased had been secretly talking. Later, the Miss Tang Jun ordered the deceased to stop messing with her Russian boyfriend. Ms. Chong Si Yi (deceased) refused to quit and claimed that if she interfered with the disturbance, she would publish naked pictures and clips of Ms. Tang Jun (the perpetrator) via WeChat. BUT IN THE PAST, HE HAS NOT SEEN THE PICTURES CLAIMED BY THE DECEASED, BUT BELIEVES THAT THERE SHOULD BE, BECAUSE HE HAS SEEN THE DECEASED AND HIS BOYFRIEND GO AROUND TOGETHER, AND IF THOSE PICTURES ARE TRUE, IT MAY BE THE BOYFRIEND WHO SENT IT TO SPONSORED. In Urban Square, but we don't know anything about each other. When he finished eating, he walked out of the restaurant at the same time, and in a fit of anger, he took the knife weapon prepared and stabbed the deceased once, then the deceased tried to run away to the toilet. After interrogation, the officers detained him. Ms. Tang Jun took control of the control room and charged her with intentionally killing another person, carrying a knife weapon in the city, community, public way without reasonable cause. Continue legal proceedings.
The court granted bail to 1 l. ex-nephew. Deputy Minister of State for Rape of Celebrities Do not interfere with witnesses outside the PTT.|"Corrections" releases "M. Apidit", the former nephew The defendant in the case of sexual assault of the actress After the lawyer filed the insurance securities of 1 million baht. He was released on November 22, 2022 at the Bangkok Special Prison. Chaengwattana The Department of Corrections has released him. Mr. Apidit Indulak Former nephews Minister of Foreign Affairs The defendant is accused of "raping an actress to review a product" at a resort. Nak Niwas Road After last morning. The defendant's lawyer filed a petition with securities, a bank passbook of a commercial bank. Value 1 Million Baht It is a security bond requesting temporary release pending consideration. The court then granted the defendant bail pending trial, charging a bail price of 1 million baht. The court also imposed conditions prohibiting the defendant from intimidating witnesses and tampering with evidence in the case, as well as prohibiting him from leaving the kingdom unless authorized by the court at 21.15 a.m. the same day (November 22). Mr. Apidit Indulak, or "M. Apidit", was temporarily released from prison to freedom, where relatives prepared clothes to change. Mr M declined to be interviewed, quickly walking to his car and giving his mother a hug, before leaving the car to go home immediately.
Police officer kills carbomber after police officer kills police officer|Police chief meets to expedite team to solve car bomb case Narathiwat police flats are preparing to offer gratuity to promote "Lt. Col. Suttirak" to "Pol. Maj. Gen." to provide care to the families of the injured at 6 p.m. on Nov. 22, 2022. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Police, with Lt. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Assistant Lt. Gen. Nandet Yoy nuan P.O. Box 9 Maj. Gen. Piyawat Chalermsri, Deputy Chief of Staff, P.O.9 Maj. Gen. Prabpal Memongkol Deputy Superintendent P.W.9, Narathiwat Police Station and forensic officers went to the area to investigate the scene of the car bombing. In the area of the police flat, Narathiwat Police Station, 1 person was killed, namely Lt. Col. Suttirak Panthiniya, Deputy Police Commissioner of Narathiwat City, while leaving for duty. Another 43 people were injured and a flat in the building. The car was damaged a lot, and then the police officer and the group went to the meeting room. Narathiwat City Police to call the investigation department to urgently solve the case. THE POLICE OFFICER AND HIS TEAM THEN WENT TO NARATHIWAT RATCHANAKARIN HOSPITAL TO VISIT ALL THE INJURED AND PROVIDE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERING. One person was killed and 43 injured, according to a follow-up hearing. P.W.9 has reported that there has been a lot of progress. Both forensic evidence and CCTV initially showed that the perpetrator was dressed like a police officer. Drive in, park, leave and escape. Further in-depth details are yet to be released, but they insist they will speed up the investigation. As for the relief efforts, he ordered that P.W.9 and P.J.Narathiwat hastened to solve the problem for subordinates who were in trouble. Provide temporary housing and expedite repairs to damaged flats, as well as put in place intensive safety measures to prevent a repeat of the incident in the event of a fatality. Capt. Suttirak Pantaniya, Deputy Commissioner of Narathiwat City Police (assigned to oversee traffic and security duties) primary The Director-General has ordered to offer a special gratuity in return by requesting a salary deferral of 7 steps, requesting the royal rank to be Major General and the insignia not exceeding 2 layers of insignia, as well as providing assistance in taking care of other special benefits such as funeral allowance, 3 times the final salary, inheritance gratuity, assistance under the Criminal Compensation Act, welfare fund. Sq., Assistance from Police Maids Association, Special monthly pension for heirs, Annual scholarship/monthly subsistence allowance for children, Compensation from the SEC (S.E.B.T.), Life insurance compensation, welfare allowance from Por 9, Grants from Saijai Thai Foundation, funeral expenses from veterans organizations, special filling of heirs to police service, as well as other related benefits, initially totaled approximately 3,774,760 baht. The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister are concerned about the situation. He ordered to take care of the welfare and morale of the local police officers and to expedite the investigation and follow up with the criminals to prosecute them quickly.
Conscripts visit pubs. Flirting with a boxer in front of the store The return leg was followed by a fire.|"Young recruits" just left home, went to hang out with their aunt, had an affair with a thief in front of a pub. Police rushed to chase the shooter at 2 a.m. on Nov. 23, 2022. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Mrs. Rong Police Station, Buriram province, received a report of a person being shot in front of a auto parts store near the red light intersection of Wat Khun Kong. Nang Rong Municipality Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, was injured, so she coordinated the emergency medical team, Nang Rong Hospital, and Siam Ruamjaipuin Rescue Team. Investigators at the scene found one injured man, known as General Sarrak. Wisetphan, 21, a resident of Buriram province, who is an enlisted soldier under the Royal Thai Air Force Regiment. Air Force Commander Yothin was lying unconscious on the edge of the footpath. The condition was shot in the right side of the frame. The bullet pierced the lungs and the rescuers rushed to the rescue heart pump, but found no vital signs. Authorities believe he died at the scene because he was shot at a critical spot. In addition, a black Honda Wave motorcycle with Bangkok registration, which was the deceased's car, was also found parked at the scene. Mr. Tewut Sinpru, 36, the aunt of the deceased, who was present at the incident, said that the deceased was an enlisted soldier and had just returned to stay at the house for about 3-4 days and asked him to visit the pub. At first, he was driving in a different car, and before the incident, he didn't know what he had to do with the teenagers in the pub. He suddenly saw his grandchildren being punched by a teenager, and his aunt came to his aid, and then the pub's cards separated, and the people dispersed. He was worried about his grandchildren because he had just had an affair. Then one of the teenagers pulled out a gun and shot but did not hit before driving, followed by 1 shot again until The Lan lost his footing. He saw his grandson being shot in the frame, so he immediately called rescuers to help. HE REMEMBERED THE PERPETRATOR'S FACE BUT INSISTED THAT HE HAD NEVER KNOWN EACH OTHER BEFORE AND DID NOT KNOW IF HE HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH HIS GRANDCHILDREN BEFORE. Mr. Warabdin Rungrojchaikul Siam Ruamjai Puin rescue chief said that after being informed that someone had been shot in a coma, he rushed out to help. Upon arriving at the scene, the injured man was found lying motionless on the edge of the footpath. He then tried to pump the life-saving heart for about 10 minutes, but found no vital signs. He is thought to have died. Police have tracked down cctv footage to speed up the search for the teenager who committed the crime in accordance with legal procedures.
Revealing images The man is suspected. "Car bomb" attacks police flats in Narathiwat city center|A suspected man has been arrested for allegedly hitting a police flat in Narathiwat city centre. Found dressed like an officer. Wear a field belt, carry a pistol at the waist. Wearing black gloves in the case of a car bomb explosion in the area of the police flat of Narathiwat Police Station, initially killed 1 person, Lt. Col. Suttirak Panthiniya, deputy police commissioner of Narathiwat City Police Station, while on duty and injured 43 others. The car suffered a lot of damage. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, along with his team, went to the scene of the accident and called a meeting of the investigation department to expedite the resolution of the case. Drive in, park, leave and escape. More in-depth details are yet to be released, but they insist they will speed up the investigation of the suspect, most recently on November 23, 2022. After examining cctv cameras installed at the police flat at the scene, it was found to be a man with a decent haircut. Wear a grey collared shirt and black or navy trousers. Wear a field belt, carry a pistol at the waist. Wear black gloves.
Quick "Big Joke" Ordered a raid on the house of "Hao". Chinese capitalist "Jinling"|Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, ordered an investigation team to search the house of "Huo Hao". On November 23, 2022, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, ordered a search of Ladawan village. Rama 5, Mr. Chainat's residence Kornchayanan or Tu Hao Chinese capitalist with the name Associated with Jinling Karaoke Yannawa police station area that was arrested for a large amount of drugs after the court approved the arrest warrant according to the investigating officer, Yannawa Police Station gathered evidence before the court. The offences include the distribution of class 1 narcotic drugs (E heroin) which is intended to be sold for commercial purposes which affects the security of the state, joint distribution of class 2 psychotropic substances which are intended for sale, conspiracy to commit serious drug-related offenses.
"The Cabinet" surrendered. Deny having anything to do with drugs.|Cabinet Hao surrendered. He also denied having anything to do with drugs. As for bail, let the lawyer take action. A cordoned off at 1:00 p.m. on November 23, 2022, at the Police Club. Mr. Chainat Kornchayanan, or Tu Hao, accompanied by his lawyer, went to surrender to the investigators in the gray Chinese capitalist case after being issued an arrest warrant by the South Bangkok Criminal Court for conspiracy by two or more persons to commit drug-related offenses. He conspired to commit drug-related offenses, drug trafficking and possession of psychotropic substances for sale. However, if the police have evidence to issue an arrest warrant, they will be informed by a lawyer, and the bail issue will be handled by a lawyer at 3:00 p.m. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy commander of the National Police, will announce the results of the search and surrender.
Captured, then the gunman spliced to shoot the conscripts. In a pub, he was convicted of drug offences and just got out of jail.|Police officers followed up with smoke. A gunman riding in a police car shoots an enlisted soldier, killing him. Knotted together in a pub Admittedly, we never knew each other before. He has a history of drug offenses and has recently been released from prison. Last month On November 23, 2022, the police investigating The Nang Rong Police Station, Nang Rong District, Buriram Province, arrested Mr. Peerapong Hardrit or Aum, 24 years old, at 177 Moo 5, Nong Pluang Subdistrict, Chamni District, Buriram Province, with a .38-caliber Thai firearm at his residence. After 02.00 a.m., the police used the firearm to shoot Army General Sarrak Wisetphan, 21 years old, at 13 Moo 5, Hua Road. A.Nangrong Buriram Enlisted Soldiers under the Royal Thai Air Force Regiment Air Force Command until his death. The incident happened at 2 a.m. At the entrance to the PT pump, near the red light intersection of Wat Khun Kong. In Nang Rong Municipality Chokchai-Det Udom Road In addition, the police detained 2 persons in the video in front of the pub, Mr. Aakom Niamkulchon, 22, and Mr. Daeng Youth, 17, for questioning. Then there were 2 deceased people sitting at a table next to each other but did not know each other before. At first, they greeted each other well. When they got up and danced, they apologized when the soldiers got drunk harder. Let's start asking about it. The word "hungry brother?" was used, and then the word was used all the time, until the pub stopped, walked out, and the deceased still came to invite punches. Use the same word "Are you hungry?" the deceased began to clench his hands as if to punch, so they took action, before rallying and then the guards of the shop separated and let the group and the deceased group separate in different directions, and he and his friend drove home. After that, I don't know what happened to Mr. Peerapong or Um. The gunman said that he was drinking and eating and suddenly the deceased came to find out about him until he punched him, but he was still angry, so he drove by and used a pistol to protect himself. Put your left hand to shoot, your right hand to drive, the first shot can't be fired, so you can put 1 more bullet to shoot. This time, the shot was right and then drove home. Mr. Chatakorn Singh, 22, did not know where he was driving, while Mr. Theerawut Sinpru, 36, the aunt of the deceased, who was sitting on the back of his grandson at the time of the incident, said that he admitted that he should have gone to the party first, but it was a drunken fight. It is unlikely to be fatal to the police charging Mr. Peerapong or Um. The gunman deliberately killed the deceased. Others will re-investigate whether they were involved. If he interferes, he will file further charges against the accused, Mr. Um. He had recently been convicted of drug offences and had just been released from prison. Last month Last June I've been ordained before and recently posted TikTok with friends in a fun way before coming to the scene a few days after the post.
Police arrest Hmong gang for transporting 1.6 million methamphetamine pills from Chiang Rai to Bangkok customers|Police arrest Hmong ethnic network for transporting 1.6 million methamphetamine pills From Chiang Rai to Bangkok and metropolitan areas The prosecution is preparing to expand the search for the main culprit to prosecute and seize the entire movement on November 23, 2022. Sarasin Deputy Superintendent (Km.) As The Director of The Police Department, Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai The Commissioner of Police commanded the Maj. Gen. Phat Wisetsing THE DIRECTOR OF POLICE, LED THE INVESTIGATION AND ARREST OF THE DRUG TRAFFICKING NETWORK. Mr. Netipong Sae-wong, 22, Mr. Nopadet Sae-song, 28, and Mr. Ekap Sae-he, 35, all three are ethnic Hmong. and Mr. Chakkrit Suayrak, 53, with 1.6 million methamphetamine pills. A gray Isuzu D-Max pickup truck, registration Number 394 Phitsanulok, which was used to hide drugs, and a Honda Civic sedan, registration Sept. 2637 Lampang, a BMW sedan, registration W.P. 3569, Bangkok, SPONSORED, caught at a PTT gas station on Kamphaeng Phet-Sukhothai Road. Rabbit Hunter Rabbit Hunter Police in Kamphaeng Phet province said they knew that there was an ethnic Hmong tribe in Umphang province and that they found a pickup truck and a sedan to smuggle drugs from Chiang Rai province to customers in Bangkok and nearby provinces regularly. Found in an Isuzu pickup truck. Mr. Nopadet and Mr. Universe were in the car and discovered 16 cloth bags containing 100,000 methamphetamine pills each. He was arrested along with the police chief, he said, adding that he had arrested one more person, Mr. Chakkrit Chao, of Lopburi province, in the parking lot. Tesco Lotus Samchuk Samchuk District, Suphanburi province, with BMW sedan, registration NUMBER 3569, Bangkok. In addition, 1 suspect, Songpol Chomchuen, who lived during the skirmish, drove a sedan and escaped. The arrest is currently underway and all charges are pending, along with those who fled. Distribution by means of the sale of class 1 narcotics (methamphetamine) which causes an impact on the security of the state or the safety of the general public, causing its spread among the public. Take the transmitter The NCPO prosecuted the case and expanded the network's results to the next command-level body.
The family moved in with relatives. Some of them have stayed in the stadium.|At the police flats, some police officers rushed to clean up their homes and collect their personal belongings, most of whom had to move to relatives' homes. Meanwhile, until the other sections coordinated the accommodation of the KGT in the stadium on November 23, 2022, several officers were still working to clean up the police flats of the Narathiwat Police Station where the car bombing occurred. Yesterday (Nov 22) Two four-storey flats were damaged and 70 per cent of the buildings were damaged. The wife of the police officer rushed in to clean up the items in the room. Ms. Isara Sangsukneo, 29, told reporters that on the second floor, the owner came to clean the room. Keep a clean room as it is a private room. He was on the second floor with a 2-year-old child yesterday when he was with his children and heard an explosion, but luckily he was not injured. I took my baby to the doctor yesterday, then stayed at my sister's house and came back to clean up today. As for the police officers and their families living in the police flats, 70 police officers from Narathiwat police have coordinated with the KGB. Narathiwat province has requested temporary use of rooms inside the football stadium, where 40 police officers and their families live.
Deputy Director general of the 4th Region Deputy Prime Minister receives narathiwat car bomb, affecting confidence and stability of the government|The Deputy Director general of the 4th Region Police Department admitted that the car bomb attack on the police flats of Narathiwat city police affected the confidence and stability of the government. The group believed to be a movement by reason until the police did not rule out any issues at 10.05 a.m. on November 23, 2022. The Deputy Commissioner of Police Region 4, in front, went to the police officer's flat. Narathiwat City Police Station, located on Suriyapradit Rd. Narathiwat Municipality, where the car bombing took place. The incident occurred at noon on November 22, 2022, killing one person and injuring 45. Ms. Pongsak Thongsai Chief Of Staff Mr. Preecha Nuannoi, Permanent Secretary of Narathiwat Province, was greeted by Maj. Gen. Jeffrey, Director of the Narathiwat Police Department. Maj. Gen. Pramot, Deputy Chief of Staff, Region 4, Front See the crime scene, where there are police officers. Narathiwat city officials and Narathiwat police officers are helping to restore the site by sweeping and transporting debris, which are car wrecks and other buildings for disposal. After being bombed by the police. It takes about 20 minutes before returning. Maj. Gen. Pramot, Deputy Chief of Staff, Region 4, Front "First of all, we would like to express our condolences to the families and relatives of the deceased and injured. After the incident, the Prime Minister ordered the 4th Region Police Department to expedite the relief efforts. Legal measures and raising the level of security to be the most secure By the commander of Region 4 Has expedited to take action on 3 big matters: 1. Remedies. The B.E.C. came in to assess the damage to lead to the rescue. 2. Law enforcement: The officers already know the whereabouts of the culprit because the car used to commit the crime has not been reported missing or robbed. See if there is a link to the mob. 3. Enhancing security But in fact, we have a strict plan for security since the APEC meeting, but the villains took advantage of the gaps, thus raising the level of security at various checkpoints, which may cause inconvenience to the public. The director of the 4th Division of the Front Office also said that he accepted that the culprit had committed the crime. It affects the confidence and stability of the government. The culprits committed crimes in the southern border provinces. The people who committed the crime were all a group of movements. We have not ruled out any single issue, whether it is political, the ideology of the movement, or even the complications. Don't want society to forget. When law enforcement officers ask everyone to understand.
World Cup Betting Police arrested 656 dealers, players, and dealers.|assistant Police chief announces arrest for world cup betting scam 656 accused, 11 dealers, 5 passers-by, 640 gamblers On November 23, 2022, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters Maj. Gen. Panurat Lakboon, Assistant The Director-General revealed the results of the prevention and suppression of gambling predictions of the 22nd World Cup, saying that since the opening of the Center for the Prevention and Suppression of Illegal Gambling predictions of the 22nd World Cup, the following arrests were made on November 22, 2022. 411 suspects were arrested, including 3 dealers, 404 players and 4 players, while 43 suspects were arrested for betting on World Cup results through websites or internet media. A total of 487 football tickets totaling 79,440 baht and cash of 11,150 baht were issued from November 19-22. The arrest of 587 suspects, divided into 9 dealers, 573 players and 5 walkers, resulted in the arrest of betting on World Cup predictions through websites or internet media. A total of 729 balls were issued, amounting to 151,820 baht in bets and 39,240 baht in cash.
The gunman's mother bowed to the mother of the soldier who was shot dead. Mrs. Rong detained for plotting in a pub. |The gunman's mother shot the soldiers and asked the deceased mother to replace her child. Meanwhile, Mrs. Rong detained her to make a confession plan. Another co-conspirator named "Ton", the owner of the gun, escaped. now Police are gathering evidence for an arrest warrant on November 23, 2022, in the case of Mr. Peerapong Hardrit or Aum, 24, a villager. Moo 5, Nongpluang Subdistrict, Chamni District, Buriram Province, armed with a .38-caliber Thai firearm, driving a motorcycle with Mr. Chatakorn Singh or a bear, 22 years old, sitting in the back seat. General Sornrak Wisetpan, 21 years old, villager M.5 T.Hua Thanon A.Nangrong Buriram Enlisted soldiers under the Royal Thai Air Force Regiment Air Force Command until his death. The incident happened at 2 a.m. At the entrance to the PT pump, near the red light intersection of Wat Khun Kong. In Nang Rong Municipality Chokchai-Det Udom Road Later, the police. Mrs. Rong was able to arrest Mr. Peerapong or Um along with 2 others, according to the news release. Mr. Um, the accused, confessed to the police that after an altercation with the deceased soldier in front of the pub, he called another friend named Mr. Vajrawut Thammaleewan or Ton, 35 years old, who was not traveling together, to take out the firearm. He then waited for the deceased at the post office intersection. Suddenly, the deceased was riding a motorcycle with 2 people, namely the deceased and the aunt of the deceased. The officer then broke the gun and fired a new bullet because the gun fired one shot at a time. Therefore, he apologized to everyone who was impatient and emotional, took pity on the 2 children who will not see the father's face for a long time. Mrs. Somjit Rakchob, 48, the mother of the gunman, saw Mrs. Poonsap Wisetphan, 55, the mother of the deceased soldier, crying and asking for her son's death. Pol. Col. Anukarn Thammasat, director of the Nang Rong Police Department, said that after a thorough investigation, they all met in an entertainment venue. Then there was a quarrel. Initially, he charged Mr. Um and Mr. Ton with conspiracy to commit the crime, together possessing firearms and ammunition, intentionally killing others, possessing firearms and ammunition without the permission of the registrar, and carrying firearms and ammunition into the village town without reasonable cause. Shooting in village towns without reasonable cause Mr. Ton, who participated in the incident, is asking the court to approve the issuance of an arrest warrant.
Until The Chaiyaphum Cooperative took the title deed of its members to recover more than 20 million dollars.|Until the cooperative in Chaiyaphum secretly took the title deeds of more than 20 members to recover more than 20 million baht, the latest to tie the neck to escape the crime. The police rushed to investigate and find the participants on November 23, 2022 at the Muang Chaiyaphum Police Station, Lt. Col. Chaiwat Jaisabai. The investigating officer, Muang Chaiyaphum Police Station, was informed by Mrs. Payom Facultysuk, 54, a local villager. Moo 8, Ban Nong Na Saeng Nong Na Saeng More than 20 elderly people aged between 50-80 years old and members of a famous cooperative in Chaiyaphum province filed a lawsuit against Mrs. Bee (pseudonym), a well-known cooperative finance officer, after investigating that Mrs. Bee and them had copied land title deeds and forged signatures on loan agreements from famous cooperatives, causing the cooperative to lose more than 20 million baht. In it there are also both elderly people as well as relatives. MORE THAN 20 BEDRIDDEN PATIENTS, INCLUDING ELDERLY PEOPLE IN CHAIYAPHUM DISTRICT, AND ON AUGUST 10, 2022, MRS. BEE TIED HER NECK TO DEATH AT THE SAID RESIDENCE IN ORDER TO ESCAPE THE CRIME. It was revealed that she had taken her name and title deed to borrow a loan of 1,000,000 baht from a cooperative. A granddaughter who is the finance officer of such a cooperative. Which is a relative who has come to say that now. He was appointed as the head of the property department of the famous cooperative and the cooperative had to take the title deed to guarantee the service. He then took the title deed and signed the document, and the matter became red when he found out that a warrant from the lawyer had been sent to the house that he owed the cooperative one million baht. With interest in the amount of three hundred thousand baht, for a total of one million three hundred thousand baht. Therefore, she was shocked to contact the cooperative and learned that Mrs. B. had taken the title deed to borrow money from the said cooperative, and Mrs. B. until Mrs. Finance had tied her neck to death at the residence to escape the crime. The accused contacted him and asked him to apply for membership in the cooperative in order to be eligible for loans and welfare by bringing the title deeds of both his own and his father's land to Mrs. B. Signatures are also forged to borrow money. When he learned that the title deed had been forged for millions of baht in loans, he and his family felt stressed. I couldn't sleep at all, another victim. He said he now only hopes that the police will work together to help the villagers get justice. The villagers are not required to pay debts that they have not incurred. The villagers have no money left and there is still more debt. Nearly two million baht. Since he forged his signature, it is considered lucky that the matter came to red first. Otherwise, millions of villagers' money from this year's rice sale that will be deposited with the cooperative will also disappear, hoping that the police will prosecute the wrong people and close the loan debt from the cooperative to the villagers as soon as possible. Maj. Gen. Chaiwat Jaisabai The deputy chief of police in Chaiyaphum said the case involved a large number of damaged villagers. We have now discussed the case with the Chaiyaphum Police Department and know that the case has been notified. Now is the process of waiting for documents from the relevant authorities to see how much damage they have caused. Ask the brothers to wait a little, and everyone who is the victim will be invited. Even if the accused had been strangled to death to escape the crime, he would have to be held accountable. Because this story is known to be cheating continuously. Multiple spaces Multiple eras We are digging through the documentary witnesses, followed by the victims' witnesses", which will expedite the investigation of the evidence in order to prosecute all those involved to the end.
Relatives of "Blue Brother" Ng Mac shot his wife He was arrested for 2 days and released on bail. |The court granted bail to Mack Tungjeen, who is accused of shooting his wife. Sisters, relatives of the dead There are other cases that are kite tails, including drugs. Rape of a 5th grader A new boyfriend has filed a police report, revealing that he must have been in a panic after a fatal shooting on the street of Soi Pepe. Pho Sadet The deceased was named Miss Charanya or Fah Yothakul. The perpetrator of the crime was Mr. Anon Suttikarn or "Mac Thungchin", aged 31, the deceased husband, on the grounds of jealousy. The woman finds the man with her new boyfriend after the incident. Mr. Mack fled with a firearm on November 20, 2022 at approximately 6.30 a.m. Lt. Col. Nattawut Thongthip, Director of The Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Department, together with the police investigating Krabi Province. He was arrested at a resort. Nong Talay Subdistrict, Muang District, Krabi Province, prosecuted for negligent act causing death to others and the Firearms Act until yesterday, Lt. Col. Somchuen Thongyai, Deputy Director (Investigation) The chief investigating officer of Muang Police Station, Nakhon Si Thammarat province, has filed a charge of intentional killing with foreseeable results, prosecuting Mr. Anon Suttikarn or "Mac Thungchin" on November 23, 2022. Ms. Poi (pseudonym), 17 years old, a 5th grade student, Mr. Anon's new boyfriend or "Mac Thungchin", the multidisciplinary team conducted an investigation for several hours and will invite 2 friends of Ms. Poi who appear in the video on the day of the incident to testify in this case as well. Panchu S.W.A. (investigation) City Police, Nakhon Si Thammarat province with police force Detention Mr. Mack asked the court for custody before the Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Court. It's the first stir-fry. Meanwhile, a person applied for bail for Mr. Mack, which the court considered granting him bail. Mr. Anon Suttikarn, or "Mac Thungchin", strictly prohibited from tampering with evidence in the case, Ms. Areerat Nilawan, 24, the sister of the deceased and relatives, said that he, as the sister of Mr. Fah, who was brutally shot and killed by Mr. Mack, along with relatives, went to the Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Court. To monitor the progress of the detention, it appears that Mr. Mack has been released and walked down from the courthouse. He and his relatives were shocked and pale and puzzled by his release, despite the court's discretion or jurisdiction. Admit that relatives. As far as I know, the police confirmed that there would be no relatives seeking 4-5 lakh securities to bail and the police would oppose the bail. He and his relatives would surely live in fear. He said he and his relatives could not accept it and did not understand the law, but contrary to their feelings and behavior, they were cruel and inhuman, living with another woman and shooting his wife to death. Leaving his two children facing their fate, he also faces drug charges, the Firearms Act, and rape charges. According to the parents of Mr. Mack's new girlfriend, he was released on bail and freed. He was numb and puzzled. Mr. Mack will pay his respects to Brother Fah's body at the funeral service. He wasn't sure of Mr. Mack's thoughts and behavior, but he and his relatives didn't want him to come, because everyone wouldn't forgive Mr. Mack.
Chuvit gives evidence of Big Joke, reveals nominee "Hao cabinet" holds more than 2 billion assets|Chuvit came to the police club and handed evidence to Big Joke, revealing some of the assets of the "Hao Cabinet" and revealing the name of the female nominee who held the property instead of billions. The matter was received at 3:00 p.m. on Nov. 23, 2022, at the police club. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit came to attend the press conference of the Deputy Chief of Police with the documents prepared to be handed over to the Deputy Chief of Police, who immediately after the press conference was finished, went into the press room before handing over the documents to the Deputy Chief of Police in order to be useful in the investigation. Because this matter is important and the society is watching, I brought an important document, which is the property of Mr. Tu Hao, including a copy of the title deed of 106 rai that was mortgaged for 1,600 million baht. AND INFORMATION ABOUT A FEMALE NOMINEE WHO RUNS A COOKWARE SHOP NEAR RAMA 4 AND WHO HER PARENTS' RELATIONSHIP IS, AND TELEPHONE CONTACT INFORMATION, WHO BELIEVES THAT THERE IS NO WAY THAT SELLING COOKWARE WILL MAKE THAT MUCH MONEY TO SPONSORED, MR. CHUVIT SAID, "MY DUTIES ARE OUT OF DUTY. Today, bring a list of assets to file. Although it may be a part, it is believed that the property submitted is worth at least 2,000 million people, who have worked for 10-20 years, worked at Ratchada Soi 10, had 395 hotels, 100 rai of land, and more. Therefore, it is impossible for a woman selling cookware to own billions. I'm glad to be a part of helping in this case, insisting that after this is over, the rest will be the duty of the police, whom they trust. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, with a deposit to Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said that the society is currently watching this matter, any action is requested that you do it quickly because the arrest warrant was issued on October 16 and arrested on November 23. More than 200 million were taken to adults who had lost money along the way. How much does a woman named Patcharin have a relationship with a large adult? Mr. Chuvit replied, "It's as big as it gets, and you like to take it to adults who like to watch it." Mr. Chuvit said that after this, he wanted to go for a run in Bangsaen, but wanted to say that he wanted to shout at one person and said that this person had left to Mr. Santhana, who is considered a dangerous person. If there is still this person in this society, go and check on other people and say that if you want to check yourself, you have to look at yourself first and how you do it, not how men do it after they finish interviewing journalists. Mr. Chuvit showed a photo of a person claiming to be Patcharin, who took a picture with Tu Hao to the media, along with a message from Patcharin with a person with the message that said, 'The government has contacted me. THE WOMAN REPLIED, 'INFORMED ME THAT THERE IS NO RELEVANCE, NOT A PARTNER, NEVER COME TO THE HOTEL, SHOULD NOT PROVIDE INFORMATION'.
Big Joke Yan "Tu Hao" owns Jinling Pub. expanded foreclosure of over billions.|Big Joke reveals Jinling pub where drugs were detected There is clear evidence that "the cabinet is owned". The wife of the cabinet finds out the source of the 200 million money that was used to buy the house. The seizure of more than a billion assets was extended by the State Police at 2:30 p.m. on Nov. 23, 2022, at the Police Club. Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road, Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, made the statement after Mr. Chainat Kornchayanan, or Tu Hao. He surrendered, saying that for the arrest of the gray Chinese capitalist and nominee. As a result, there are 5 groups of gray Chinese capitalists engaged in the entertainment business in Thailand. 1. Mr. Tu Hao Group 2. Mr. David's group, 3. Yu Changfei's group, 4. Tony's group, and 5. Ming's group. Mr. David and Yu Changfei, while Tony's group is under arrest and is fleeing Thailand. Mr. Ming's group fled the country and is in the process of issuing an international arrest warrant, with the five groups having known each other, each of which will be transferred to a pub business in different areas. Therefore, an arrest warrant has been issued on the charges that have already been reported, which is the behavior of ownership, namely, regular entry and exit of the premises. Also from the financial path. Mr. Du Hao There is a list of people renting the premises and paying the rent from the inspection of Mr. Du Hao's wife. He said that 200 million baht was used to buy a house. He must point out the source of the money because the salary of a civil servant alone is unlikely to have the size of the property to buy such a house. If you can identify where it came from, you have to check the facts. Is there a fault? Mr. Du Hao's wife is the grandson of the former. Will the police have any help? He confirmed that he had spoken to all parties. The Police Commissioner is willing to prosecute the case based on the evidence presented honestly. No one was asked to take special care after the interrogation. For more than 3 hours, the officers were sent to Yanawa Police Station for further interrogation, where they will oppose bail in the investigating officer's office, and at the end of the detention petition, there will also be an objection to bail because it is a drug case related to security. Chinese authorities have found that the perpetrators have kinship ties to the Top One pub in the Sutthisan police station area, where Chinese tourists overdosed and died, as well as burglary of the deceased to destroy and burn so that there is no evidence. Eight people have been arrested on multiple charges and a baby face pub in the area. The group consisted of Thai nominees who were David's mother-in-law, and police sought a search warrant for the house. 3 luxury cars, 28 crates of liquor, 2 guns, 19 million baht in cash, police today sought a search warrant for 4 related areas. The female police officer owns the house. The value of the house is more than 200 million baht. In addition, mr. Du Hao's property was seized. In the past, police officers have mobilized to search 20 provinces and 75 points and arrest 93 suspects in the same network. P.W.6 who was involved in the case. In the manner of releasing the main accused and releasing the luxury car belonging to the central part of the case, with evidence that there was a benefit exchange of 2 million baht per car. After this, it must be expanded that there is anyone who joins the movement with a bigger position. Deputy Chief of Staff 6? I personally believe there is.
Santhana Ma encouraged. Huo revealed that he actually knew each other and served as legal counsel.|Santhana revealed. Yannawa Police Station to encourage "Huo Hao" because they knew each other and when they knew him, he did not break the law. He is a legal advisor because he already has a team. He had a wife who was a police officer when he learned of the case at 4:30 p.m. on Nov. 23, 2022. A former Special Branch police officer appeared at Yannawa Police Station during Mr. Chainat's visit. Kornchayanan or Tu Hao, 40 years old, got out of the car and controlled the accused. Mr. Santhana raised his hand and shaved it out, calling it "hao", before being detained for questioning on the 3rd floor conference room. Yannawa Police Station Mr. Santhana said today that he came to cheer. But there was no greeting or discussion, as he was in the custody process by the authorities. As for the case that Mr. Chuvit accused that he had a close acquaintance with Mr. Tu Hao, he did not know how to deny that he did not know because he had spoken before, but today everything has gone through the legal process. Of course, he wants it to be what it is today. The other side speaks on one side. Today he has exercised his rights, but before that he did not come out because he did not know what to come out of, but when there was an arrest warrant and the charges were serious, he had to be fair. Mr. Du Hao did not consult himself on the matter of surrender. As far as I know, he already has legal counsel. As for Mr. Tuo's family, he knew that his wife was a police officer. But the fact that he was in a relationship with him never interfered with personal matters and whether the case would have been linked to himself. Don't worry. THROUGHOUT HIS ACQUAINTANCE, HE HAD NEVER BEEN INVOLVED IN ANYTHING UNLAWFUL, WHICH, IF THERE WAS, HE WOULDN'T HAVE STOOD HERE, BUT THERE WERE SOME THINGS THAT WEREN'T, BUT HE COULDN'T COME OUT AND SAY IT.
World Cup Betting Police have arrested more than 3,000 dealers, players, and dealers.|assistant Police said 3,178 people were arrested for gambling at the World Cup on November 27, 2022, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Panurat Lakboon Assistant Commissioner of The Royal Thai Police The 22nd World Cup 2022 has been revealed that since the opening of the Center for the Prevention and Suppression of Illegal Gambling predictions of the 22nd World Cup, the arrests were as follows: On November 26, 2022, there was an arrest for betting on the World Cup results. 620 suspects were arrested, including 6 dealers and 314 players, while 33 players were arrested for betting on World Cup results through websites or internet media, including 653 arrests, along with 353 cards of betting, totaling 108,105 baht and 2,900 baht in cash, totaling 111,005 baht. It was also revealed that from November 19-26, 2022, there were arrests for betting on World Cup results. The arrest of 2,880 suspects consisted of 47 dealers, 2,819 players and 13 walkers. A total of 6,270 balls were played, totaling 988,766 baht, cash amounting to 94,660 baht, totaling 1,083,426 baht.
Praja The Voice went to the hotel, informed the police, was rubbed on the leg by Jai Win in Pattaya.|Singer Praja The Voice takes the break room. Pattaya City Police report that Win in Pattaya was molested while riding to a restaurant in Walking Street by being rubbed on the leg and driving to a detour. The police have followed up to investigate. At 6.30 p.m. yesterday (November 27, 2022), Ms. Yanawat Charoenathipat, 31, singer of "Praja The Voice", accompanied by her mother, went to report to The Deputy Inspector General of Police, Puttarak Teachkhamhan, Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Pattaya City Police Department. The latter was won. A pattaya city contractor molested him while delivering him to Walking Street. The Voice said he had called Win. Hired from a house in the area. Moo 6, Naklua Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, drop off at the store. Inside Walking Street, on the way to the shop, the driver wins. The police tried to molest themselves all the time, putting their hands on their legs. At first I thought he had put his hands together because he was afraid of hitting my legs. But he told Vin not to be caught, but he didn't believe it. The singer said that he actually had to come out to Central Department Store to get off the beach road, but he ran backwards and went down to the basement of Mile Shopping Mall, which was very dark and scared. When I came out on the beach road, I thought I was going to stop catching, but he still caught me. Other than that, Vin. He then made a moaning sound until he reached the shop in Walking Street where he was playing music. Therefore, I came to file a grievance because I did not want to give it. This person has to do it with someone else. Lt. Col. Kulchart Kulchai, Director, Pattaya City Police Department Knowing the matter, he ordered the investigating police officers to immediately detain the hired Winjai to investigate and prosecute the case because he already knew the shirt number and win that he was affiliated with.
Preparing for detention The case of the wife calling gig to take them to kill her husband. My friend shouldn't have come with me.|Preparing to detain 3 young men accused of attacking a room at Bang Sao Thong My wife called after giggling and stabbed her husband to death. A friend who came with a gemstone attached to the net. He was asked to help clear his wife's case on November 29, 2022, according to CCTV evidence in front of a dormitory in Muang Mai Bang Phli Housing Community, Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict, Samut Prakan Province. Mr. Premsuk Thongkhot, 24, along with 3 friends, rode and piled on a black motorcycle with no license plate to the front of the dormitory. Before breaking into one of the rooms on the 5th floor, cctv footage on the 5th floor captured. The accused reached the front of the room and knocked on the door, calling the woman to open the door. Then the door was opened. The woman walked outside and the group of accused. The cctv footage was used as key evidence obtained by the investigating police and detained all the accused for interrogation before charging the man. 3 people charged with assaulting others to death After the three broke into the room and together they used a kitchen knife to stab him in the abdomen and several bodies, Mr. Suriya Sutharat, 25, a resident of Suvarnabhumi District, Roi Et Province. He was seriously injured and was taken to Bangna 2 Hospital. Mr. Chaiya, one of the accused, was wounded with a knife in his left eyebrow. A friend took him on a motorcycle to the hospital before the officers arrived. Reporters landed in the room where the incident occurred. Traces of fighting and blood stains were found on the floor of the room, as well as on the walls next to the room. Meanwhile, the caretaker of this dormitory informed that the room was damaged. This couple rented a room for about 3 months and often talked about it because the women like to go out at night, but the men do not want to go out until they have a conversation. Recently, it was learned that there was a noise from the early evening until the incident, while the police officers of the Investigation Department of Bang Sao Thong Police Department have tracked down a group of 3 suspects, including: Premsuk Thongkrot, 24, Jirapan Hinnok, 25, and Chaiya Sriwongsa, 24, were detained by police for fingerprinting and DNA testing before charging them with assaulting others to death. In addition, the police also invited Ms. Kanittha (last name reserved), aged 22, the wife of the deceased, to interrogate and take a DNA sample as evidence for the case. My husband likes to drink beer regularly. When drunk, he often invites quarrels Until in the evening the husband went out to buy two bottles of beer until he got drunk, and then there was a noise because the husband saw him taking a shower and dressed and mistakenly thought that he was going out until he heard again And then the husband grabbed the knife and threatened to scare Therefore decided to call a close male friend who worked together Who has known and been close for more than two months to help Because the husband is drunk and has a knife Until the other party arrives with a friend when he opens the door The husband, who had a knife in his hand, slashed at his friend's eyebrows, leading to a fight and a skirmish. Finally, she found that her husband had been wounded by several teeth, so he immediately called for rescue. Mr. Premsuk, the woman's best friend. Admit to knowing and being intimate with real women because they work in the same place. In the evening before the incident, the woman called and told her to pick her up because she couldn't stand her husband, which she didn't come until late at night. He called 3 friends and brought them to the women's room to clear their minds, but when he opened the door, he was attacked by the man with a knife and wounded by the man. Mr. Jirapan Mr. Premsuk's friend said he was sleeping in his room. Until Mr. Premsuk called and pleaded to bring him to send and become a friend to help the woman, so they came.  On the side of the deceased. Relatives of the monks invited the spirits and brought the body back for religious ceremonies in their hometown of Roi Et Province. Upon enquiry, the sisters of the deceased stated that the deceased was usually a modest person, not an alcoholic, occasionally drinking. Having posted on social media is not true. In the lawsuit section Capt. Supat Chantawong Investigators at Bang Sao Thong Police Station revealed that all the accused will be taken to the Samut Prakan Provincial Court. Meanwhile, the building's custodian at the scene said there had never been an incident like this in the past. The reason why outsiders can enter the building is convenient because the residents often like to bring brooms to polish the doors. Do not bring any brooms or materials to polish the door and check it every night to prevent this from happening again.
EOD investigates the spot where the train derailed in Songkhla. The dreaded suspected object was found to be a stale bomb.|Until Lt. EOD inspected the spot where the cargo train was derailed in Songkhla province, found 1 suspected bomb, had to block the area for inspection and salvage, making it impossible to recover the cargo containers. The incident occurred in Tha Pho district. Sadao, Songkhla At noon yesterday (Dec. 3, 2022) As a result, 10 of the 15 locomotives were derailed, and four of the train's staff were last safe as early as this morning (Dec. 4, 2022). Explosives recovery unit (EOD) officers continued to thoroughly clear the area around the train derailment. Another suspected bomb was found in the area of the train derailment. It is currently under investigation, and the area around the train derailment is currently being cleared and everything is safe. However, the explosion did not affect the southern trains in both Bangkok and the 3 southernmost provinces because they were on different routes. Mr. Abdul Saherm, 32, a resident of Thepha District, Songkhla province, on October 25, 2022. Extraordinary 3 criminals in Moo 6, Ban Na Subdistrict, Chana District, Songkhla Province, and 1 person caught by finding the movement of Mr. Azman Paola. Explore the Hat Yai – Padang Besar railway line to see where the train bombings occurred yesterday.
Central World Fire 1 injured, choking on smoke It is expected to be caused by a short circuit.|Director, Pathumwan Police Department Central World fire revealed One person was injured and choked on smoke. It is estimated that the cause may be caused by the electrical system inside the photo booth short circuit at 3.00 p.m. on December 4, 2022. Revealed the case of fire in the 1st floor, Groove Zone, Central World Shopping Center, Pathumwan Subdistrict. Bangkok's Pathumwan district on Dec. 3 said one person was injured, Ms. Prabakorn Tiyabutr, who was injured when choking on smoke at the scene. The injured were taken to the police hospital. The doctor continued to stay at the hospital for 6 hours and to observe the symptoms of the injured, in addition, four witnesses at the scene testified that the booth was designed to be photographic. The structure consists of a wooden frame, a 4-square box, and the walls are plywood with decorative stickers. Inside the cabinet is placed a 12-watt LED lighting system around the seat, and in the upper corner of the box there are 2 12-watt spotlights, connected to the transformer installed behind the seat in the booth, and connect the transformer to the controller. The opening and closing time and the circuit breaker installed behind the booth and connected to the electrical connection system of the shopping center. There was no problem or maintenance by the installer at the time of the incident, another witness testified that while he was working near the crime scene, he was not aware of the problem. The flames were seen burning, so they informed the authorities and helped to carry out the initial fire control, but were unable to control the fire. afterwards The shopping center's firefighters mobilized to spray water and block the area, allowing the fire to be extinguished and later smoke vented. After examining the CCTV footage, it was found that before the flames started, there was an electric light inside the photo booth, similar to the appearance of electrical shock. Shortly thereafter, less than 40 seconds later, the flames broke out. The Forensic Division officers, along with bangkok and shopping center staff, jointly inspected the damage. The escalator area and surrounding ceilings were damaged by the fire. One person was injured in the smoke suffocation, and the police inspected the witnesses as electrical electronic components. Initially, it was assumed that it was caused by a short circuit of the electrical system inside the said booth.
Remind to link your bank account to an online shopping app Cyber police recommend 8 preventive measures|A spokesman for the NCPO warned against tying bank accounts to pay for goods with various applications, suggesting 8 ways to prevent crimes of fraudsters on December 4. As well as being wary of entering financial information through fake websites or fake applications, social media has presented news about victims tying their bank accounts to online sales applications. Later, it was learned that the money in the account was used to pay for several goods, damages of more than 50,000 baht, without knowing the reason, the Police Investigation Division investigated technological crimes. The Director-General of the MINISTRY has driven the policy of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense and Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, who are concerned about the dangers of scams through social media channels. This is especially true in relation to online financial transactions and online trading. He urged relevant authorities to urgently put in place measures to prevent and crack down on all forms of online offenses continuously and seriously. And create awareness of preventive measures for the public. WHOEVER MISUSES ANOTHER PERSON'S ELECTRONIC CARD IN A MANNER LIKELY TO CAUSE DAMAGE TO OTHERS OR THE PUBLIC SHALL BE PUNISHED WITH IMPRISONMENT NOT EXCEEDING 5 YEARS OR A FINE NOT EXCEEDING 100,000 BAHT OR BOTH. B.S.C. He added that if people or organizations are damaged, they can report to the investigating officers in all areas to investigate, identify the perpetrators and bring them to prosecution in accordance with the procedures of the law. As follows 1. Avoid having automatic bank account debits. 2. Use cash on delivery or pay via QR code instead.2. A bank account linked to or linked to an online shopping application should have a small amount of money in the account.3. Avoid clicking on links or installing unknown applications. 5. Avoid unreliable online transactions that require filling in the number on the front of the card and the 3-digit code on the back of the card (CVV)6. Take an opaque sticker to cover the 3-digit code on the back of the card (CVV) or remember the 3-digit code and use sandpaper to remove the code number from the back of the card to ensure daily spending.8. If you find any abnormalities in your bank account or credit card, please notify your bank to suspend your card and decline online payments. If damaged, check the statements. Collect relevant documents to report to the investigating officer in accordance with legal procedures or find clues to wrongdoing. If you have any problems, please contact our hotline at 1441 or call 081-866-3000 24 hours a day and report online at www.thaipoliceonline.com website.
Plumber brutally kills snatched cab, ex-hostess Contact hired to repair water pipes, alone, see there is property.|Police arrested a plumber for brutally killing a former air hostess in a toilet. Luxury house in Nuan Chan After the deceased was hired to repair the plumbing. Payment timing via iPad banking app The deceased resisted the fight, was tied up, tied his hands and feet with adhesive tape, strangled Zhuang, stabbed his body to death. Before dismantling the property as a necklace. A gold bracelet weighing 15 baht and a car of the deceased escaped. Finally, he was caught just one day after his body was found, the robbery incident was revealed at 10.00 a.m. on December 4 at Khok Kham Police Station. Petty 2nd Lieutenant Dr. Surapong Thampitak Deputy Chief of Staff 2 Lt. Col. Akarapol Toya, 2nd Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Rewat Chitraua, Ph.D. (Investigation) 2nd Army Investigation Group, Acting Director, Kokkram Police Department, Lt. Col. Soyampoo Kuljittisirotm Deputy Commissioner of Police, Kokkram Police Department, Investigation Department 2nd ed. Investigation Department Khok Kham police and police officers Bangbuathong Police Station, Nonthaburi province, jointly announced the arrest of Mr. Virulh or Yo Boonpook, 28 years old, according to a criminal court arrest warrant dated December 3, 2022. Intentional killing and robbery causing death to others. Ready of medium Mazda brand cars Model CX5 Blue Registration 4 Jul 1889 Bangkok Car Mazda 3 White registration Korcha 8229 Chainat Gold necklace 10 baht 1 gold bracelet 5 baht 1 gold bracelet 1 gold plate 1 piece 1 box for red gold 1 iPad air conditioner 2 mobile phones 1 black shoulder bag License plate 1689 Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya 1 PAD SPONSORED BY POL. MAJ. GEN. ATTAPOL ANUSIT Police said that at 7.30 a.m. on Dec. 3, Khok Kham police received a report of a person who had died at a house in a luxury village on Klong Lam Chiak Road. The deceased was a 54-year-old woman who was lying face down in the bathroom on the ground floor, both hands tied behind her back and her neck covered with adhesive tape. There were several stab wounds to the body. Relatives and witnesses were asked to learn more about the deceased staying at the house where the accident occurred. Upon examination of the property, it was found that the passenger car Mazda model CX5 blue, registration 4 July 1889, Bangkok of the deceased and several valuables were missing. He said he had instructed investigators to find out more. From retrospective inspection of CCTV cameras near the crime scene. On November 30, at 1.50 p.m., 1 man drove a white Mazda 3 with registration number Korcha 8229 Chainat to park near the deceased's house and then walked into the house until 3.30 p.m. The investigation revealed that the suspect, Mr. Virulh or Yo Boonpook, 28, had gathered evidence and filed a complaint with the Criminal Court. An arrest warrant was issued and the arrest was made at 118/216 Soi Ban Bua Thong Village. BangrakPattana Bangbuathong district, Nonthaburi province, with the above items from the investigation, Mr. Virulh admitted that he actually committed the murder of the woman. After the incident, the deceased's car and valuables were stolen. He had previously been hired by the deceased to repair the plumbing at the accident site. Transfer wages via iPad banking application Seeing that there was money in the account, greed occurred, and the deceased was alone. Trying to steal the property, the deceased resisted to commit the crime. Some of them went to buy gold to keep it. The other part goes to online gambling. After the press conference, the authorities detained the accused and detained Maj. Gen. Attapol. Petty 2nd Lieutenant He said the case was shocking to the relatives of the deceased. There is a request from the family. Police are asked not to disclose the names of the deceased. The police received the affidavit and no pictures and names of the deceased were published. The deceased was a 54-year-old woman. He was found guilty of robbery in 2010 when he was 16 years old. The accused was not brought to make a plan to plead guilty, fearing that there might be chaos caused by the lynching or unforeseen circumstances. Moreover, the planning of the confession has no effect on the expression of the investigation. When the accused confessed to being the real perpetrator, it was also reported that the deceased was a former airline flight attendant.
Taling Chanla police say Thai gunman Chak-e-Boh shot dead 1 Burmese worker|Taling Chan police are searching for him. A Thai gunman who used a short shotgun shot a young Burmese man to death. A friend of the deceased said the couple had never had an affair before at 11 p.m. on Dec. 5, 2022. S.W.A. (investigation) Taling Chan Police Department received a report of a fatal shooting in front of an unnamed dormitory in the community on Assavapichet Road, Bang Ramat Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok. A body was found. Mr. Tun Tun Nai or Ple, 29 years old, Burmese nationality The corpse was lying on its back covered in blood, shirtless, wearing long jeans, and had shotgun wounds. 6 shots to the left side and 3 shots to the left to investigate the deceased's group of friends who lived in the dormitory. They didn't stay together in any way. Today, just visit 5-6 other people here to eat and drink together in the back of the dormitory. Before the accident, the deceased was drunk on beer when suddenly there was a Thai male gangster aged around 30-35 years old, wearing a black short-sleeved T-shirt and black trousers. Model unknown Red-black I don't know the registration number, I parked in front of the dormitory and yelled like I was going to find someone in the dormitory. The deceased then took out a beer bottle and asked why it was noisy, causing the assailant to draw a short shotgun and fire 1 shot.
Real electronic orders Lean Square Found wrongdoing, which page-scan pays for.|A spokesman confirmed it was a real order. Since May 2022, the traffic police have been using electronic orders nationwide by implementing technology and databases to issue orders for effective law enforcement at 6:00 p.m. on December 4, 2022. Royal Thai Police spokesman Revealed that the case of electronic order photos at the page. Dr. Theerawat Hemajutha posted that "This kind of order will be stuck in the car window, do not scan, pay, it is fake, my friend just received it", he checked to the issuer of the order, Bang Yi Khan Police Station, and found that it is a real order, and would like to clarify that the electronic order is issued through a portable processing computer that has installed an application of the Royal Thai Police Office called Police Ticket Management (or PTM) to be used as an electronic order issuance program. In the event that a person is found guilty of a facial offense (similar to a handwritten order), such as not wearing a hat or not fastening a seatbelt, using his phone while driving, driving backwards, driving in violation of traffic signs in various ways, as well as parking in a prohibited place with the information in this electronic order, charges and fines according to the criteria set out in the regulations of sq. will be clearly stated in every order. The information will be linked to the Royal Thai Police's information system in real time, as well as showing relevant information such as the date, time and place of the offense. Vehicle registration information, driver's license information (in case of finding the wrong person) The name of the police officer and the agency that issued the order. In addition, there will be a QR Code below for facilitating people to pay fines through the mobile banking system and a QR Code for checking their orders through the E-ticket website (https://ptm.police.go.th/eTicket)SPONSORED. order for mailing, which will be detected by the device camera, and 3) Electronic orders. The format of the order is in accordance with the notice. Re: Traffic Officer Order Form (No. 2) B.E. 2564 which was promulgated as law On July 9, 2021, the Police Office of Shati focused on developing technology systems to standardize operations. As a result, the ordering process is standardized, international, transparent, to build confidence in operations and respect traffic rules, which will help create a culture of safe driving. Prevent and reduce road accidents in a concrete way.
The police searched the pond in Trang for car parts. Yan is the vehicle used to attack surat contractors.|Deputy Chief Of Staff 8 Lead a team to find saloon parts in the middle of the Surat contractor shooting case. More than 20 fragments were found in a pool in Wang Wiset district, and more than 90% of the cases were gathering evidence to bind the plotters and masterminds to the killing at 4 p.m. on Dec. 4, 2022. Deputy Chief Of Staff 8 Led Power 8th Sq.K.S.S. Investigators from Surat Thani Police Station, Wang Wiset Police Station, Trang Province, expanded the investigation area to find more evidence in Moo 1 area. Ban Bangna Wang Maprang After investigating that the gunman gang had dismantled the car parts and threw them into the pool to camouflage. conceal Conceal evidence before informing the police of the evidence. P.8 The local administration is Mr. Vira Pantita. Head of School 1 Ban Bangna Wang Maprang More than 30 officers from The Wang Wiset Relief Team and divers from Trang Charitable Foundation (Buon Tek Xiang Tueng) participated in the operation. The operation took more than 8 hours to mobilize the search and recovery team. More than 20 spare parts of honda model city sedan were found in black gray, registration 7 rule 1674, Bangkok, as stated in the lawsuit. THROWN AT VARIOUS POINTS IN A LARGE POND NEAR AN OIL PALM PLANTATION, ABOUT 100% AWAY FROM THE RESIDENCE OF MR. THAMRIN SAENGHIRAN OR BEAR, ONE OF THE TEAM WHO PLANNED THE KILLING, ABOUT 1 KM, WHERE THE AUTHORITIES RECOVERED NEARLY 100% OF ALL PARTS, INCLUDING THE ENGINE AND BODY NUMBER OF THE CAR, IS CONSIDERED IMPORTANT EVIDENCE IN THE PROSECUTION TO ISSUE AN ARREST WARRANT FOR THE MASTERMIND OF THE MASTERMIND. Deputy Chief Of Staff 8 As the head of the task force unraveling the duke. He said: "It's an outrageous case. The attacker used a firearm to shoot Mr. Somporn Sinthong, 44, a well-known construction contractor and businessman in the area. Ban Song District Wiang Sa, Surat Thani province, died The incident occurred on the road in front of The Crown Prince Wiangsa Hospital. Moo 10, Ban Song Subdistrict, Wiang Sa Subdistrict On November 11, We have only been able to arrest the accused for a few days and who are on the run have sought the approval of the court to issue a warrant for his arrest. P.W.8 said that there were also accused who committed the crimes and supported them, including the mastermind, as detailed in the investigative report. Even gathering evidence can be tricky enough. Because of the escape route. Before committing an offense After committing the offense, and while committing the offense is an escape route. The inclusion of evidence at its long path. Today, let's follow the rest of the evidence. AFTER THE CID ROUND, THEY FOUND THREE CAR DOOR PARTS IN THE POOL NEXT TO THE ACCUSED'S HOUSE, WHICH WAS THE VEHICLE USED TO COMMIT THE CRIME. So far, the case has been completed, both evidence and scientific witnesses have progressed by more than 80-90%. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Deputy Chief of Police, and Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, have been informed of the progress of the case.
Father driving a sedan with a teenager who chased his son's teeth, crashed into a tree, killed 1, injured 3|Father tries to beat a group of teenagers who chased their son's teeth, crashed into a tree, killed 1, injured 3, the deceased child revealed that he went to a friend's house, was threatened on Facebook, called his father to pick him up because he was afraid. At 3:30 a.m. on Dec. 5, 2022, Deputy Inspector General Singha Singhachali investigated. Khlong Luang Police Department was informed that there was an accident in which a sedan hit a tree on the side of the road, and a person was injured and killed. Along Klong 2 Road M.10 Khlong Song District Klongluang He then went to the scene with a traffic police officer. Klongluang Police Station Forensic physicians at Thammasat Hospital, Chalerm Phrakiat, and Po Tek Tueng Foundation staff at the scene of the accident found rescuers using cutters to rescue the injured from a Toyota sedan. Registration no. 1590 Ang Thong, which crashed into a tree on the side of the road in a demolished condition. The rescuers brought out 3 injured people, known as 1. Ms. Siriporn Chaikham, 19 years old, 2. Mr. Jayanan Upanan, 22 years old, 3. Ms. Sunita Thanyanon, 19 years old, the rescue vehicle was taken to the hospital. Khlong Sam District Klongluang PATHUMTHANISPONSORED FROM MR. Mr. Lattapol, 17, the deceased's son, said he visited a friend's house in Thai Somboon 3 village and was threatened on Facebook. Klongluang Police Station In the saloon, he had his own girlfriend. Girlfriends, friends, and senior friends While driving on Klong 2 Road to drop off a friend in Soi Iyara 7, he rode 2 motorcycles, 4 of whom were friends in the group, riding a motorcycle with a joke, and 3 teenagers riding a white Honda Click motorcycle shouted "Play or not". When the father, who was driving behind, saw fit, he drove a sedan and chased a group of teenagers on motorcycles to save his son. This caused his father's car to crash into a tree on the side. Mr. Rapeepat (last name reserved), 18 years old, a witness who was present at the incident, said that he rode 2 motorcycles with 4 people behind him, with his father following behind. The attacker was riding a white Honda Click motorcycle with 3 people wearing helmets, 2 of them after the incident and then fled towards the mouth of Klong 2. Klongluang Deputy Inspector General Singha Singhachali investigated. Klongluang Police Station After examining the crime scene, he recorded the images as evidence and asked the Po Tek Tueng Foundation staff to take the deceased to Thammasat Hospital for forensics. To check again. The deceased's children and friends are investigating. The Police Commissioner has taken it upon further interrogation at Klongluang Police Station Again.
A young Myanmar man grabs a pestle, hits a broken-headed junior, gets drunk and makes a loud noise. When warned, invaded the room, caught, strangled.|A young Myanmar man finds a junior in the room next door, drunk and noisy, the small child cannot sleep, goes out to warn, but is angry, invades the room, strangles him in front of his wife. Grabbing the pestle on his side, he hit him in the head, blood bathing him. He was detained for questioning before proceeding at 12:30 a.m. on Dec. 5, 2022. Lt. Col. Arun Phakdee, Deputy Senator of Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province, with force After being informed of the assault, a person was injured. Inside Soi Phetjeung 50, Petchjeung Road 14/4 Moo 6 Bangkobua Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province The crime scene is a 2-storey worker's residence. On the 2nd floor, another adjoining room belonged to the perpetrator, Mr. Moj, 37, and the other room belonged to the injured person. Mr. Jo Nai, 24 years old, Burmese No one was injured at the scene. A colleague has taken it to Bangyeo Police Department to ask for help from rescuers At the scene of the incident, only traces of fighting and blood stains were found at the scene. Mojo, a 37-year-old Myanmar national, was a worker cutting down trees along power lines. The perpetrator stood and waited for the police officer, then the police officer detained him to look at the scene. Blood stains were found on the walls of the room and on the mattress. The weapon used in the attack was found to be a wooden pestle about 20 centimeters long, police said. Mr. Mojo, armed with the weapon used to commit the crime, delivered Lt. Col. Can Satya, deputy commissioner of investigation, Phra Pradaeng police station, then there is a foreman. Ms. Dawn from Prem, 48, will bring the two parties to see the investigators again. Mr. Oh, 27, an eyewitness and mr. Moj's wife, said he was near the scene before the incident. Mr. Mojo grabbed the pestle that his son had picked up and played with in the bedroom. He was injured and fell lying motionless until a colleague helped him take him to the hospital. Mr. Jirasak Machanasan, 34, a colleague who helped bring the injured person to the hospital, said that when he was lying in his room, he was told that a worker had attacked each other until someone was injured. Tell him to drive him to the hospital. When he looked at it, he saw that Mr. Jonai had blood on his head and was also drunk. So he drove to the doctor.
The assassin buried the burial ground because he was killed by the dead and released the trapped animals.|Mrs. Rong The 37-year-old confessed to shooting a 26-year-old man in the same house and burying him in a garden near the village. Relatives of the deceased do not believe in acting alone in the case. Mr. Thitisak Toolchalong or Teh, 26 years old, villager, Moo 6, Sub-district, Sappraya Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, was killed and buried in a trench in the middle of the garden of Mrs. Boonsak Lachanuk, 58, a villager. Moo 6 T.Sappraya For 10 days, the police sent the body for autopsy, there were traces of 2 shots in the head and chest, and a broken neck. The body was found on Dec. 3 and progress on Dec. 5, 2022. According to the investigation of the Police Investigation Unit Region 3 and Buriram Provincial Investigation Unit, it is believed that the perpetrator was probably someone close to the deceased until 12-year-old Dr. Cho took him to the hiding spot where the gun that caused the shooting of Mr. Teh with 2 shots to the head and chest and targeted Mr. Konwin Bangkratok or Ter, 37 years old, a villager. M.6 Subpraya Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, who is expected to be the one who shot the deceased. although Mr. Ter will deny it since the first investigation. Mr. Ter was not satisfied. Mr. Cool, who let go of the mongoose and squirrel that Mr. Ter had trapped in the middle of the field. After Mr. Ter began to confess in the middle of the night, the Lt. took Mr. Ter to search for evidence, the firearm that caused the crime, and the spot where Mr. Ter took his own clothes and burned them to destroy the evidence. Mr. Boontham Tulchalong, 64 years old, a villager. Moo 6 T.Sappraya A.Nangrong The deceased's father said the date of the incident was thought to be the day the village dogs were eaten. After hearing the news that his son had been killed. He immediately suspected this group of people, especially Mr. Ter, because Mr. Ter had previously left a grudge against his son through several villagers. He accused his son of letting go of the mongoose and squirrel trapped by Mr. Ter. This caused Mr. Ter to be dissatisfied with the father of the deceased. But he was confident that Mr. Ter was not alone. Because of the process of transporting the body to be buried, which is more than 100 meters away from the accident site. Doing it alone, he believes, is impossible. I would also like the police to expedite the investigation to find out the facts soon.
French police arrest victims for 2 million baht|Police have arrested a 41-year-old Frenchman on a fraud warrant. After scamming victims known to be entertainment venues to invest in the business of importing brand-name products from France, they lost more than 2 million baht and could not find the products according to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's policy. prime minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister on the supervision of foreigners living or visiting Thailand The Royal Thai Police, by Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, assigned to the Conduct inspections of Thai nationals and foreigners who behave inappropriately while residing in Thailand. Illegal acts Pose a danger to the peace and safety of people's lives and property. This causes damage to the image of the country or a group of transnational mobs lurking to commit crimes against Thais or foreigners, using Thailand as a base for committing an offense on December 5, 2022 at the Immigration Bureau. Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Tanit Thaivajramas Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Abhakorn Komolsit Deputy Chief of Staff Press conference on the arrest of aliens who have entered Thailand to be used as a place to commit various crimes. Damage to the people and image of the country. By emphasizing the place of residence where aliens live. The owner or occupier must notify the Immigration Bureau within 24 hours in accordance with Section 38 of the Immigration Act B.E. 2522 (1979), which is considered an important tool for control. Prevention and suppression THAT IS, ON MAY 11, 2022, THE POLICE INSPECTOR OF THE CITY ARRESTED THE VICTIM. Which was damaged by being Mr. Chagel Selmon, 41, French nationality The accused, according to the arrest warrant of the South Bangkok District Court No. 196/2565 dated May 2, 2022, committed the offence of "fraud". The victim, who wished to remain anonymous, met the accused at a tourist attraction in Sukhumvit until he became intimate and traveled to France. The accused stated that he could bring brand-name items such as bags, shoes, perfumes. Until the victim was convinced and invested 2,000,000 baht with the accused, the accused could not deliver the goods. Later, the victim investigated and found that the accused had befriended a Thai national and used such a ploy to get Thai people to invest with him. The police are investigating. Mr. Shagel continued. Later, he examined the notification of alien accommodation, which the law requires the owner and occupier of the premises to be notified in the immigration system according to Section 38 of the Immigration Act B.E. 2522. From the database in the immigration system It was found that the accused appeared at the place of arrest when he was informed. The officers then reported to their superiors and participated in the planning of the arrest. Later, an alien with the image of the arrest warrant appeared in front of Ten Ekkamai Suite Buy Hotel. Aspira, Klongton Nua, Wattana, Bangkok, the officer presented himself as an immigration officer. Ask and know the name. Mr. Chagel Selmon, 41, French nationality, presented his passport. Upon examination, it is the person under the above arrest warrant. who have entered the Kingdom of Thailand. On October 24, 2022, type of authorization P.P.30 Due to the deadline for permission to stay in the Kingdom on December 7, 2022 (the permission has not yet expired), the arrest warrant has been presented to the arrested person for inspection. The arresting officers then made a joint arrest. Mr. Shagel Selomon sent to the South Bangkok District Court for further legal proceedings. Please be informed that the POLICE has measures in place to detect, tighten and crack down on various types of offenses, as well as to investigate Thais and foreigners for inappropriate behavior. Illegal acts Pose a danger to the peace and safety of people's lives and property. It causes damage to the image of the nation. If any of the public sees clues to the crime. Please report it to the Immigration Bureau. Commemoration of 60th Anniversary Building, 904 Moo 6, Banmai Subdistrict, Pak Kret District, Nonthaburi 11120 or 1178 or www.immigration.go.th
PCT police collect 4 thieves to set up a call center startup in Thailand |Big Den sends PCT team to break up call center in Thailand After capturing 4 multitasking leaders, Chinese capitalists in Cambodia have reopened their own startup groups in Thailand for 2 months, making pictures of avatars tricking victims on Facebook to talk about adultery and investment according to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha's policy. The Prime Minister, who has made it the number one priority in cracking down on call center gangs because it causes trouble to the people. A team of analysts of the mayhem plan of Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the call center buster, analyzed the data and found a new call center gang emerging in the online reporting system. Persuaded to invest and carry out missions under a fake company called E-SHIPING.SHOP Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat. Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thamsuthi As the head of the 5th PCT, the police conducted an investigation until they learned that the gang was in Thailand, which is normally on the neighboring side. New House Muang, Samut Prakan Four people seized three computers, nine mobile phones, five bank books and 38 phone SIM cards. Finally, one of the participants in the movement admitted to bringing knowledge. Bring back the knowhow you learned from doing it in neighboring countries because you think you have master's knowledge. It is not necessary to go to neighboring countries to get only 3% of Chinese people, dreaming that he will be the founder of the first Thai call center gang and will be a start-up to expand his business in Thailand, but only 2 months later, he was arrested before sponsored on December 4, 2022 at 13.00 pm. Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Teeradej Thamsuthi Chief Of Staff / The 5th PCT Operation Team, Lt. Col. Worapoj Rungkrajang, Lt. Col. Chaiwat Jongcharoen, Lt. Col. Kanitnon Thanomsri, Lt. Col. Wuttinan Kongdee, Lt. Col. Prama Pranee led the 5th PCT police force together with the online patrol unit. B.S.C.N. A follow-up investigation led to a search of room no. 188/130, Notting Hill Condo. Praksa Rd. New House According to the search warrant of Samut Prakan Provincial Court No. 762/2565 dated December 4, 2022, arrested the accused as follows: Mr. Supornpong Panyawai or Bank, 31 years old, is a person according to the arrest warrant. Suphanburi Province No. 236/2565 dated 4 December 2022, accused of "conspiring to defraud by acting as another person". The case was brought to the investigation officer, Nong Ya Sai Police Station, Suphanburi province, to prosecute the case according to the law. 1. 3 all-in-one computers2. 9 mobile phones3. 5 account books4. 38 sim cards. Mr. Supornpong Panyawai or Bank The accused can also be arrested, including Ms. Tippawan Panyawai or Mam. Ms. Sirithorn Ten thousandhong or Stamp and Ms. Kaninat Jirachokvanich or Fang, all 4 of them, have a plan to create a fake Facebook page (avatar) by using a profile picture of a beautiful girl and soliciting friends on Facebook. When the victim is interested, he will invite him to the "LINE Group", claiming to be a company called E-SHIPING.SHOP, which is actually a non-existent company, and then talk to A.Golf, who is a fake identity that invents himself as an investment expert, tricking him into offering various program plans such as travel, marriage, and then tricking him into transferring money to invest in those plans. The rest will be all horse faces by having a horse face pretending to send a picture of the money transfer slip to pretend to receive real money, but it is actually a fake money transfer slip. However, if the victim wants to withdraw money, they will not be able to withdraw it, claiming that the victim did the wrong thing and will persuade them to invest more and more. The gang is based in a neighboring country, but the group can tighten up the systems in one room with only 3 computers and only 4 people, including the back-end system, the chat room division system, the 1st row system where the victim is persuaded, the forging slips with templates in Photoshop, and many other steps. Jirachokvanich, or Fang, said he was an employee of a call center gang in Cambodia. Which is done until it is very skillful. Each month when in Cambodia, the monthly balance can be 100 million baht. Admitting that one person can work like six people at the same time, which when they do, they get the feeling that why they are going to do it to get a percentage from a Chinese boss of only 3%, so greedy to want to do it themselves in order to get the full money. I've been secretly collecting information. He chose the one he thought was perfect and returned to Thailand in about a month. SEP 65SPONSORED then started in Thailand by hiring a Thai programmer based in Cambodia to program it for 60,000 baht. Mr. Supornpong will get 30%, Ms. Sirithorn will get 20%, and Ms. Tippawan will get 20%. Mr. Supornpong, or Bank, testified at the arrest that he was an employee on a gambling website called UFABET168.Net, whose owner was a Thai man. When I was in Cambodia, I got to know and be a girlfriend with Ms. Kaninat. Ms. Kaninat used to run a call center gang in Cambodia and brought that pattern back to Thailand. The duties will help each other to do all 4 people, and when the profit is shared. Pol. Maj. Gen. Theeradej said, "This call center gang is scary because all 4 are considered to be the origins of the infection. We will continue to expand to the end. This operation is considered to be a timely power cut off from the wind, which was born from the laying of the foundation. Put the system in place. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of staff, whom he has done since his time in office. The Deputy Chief of Police has been at war with the call center gangs for many years. By reporting the information to the hotline 1441, Cyber Police or S.P.O.S.T. Center 08-1866-3000, the victims can report online at www.thaipoliceonline.com and warn thai people who are unemployed. who are deciding to work in neighboring countries. Most of them are call centers, and when you join a call center gang, you'll return to your country as a criminal. not the victim".
Police chief ordered to investigate police incident 2 shooting dead and removing lessons from happening again|Police chief ordered to investigate the fatal shooting of police officers in Region 2 Prosecution of the deceased, taking care of the deceased, and removing the lessons learned. Increased measures to prevent the use of firearms by police officers from occurring again at 1:00 p.m. on December 5, 2022, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong said. Royal Thai Police spokesman Police Region 2 shot and killed a policeman at the entrance to the residence. Khon Kaen Provincial Police Region 2 said that after receiving an initial report, it was learned that at around 8.45 a.m. in the morning, khon kaen city police received a report that a police officer had shot and killed each other. At the entrance to the house. The 2nd District then went to investigate.  The attacker, 49-year-old Dr. Chuchat Pluakkeaw, of The 2nd District, shot Dr. Chuchat Saenkhan, 44, with a 9 mm firearm, 3 rounds until Dr. Chuchat Saenkhan died. The perpetrator was injured. The perpetrators were taken to Khon Kaen Hospital. Investigators, doctors, forensics, autopsy The spokesman said police have now detained the perpetrators for prosecution. The primary cause is thought to be a personal conflict. For more details, please allow time for the police to investigate. It's not. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, gave the order. Lt. Gen. Nat Singhudom Chief Of Staff Expedite scrutiny of emerging facts Ensure that the investigation and prosecution are fair and straightforward, and that the NCPO should take lessons learned. Increase measures to prevent the use of firearms by police officers from occurring again. It's not. THE POLICE CHIEF EXPRESSED HIS CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILIES OF THE VICTIMS AND ORDERED FULL CARE OF THEM.
The police shot each other dead. District 2: The shooter is expected to lose his mobile phone.|Group Director The director of the 2nd Division of the Police Department lost his mobile phone, walked into the guardhouse, shooting a colleague who was eating breakfast. Extinguish the tragic calamity of the guards. His hands were still clenched in sticky rice, before being shot as he fled. He was detained for legal proceedings at 9:00 a.m. on December 5, 2022. The Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) of Khon Kaen City Police received a report from Kaen Nakhon Radio Center that a person had been shot dead at a guard box inside the residence. District 2, which is in Ban Nong Hai area. M.8 After receiving the notification, he reported it to his superiors and went to inspect the scene. Lt. Col. Preecha Kengsarikit, Director, Khon Kaen City Police Department Maj. Gen. Noppaka Somnath, Ph.D. Khon Kaen and Maj. Gen. Kittisak Plathong. 2nd District Medical Officer and Forensic Physician, Srinakarin Hospital An autopsy was performed on the deceased at the scene when he reached the residential community. The 2nd Division found that the crime scene was in the guard box on the right hand side. Roadside entrance to the residential community District 2 police found the body of 44-year-old Dr. Conquer Saenkhan. The 2nd Lt. Col. lay dead on the ground in the guardhouse. The corpse was also dressed in uniform, 1 shot in the left shoulder, 1 bullet buried in the right shoulder, 1 bullet buried in the left arm, 1 bullet penetrated and 1 bullet penetrated the left leg. The witness was Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49 years old. 2nd District Police Department grey shorts Wearing a black tank top and sandals. After the incident, carrying a firearm, ran out of the guard box. Into the housing community The police and the police dispersed the arrest force until they found the gunman running in the garden within the community. The police officer then decided to use a gun to shoot him in the left leg. The injured gunman could not escape, so he was detained with a 9 mm firearm, and then the police force took the gunman to Khon Kaen Hospital for treatment of his wounds. Placed in the guard cabinet. The body of the deceased was also found to be tightly clenched in the left hand of glutinous rice. After the autopsy, the deceased handed over the body to the foundation. Khon Kaen Samakkhi dedicates the body to Forensic Medicine Srinakarin Hospital. To perform an autopsy according to the procedure before handing over the body to relatives for charity according to the tradition of Maj. Gen. Kittisak. goldfish 2nd District Commander He told the media that the gunman and the dead were friends, a junior who worked in the same role. The current Police Department 2, which is in charge of security at the guard booths within the community of The 2nd District Police Station, has never reported that the two have never had a problem before. However, it is believed that the gunman shot himself to death this time because the gunman's mobile phone was missing, but has not been returned and the culprit is unknown. The gunman was always stressed and even shot his friend to death in the guard box"According to the initial investigation, it was learned that the gunman walked with his handbag out of the house and sat down to drink coffee and talk to the deceased while sitting in the guard box. 2nd District Commander Khon Kaen Police Chief Maj. Gen. Noppakao Somnath said the initial investigation revealed that the only person involved in the attack was Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, a group commander. After the gunman escaped, he was arrested but injured in his left leg, so he was taken to Khon Kaen Hospital for treatment.
Surachai Poolek network converted a pickup truck containing 1.4 million methamphetamine pills.|Police arrested a methamphetamine network with "Surachai Poolek" as the main culprit after converting a pickup truck containing 1.4 million methamphetamine pills on December 5, 2022. To intercept shipments from neighboring countries. Not to enter the Thailand area in all channels, including an important urgent policy. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, focuses on combating drugs in all dimensions of work. Under the command of Maj. Gen. Chinpat Deputy Superintendent of Police (KM) / Deputy Chief of Staff , Lieutenant General Prachuap Wongsuk Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Sarayut Sanguanpokhai Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Komsit Rangsai P.O.S.3 has ordered to expedite the purge of old drug networks and prevent the emergence of new ones. On the evening of December 3, a police officer was arrested. - 2.3.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2.1.2. The military forces arrested the drug network: 1. Mr. Chanin Bloodkhuntad, 28 years old, 2. Mr. Nonthawat Sudsaen. 23 years old inside PTT Phan gas station (arrivals) Phaholyothin Road Muang Phan District A.Phan Chiang Rai After an extended investigation, it was found. Mr. Chanin drove to pick up 1.4 million methamphetamine by converting a solid pickup truck with a hidden compartment for methamphetamine to be delivered to drug recipients in the central region. Name Miss Fon with car registration number 7415 Chiang Rai driving the car. The officers then investigated and followed up. Ms. Fon, whom the accused claimed sponsored until Dec. 4, was able to arrest 3. Parking area inside Wat Sala Daeng, Bang Phai, Bang Khae, Bangkok Meanwhile, another set of officers investigated the culprit and was able to make an arrest. 4. Mr. Surachai Poolek The owner of such amounts of methamphetamine. In the parking lot of Wat Phra That Pha Shadow. T.Wiang, Chiang Saen Chiang Rai province initially charged him with "possession of class 1 methamphetamine without permission, causing its spread among the public as an act that affects the security of the state or the safety of the general public." After the arrest, the authorities will continue to investigate and expand the arrest of the rest of the network. As for the drugs seized by the central government, The investigators will be sent to designated units such as the P.O.S. Office, the Department of Medical Sciences, the Police Forensics Office and the Institute of Forensic Sciences.
Call 53,000 baht Catch the cat hitting the ground. The owner leaned toward the end.|Two mothers and children visited the police station in two rooms. After reporting the offence of catching a cat on the ground, the police are preparing to report 2 charges of animal cruelty and property damage in the case of Facebook user Juthamanee Jsg. A video of an elderly man holding a cat's tail in a stable state and snapping at a neighbor saying, "Oh, kill me, why do you come to Ban Gu Gu hate cats?" before grabbing the cat twice and shouting "Fixed 2, you know". At 10.00 a.m. on December 5, 2022, Mrs. Thavorn Minuan, 51 years old, the owner of the cat, together with her daughter, visited. Capt. Neti Kaewjongprasit Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Two-room field office to provide additional information on the case of Mr. Tien Arunjit Hurting their cat to death After the police report on Dec. 4, Mrs Thavorn said she regretted the incident. Admit that you accidentally opened the door of the house. Before the cat falls out. When the incident happened, he was eating, was about to bring food to the cat, realized that the cat was left, and then a neighbor ran to say that the cat had been hit. When I arrived, I saw him holding a cat in his hand before throwing it to the ground and telling him to walk in his house. Insist on taking matters to the extreme as well. Initially, the company demanded damages of 53,000 baht, divided into 50,000 baht for morale and 3,000 baht for buying a cat. Two-room field police and officers The Laksi District Police Department went to Mr. Tien's residence at the two-room Tung Housing Community. To check the facts and invite yourself. Mr. Tien, the party, to testify to the police at Thung Song Hong Police Station, where Mr. Tien requested to meet the investigating officer on December 6 at 10.00 a.m. Dec. 6 at 10 a.m. Prepare to report the allegations of offences under the Animal Cruelty and Loss of Property Act before bringing them to the Don Mueang District Court for prosecution. It is expected that such cases may have accumulated problems for a long time until this happens.
The killers buried the ground, making a plan, revealing the knot of the wife and the old vengeance. I can't find a soul to sleep.|Assassin burying the ground confesses Buriram police revealed that he shot a young man who was asked about his old wife. Plus the old vengeance, so I caught him shooting in the ground, claiming the spirit followed until he couldn't sleep. Police charged him with manslaughter and concealing a corpse and the Firearms Act in the case of a 37-year-old man who killed a 26-year-old man in the same house in Sap phraya. Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, then buried the trench, confessing to the end. There has been a build-up of resentment since they started eating dog meat together, not spending money on liquor, and used to release squirrels and ferrets that trapped them in the fields. Finally, follow the stump at the trap. That's where the incident occurred. I asked my old wife where she was, so she shot and buried her body. Insist on doing it alone. Accepting the spirit that haunted him until he could not sleep on December 5, 2022, Maj. Gen. Rutthapol Naowarat, commander of Buriram Provincial Police, accompanied the police. Nong Sai Police Station, Nang Rong District Mr. Kanawin Bangkratok, 37, a villager in Moo 6, Ban Selasong. Subpraya Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, went to make a plan to accompany the confession. After the incident, a modified firearm was used. Shot Mr. Thitisak Tulchalong or Teh, 26, a villager. Moo 6 T.Sappraya Mrs. Rong, Buriram province, died on November 23 and buried her body in a trench in the garden of Mrs. Boonsak Lachanuk, 58, a villager. Moo 6 T.Sappraya Before the owner of the garden came to meet on December 3, SPONSORED, the planning started from the day of the incident. Mr. Cool has taken the dog to his own house. Put on a bag of fertilizer, let's eat at Mr. Ter's house and sit and drink white liquor as usual until about 21.00 a.m. As he used to go regularly, Mr. Ter then pointed to the spot where the animals were trapped. This is where Mr. Teh was killed, he testified. Because Mr. Cool followed and asked Cao Xie, until he was annoyed. Finally, he asked, "Where did you put my old wife's bow?" which meant that he stole his broken up wife and hid it. Therefore, he was inspired. Use the firearms they bought when they worked in Bangkok for 8,500 baht, which they will carry with them when they go out into the forest. He fired two shots until he was lying motionless, eventually dying, then tried to tie the deceased to a wooden hook to counterbalance the water in a nearby pool. But the corpse floated up, so he changed his plan, went home and took a spade to dig up the soil in the trench, and buried the camouflage. Before burying the body, he took hay and tied his ankles, wrists and head to tie the seal, then sat alone 3 times and finished 2 times, and then walked home as if nothing had happened after 3 days. Finally, to the point where he could not bear to commit the crime, the police charged Mr. Kanawin Bangkratok with intentionally killing others. Move or destroy a corpse or part of a corpse to conceal the death or cause of death, possession of firearms and ammunition without permission. Mrs. Lim Tulchalong, 58, the deceased's mother, said she was glad that the police were able to arrest her quickly, but told her that he had caught the bastard. Pol. Maj. Gen. Ruttapol Naowarat, Commander of Buriram Provincial Police He said that after the incident, he had instructed the investigating police to immediately go to the area to find out. After that, when he knew the culprit but could not reveal it until he got clear evidence, he was arrested.
Why do relatives want to know what caused the killing?|Relatives of Lt. Col. Conquer Saenkhan, who died, are still addicted to why the police of The 2nd District Police Department shot each other, wanting the commander to help explain and understand the family as well from the case of Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49 years old, the position of Group Director. 2nd District, 227 Moo 5. Nong Waeng Nong Bua Daeng Chaiyaphum He used a 9 mm firearm to shoot 44-year-old Lt. Col. Chaim Saenkhan. 1/35 Tambon Nai Mueang, Amphur Muang, Khon Kaen Province, died at the entrance to the community of the house, T.C.D. Region 2, which is in Ban Nong Hai area. M.8 The incident occurred on the morning of December 5. The commander of both the dead and the gunman predicted that the gunman was likely stressed by the recent theft of his mobile phone. While my friend was at the guard booth, he sat down and talked, maybe there was a conversation about losing his cell phone, but he wouldn't be able to talk. He then fired several shots at his friend to death. Other causes must wait for the police to investigate. The gunman was interrogated after being treated in the hospital. At 2 p.m. the same day. The reporter went to the police residence. Within the Border Patrol Police Division Region 2, No. 202 Moo 13, Tambon Nai Mueang, Amphur Muang, Khon Kaen Province, it was found that Dr. Chait Saenkhan, 44 years old, Director of Moo The deceased was staying at house No. 202/34, a two-storey house. The entrance door is locked. At the same time, there was Mr. Prasit Hongsap, 63 years old, the aunt of the deceased man, along with the deceased's wife and relatives. Come to the house to collect the belongings and clothes of the deceased. Funeral at his wife's house in Srisomdet Mr. Prasit Hongsap, 63, said his wife and relatives The news of the death of Dr. Chait Saenkhan was heard from a police officer who was friends with the deceased. His relatives, who are relatives of Dr. Conquer, are at Nong Saeng House, Moo 8. Najan District Pink, Khon Kaen province, and his wife, Dr. Conquer, are in Srisomdet district. Roi Et Upon learning of the matter, he immediately arranged for relatives to come and meet his nephew's superiors. I want to know the real reason why my nephew is on guard but is being held by a friend. "I don't understand why my friends who are police officers working together can kill each other, kill each other while still on duty, so I want to know the details of what caused the outrage. Mr. Prasit Hongsap, 63, the aunt of the deceased man, said that when he came to pick up his nephew's body, he could not accept it back to the charity because the doctor was performing an autopsy according to the procedure. The deceased's wife will take the body back to the charity home at Srisomdet. Later, reporters went to the residence of the gunman, 49-year-old Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw. Police officers from The Royal Thai Police Region 2 are two-storey house No. 1/212, found that there was a white 7-seater car brand Honda BR-V, registration Bitter-2292 Khon Kaen, parked in front of the house and had a key plugged into the doorknob at the entrance of the house. The reporter spoke to a neighbor (who asked not to be named) who was staying at a house near the gunman's house, knowing that the gunman was staying alone, was a hospitable person, quiet and had never had problems with anyone, but stayed in this house alone. 16 went out too, and walked around on the streets of the village, and then there was a police force. And the police. Khon Kaen City Police came to suppress the incident and blockade. THE GUNMAN WAS ARRESTED AND ARRESTED IN A GARDEN ABOUT 30 METRES AWAY FROM THE GUNMAN'S RESIDENCE.
Investigators apologized to the rescuers. "Don't dodge emergency vehicles."|Hot knot The police chief tightened the streets. Driving a pickup truck that refuses to dodge the way for emergency vehicles to take critically ill patients to the hospital. In summary, the Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Dan Khun Tod Police Station. Recently, he was arrested, apologizing to the rescuers. Quote Mr. Call the case on Facebook page. Video posted of the pickup driver refusing to give way to an emergency ambulance. The incident occurred on the morning of December 4. The Sawang Witcha Thammasat Foundation Rescue Center Pakchong has been notified by the Hospital Rescue Center. Pak Chong Nana said that there was a female patient, about 73 years old, unconscious at Khok Sanga House, Nong Sarai Subdistrict, Pak Chong District, so the A-7 team went out to check and evaluate the symptoms. Pakchong Nana Hospital in the middle of the way The team brought it out until they arrived at the Friendship Fresh Market. I saw that Ford pickup truck. Refusing to dodge emergency vehicles with their lights on until they reach a red light, Ford pickup trucks don't dodge. The team then announced Mike asking for directions, saying, "Give me an ambulance." In the back of the car, the patient was unconscious. The Ford pickup truck didn't dodge and walked down to the emergency team, "You didn't see the traffic lights?" and walked up to the car, even though the lights turned green. The driver of the Ford drove slowly without dodging the emergency vehicle until he reached the intersection. The emergency vehicle has a dodgy stroke right toward the bamboo forest out to the patient's transfer point. Pak Chong Nana Hospital at Pak Chong District Office before moving the patient out of the car to Pak Chong Nana Hospital that was already waiting. The driver of the Ford drove in a similar manner to an emergency vehicle. Sponsored later learned that the driver of the ford was a contract police officer under Dan Khun Tod Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima province, and the police coordinated with the Sawang Wicha Thammasat Foundation Pakchong to apologize to the rescue personnel on duty, but did not tell the date and time at 2:00 p.m. on December 5, 2022. President of Sawang Witcha Thammasat Pakchong Foundation Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, with Mr. Panya Leelakanjanakul The rescue department director and the rescue officers, who were waiting for the apology of Lt. Col. Chanchai Bengchanuk, deputy senator of Dan Khun Tod, who was coordinated to apologize with a basket. Around 12:00 p.m., but waited for more than 2 hours and still did not come, the reporter called to inquire. Lt. Col. Phuthai Chao sung noen, Director of The Dan Khun Tod Police Department to Lt. Col. Chanchai, Deputy Senator of Dan Khun Tod In case of not coming to the appointment. Lt. Col. Chanchai was instructed by his superiors to go to Pak Chong Police Station to investigate the facts. Upon completion of the investigation, the reporter asked. Capt. Sermsak Kleebkhuntad Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Pak Chong police informed that Lt. Col. Chanchai Bengchanduk, deputy senator of Dan Khun Tod, had surrendered in case of obstruction of driving without dodging the rescue vehicle. While delivering the patient, who was informed of the alleged offense. Section 76(2) of the Traffic Act while driving, when you see an emergency vehicle using flashing lights or hear sirens or other sound signals. The vehicle must be stopped or parked on the left side. Compare the maximum amount. 500 baht and will report to the supervisor.
Sadd Young M.S.W. fell into a building in Phetchaburi Rajabhat University, died.|Sadd, a young graduate of Srinakharinwirot University, fell from a building in Phetchaburi Rajabhat University to die at Bangkok Hospital Phetchaburi. At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 5, 2022, emergency call center 191, Phetchaburi province, received a report of a man falling from a six-story building inside Phetchaburi Rajabhat University. He was seriously injured, so he called an emergency ambulance. Petchaburi Rajabhat University sub-inspector inspected the scene of the accident, which is a 6-storey experience training building, the Faculty of Humanities found the body of a young man, about 20 years old, lying on the floor near the building, wearing a blue T-shirt, black sweatpants, breathing rich Rin, bleeding from the head and deformed body wounds. Lieutenant Colonel Narong Sodok Roiworn Petchaburi Rajabhat University Therefore, the report provides Lt. Col. Wanchai Khaoram, Director, Phetchaburi City Police Department Acknowledge and investigate the scene with the rescuers. Asst.Prof.Dr.Sena Scent The President of Phetchaburi Rajabhat University and the professors who are supervising the students who will be attending the ASEAN Relations event provide information. Initially, it was found that no one knew and had seen the injured person, and that no one was missing. THEREFORE, WE HAVE EXAMINED THE CCTV FOOTAGE INSIDE THE SPONSORED BUILDING. Prior to the incident, a young man in his 20s was wearing black tracksuit pants. Walking into the six-story experience building, he went up to the sixth floor of the building and walked inside the bathroom. A black sweatshirt was found, placed on the floor above the urinal. There are slippers left underneath. On the right hand side there is a jabby open window. The man was thought to have opened the window and decided to jump from the building in hopes of taking his own life in the sweatshirt. There is also a mobile phone and a Yamaha motorcycle key. Later, there was a female phone call. His name was later known as Ms. Nattapawee Towkaew. It was identified as the girlfriend of the owner of the said phone and informed that the man was Mr. Narubet Jaiboon, 24 years old, living at house no. 14 Moo 6. Ban Tan District Mr. Narubet recently graduated from Srinakharinwirot University (MSU) and rented a dormitory on the opposite side of Phetchaburi Rajabhat University. His girlfriend told him that he called him because he had been missing for a long time. In the morning, he said that he was going to the house, so he just learned of the incident, and later the Phetchaburi Police Chief called the forensic officers to collect witness material, including fingerprints on the bathroom area, as well as CCTV footage, to make it suspicious that it was a decision to jump the building by himself. Later, he was informed by Bangkok Hospital Phetchaburi that Mr. Narubet had died, which the investigators will invite his girlfriend and relatives to investigate further.
Cosyong knife A 34-year-old woman was killed when a neighbor saw no one daring to help.|The 55-year-old used a knife to slash his 34-year-old wife's neck and dragged her body under the stairs. The neighbours saw that no one dared to help, because they saw it as a wife, and the perpetrator was an angry person. The port police rushed to the scene at 9:58 a.m. on December 5, 2022. The Port Police Department received a report of the girl's body being found slashed to death. Inside the rented house, there is no number at Wat Khlong Toei Nai community, junction 2 subdistrict and Khlong Toei district, Bangkok, so they went to check with Lt. Col. Suchin Sisondee, Senator of the Port Police, the forensic officer. Forensic physicians, Chulalongkorn Hospital and Grateful Foundation volunteers at the scene of the accident were a 2-storey wooden house on the 2nd floor in front of the room with no number. A body was found. Ms. Metini Vettaisong, 34 years old, living at 164 Moo 1, T. Bandua. Tha Bo District, Nong Khai Province The corpse was lying on its back covered in blood, dressed in a purple bra and purple shorts. There was a sharp wound in the neck. The face and torso showed signs of bruises. As for this knifeman, know the name. Mr. Chalerm Raksaphet, 55, her husband, who had fled, investigated whether Mr Chalerm, who was arrested in the port. He had been in a relationship with the deceased for 5 months and rented a room on the 2nd floor of the crime scene, where the deceased was not employed. Mr. Chalerm is a breadwinner, and Mr. Chalerm is angry and jealous. The incident occurred around 4 p.m. yesterday (Dec. 4). Ms. Metini and her friends bought white liquor and ate at a restaurant near the Port Authority. After everyone was drunk, they dispersed back home. Mr. Chalerm took Ms. Metini back to the rented house on the way to a jealous fight, finding out that Ms. Metini had a heart for her bandmates until she heard a violent argument until she came home downstairs. Mr Chalerm used a pocket knife to slit his throat. Miss Methini until the trachea is broken. Blood streaked across the floor. Mr. Chalerm dragged Ms. Methini's body under the stairs leading up to the 2nd floor and went up to cover her body with a blanket on the room. THE NEIGHBOURS SAW NO ONE DARED TO HELP BECAUSE THEY SAW IT AS A HUSBAND AND MR CHALERM WAS ANGRY AND HOSTED. He wiped the blood on his body and on Ms. Metini's neck, followed her roommate to help carry Ms. Metini's body upstairs to her room. But when he learned that Ms. Metini had died, he placed the body in front of the room. Cover it with a blanket and escape. Initially, the investigators examined witnesses at the scene and gathered evidence to present to the court to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Chalerm. He has been charged with intentional homicide. The corpse was given to grateful foundation volunteers for forensic delivery. Chulalongkorn Hospital for further thorough dissection
List of former khaki generals to be nominated for the chair of the Qualified Police Commissioner|File photo***"Former Khaki General" pats his feet to apply for the chair of the qualified police commissioner according to the "Police Act 2022". famous Lt. Gen. Rewach Knokkesorn Also on December 5, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters (Sq.) The reporter reported that according to the notification of the Office of the Police Commissioner dated November 15, 2022 on the recruitment of persons to be elected as qualified police commissioners under Section 15 of the Police Commission. 22 (4) (a) of the National Police Act B.E. 2565 (2022) is open to interested parties between November 21 and December 5, 2022. Lt. Gen. Greerin Inkaew 2. Maj. Gen. Chaiya Siriampankul 3. Maj. Gen. Sarayut Poonthanya 4. 6. Lt. Gen. Amnuay Nimmano 7. 8. Maj. Gen. Wittaya Thongsong 9. Maj. Gen. Sakda Techakriangkrai 10. Maj. Gen. Panya Mamen 11. 12. Lieutenant-Colonel Rewach Knokkesorn 13. Lieutenant-Colonel Pisan Mukherjee 14. Maj. Gen. Suthep Detchrak 15. 16. Maj. Gen. Century Hiranburana 17. Maj. Gen. Phisit Phisutsak 18. Maj. Gen. Weerapong Thongveeraprasert 19. Maj. Gen. Chaiporn Panichrao, 20. Lt. Gen. Sorasak Yenprem 21. Maj. Gen. Rungroj Saengkram 22. As Secretary The Electoral Commission shall collect and verify the qualifications of the candidates by having the power to retrieve the necessary documents or evidence from the candidates or to the relevant government agencies or agencies, and upon completion of the qualification examination, a list of candidates in alphabetical order shall be submitted to the Election Commission not less than 15 days before the election date, so that the Election Commission shall conduct the selection and announcement of the results of the selection according to the rules and procedures prescribed by the Election Commission.
Confused from sleepiness, The Director of The Police Department Apologize on behalf of your subordinates. Do not dodge emergency vehicles.|Chief Of Staff Clarification on the case of "Deputy Ae" Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, driving a pickup truck that refuses to dodge the emergency vehicle. Because of the confusion from drowsiness, I had to drive to pick up my wife, Yan understood my subordinates well, who did not drink alcohol and did not smoke. Facebook page posted a video of a police officer under the contract of the Police Department, Dan Khun Tod, Nakhon Ratchasima province, driving a Ford pickup truck, blocking the emergency ambulance of the Sawang Witcha Thammasat Foundation. The patient was a female, about 73 years old, who was critically ill in a red case. He was unconscious and sent to the hospital's car for urgent referral to the hospital, which was highly criticized, which later learned that the policeman was Lt. Col. Chanchai Bengchanuk, deputy senator of Dan Khun Tod, as already reported on December 5, 2022. Lieutenant-Colonel Phuthai Chao sung-noen, Director of The Dan Khun Tod Police Department In the telephone, he said he had been reported to be Lt. Col. Chanchai Bengchanuk, or Deputy Ae, deputy senator of Dan Khun Tod. He was driving to pick up his wife, who had completed her training at The Greenery Hotel Khao Yai, where his wife was an officer. In Sikhio District, deputy or Lieutenant Chanchai is a person who does not drink alcohol or does not smoke. I like to shine monks. He said he was confused by drowsiness, had to drive to pick up his wife, drove to Mittraphap Fresh Market until he reached 3 intersections at red lights and separated into bamboo forests or Lam Som Phung intersection, a distance of about 1 km. So I'm confused about whether to leave on the left or drive straight. When you get to the red light, you can talk to the rescuers about the red light, which is usually a local, you will rarely drive into the municipality of Pak Chong because of the heavy traffic. TRAFFIC IS NOT HEAVY, DEPUTY ER IS OUTSIDE THE SPONSORED AREA. He also said that he was a deputy senator and a deputy senator. Pak Chong Police Station came first. He understands that. He apologized on behalf of the deputy. The patient, the deputy said, will apologize to the rescuer and will visit the patient with some of the pictures. : Dan Khun Tod Police Station
A young man with a gun kills a friend in the middle of the road. I hurt my fingers.|A group of teenagers ride motorcycles together. One of them suddenly dropped a gun at his finger, nearly breaking it. The bullet hit a friend who was riding a motorcycle and killed him in the middle of the road in Bang Khun Thian district at 21.55 a.m. on Dec. 5, 2022. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Samae Dam Police Department received a report of a fatal gunshot at a bus stop in front of Vattana Industrial Co., Ltd., located between Soi Rama 2 81 and 83, Samae Dam Subdistrict, Bang Khun Thian District, Bangkok. Lt. Col. Boonsongwit Saeng Room, Samae Dam Police Department Lt. Col. Jesadaporn Onthong Deputy Commissioner of Police, Samae Dam Forensic Officer Forensic doctors, Siriraj Hospital and The Patek Tueng Foundation rescue team at the scene were on the side of a bus stop under a pedestrian overpass. A body was found. Mr. Benz, 17, was lying on his back, wearing a blue T-shirt. He was dressed in a blue plaid long-sleeved shirt, military green trousers and black sandals. He was wounded by a .38-caliber gunshot wound to his right hand near the milk rail. 1 bullet buried in the side of the body, 2 helmets fell about 50 meters away, the deceased motorcycle was found, honda wave 125i, white, as a new car. No license plates, parked with blood splattered on the colored set, 1 car, and also injured people were piled up with the deceased. Mr. Ta, 17, a 1st year high school student, suffered a bullet wound to the index finger of his left hand. He was initially taken to PMG Hospital earlier. The officers then collected the details found as evidence from the investigation. Ms. Piyawan, 38, the deceased's mother, who heard the news and came to see her son's body in tears, testified that he worked in a factory and stayed at a rented house on Bang Khun Thian Beach Road. He broke up with Benz's father when he was young and raised his own child to this day, until about 3 weeks ago. Benz asked to be separated from his friends, claiming that he would continue his studies. He did not know which friend he was with because he had a habit of being attached to his friends. Benz didn't do any work. I didn't finish school. M.3 When the money is not available, he will come to the house or transfer it to him, which he sees the last time he goes back to get his clothes at home. Not discussed. Mr. Sarawut Meesap, 23, a security guard of Vattana Industrial Co., Ltd., who was at the guard house in front of the company, said that before the incident, he was on duty as usual. The police officers searched the vicinity of the spot where the body was found, and found 1 unfired .38-caliber bullet, a knife, a sword, and 4 blades hidden in the undergrowth at the company's fence. While standing at the scene of the accident, 2 persons, later known as Mr. Nont (pseudonym) aged 17 and Mr. Watt (pseudonym) aged 17. When he arrived at the bus stop, he heard a gunshot before Mr. Benz parked his car and fell face down and died. Tailgaters He admitted to having made a .38-caliber pen gun that hit himself in the finger and missed being killed by a friend. Mr. Ta then threw firearms and ammunition into the undergrowth. They also took the knife they carried for self-defense and hid it on the fence by the company's walls. Fearing initial guilt, the officers went to arrest him. Mr. Ta at the hospital for legal proceedings. The firearms were not found at the scene because the suspect could not determine exactly where they were thrown away.
An explosion occurred on the railway tracks in Songkhla. 3 dead in road repair worker|Image from breaking news file A second bomb exploded near where the 707th freight train derailed in Ban Tha Pho area. Khlong Ngae-Sadao T.Tha Pho Sadao district killed 3 road maintenance workers and blocked the area due to the incident of a container train. Train 707 Hat Yai-Padang Besar derailed in Ban Tha Pho area. Between Khlong Ngae and Sadao Area T.Tha Pho Sadao, Songkhla At noon on Dec. 3, 2022, 11 of the 20 locomotives were derailed on the side of the road, and on Dec. 4, 2022, officials from the military, police, administrative and explosives recovery units, and railway officials inspected the damaged tracks. For the first time after the area was cleared to safety, the tracks were found to be heavily damaged. There is a torn condition. While the train bogie was still on the rails and overturned on the side of the road, especially the bombed bogie cabinets, the wheels fell off the rails and the sleepers fell apart, and the force of the bombs also caused the containers to tear. THE HAT YAI MAINTENANCE UNIT WILL BEGIN TO RECOVER SOME OF THE WRECKAGE AND SPONSORED, WHILE YESTERDAY (DEC. 5) THE RAILWAY HAS TAKEN MACHINERY TO LIFT THE DERAILED BOGIES AND CONTAINERS AND HAS BEGUN THE RESTORATION OF THE ENTIRE RAILWAY LINE. On the morning of Dec. 6, 2022, an explosion occurred on a railway track not too far from where the train was bombed. The blast killed seven workers of the Hat Yai maintenance unit that repaired the tracks and recovered bogies, killing three and injuring at least four. List of deceased No progress has yet been revealed to be announced further.
A jealous man caught another young wife and strangled him to death, calling the police to arrest him.|Jealous husband, caught wife chatting with other guys, arranged to open the room, sat down to drink beer. Wait until my wife falls asleep. He strangled him to death before calling his sister to inform him that he had killed his wife and called the police at Bo Win Police Station to arrest him at 04.00 a.m. on December 6, 2022. Sriracha district, Chonburi province, was informed that someone had been strangled to death. After receiving the notification, they coordinated with Pure Yeung Tai Rescue. Sriracha jointly investigated the crime scene, it is a rented room no. 273/135, room 16 Moo 5, T. Bowin. After checking inside the room, the deceased was found to be a woman, later known as Ms. Maliwan Promsri, 28, a resident of Ubon Ratchathani province. The perpetrator was Mr. Sathit Sripaphan, 27, a Buriram resident, who was the husband of the deceased. It is learnt that the perpetrators had been in a relationship with the deceased for more than 7 years. The deceased was an employee of a factory in Bo Win Industrial Estate, where the perpetrator had previously noticed that his girlfriend's behavior had changed and had been caught secretly talking to a man in an old factory who had worked in April. I got back from work to my room. He found out that his girlfriend wasn't in his room, so he went to buy a beer and drank it, and the phone followed his girlfriend back. He waited for his girlfriend to fall asleep so he could peek at his phone and found his girlfriend's phone talking to a man, but his girlfriend did not accept it. The perpetrator then used force to strangle the deceased and the perpetrator called to tell his sister that he had killed his wife and also called the police to arrest him in his room. Plead guilty The police handed over the body of the deceased to Pure Yeung Tai rescue. He was sent to Laem Chabang Hospital for autopsy. For the doctors to re-conclude the exact cause of death this time. After this, they will contact relatives to pick up the body for charity according to religious traditions.
Progress on the railway tracks A little further away from the first point, until Lt. 3 died, hurt 4.|The bombing of the Hat Yai-Padang Besar railway line Area 2, Ban Tha Pho T.Tha Pho In Sadao district, Songkhla province, 3 workers were killed and 4 injured until the Lt. and EOD inspected it. At 6.30 a.m. on December 6, 2022, two explosions occurred near the Hat Yai-Padang Besar railway line, just 3 kilometers from Ban Khong railway station, in Moo 2, Ban Tha Pho, Tha Pho subdistrict, Sadao district, Songkhla province. The original site of the bombing, 80 meters away, initially reported that workers of the State Railway of Thailand, who were working to recover the train wreckage and repair the tracks, killed 3 people and injured at least 4 others. It is close to the officers' headquarters, which controls the area and maintains security for the railway personnel who go in to recover and repair the tracks. At the time of the incident, a team of seven mechanics and workers of the railway were walking in and picking up gas cylinders and equipment in preparation for the bogey recovery and repair of the rails until the explosion occurred. Telephone signals have now been cut off in the area, and security agencies are investigating the scene for the seven train workers. Mr. Noppadol Panma The chief inspector of the Tungsong factory suffered minor injuries.2. Mr. Outstanding Kongsom Chief Mechanic 3. Minor injuries. Mr. Chatchai Nittalanon 4. Safe locomotive employees. Mr. Yingsak Chumtri, employee of Hat Yai Police Department (deceased)5. Mr. Nawarit Suwanchatri Employee of The Locomotive District (deceased)6. Mr. Bhumipan Petchsuk, Assistant Inspector of Locomotive District Hat Yai (deceased)7. Mr. Theerapong Nukong, an employee of Hat Yai Police Department, was safe after the incident. Lieutenant General Paisan Nusang Deputy Commander, Region 4, Mr. Surin Suriyawong Sheriff Sadao, Major General Demonstration Ponpinil The Provincial Police Investigation Team Region 9 inspected the scene and strictly prohibited outsiders from entering the scene, including EOD units from entering the scene to transport the bodies of the deceased and collect evidence. Lt. Gen. Shanti Skuntanak The commander of the 4th Division was on his way to the scene to assess the situation further. who lived very close to the crime scene. Locals said they heard a loud explosion at around 6:20 a.m. Last night, the railway authorities went to recover the bogie and repair the damaged tracks throughout the night and worked hard, leaving it to the perpetrators not to do anything to innocent people, especially the villagers in Ban Tha Pho area. Now very scared after two repeated explosions. Many of the villagers who went to slit the tires did not dare to go in to collect the latex because they were afraid, and the area was blocked.
Come to court to examine witnesses. Diving instructor accused of defamation and damaged business|cord The actress came to the Criminal Court to examine witnesses in the case of a diving instructor who posted defamatory posts on social media, damaging her reputation and business, and sued for damages of 5 million, revealing that the parties never contacted her. I don't have any news of negotiations. Criminal Court On 6 Dec 2022, there was Saipan-Ms. Apinya Sakulcharoensuk with Mr. Kriangchai Wisitsorn Lawyers have come to court to examine witnesses in the case filed. Mr. Worapan (last name reserved) Diver instructor accused of defamation by advertising Another claim of 5 million baht. He said the hearing was scheduled for late after it was postponed due to COVID-19. Although it took a long time, he understood that everything was in order, and he still believed in justice. Today, the witness is scheduled to testify about the 5 million baht damage claim. As for the wrongdoing, there is already clear evidence. Although the other party has always refused. The defendant never wanted to mediate in the case. Although he was open to the opportunity and waited for him to call all the time or could send a lawyer to talk, but after more than 2 years, there was no contact and there was no news for his side. Because there are still people who are wary. Everyone knows that the work in the entertainment industry has been doing since childhood, okay, but this is a business that they want to do because they can take care of their families in the future. They don't want to be competitors with anyone, they want to be partners, they want to work, they are kind to each other. In addition to claiming 5 million damages. HE HAS ALSO DEMANDED AN APOLOGY THROUGH HIS PERSONAL MEDIA AND FACEBOOK, AND A DECISION IS EXPECTED EARLY NEXT YEAR.
26 police officers invited "Patcharin" to identify the source of the property.|The suit unravels the case of The Hao Cabinet. Call the relevant immigration authorities from 26 locations nationwide. Interrogate whether the visa extension is correct and invite "Patcharin" to clarify the relationship, including the acquisition of property at the police club. At 10:00 a.m. on Dec. 6, 2022, the Working Group resolved the Gray Chinese Capital Business Case. Called the immigration police to testify about the issuance of gray Chinese capital business group visas to see if they were doing it correctly, and called Nominee Mr. Tu Hao to investigate as an additional witness, Maj. Gen. Pakphum Phisamai, deputy director of investigation. Provincial Police Region 4, one of the series, solved the gray Chinese capital business case. He said today that 26 immigration police nationwide were invited to deal with the suspects arrested inside the Jinling pub in Yanawa district on three main issues: whether it was correct to extend visas to Chinese nationals; Chinese people who engage in crime-related activities, such as whether or not to cut a finger in Pattaya, Chonburi province, and Chinese people who appear in all gray business groups, will be investigated to obtain factual information. No charges have been filed against anyone, but if found guilty, both disciplinary and criminal proceedings will continue. Mrs. Patcharin, who has information that she is the nominee of Mr. Chainat Kornjayanan or Tu Hao came to testify about the connection with Mr. Tu Hao, including the issue of the origin of the property. Financial Journey, Business, Basics Mrs. Patcharin Prasad will testify against the police this afternoon. If it is later found that an offence has been committed, the prosecution will be prosecuted and confirmed to ensure fairness to all parties. In addition, a former inspector-level policeman will be invited. Mrs. Patcharin's brother, who is named as a director of the company in Mr. Tu Hao's business, as well as Ms. Suchada, who is one of the directors of the company, came for interrogation on December 8 and confirmed that the police will complete the interrogation of all those involved this week in order to gather the results for the next working group. The details will be provided to the lawyer. Mrs. Patcharin said she had previously testified twice before the investigators in the gray Chinese capital case as a matter of being listed as a director of the company as well as the origin of the assets in the business. This time, Mrs. Patcharin came for the third time and insisted that she was willing to give all information to the police.
A drunk a gas station maid in Surin. Fortunately, the victim escaped in time. |Surin City Police A drunk man who grabbed a gas station maid to commit mischief was detained at the scene of the incident and brought to investigate, confessing to being drunk before raising his hand to pay homage to the victim in the case of a gas station maid in Surin province. Revealed that the villain is a man who looks drunk with volatile substances, traps him in the bathroom, hopes to rape, and is conscious of luring the villain to the maid's room. The villain, seeing the bad posture, rushes to drive the motorcycle away. The incident occurred on December 5, 2022 at 07.00 a.m., with closed-circuit footage as evidence of the latest culprit on December 6, 2022, at the Investigation Room, Mueang Surin Police Station, and brought Mr. Roongruang Marasri (the perpetrator), 25 years old, a villager. Moo 18, T.Thasawang, A.Muang, Surin The attackers intercepted a housekeeper working at a gas station in Surin province. He was arrested at the residence at 6:30 a.m. and taken to the crime scene and brought to investigate. Ms. Benyapa ,35 years old, who works as a housekeeper working at a gas station in Surin province, came to identify the perpetrator. Miss Benyapa walked in to clean up and she was sexually aroused, so she rushed to the opposite bathroom and hugged her and put her hands over her mouth to stop her from crying. Ms. Benyapa, the victim, told her that she had given up, but had to change rooms. We went to the staff room, so he surrendered and let go of his hand and came out, but the victim went to a co-worker who was walking by. He saw his bad posture and quickly walked to the motorcycle and fled, until he was arrested by the police today. Ms. Benyapa, the victim, said that today the police officers called him to identify him, which he arrived to talk to Mr. Roongruang, and the perpetrator asked to apologize.
Uncle killed cat and surrendered on 2 charges before being released. Claims of cat invading the house, ready to fight the case|Uncle kills cat, neighbor surrenders to acknowledge allegations at Tung 2 Room Police Station Tell me not to worry. No guilt. Cats invading the house are therefore entitled to action. Police charged him with animal cruelty and property damage before releasing him back home at Thung Song Hong Police Station. At 10.00 a.m. on December 6, 2022, Mr. Thien Arunjit, 68, the perpetrator of the incident shown in the video, brutally attacked the cat to death. Travel to testify and acknowledge the allegations against Lt. Col. Neti Kaewjongprasit. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Two-room field office Mr. Tien told reporters shortly before meeting with investigators that he was not worried about being called by the police today. He stated that he did not feel guilty for what he did after more than an hour of interrogation and acknowledgement of the allegations. Mr. Tian walked out with a newspaper in front of his face and told reporters not to take pictures. If anyone is going to be interviewed, bid for the price of the interview to give the news, which the reporter tries to ask about what happened. Mr. Tien said only that he was indifferent to the incident. Now let's go to the case first. The reporter asked about indemnity. Mr. Tian declined to answer. The reporter asked if the cat had come to dream. MR. TIEN SAID THAT HE WANTS TO HAVE A GOODBYE. Capt. Neti Kaewjongprasit Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Two-room field office On December 14, the accused was arrested and charged with two counts of animal cruelty, imprisonment for 2 years, a fine not exceeding 40 thousand baht, or both, and causing loss of property, imprisonment for not more than 3 years, a fine not exceeding 60 thousand baht, or both. Initially, the accused confessed to being the real perpetrator and claimed to be the owner of the house. Cats invade the house. They have the right to do that.
The court dismissed the case. raisin Chonthicha and 3 others protested in front of the prison in 2020.|Photo from Facebook Lookkate Chonthicha - raisin Chonthicha The North Bangkok District Court dismissed the case against "Raisin Chonthicha" and 3 of them. Emergency Medical Services Act Other charges were filed in front of Bangkok Special Prison and Khlong Prem Central Prison. On October 19, 2020, on December 6, 2022, at the North Bangkok District Court, Government Center, Chaengwattana Road. The court scheduled a hearing on the case filed by the district court prosecutor. Ms. Cholthisha promptly, Mr. Thachpong or Chatchai Kaedam and Dr. Tosaporn Serirak for violations. Serious Emergency Decree, failure to notify public gatherings under the Public Assembly Act, obstruction of sidewalks under the Traffic Act, obstruction of public roads under Section 385 of the Criminal Code, and use of amplifiers without permission to assemble in front of Bangkok Special Prison and Khlong Prem Central Prison. On Oct. 19, 2020, a rally was held at Kaset Junction and in front of the Bangkok Special Prison to demand the release of activists arrested and detained for political protests. Call for the lifting of the state of emergency. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha resigned. Gen Prayuth declared a serious state of emergency in Bangkok and released 19 inmates in the Isaan protests, causing people to gather in front of the gates of Khlong Prem Central Prison. The police of Prachachuen Police Station prosecuted the three activists and the prosecutor filed a case with the North Bangkok District Court. On Oct. 12, 2021, all the defendants came to the court to consider that when considering the statements, no statements were made. It is characterized as inciting unrest. Such activities are only labeled in front of them. Bangkok Special Prison There were 20 students and 40 members of the media, who did not appear to have committed acts of violence, only to hold meetings to encourage inmates and organize events. Therefore, the fact that the 1st defendant posted such messages and pictures on Facebook does not invite people to gather or do anything that incites unrest in front of the special prison. However, the plaintiff did not show that the 2nd and 3rd defendants were involved in the eating of sugarcane in front of the Bangkok Special Prison. Therefore, it cannot be heard that the three defendants jointly organized the rally in the area. Although later, the prosecution witness testified that after the activity of eating labok cane was completed. Some of the people went to Khlong Prem Central Prison because they heard that the 19 inmates would be released, so they came to pick them up, and some of the people joined them, until about 300 people attended in front of Khlong Prem Central Prison. In front of Khlong Prem Central Prison, he turned and spoke through an amplifier that 19 inmates would be released at 21 a.m. Witnesses did not see any signs or messages inviting people to join the rally. Each protester will do an activity or display any symbol, it is their own thing. Another police witness testified that defendant Nos. 2 and 3 spoke through an amplifier to encourage the protesters to keep fighting. Up to 300 people gathered to greet the person in front of Khlong Prem Central Prison, where he was released. Therefore, it cannot be heard that the three defendants jointly organized the rally at Khlong Prem Central Prison, neither the plaintiff witness testified that the 1st defendant spoke through an amplifier, only informing that the inmates would be released. Defendants 2 and 3 are merely encouraging remarks. According to the three defendants' investigators, upon learning of the release of the prisoners, they came to the central prison. It is believed that it is only a trip to pick up the inmates and help maintain order in the waiting group. They do not participate in any gatherings. Although the group stood blocking sidewalks and blocking traffic lanes in front of The Bangkok Special Prison and Khlong Prem Central Prison, it was heard that the three defendants had not organized the rally and participated in the rally. Since the plaintiffs failed to establish that the three defendants committed any acts that obstructed the sidewalks or any paths provided for pedestrians, it is not possible to punish the three defendants for the offences in determining whether the three defendants jointly used power amplifiers without the permission of the authorities. Although the lead plaintiff and the three defendants agreed that the three defendants spoke through an amplifier, under the Control of Advertising using Amplifiers Act, 1950, Section 4 provides that: However, the investigating officer testified that the witness did not check in writing to the Chatuchak District Office whether permission to use the amplifier was requested. Neither the plaintiff nor the plaintiff had any evidence to show that the power amplifier belonged to anyone. Therefore, there is reasonable doubt as to whether the three defendants committed the offence. Therefore, the benefit of the doubt shall be given to the defendant for dismissal.
Disciplinary examination Deputy Inspector Dan Khun Tad - Do not dodge emergency vehicles Report 15 Dec|Korat governor moves to send an urgent letter to the director to order the establishment of a disciplinary investigation committee "Deputy Ae" Deputy Senator Spy Dan Khun Tod driving a pickup truck that refuses to dodge the emergency vehicle by reporting the results by December 15 in case the Facebook page posted a video of a police officer under the contract level under the Police Department of Dan Khun Tod, Nakhon Ratchasima province, driving a Ford pickup truck, obstructing the emergency ambulance of Sawang Wicha Thammasat Foundation, Pak Chong. The patient was a female, about 73 years old, who was critically ill in a red case. He was unconscious and sent to the hospital's car to be transferred to the hospital urgently, which was highly criticized, which later learned that the policeman was Lt. Col. Chanchai Bengchanuk, deputy senator of Dan Khun Tod Police Station, who met with the investigating officer, Pak Chong Police Station, to acknowledge the allegations of wrongdoing. Section 76(2) of the Traffic Act while driving when you see an emergency vehicle using flashing lights or hear sirens or other sound signals. The car must be stopped or parked on the left side and fined 500 baht, according to the latest update on December 6, 2022. The Chief of Police of Nakhon Ratchasima province has the most urgent letter to Pol. Col. Phuthai Chao sung noen, director of the Dan Khun Tod Police Department, to investigate the facts of the case and take disciplinary action by reporting the results by December 15, 2022. Pol. Col. Phuthai Chao sung noen, director of the Dan Khun Tod Police Department, revealed that after the incident, he called Lieutenant Colonel Chanchai Bengchanuk, or Deputy Ae, Deputy Senator Dan Khun Tod, came to inquire about the facts. HE EXPLAINED TO HIM THAT HE DID NOT INTEND TO DRIVE IN THE WAY OF THE EMERGENCY VEHICLE, WHICH AT THE TIME OF THE ACCIDENT WAS PARKED AT A RED LIGHT AND DID NOT SEE THE SIREN OF THE EMERGENCY VEHICLE BEHIND THE SPONSORED, THEN HEARD THE EMERGENCY VEHICLE OFFICER ANNOUNCE THAT HE SHOULD DODGE THE EMERGENCY VEHICLE, WHICH AT THAT TIME HE WAS CONFUSED AND THOUGHT ABOUT WHICH WAY TO DODGE BECAUSE HE WAS PARKED AT A RED LIGHT. Initially, the supervisor ordered him to pay a legal fine and conduct a disciplinary examination. After this, the police officer who drove the pickup truck contacted the emergency vehicle officer and apologized for the incident.
A gunman shot his friend dead. The doctor informed him that he had to stay in the hospital for another day to wait for the murder to be interrogated.|Khon Kaen city police chief says police officer shot dead friend The doctor informed him that he will continue to be treated for 1 day and will be taken to the hospital for questioning. To find out the cause of the killing Because initially only knew the perpetrator was stressed because the mobile phone was lost from the case of Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49 years old, the director of the group. 2nd District Police Department Nong Waeng Nong Bua Daeng Chaiyaphum He used a 9 mm firearm to shoot 44-year-old Lt. Col. Conquer Saenkhan. 2nd District Police Department Tambon Nai Mueang, Amphur Muang, Khon Kaen Province, Die Ka Pom Guard, entrance to the community of the house, Tchod 2, which is in the Ban Nong Hai area. M.8 The incident occurred on the morning of December 5, 2022, and the police and the TTC were able to detain Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, by shooting him in the left leg and injuring him and being taken to Khon Kaen Hospital for treatment. Detained 49-year-old Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, a gunman who used a 9mm firearm, and shot 44-year-old Dr. Chait Saenkhan while attending a guard booth. The entrance to the house, TCHOD Region 2, has sent a gunman who was shot in the left leg by an officer to treat the wound at Khon Kaen Hospital, where the doctor treated him in the ICU by giving disinfectant, but it does not affect the bones. Investigators will then take him to investigate so that he can find out the cause of the shooting of a fellow police officer. The police said the cause was because at the moment it is only known that the gunman was stressed about losing his mobile phone. AS FOR THE OTHER MATTERS, NO ONE HAS PROVIDED INFORMATION, AND ONCE THE INVESTIGATION OF THE GUNMAN IS COMPLETED, THE CAUSE CAN BE CONCLUDED.
Catch a young VK app admin selling sneaky clips under his skirt. A young woman was found to be a victim of scandal.|Cyber police arrest a young computer engineer for shooting under his skirt Open a secret group in the VK app and collect a membership fee. More than 39 celebrities have been found to have been secretly filmed at the event. He was shot at 12:30 p.m. on Dec. 6, 2022, at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Kantapong Chairungruang Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Runglert Kanthachan, Ph.D. Lt. Col. Nonthapat Yodkaew, Deputy Chief of Police, along with cyber police officers, searched houses in Moo 12 area. Na Pa District A.Muang, Chonburi Mr. Worasak Sriworawiboon, 31, a computer engineer who made a queue card system with 2 notebook computers, 4 external harddisks, 4 mobile phones and 1 camera, was an administrator, admin and leader of knee information to the system on the Akashi vip page and was a beneficiary of members who applied to the secret group to watch the sneaky video under the skirt of schoolchildren. 259 clips of students and young women, Pol. Lt. Gen. Worawat said, as a result of the investigation, they learned that there were users of the VK community page. Good looking, pornography, photos under children's skirts. Women have administrators, administrators, VK programs, accounts look good, have advertised to the general public who wish to see the video clip secretly taken under the skirt of the girl, apply to join the group, with the cost of entering the group at various prices of 250-1,000 baht. The VK program is named Akashi vip 1, and then there will be 527 images that the admin has posted to the computer system in the group, exactly as advertised. The images posted include stills and motion pictures, as well as pornography under the skirts of young women in many different places. He said that in the past, there have been incidents of women committing suicide due to sexual harassment. If women are harassed and unacceptable, then they cannot be short-lived in society and seen as stigma. The authorities then proceeded to arrest and prosecute the accused, and also warned women wearing short skirts to be careful when walking in public. This is an important target that the accused uses to select the victim. Pol. Lt. Gen. Worawat said that he would like to remind the public that the accused group will secretly shoot under the skirt of women by using a small camera to hide in their sneakers and hide them in a backpack. Mr. Worasak, the accused, admitted that the attacker used his mobile phone to sneak under the woman's skirt by choosing the target, wearing a short skirt above the knee and walking carelessly. mall Convenience store THE ACCUSED SPONSOR SAID THAT IT STARTED FROM PERSONAL PREFERENCE TO WATCH PORNOGRAPHIC CLIPS REGULARLY AND THEN TRIED IT HIMSELF. In the period before entering a full-time job, in 1 week, you will get about 2-3 clips and collect them on the computer until 2021, wanting to earn money, so they set up a secret group on the VK website, which is a central website used to exchange secretly filmed clips under the skirt. The group has about 30 to 40 members, and the reporter asked if a female family member or girlfriend was secretly filmed like this. Mr. Worasak said that if he responded in a good way, he would say, "Don't do it again," but if you respond emotionally, "I'm very angry that someone is doing this to someone in my family." Officials investigating External Harddisk found that the footage was secretly filmed under the skirts of 39 top stars in the entertainment industry, such as Aum Pacharapa. May Pichanat Vermicelli It is a clip in which the star goes to an event and is secretly filmed. Mr. Worasak denied that he was not the one who took the photo, claiming that he had exchanged it from a member of the group in exchange for the secret footage that the accused had, but when he exchanged it, he released it in a secret group and charged him with sponsoring. Whoever possesses child pornography for sexual exploitation for himself or others. Any person who commits any act against another person that is bullying, harassing, threatening or causing embarrassment or annoyance and an offence under the Computer Crime Act before being detained for further prosecution.
Deputy Porridge The examination of "Patcharin-Lin", the knot of nominees, the treasures of the cabinet Hao, has not been found to be unusual.|"Surachet Hakpal" Deputy Inspector General Rudd "Patcharin-Lin" Knotnominee "Tu Hao-Chainat Kornjayanan" to continue the financial path of foreclosure. I believe there is still a lot of cash in the case, the working group solved the gray Chinese capital business case. Called the immigration police to testify in a case related to the issuance of a gray Chinese capital business group visa to see if it was done correctly and called Mrs. Patcharin, who has information that she is Mr. Chainat's nominee. Kornjayanan, or Tu Hao, came to testify about the connection with Mr. Tu Hao, including the issue of the origin of the property. The news was announced at 12:00 p.m. on December 6, 2022, at the Police Club. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, also attended the investigation. The police today invited Ms. Patcharin and Ms. Lin, both of whom are listed as directors of the company, of which Mr. Tu Hao is the chairman of the board. This will be examined as a witness, financial transactions. Financial route Disbursement Because the two have received payments in and out of the company With the names of shareholders of 3-4 companies And both are friends Because they believe that there is still a lot of cash in The Hao Cabinet That both of them have already testified before, and including the issue of relationship with Mr. Tu Hao. No anomalies have been found so far, but after this the police will investigate them thoroughly. If found guilty, it will proceed without omission, and expedite the inspection of all financial routes in order to process the seizure of all assets. The deputy commissioner said the former inspector-general and Mrs. Suchada will testify on Thursday, Dec. 8, on issues of authority, financial routes, etc. As there is a list of directors of The Hao Cabinet. It has also invited the immigration police. The head of more than 20 stations testified back in 2020 about gray Chinese people, about Jinlin Pub, Top One Pub, Club One, and all nominee Chinese, as well as the origin of gray Chinese visas. There is a visa renewal agent. There are claims of receiving benefits and misuse of visas, claiming to be students. IF FOUND GUILTY, THE MATTER WILL BE SENT TO THE MINISTRY OF INTERIOR AND ORDERED TO BE CLOSED IMMEDIATELY.
Police officer drunk on lamppost, refuses to blow alcohol, social media top form|Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Phoncharoen Police Station, Buengkan Province A drunk cab hits a utility pole. Social media unfolded to hand money to journalists before being denied and refused to measure the alcohol content at the scene of the incident in case Page wants to be loud enough to arrange for Retrine part 5.2 to post a video clip with the message that drunk driving = murder, even more so that the state police should concentrate on disciplinary action on December 5, 2022 at 7:00 p.m. #ตํารวจขับรถชนเสาไฟฟ้าตรวจพบภายในรถมีขวดเหล้าขาวตกอยู่ภายในรถ Handing money to journalists before being rejected by journalists. Report of a sedan hitting a utility pole At the U-turn at The New Road Around The City, Mak Khaeng Subdistrict, Muang District, Udon Thani Province, from the scene of the accident, a black Mazda sedan with registration number 1 กฒ 6838 Bangkok, the front condition was damaged. A bottle of white liquor was found inside the car and a police uniform. The car was seen staggering before the accident. Lt. Col. Pathanin Petchalua Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Muang Udon Thani Police Station He refused to measure the alcohol content at the scene, claiming that the driver, who was a policeman, would be taken to Muang Udon Police Station for an alcohol test. The journal has not yet been filled with alcohol, but the case is progressing. At 12:00 p.m. on December 6, 2022, reporters arrived at the scene. U-turn area, 2nd bus station, road around the city, Udon Thani municipality 1 U-turn sign was found to have been broken and 1 electric pole was broken by Lt. Col. Sasuke Chandawan, Deputy Commissioner of Udon Thani Police Department. Acting Head of Ban Chiang District in front of the 2nd Police Station, Muang District, Udon Thani Province Eyewitnesses said they received a report from The Radio Center that the sedan had crashed into the middle of the road, so they went to investigate the scene and found a black Mazda sedan, registration number 1 กฒ 6838, Bangkok. It crashed into the middle of the road, causing the U-turn sign to break and a light pole to break over a van parked behind it. The driver of the car was found to be a man who looked like a military officer or a policeman, was intoxicated, so he went to inquire for convenience, but the man spoke loudly and fussed in a deflected manner, so he stepped back to facilitate traffic not to get stuck because he was afraid of a double accident. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) THE UDON THANI POLICE INVESTIGATED, BUT THE MAN REFUSED TO TEST THE AMOUNT OF ALCOHOL. Maj. Gen. Chamorn Andee, Director, Udon Thani Police Department He said he had received a report from Lt. Col. Pathanin Petchakao. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Udon Thani police said that at 7 p.m. on December 5, there was Lt. Col. Jirasak Udtaka, 42, deputy senator (investigation). Phoncharoen Police Station, Bueng Kan province, was intoxicated and drove into the middle of the road around the city, causing road signs and electric poles to illuminate, and the van of Mr. Montri Maynuay, 48 years old, who was driving behind, was damaged. Lighting Poles The road sign, which was the victim and the owner of the van, for which the perpetrator was responsible for the damage, did not behave aggressively because he did not resist when he was taken to Udon Thani Hospital for alcohol testing. The investigators prosecuted him for "driving while intoxicated" and reported it to the agency.
DJ Man-Baitoey has submitted all the documents in the forex sharing case and will submit it to prosecutors early next year.|"DJ Man-Baitoey" has submitted documents to resolve allegations of Forex-3D sharing and financial transaction documents. Director, Informal Financial Business Litigation Division, DSI He confirmed that he would send the case to prosecutors early next year, of course, on Nov. 28. Lt. Col. Vishnu Chimprakul, director of DSI's Informal Financial Business Litigation Division, said that among the 16 accused (Lot DJ Man and Pandan) from the Forex-3D sharing case, they must expedite the submission of financial transaction data documents requested by the bank to clarify the financial route, including the resolution of the allegations, by Dec. 6 to reach the stage where the investigators will conclude the evidence and have an opinion on the case. The Office of the Special Prosecutor 4 by the beginning of next year (2023), as reported continuously, is already the latest development. At 1:00 p.m. on December 6, 2022, at the Ministry of Justice, Lt. Col. Vishnu, director of DSI's Informal Financial Business Litigation Division, said that the case of two husbands and wives, famous artists and DJs. Ms. Sutheewan Kuncharn or Baitoey and Mr. Pattanapol Kuncharn or DJ Man have completed the submission of the allegations and financial transaction documents. The section was delayed due to years of financial reversal. Therefore, the Bank takes time to process, and there is also the PDPA or Personal Data Protection Act that the Bank must be careful about. It's not just a single money line, a person has a lot of financial transactions, and when he brings a statement of accounts to clarify with the investigator, it is necessary to declare the numbers. MR. VISHNU ALSO SAID THAT THE DSI ACTUALLY GIVES THE PERIOD UNTIL DECEMBER 6, HOWEVER, IF ANY OF THE ACCUSED ARE STILL HAVING TROUBLE REQUESTING BANK STATEMENTS, WE CAN STILL GET THEM OUT OF THE WAY BECAUSE THE BANK IS DIRECTLY INVOLVED. If anyone agrees to hand over the documents, how much? Because we don't want to extend it any further and insist that by early next year, the DSI will definitely send the case in Lot 16 to the prosecutor.
Police arrested and brutally murdered a 34-year-old man claiming to be jealous of several men.|Police caught a 55-year-old man using a knife to slash his 34-year-old wife's neck and drag her body under a staircase. Claiming to have done it because of jealousy of the woman, having an affair and having many men courting the director of the port police, deposit, do not look at domestic violence as just an internal matter. He used a knife to slash his wife's neck, blood spilling from a rented house in Wat Khlong Toei Nai community, leaving her body under the stairs, falling late at night to wipe the female's flesh and calling a friend to help carry the body upstairs to know that she had died. He covered his body with a blanket before fleeing at 10:00 a.m. on December 6, 2022, at the Port Police Station. Lt. Col. Santichai Chansatien S.W. (Investigation) The Port Police detained Mr. Chalerm Rakphet, 55, who is accused of killing Ms. Metni Vettaisong, 34, from the investigation room to be taken to the detention room of the hotel. On the way, Mr Chalerm revealed that he admitted that he had been drinking together and scolded his girlfriend for being angry about jealousy because he had seen his girlfriend having an affair and had several people on several occasions. The cause of death may have been more falling, as he was about to climb the stairs and pulled his leg until he fell and hit the stairs. When I brought the body to the second floor, I didn't think I was dead. He still slept with the deceased all night, did not know when he died, but when he found out that he was still weak, but in the morning he knew that he had died, he was very sorry, accepted all the accusations and wanted to die. On the day of the incident, the couple sat drinking together. When he got drunk, he was jealous of the deceased. Before the tragedy occurred. The perpetrator initially pleaded guilty to the charge of intentionally killing another person and did not take him to make a plan for safety and prevent the protests, but will be taken into custody by tomorrow as the investigators have not completed the investigation. Preliminary from interrogation There was no intention to disguise the corpse, and it was only seen that the deceased had a wound on his neck but not very deep. The perpetrator asked for help to take him to his room and the perpetrator tried to cover the wound on his neck. He was not involved and was not prosecuted for the weapons used in the crime. Traces of the wound were found to be sharp objects, presumably a cutter, but the weapon was not found, as the perpetrator claimed to be intoxicated and did not know where to throw it. He ordered the investigators to continue searching for the central items. As for the history of the perpetrators, they used to take drugs, but since their teenage years, they have only been found at the time of their arrest. He did not use any other drugs, the port police chief said, adding that domestic violence is quite prevalent in the community. Don't look at it as just an internal matter. If you can help, ask for help. At 12.00 p.m., Mrs. Cat (pseudonym), aged 55, the deceased's sister came to see the investigators to obtain documents to obtain the body. He said he was relieved to have caught the perpetrator. He had warned his sister many times not to date this man, but he couldn't do much because the deceased had a lot of men courting. Her sister is an alcoholic, making her life quite chaotic. Don't listen to anything. How many men have quarreled, all of them have not been fooled? Most of the problems that are often quarreled with are money and gold, and the men who court, including the perpetrators, often force their sisters to take money and rice from their father, Luang Ta. If you go slowly, hit it. The more the deceased has other men, the more they fight, fighting every day until the neighbors are angry, until the landlord of the rental house often can't stand it, wants to move out because of the chaos"Admitting that the sister is a disease without men, usually there are 5-10 men in a circle, sometimes there are 3-4 men beating each other on the house, staying with anyone, including the perpetrator. His sister was a pedophile, an alcoholic, and drug addict, and the deceased was not the only perpetrator, but several men in the community. And no matter which man is with it, they get beaten and beaten. They also have a habit of tricking people into taking money from The King for personal use and getting involved men." Mrs. Cat continued, "For my sister's heart. I admit to being angry with the perpetrator, but what can I do? It's already happened. As for the deceased, he knew that his sister would have to have this fate, because last year the deceased had a small child attached to him, but was killed by a man who was involved (a different person from the perpetrator) who had already warned his sister not to take the child with him. This would have been fateful to have been killed by a man in a relationship. Two days ago, he took his sister to make merit, and the day he found the body, he arranged to take his sister to the bat, but in the morning he found out that his sister did not come out to put the bat, until he went to the house until he found that he was dead. This nation can't fix anything else.
"Not Lottery Plus" reveals that the company pays taxes and fines totaling more than 190 million baht.|"Not Lottery Plus" the company pays taxes with fines totaling more than 190 million. If there is evidence as claimed, open it. Don't be afraid at 4:00 p.m. on December 6, 2022 at The Online Lottery Company Limited Office, 12th Floor, SSP Tower Ekamai. Lottery Plus Division" Revealed the preparation of a lawsuit for damages from Mr. Santhana Prayrat. Former Special Branch police officer: 100 million baht Accusing his company of evading VAT payments, Mr Panthawat said that mr Santhana accused the online lottery company of tax evasion. Previously, I didn't charge my customers because I was studying the law. Knowing that they could do it, they paid back taxes and paid a total penalty of 190 million baht. In 2021, it paid 2.4 million baht because the company opened in September, and half this year paid 9.7 million baht. In this case, on December 1, he authorized his lawyers to file charges against Mr. Santhana at the Criminal Court. In the case of defamation and demanding 100 million baht. Accusing him of drug trafficking, Mr. Panthawat said that the case at Thonglor Police Station where Mr. Santhana and his men trespassed three times since January and June 2021. He claimed to have come to inspect his company and had already filed a trespassing charge because the general public did not have the right to inspect it unless he was an officer and had to apply for the approval of the subpoena. After 5 months, the events of that day When Mr. Santhana and his men arrived, they sent their subordinates to talk to the building's security guards and came up to the office, which had more than 60 million baht in cash and a lottery worth 400 million baht. With uneasiness. So he invited them to go upstairs to the office by taking the elevator. It was confirmed that Mr. Santhana and his men entered without appointment and without their permission. He asked him to open the evidence as alleged, before asking him to go live. This was after the incident. In addition, Mr. Santhana has informed him of the charge of importing false information into the computer crime system. After posting a video of them entering the office and posting it on Facebook and he met and denied it to the police, Mr. Panthawat, or "Not Kong Lottery Plus", said that However, Mr. Santhana also said that he knew the address of himself and his family. If Mr. Santhana has any evidence as alleged, he insists that he is not afraid. Let's open it.
"Santhana" yay "Not" willing to pay a hundred one. 100 million for sleeping pills|"Santhana Prayurarat" is willing to pay "Not Kong Lottery Plus" 100 baht for sleeping pills, knot was sued for 100 million, pointing out that the petition filed has only 1 page of paper, as if playing fun with the court, unfolding the story of exposing gray Chinese capital, there is a director behind the scenes, someone gave information to "Chuvit" at 3.00 pm on December 6, 2022 at Thonglor Police Station. The former Special Branch police chief spoke about the progress in the case of Panthawat Nakvisut or Not. The CEO of Lottery Plus Division has filed a complaint with thonglor police investigators accusing him of trespassing in the office of Lottery Plus Division. On June 18, 2021, he said that he had come to inquire because the accused had said that the investigating officer had already filed an opinion on the case and that the case was in court. According to the investigation, the case has not yet been filed. The case number was set because the investigating officer was in the process of examining the evidence he had previously reported. On defamation charges against Nott We affirm that there is no claim for damages as Nott has filed defamation charges and claims for damages. 100 Million Baht Because he intended Nott to go to jail, Mr. Santhana said that the 100 million baht damages he called for him were willing to pay 100 baht, and that Not used this money to buy sleeping pills to continue dreaming. BECAUSE THE PETITION FILED BY KNOTT IS ONLY ONE PAGE OF PAPER, IT SEEMS LIKE A FUN PLAY WITH THE COURT AND THE JUDICIAL PROCESS. He confirmed that he went to the office on June 8, 2021 to talk because he was interested in investing because he saw that Mr. Not could actually sell tickets online for 80 baht. Before he traveled again on June 14, 2021, he was found to have an irregularity in his business operations, according to closed-circuit footage. April 22, 2022, and he found an abnormality, so he came to the journal at That's why he started collecting information from Mr. Not's company that found irregularities in its balance sheet and tax payments. At the moment, we are in the process of collecting evidence and submitting it to the Revenue Department and I would like to leave it to Mr. Nott that if he is a famous person and can claim damages of 100 million baht against him, he will ask to pay tax for the nation for the case of Chuvit Kamolvisit. He submitted a letter to the Secretary-General of the House of Representatives and the Office of the Anti-Money Laundering Commission (OIC) because the matter was not his personal or a direct victim but a matter in which Mr. Chuvit's behavior caused damage to government facilities. And the other issue is that Mr. Chuvit has information on his and other financial transactions before making them public. This causes people who do business to be damaged and worried about continuing to do business. I want the P.O.C. to investigate because if a person like Mr. Chuvit has access to other people's financial transactions. It doesn't need a PN. Mr. Santhana said that tomorrow, Dec. 7, there will be a detailed statement on the background of the gray Chinese capital business that there is a director behind it. Panthawat (@ceonot) TikTok
The 4th Division commander accepted the dismantling of the training plan. Check - misrepresent the trainer according to the system.|The commander of Region 4 apologized to parents for their child's kidney failure. Today, 9 doctors have been allowed to go home, revealing that the investigation into the abuse of the trainer is fair—it is said to follow the system. On the parent side, Ode lacks income to monitor their children's symptoms. There was no money to pay the loan debt at 2.30 p.m. on December 6, 2022. The commander of the 4th Division visited Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital to monitor his condition and visit to comfort 17 parents and first-year military students who fell ill from training and suffered from severe necrosis and acute kidney failure. After receiving the military training for the 3rd day, which is scheduled for 8 days at narathiwat school military sub-training center, dr. Anocha Sonthikanok, deputy medical director of Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital. Lieutenant Colonel Red Needle Deputy Chief of Staff Narathiwat and Lt. Col. Power Phuthong, 33rd Deputy Chief of Staff The 17 students were treated in different rooms during the visit. Lt. Gen. Shanti The 4th Region Commander apologized to the parents and children for the incident and asked about the condition of all the children. Good morale and when recovering from illness. In order to put measures in place, there will be a physical examination of the UDD, especially the pee test, which is set at 4 levels. WHEN THE BODY IS READY TO CONTINUE TRAINING, TO PREVENT HISTORY FROM REPEATING ITSELF, THE CAPTAIN CLAIMS GUILT. This gives the sick parents, including sick children, a bright expression on their faces. Be confident in the words the captain has said. After the 4th Division commander visited the 17 sick students, baskets were given to soothe and cheer them up. Everyone was grateful to hear the promise of the commander-in-chief that a total of 23 first-year students who fell ill from training at the Military Sub-Training Center at Narathiwat School suffered from both necrosis and acute kidney failure. Five people were admitted to The Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital, 18 of whom were hospitalized. The condition improved until the doctors allowed 6 people to return to their homes, 5 to Ruesaw Hospital, 1 to Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital, and only 1 person to be admitted to Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital. Only 17 people were allowed in one place, and by the evening of this day the doctors had allowed it. The student, who was ill and underwent treatment until he had normal symptoms, was allowed to return home. 3 people remained treated at Narathiwat Hospital, 14 of them were treated. 8 out of 17 people still need dialysis or dialysis, which requires close medical attention, which in 2 or 3 days a week will require dialysis or dialysis. Look at the kidney values for contaminants in the bloodstream. In each person, does the kidney condition improve accordingly? The 4th Division commander said: "The eyes of all the children have improved a lot. Today many more children have been discharged from the hospital, and the next two days have come out, and I have asked all 17 children, all the fighting children, I will dismantle the new system, train military students, have to sit down and talk about how to prevent this from happening again. We don't call it a remedy, but rather a care that parents and relatives have to travel to. We'll take care of it truthfully. We have to follow the regulations, if it is done, there will be complaints in this regard. We'll take care of him if he's really sick here, I said. The first day of training, I said I had to take care of as much as possible. Any parent, family without accommodation must provide it. As for who will stay for how many days, we will take care of the case of setting up a committee to investigate the incident from the trainer, it will reach me tomorrow or tomorrow. We will provide justice for the investigation. Who is involved in us going through the system, which parents, parents and the media. WE GIVE FAIRNESS TO EVERYONE, SPONSORED BY THE PARENTS OF MILITARY STUDENTS WHO WATCHED THEIR CHILDREN BEING TREATED AT NARATHIWAT RAJANAGARINDRA HOSPITAL. Ask for sympathy for those involved, saying that they have to borrow money from relatives to buy clothes. Because my child wants to study, all 3 children are in school age and no one is working. My mother runs a private school. My father worked on a day-to-day basis enough with the current economy, because the price of steaming kits was thousands. Which shirt? Where's the backpack? But we are willing to encourage our children to study, but at first we don't want them to learn, it's not about the cost, we're afraid you can't accept this kind of thing. The father had to stop working to see the baby from day one. When dad stops working, does the income come in? Think about how many baht a private school worker will get. If you're in government, that's the problem.
"Patcharin-Lin" Nearly 8 hours Lean hotel is legal.|The police interrogated Patcharin-Lin for nearly 8 hours. Kornchayanan" to track the financial path of the gray Chinese business group, the official confirmed that the Devalux Hotel, Samut Prakan province, was legally borrowing 500 million baht from the bank. Called the immigration police to testify about the case related to the issuance of visas of gray Chinese capital business groups to see if they were doing it correctly, and called Ms. Patcharin and Ms. Lin, who had information that they were Mr. Chainat's nominees. Kornjayanan, or Tu Hao, came to testify about the connection with Mr. Tu Hao, including the issue of the origin of the property. The investigation was attended by Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police. According to the news release, at 3.00 p.m. on December 6, 2022, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, revealed after preliminary investigation that:  The police issued summonses to a group of directors and close people of Mr. Tuo Hao, a total of 4. These 2 people Police found him at a spa on Saturday, Dec. 3. Make an appointment to meet with the investigator to provide information. The investigation was a detailed financial transaction of the company, and a former police officer and Mrs. Suchada scheduled to testify on Thursday, Dec. 8. The investigation issues are similar. He said he had also called the heads of 27 immigration police stations that had found information on the issuance of student visas to Chinese groups. Sponsored students, as a result of the inspection, found that some Chinese nationals did not travel to and from the country and had agents to renew their visas, as well as claiming benefits in case of issuance and misuse of visas. There are about 10 locations across the country, Pol. Gen. Surachet said, referring to foreigners, most of whom are Chinese. Buying a luxury house in a village project About 50 houses were found in La Salle on Dec. 1. Police executed a search warrant. The suspected luxury house is Mr. Du Hao's business network. However, while checking the ownership information with the project, it was found that there was still a group of foreigners, mostly Chinese, occupying several houses in the project, about 50 houses together, but there was no connection to Mr. Du Hao's gray business network. Mr. Thaweesak Boontham, a lawyer, said today's interrogation was about financial routes and information related to the hotel. As a shareholder and authorized director of the hotel, who has already provided all the information, and confirmed that Devalux Hotel in Samut Prakan province was legally established by borrowing 500 million baht from the bank. The land on which the hotel is located belongs to the mother, the relationship of the Ms. Patcharin and Tu Hao are only business associates. Ms. Patcharin has known Tu Hao for more than 10 years because Ms. Patcharin runs a tour business, while Ms. Patcharin runs a hotel business, so there must be coordination all the time. He insisted that was not true. Miss Patcharin didn't think to escape. He is still living a normal life and is ready to cooperate with the police. Investigators have not yet scheduled any further interrogations.
The SRT union condemned the collapse of the southern railway line in Songkhla province.|The SRT union issued a statement condemning the bombing of trains on the Southern Line, leading to the loss of 3rd Lt. Col. Mr. While Songkhla Hold a meeting of the administrative department to intensify security. Tomorrow (Dec. 7) in the case of the terrorists who bombed the Hat Yai-Padang Besar railway line. It is about 3 kilometers from Ban Khlong Ngae railway station in Moo 2, Tha Pho Subdistrict, Sadao District, Songkhla Province. On December 3, 2022, 11 container bogies were damaged, including the railway sleeper tracks, and on the morning of December 6, 2022, a repeated explosion killed 3 people and injured 4 officers. During that moment, he stepped on the spot where the villains buried the bomb until it exploded. The officers then splashed in different directions and died after the explosives recovery officer, or EOD, along with the dogs, conducted a re-detection of the bomb. The three bodies of the deceased could not be removed until security was cleared again until 1 p.m. On December 5th, Lt. Gen. Nandet Yoy nuan Commander of Provincial Police Region 9 with Maj. Gen. Vara Vejjapinan Songkhla Provincial Police Commander and his team came to inspect the scene. Fortunately, there was no wandering on the rocks. AS A RESULT, NO BOMBS WERE DETONATED AT 11.00 A.M., SONGKHLA GOVERNOR JESADA JITRAT, ACCOMPANIED BY Lieutenant General Paisan Nusang Deputy Commanding General, 4th Division, Maj. Gen. Sathit Polpinit Director of Investigation The Provincial Police Region 9 held a meeting to assess the situation and held a press conference on the unexpected incident, saying that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet were concerned about the bombing that sabotaged the Hat Yai railway line to Sai District. He urged the authorities to immediately investigate and arrest the culprits and restore the route as soon as possible. For administrative transport and tourism Army Region 4, including Songkhla Provincial Police After being informed of the incident, it was learned that the latest crime scene was about 210 meters away from the original spot, which according to the initial investigation of the authorities was not found due to metal objects such as railway tracks, train pillows, etc. The explosives detection dogs did not detect the cause due to a number of factors, such as the spread of old explosives, making it difficult to distinguish. As for what kind of bomb it is, it's a matter for the EOD officers. The ruling party itself has been integrated with the government. The chiefs in the area rushed to find those who were supposed to be involved or find clues to send to the police, and talked to the military about the need to adjust border security guidelines, including the joints of 4 districts in Songkhla province. The perpetrator can extend the point to any point at any time. The province did not immediately step up its intensification measures. Therefore, the province has called a meeting of the Army Region 4, provincial police to adjust all measures in the area. Maj. Gen. Vara Vejjapinan Songkhla police said the second bombing was clearly intended to injure the officers. This must wait for the base to be clearly verified. We have called three eyewitnesses, including technical and CCTV cameras for the Kuala Lumpur-Hat Yai special train. For new year tourism, which will open three times on December 10, December 24 and December 30, railway officials initially announced that the Kuala Lumpur-Hat Yai train had been discontinued. ON THE 10TH, 1 TRAIN AND THE OTHER TRAINS HAVE NOT SUSPENDED SPONSORED THE UNION OF STATE RAILWAY ENTERPRISES OF THAILAND. It issued a statement condemning the bombing of trains on the Southern Route, with the following message: Following the terrorist bombing of the Southern Railway between Khlong Ngae and Padang Besar railway stations, the government has issued a statement condemning the bombing of trains on the Southern Railway. On December 3, 2022, at approximately 12:50 p.m., 10 vehicles of cargo train 707 Hat Yai-Padang Besar derailed, obstructing the operation of the train and railway. In the area where the operation was carried out, the trailer was recovered from such an action, resulting in the death of the operator. 3 officers were immediately on the scene and 4 others were injured, a savage act of vandalism. In particular, actions against trains, workers and innocent citizens, labor conditions, state enterprises, state railways of Thailand. We extend our deepest condolences to the families of the deceased and injured workers and encourage them to perform their duties in vulnerable areas responsibly and sacrificed.
MTA 4 has upgraded the care of major cities in addition to 3 southern provinces and 4 songkhla districts.|The commander of the 4th Division revealed the bombing of the train. As a result, all parties have to put in place additional strict control measures in addition to 3 southern provinces and 4 districts in Songkhla province, economic areas and tourism, especially during Christmas day. New Year's Day in the case of the mob that bombed the Hat Yai-Padang Besar railway line. It is about 3 kilometers from Ban Khlong Ngae railway station in Moo 2, Tha Pho Subdistrict, Sadao District, Songkhla Province. On December 3, 11 cargo containers were damaged, including the railroad tracks. On December 6, 2022, a repeated explosion killed 3 people and injured 4 after the 7 railway maintenance officers and other officers recovered the train bogie and the 24-hour cargo container. At that moment, he stepped on the spot where the assailants had buried the bomb, causing a violent explosion, causing the maintenance officer to splash in a different direction and die. EOD soldiers from Anothai with K-9 sniffer dogs and EOD officers from TCHOD 43 and 9 inspected the scene. The rescuers transported the bodies of the three deceased to Sadao Hospital for examination before coordinating with relatives to pick them up for further religious ceremonies. The commander of the 4th Region said after visiting the scene that he had initially spoken to the governor of Songkhla province. Officers involved to the current situation. now The work of insurgent groups chooses to carry out their attacks outside the surveillance area. Originally, there were only incidents in 3 southern border provinces and 4 districts of Songkhla province, but after this, all parties had to put in place additional strict measures, especially large cities, which are the main areas of tourism. Key economic areas Government offices that are precarious in the cause, but must also be monitored in the same target area in order to be careless and reduce losses. People in the community help each other to be an ear instead of an officer. Especially now, it's close to Christmas. New Year's Eve The commander of the 4th Division said that the behavior of the perpetrators, leaving the duration of the incident for up to 10 months, caused the officers to be complacent. Carelessness is not as tight as it should be. But after this explosion, it was also left to explode again, causing injuries and deaths. Leaving a period of 3 days apart, all sectors need to revisit and be serious about integration. NEW COLLABORATION TO AVOID NEGLIGENCE AND LEAVE ROOM FOR THE PERPETRATORS, LT. GEN. SANTI SAID THAT THE 4TH ARMY REGION WOULD LIKE TO EXTEND ITS CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILIES OF THE RAILWAY OFFICIALS WHO WERE KILLED AND INJURED. After this, if there is anything for the 4th Army to help, they are willing to help through all channels, with rescuers to take the bodies of 3 dead to Sadao Hospital. The bodies of the three deceased were recovered by rescuers. Rescuers transported the body to Sadao Hospital for examination. Before coordinating with relatives to pick them up for further religious ceremonies. All four injured are safe and are still being treated at Sadao Hospital.
Relatives say a big man stole marijuana from a neighbor and was stomped to death. Police did not respond to the report.|A relative yells at a neighbor for stealing marijuana in the middle of the night. He was stomped and bruised before his death, but the police did not respond to the report. Believe it or not. Accused of involuntary manslaughter or negligent act causing death at 5:00 p.m. on December 6, 2022, Mrs. want to Aranyasorn, 55, a villager of Porncharoen. Wang Sam Mo, Udon Thani province, with 7 relatives to meet. Maj. Gen. Phitsanu Oonhaseri Udon Thani Police Chief to request fairness Mr. Khamdee Aransorn, 49, whose brother stole marijuana from a neighbor, was caught and beaten by the owner of the house until he was seriously injured. I went to the police. Wang Sam Mo refused to take the case. It is claimed that the deceased stole someone else's house. The landlord can protect the property, which they think is wrong because the deceased has no previous history of illness. Also, after being rehearsed, they get sick and die. Relatives tried to report back being threatened by the police and feared. Therefore, he asked for fairness to the media. The incident occurred on November 15-1. IN DECEMBER 2022, MR. KANNA SAID THAT THE WHOLE INCIDENT OCCURRED AT AROUND 10 P.M. ON THE NIGHT OF NOVEMBER 15, 2022. One 18-year-old son lives in his farm hut. He admitted that Mr. Khamdee had been a marijuana user since his teens, had stolen a neighbor's marijuana plant and was caught by the landlord and assaulted. After that, the assistant chief and the chief of the house came to suppress the incident and detained Mr. Khamdee to Wang Sam Mor Police Station, where he was charged with an altercation and arrested Mr. Khamdee in jail for 1 night before comparing the fine of 500 baht and released on November 16 after being released. Mr. Khamdee has come home. After that, I slept at home all the time. I don't leave the house because my body is heavily traumatized and I can't eat fish and food. But relatives did not know because Mr. Khamdee did not leave the house until November 23, neighbors came to say that Mr. Khamdee was in bad condition, so the relatives took him to Wang Sam Doctor Hospital, where he stayed for 3-4 days, then returned home on November 27 because Mr. Khamdee refused treatment. At that time, the doctor did not receive information that Mr. Khamdee had been physically assaulted until his death on December 1 and funeral on December 2. He later died, but when he informed the police, he did not make a case, claiming that Mr. Khamdee had stolen something at someone else's house. The homeowner was able to protect his property, and there was evidence from closed-circuit footage of Mr Khamdee stealing marijuana earlier. Which they think is wrong. Because Mr. Khamdee has no previous history of illness. In addition, after being rehearsed, they became ill and died, and they had already met the parties, but could not agree, so they went to the police to report the case to the assaulter Mr. Khamdee. The police then threatened their side, causing fear and fear and not daring to report it." He also said that since he was assaulted and injured, the parties had never visited or never come to help. The police contacted him to mediate, but he refused to come until Mr. Khamdee died. The parties also said that if they wanted money, they would sue because they would sue for stealing hundreds of thousands of marijuana plants after Mr. Khamdee's death. They tried to contact the police, but the police said they were wrong because they had committed a burglary at night. At the time, he didn't know what to do, but he admitted that the deceased had actually committed burglary and had no way to help. The police only claimed that they were all wrong. The police also insisted that they were wrong, which they thought killed the whole person. No offense. Why didn't the police help, so they came to ask for justice with udon thani provincial police commanderSPONSORED Pol. Maj. Gen. Phitsanu Oonhaseri. Director, Udon Thani Province "We are ready to provide fairness to both parties. But from the information that has been heard, it is believed that it is possible to report the charges against the parties, namely, involuntary killing or negligent act causing the death of others, will order the investigating officer, Wang Sam Mor Police, to expedite the interrogation of the testimony of both parties, and if the relatives of the deceased believe that there are other testimonies or other evidence, then bring it to the police. In addition, the diagnosis of the doctor's death is evidence, which must be investigated by the doctor who performed the treatment. I assure you that the police will be informed of the case and that both parties will prove the truth in court.
Uncle stabbed his nephew-in-law when he accidentally died. I've been abused years ago.|A 67-year-old uncle stabbed his grandson-in-law to death. The problem was many years ago. The case was filed and there was harassment on December 6, 2022 at 7:00 p.m. Khamchae Police Station Khamchae district, Mukdahan province, inspected the cow stall area at the end of the village. Ban Song Moo 2, Ban Song District Khamchae District, Mukdahan Province After being informed by the villagers that there was an assault that resulted in the death of 1 person, he died at Khamchae Hospital and was able to arrest the perpetrator at the residence. The incident occurred at 4.00 p.m. According to the inquiry, the villagers who witnessed the incident informed that the deceased was Mr. Tilnai Silarak, 33 years old, who was cutting cow carcasses at the scene, along with several villagers. Ban Chong District Khamchae, Mukdahan province, who had previously had a dissatisfaction with Mr. Tilnay. He walked into the scene and walked behind the deceased. He then stabbed Mr. Tilney with a knife into the right side of the frame. Mr. Tilnay's relatives later informed the rescuers to take the injured to Khamchae Hospital, where he later died, after which Mr. Huong was armed with a knife and hid at his residence, about 100 meters away from the scene. The police seized one of the sharp-tipped knives used as a medium, and the police made an arrest. MR. HUONG WAS ADMITTED TO KHAMCHAE HOSPITAL DUE TO AN ASSAULT AND HEAD INJURY. Glass tone Deceased wife He said his husband was cutting beef. The attacker walked behind him and stabbed her husband's right side with a sharp knife, stabbing him once. He sought help from rescuers to take her husband to the hospital, where he later died. Before taking action, the perpetrator and the deceased were seen talking normally, but admitted that both of them had had problems before. But it's been a few years, and the person who committed the crime when he was drunk likes to do things about other people on a regular basis. Insist on taking matters to the extreme.
4 former allied leaders filed for supreme court The NBT raid dismissed the "government application" in '51.|4. The leaders of the former alliance have filed a lawsuit against the 2008 attack on NBT stations to oust the government of Prime Minister Anjali. He said he was not worried because he confirmed the facts at 10.00 a.m. on December 7, 2022 at the Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Rd. Miss ANJALI Pireerak, Mr. Phuwadol Songprasert, Mr. Yuttiyong Limlertwati alliance and Mr. Chitipat Limthongkul. Brother of Mr. Sonthi Limthongkul, former leader The 4 defendants in the black number case A.1033/2561 jointly invaded the Radio and Television Authority of Thailand (NBT) with Miss Puangthip Boonsanong Lawyers come to file their motions and supporting documents in the next trial process. Miss PUANGTHIP BOONSANONG The lawyer submitted the case with the evidence to the Appellate Division officer, which took approximately 40 minutes to complete. The lawyer said today that the former alliance leader had filed a petition for permission from the Supreme Court, which had been fought on various issues and that the officials had received the documents. After this, it will be the next stage of consideration in the Supreme Court. Miss ANJALI Pairerak said that in this case, the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal sentenced each person to 1 year in prison without parole. Personally, I don't feel anxious. He also confirmed the facts presented from the beginning, the reporter reported that for this case, prosecutors of Criminal Division 4 filed charges of trespassing, inciting and causing disturbance in the city. Aung Yi Brothel Thief In the case of the joint raid on the Radio and Television Authority of Thailand (NBT) During the 2008 protests against the government of Mr. Apply, the Court of First Instance ruled on February 12, 2020, that the defendant's actions were a single act against several statutes. Sentenced to the heaviest penalty. For trespassing at night, imprisonment Miss ANJALI 2nd defendant, Mr. Phuwadol, 3rd defendant, Mr. Yuttiyong Defendant No. 4 and Mr. Chitipat On May 10, 2022, the Court of Appeal sentenced each of the 5th defendants to 1 year without parole. However, for Mr. Somkiat Pongpaiboon The 1st defendant died during the trial and the court ordered the disposal of the property.
The Police Commissioner oversees the upgrading of the local police service to take care of traffic. Crime Prevention|Big Featured Enhance the public service of the local police station. Evaluation of crime prevention indicators Security Plan Prevent incidents during the New Year festival Traffic Management Reduce accidents On Dec. 7, 2022, reporters reported that Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the chief of police, ordered the executive meeting. Sq. No. 9/2022 emphasizes the approach to upgrading. The police issued an order dated November 30 to the B.C.N. and B.C.P.1-9 to convene a meeting to rehearse the implementation of the guidelines for enhancing the public service of the police station. The B.E.C. and the Royal Thai Army shall complete the examination by 31 December by the Royal Thai Army Working Group to start the examination from 1 January 2023 to complete every examination by 30 March 2023. The B.C.C.T. and the Working Group at the monthly executive meeting then report to By the 25th of every month, the police will inform the evaluation according to the indicators in criminal cases by having the Police Department collect the performance according to the indicators from October 1, 2022 - 31 October 2022. Mar66 In order to evaluate and revise the new year 2023 section, the Prime Minister will draft a crime prevention plan for all units to implement in accordance with the area, mobilize crime clearance, and formulate a response plan or measures to prevent the opportunism of bad actors or beneficiaries of unrest in the sponsored area, including the use of the STOP WALK WALK project to analyze the risk points. The Director-General also addressed a number of issues, such as the preparation of budget requests, which were assigned to Lt. Gen. Kittirat. Deputy Commissioner Panphet supervised the implementation in accordance with the guidelines for clarification of the Subcommittee on Budget 2023 by proposing the budget request to the Prime Minister for approval before January 20, 2023, for the MPC to survey the needs of bulletproof vests of practitioners in order to provide information in the preparation of budget requests, enhancing the image of police officers and creating satisfaction by providing all The NCPO considers implementing a project of one police, one village, monthly community visits. The Police Commissioner will randomly check whether it is practical or not in the area of the 191 Call Center to complete the 191 Outstanding Call Center Assessment Project to consider the award for the fiscal year 2023 by the beginning of the month. The results of the assessment will be used to consider the appointment of personnel management at the general level for the year 2023. The Police Commissioner also directed that the Police Service Stress Management Consultation Center, the Criminal Background Check Development Program for police stations or Live Scan, survey the satisfaction of the public on issues such as drug problem solving, incident notification 191 and post-notification operation, feeling safe in life and property, etc., require all units to survey their work equipment, including cameras, body equipment, patrol cars, investigations and essential items according to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2565 that will come into effect on February 22, 2023.
Police search and seize fake car parts in Worajak district Fastening of the middle is abundant.|Police raid auto parts store in Worajak district, seize oil filter Air Filter 14 items of counterfeit wheel bearings and brake pads, totaling 255 pieces, on December 7, 2022. Commanding Officer, Command Lt. Col. Kraiwit Saentaweesuk 1st Lt. Col. Weerapong Homwaal 1st Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Wisarut Bangnamkhem, 1st Kg., Po.S., together with representatives from Hyundai Co., Ltd. Motor Company arrested Mr. Aas Khampapai, 49 years old, charged with selling counterfeit trademarks or trademarks of other persons, along with middle items, oil filters, air filters. 14 items of counterfeit wheel bearings and brake pads, totaling 255 pieces, can be found at auto parts stores in Worajak Market area. Ban Bat Subdistrict, Pom Prap Enemy District Bangkok SPONSORED Since previously there was a representative from Hyundai Company. Motor Company filed a grievance against the Police Department that there was a car parts store. The company smuggled a large number of counterfeit products of the company's trademarks, so they gathered evidence with the company's representatives. Search until all intermediate items are found. Mr. Aas The shopkeeper came to interrogate him and informed him of the allegations. Mr. Aas pleaded guilty to smuggling the goods by receiving the goods from a dealer who was not a representative of the company. Hyundai Therefore, the case was sent to the investigating officer, Kg. 1. Continue with the legal process.
DSI arrests bitcoin mine for theft, tax evasion, speeding up network expansion|DSI has arrested smugglers for using electricity to mine bitcoins, as well as using bitcoin mining equipment to evade import taxes. The state has to pay 200-300 million baht per year for electricity. The entire network was cleared at 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 7, 2022, in front of the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) building. Mr. Somsak Thepsutin Minister of Justice with Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong DSI Director-General and Ministry of Justice executives jointly announced the results of the operation against Electrical Shock to search commercial buildings suspected of using electricity to mine bitcoins. In Bangkok 2 points and Nonthaburi 39 points, for a total of 41 points, the state lost more than 500 million baht in revenue, Mr. Somsak said. Feb 2021 It took a year of investigation to learn that there was illegal mining of cryptocurrencies, especially bitcoin, and importing machines from the People's Republic of China, as well as connecting direct current without passing through the meter. Therefore, the Institute of Forensic Sciences, Customs Department, Metropolitan Electricity Authority and Provincial Electricity Authority searched the suspected premises and seized 3,500 cryptocurrency mining equipment (S9 digital money miners) and 1,800-2,000 watts of power supply equipment to inspect and control the building administrator or 1 administrator aged 30 years in Soi Samakkhi 38, Nonthaburi province. For more than 2 years, it has been supplying cryptocurrency miners that have escaped import tax declarations in the Kingdom of Thailand. Funding to manage equipment Location, including contacting people to continue the electricity directly, not through the monitor. This causes the cost of electricity to be underestimated. In addition, there are more than 20 subordinates in charge of maintaining the system and maintaining these equipment. An extended interrogation is currently underway," each building will place a cryptocurrency miner. About 100 units are used 24 hours a day, from having to pay 300,000-500,000 baht per month for electricity, but paying only 300-2,000 baht per place, causing damage to the Metropolitan Electricity Authority of more than 20 million baht per month or almost 200-300 million baht per year, and over 2 years, the state loses more than 500 million baht or just 1% of the total damage of 50,000 million baht. The search of 41 buildings is the only network of movements that exists throughout the country. Therefore, it is believed that there are many other places in the country that have been smuggled into bitcoin mining fires as well." Mr Somsak said the justice minister said that the illegal use of electricity could be one of the reasons for the increase in electricity bills. And it is a burden on the general public. In addition, it is believed that the Metropolitan Electricity Authority or the Provincial Electricity Authority may be involved in further investigations. Mr. Traiyarit said the DSI has expanded its findings that direct electricity connections to receive revenue from cryptocurrency mining are also a way to launder money of criminal organizations committing online gambling and drug offenses. It has also been reported that 3-4 buildings involved use very high currents. IT CAUSES HEAT TO CAUSE A FIRE.SPONSORED
The gangsters shot dead villagers and burned the car in Bannang Sta. The police focused on drug paradoxes.|Bannang Sta Police Investigators at the scene shot dead a 36-year-old man who bought a rubber stick and burned his car. A large number of 9mm shell casings were found. The deceased was charged with drug offences on December 7, 2022, when the assailants shot and burned the car of Mr. Chulhafi Sadihamma, 36, M.4. BannangSta Bannangsta District Yala Buying rubberwood The incident occurred at 21.00 a.m. on December 6, 2022, by Lt. Col. Weerasakdi Suwandecha, Deputy Senator (Investigation). Bannangsta Police Station Bannangsta District, Yala Province, received the report of the incident and went to the scene with the police forensics officer No. 10 YalaSPONSORED from the investigation that the deceased was driving a gray 4-door Mitsubishi car with registration number Kong 8634 to come to his wife's house in the area. Moo 2, Ban Kampong Lalae (Ban Ba Bork Sub-House) Bannangsta District, Yala Province. Concrete field in front of Kampong Lalae Mosque Study Center M2 Two suspects were arrested and several shots were fired at Mr. Sulhafi, causing Mr. Chulhafi to die while being taken to Bannangsta Hospital. Follow the village road which is about 3 km from the accident site. Bannangsta District The assailants abandoned the car on the road and burned it, destroying it. After that, the assailants fled into the darkness from the investigation at the scene. A large number of 9mm shell casings were found. The police will keep it as evidence to track down the culprit. The cause is likely to be drug abuse as the deceased had been convicted of drug offences and jailed for the offences on several occasions.
"Chuvit" Unfolding former governor, "Big Joke" cohort|"Chuvit" Unfolding former governor "Big Joke" classmates There is a process of converting gray Chinese capital visas into doing business in Thailand. "Santhana" is not a taxpayer. Just a policeman who was fired for committing serious misconduct at 2:00 p.m. on December 7, 2022, at The Davis Sukhumvit 24 Hotel, mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, announced the operation to break down the underwater iceberg. In the case of the police, the Immigration Bureau (TSA) Facilitating the grey Chinese capital group and opening evidence of the establishment of a registration foundation for Chinese people to live in Thailand illegally, Mr. Chuvit said what he would say was not a political issue but a question to those in parliament and government house. Because the story revealed is only the tip of the iceberg. Today's focus will be on It is the first line, and some stakeholders are encouraging gray Chinese capital into the country. In the form of a visa conversion process. Chinese nationals who engage in illegal business when entering Thailand will be able to obtain a tourist visa and can stay in the country for 30 days, so in order to change the visa type to a non-b visa or a non-o visa, they contact an intermediary who has both a Chinese law firm that hires Thai nationals and a personal model to apply to become a volunteer officer of the Pran Hanyu Foundation, which aims to support the Chinese education of children and young people. THE VISA CHANGE COSTS 100,000-300,000 BAHT PER PERSON," MR. CHUVIT SAID. In 2020, the foundation has 2,747 members in Khon Kaen province and 907 in Kalasin province. Between 2020 and 2021, more than 3,325 visa changers have been approved, of which 3 police officers have the rank of Pol. Maj. Gen. 4 and 5. Of these, 2 officers were fellow police cadets (NORT) 47 and Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, in addition to this foundation and 6 other foundations. Therefore, the police chief must deal with it, otherwise when the matter is quiet, it will come back in, Mr. Chuvit said. Accused of decorating accounts to evade taxes, he cited as a merchant. When thinking about investing in the construction of a hotel, but not enough money. You have to contact the bank. If the loan is not approved, the director must talk to the director in order to make additional investments. I have to ask if he is a taxpayer. But it is a policeman who has been dismissed from the service for violent misconduct, so all that is required is credit or credibility.
Southern bus contractor arrests 48 Burmese workers, 3 Thais confess to paying 3 thousand|"Highway Police" Intercepting rohingya migrant smuggling movements Bus delivery to South 3 Thais confessed to receiving 3 thousand baht on December 7, 2022. Chief Of Staff command Lt. Col. Vajira Yaothaisong, 2nd Lt. Col., Lt. Col. Arati Piethong, Senator 2 Kg2 Police arrested Mr. Somsak Damnin, 28 years old, Mr. Pongpak Ramprom 62-year-old Mrs. Mantha Kotpong, 52, along with Burmese migrant workers (Rohingya) 48 persons, including 30 females and 18 males, were arrested at the edge of Highway 4 (Phetkasem Road) in Wang Manao district. Pak Tho District, Ratchaburi Police Investigation 2. He was informed that there would be a smuggling of migrant workers to the Lower South by using buses or tour buses as vehicles, so he organized surveillance on various roads until he found a bus, registration 34-2483, Bangkok. The suspect drove past in the area. Wang Manao Pak Tho district, Ratchaburi province, therefore, showed up to call for a search. There were 48 Burmese migrant workers (Rohingya) in the car, including 30 women and 18 men, of whom 5 were migrant workers under the age of 13. Mr. Somsak, Mr. Pongpak and Mrs. Mantha The 3 Thai suspects were in the car, so they were all arrested. Drop off at Hat Yai Songkhla After that, there will be another migrant worker who will be picked up with a total wage of 3 thousand baht. During the interrogation, the 48 migrant workers learned that they had arrived from Rakhine State, Myanmar, on foot through a natural channel in Mae Sot district, Tak province, and would then be picked up by a group of Thais and brought to the appointment point. The majority of illegal immigrant workers will travel to Malaysia to study, and some will work on boats as preliminary construction workers. Mr. Somsak, Mr. Pongpak and Mrs. Mantha The charges of jointly bringing aliens into the Kingdom without permission and jointly assisting to hide aliens from being arrested and charging foreigners with unauthorized entry into the Kingdom with all 48 foreign workers before deportation. Pak Tho Police Department coordinates with relevant agencies to continue the legal process.
The Police Commissioner has ordered to frame the consideration and appointment of police officers at the level of Deputy Chief of Police - Senator / Sq. 65 years.|The Police Commissioner has an order on the appointment of police officers at the level of the Police Commissioner. To the Deputy Chief of Staff for the year 2022 by laying out 18 criteria for consideration and scheduling, looking at seniority, suitability, etc. Performance, Conduct Knowledge and ability of the Royal Thai Police On December 7, 2022, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, has ordered the appointment of police officers at the level of senators. To the Deputy Chief of Police for the year 2022 re: Criteria for appointment and transfer of police officers according to the seniority principle. As follows: 1. Accounting of candidates for higher positions, consider implementing the rules. The Commission on the Appointment of Police Officers B.E. 2561 (2018) and the appointment of qualified police officers to higher ranks. Prepare a summary of outstanding performance concretely and recognized as beneficial to Throughout his tenure, it is a result of self-fulfillment. No more than 2 pages (A4 size) and authenticated by doing the following: Promoted to Deputy Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff The B.C.C. gathers information and proposes the sq. (through the Lt. Col.) On December 12, promoted to senator and deputy chief of staff, the B.C.C. shall collect information in December 19 for the army level agencies under the Police Commissioner, the Army shall collect and submit information at each level to the Lt. Col. according to the date 2. Performance Conduct, knowledge and ability are assembled by the B.C.C. under the Office of the Superintendent of Police at the level of Director and Deputy. The Director-General shall submit the information account for the appointment of a police officer to the Police Commissioner (through the Lt. Col.). On December 20, the level of senator and deputy chief of police shall submit the information account for the appointment of police officers to the police commissioner (through the Lt. Col.). On December 26, the non-affiliated police officers and deputy commissioners were appointed. The Police Commissioner shall submit the information account for the appointment of a police officer to the Police Commissioner (through the Lt. Col.). On December 20, the level of Senator and Deputy Chief of Police, which is the authority of the Director-General, shall complete the preparation of the appointment account on December 28, and all units shall submit the account of the appointment of police officers to the Police Commissioner (through the Lt. Col.). On Dec. 29, to check the duplication of individuals with appointed positions. For the date of the appointment order and the effective date, the NEDA shall notify the unit for further action.3.Police officers belonging to the senior group 33% shall consider proposing or executing the appointment of a higher rank. 4. Police officers who have passed the selection of police stations that perform outstanding duties for the unit to consider, if deemed appropriate, shall propose sq. m. to propose for appointment to a higher position. Consider nominating a rotational appointment. 5. The appointment of a police officer to the position of director general in relation to crime prevention work. Take drug operations into account. Especially in areas that are strategic in terms of drugs, to be able to work continuously immediately. For the effectiveness of drug prevention 6. When holding a single position for 4 consecutive years, all other positions shall be proposed.7.In the appointment of a police officer promoted to the position of chief of police station at the level of police officer for the first time, nomination should not be considered for a position in a police station with high volume and quality of work.8.The appointment of a higher rank for a police officer who is qualified for a position in the field of investigation should not be considered in accordance with the 2018 Anti-Suppression Division Position Determination Standard. Consider appointing a higher position in the field of investigation first. For certifying the actual presence of duties in the field of investigation, the units shall carry out the regulations. 9.Appointment of police officers who are in force according to the Standards for Positioning of The Anti-Suppression Line B.E. 2561 but have not completed the tenure in the Investigation Line to be promoted to a higher position in the Anti-Suppression Line according to the Provisional Chapter of the Anti-Suppression Line Positioning Standard B.E. 2565 In the event that additional investigative experience must be kept at the next level as required. If appointed to a higher position in the anti-suppression line as specified by the provisional chapter, there shall be a condition at the end of the appointment order.10.For the position of investigation line responsible for investigating security cases in the southern border provinces, as determined by the resolution of the A.K.T.T. on Human Resource Management at the Meeting No. 5/2020 on May 22, 2020, to consider police officers who are ready to perform their duties or have performed investigative duties in the southern border provinces before.11.The S.E.F.R. shall be considered as an important agency responsible for enhancing and developing the quality of personnel by performing training duties. Increase knowledge and operational skills for police officers. Police officers who will be considered for appointment to positions under the S.F.R. Therefore, it is important to consider those who are knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and have the right personality. Have leadership as a role model for the trainees. Therefore, the unit should take into account such characteristics as an important consideration for appointment, which will make the implementation of the personnel quality development mission of sq. m. efficient and effective. For those who currently hold office, if the unit considers that they do not have sufficient knowledge and ability or are not suitable to perform their duties in the S.F.R., the unit shall consider appointing rotation to other appropriate positions.12.All units shall proceed with the appointment of police officers as follows: The Grievance Commission resolves to provide remedies or remedies to all complainants. 13. Police officers who perform duties in preventing and resolving drug problems, controlling service establishments or establishments that are open in a manner similar to the prevention and suppression of bias. Trafficking related offenses, as well as preventing and resolving car and motorcycle racing in an ineffective way. 14.Police officers appointed in the 2021 term shall be appointed only as absolutely necessary.15.B.C.P.1 The number of police station positions in police stations exceeds the scope of the police station. At the Meeting No. 12/2018 on November 27, 2018, the adjustment shall be adjusted in accordance with the position framework set forth by the SEC. 16.All units shall submit a list of vacancies and other relevant information to the Committee not less than 3 days prior to the meeting to study the information prior to the selection of appointment.17.The unit shall be responsible for checking the specific qualifications for the position of police officer to be appointed. Rank, name, surname, position, position number Police officer status and other administrative details to be accurate. In particular, the appointment to the position in the Anti-Suppression Line Group must be specifically qualified for the position in accordance with the 2018 Anti-Suppression Line Position Standards and the Transitional Chapter. SEC. 2. At the Meeting No. 10/2021 on 27 Sep 21 18.Give The Police Commissioner who is not affiliated with the Police Commissioner collects a copy of the appointment order, including a summary of the number of appointed orders and the list of police officers appointed to hold positions between government agencies, and sends them to the Police Department (through the Lt. Col.). Within 3 days from the effective date of the appointment orderSPONSORED. Delivery of accounts, information, suitable candidates, promoted to higher positions. The account of the appointment of police officers as well as other information related to the appointment to the Police Department (through the Lt. Col.) shall be submitted to all units in both document and Excel file format via e-mail address no. pol.appointment@gmail.com and shall be carried out in accordance with the regulations. The Police Code is not about the case. Characteristic 29 Strictly Secret.
Hanuman Gong Extraordinary "Pao Kranuan", a major drug dealer in the Northeast.|Special Operations Unit "Hanuman Division" Extraordinary "Pao Kranuan", a major narcotics agent in the Northeast region. Fighting back. Opened fire on the officers. Three M16s were found at the scene at 3 p.m. on December 7, 2022, the reporter reported. The Commissioner of Police has ordered Lieutenant-Colonel M.M. Khan Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Saruti Sopha Chief Of Staff, Lt. Col. Surapong Chatsut, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Col. Wiwat Chitsopapakul, 3rd Lt. Col. Manoon Kaewkam, 3rd Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Anok Boonta, 3rd Kg., Army, along with police officers. Kg.3, The Royal Thai Army and hanuman special operations team jointly arrested Mr. Anon Onsakhon or Pao Kranuan, 27 years old, a major narcotics agent in the Northeast region, according to the arrest warrant of Khon Kaen Provincial Court No. 267/2565 dated August 27, 2022 for attempting to kill an officer while on duty. One person was injured on Nov. 19, when police learned that Anon had fled into a cassava forest. Ban Pet district, Khon Kaen province, then showed up to arrest him, but it appeared that Mr. Anon had used a firearm to shoot at the police officers. The bullets hit the police officer's helmet and also damaged the police car. MR. ANON ESCAPED AT 3 P.M. TODAY, OFFICERS FOUND HIM. Mr. Anon is in the area. T.Khammuang Therefore, he showed up to arrest him, but Mr. Anon resisted. Open fire, use another gunfight. A Hanuman special operations officer then shot and killed Mr. Anon. Investigating the crime scene, three M16 firearms were found at the scene, so the police coordinated the forensics division, the explosives recovery unit and investigators to investigate the scene.
More than 60 victims have linked their bank accounts to the app and lost money.|A cyber police spokesman said more than 60 people had been reported with damages worth more than 1 million baht. In case the victim has tied the bank account to the application. Online shopping but was deducted for unknown reasons at 2:30 p.m. on December 7, 2022. Spokesperson for the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI) To publicize the progress of the case, many victims have linked their bank accounts or electronic cards to pay for goods with online trading applications. Later, it was found that the money was deducted from the payment account for unknown reasons from the case on December 4, 2022. The Police Technology Crime Investigation Division (CBI) has issued a warning about linking bank accounts or electronic cards to pay for goods online. At present, more than 60 people have been injured, with damages totaling more than 1 million baht. The victims reported their grievances to the investigators at local police stations nationwide and reported them through the online police system on the thaipoliceonline.com website in order to investigate the perpetrators and prosecute them according to the law. The case is currently under investigation and relevant evidence is gathered. Initially, it was assumed that it may be caused by the victims being scammed by fraudsters to enter financial information through fake websites or fake applications and then use the information obtained for wrongful exploitation. The Police Commissioner for Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI) has been driven by the policy of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense and Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, who are concerned about the dangers of scams through social media channels. This is especially true in relation to online financial transactions and online trading. He urged relevant authorities to urgently put in place measures to prevent and crack down on all forms of online offenses continuously and seriously. And create awareness of preventive measures for the public. Anyone who misuses another person's electronic card in a manner likely to cause damage to others or the public shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or a fine not exceeding 100,000 Baht or both. He added that the public should be careful about disclosing personal or financial information in order to prevent becoming a victim of fraudsters with the following preventive measures: 1. Avoid having automatic bank account debits. 2. Use cash on delivery or pay via QR code instead.2. A bank account linked to or linked to an online shopping application should have a small amount of money in the account.3. Avoid clicking on links or installing unknown applications. If you don't know where it came from, you should download it in AppStore or Playstore only.4. It is important to be careful to fill in the card number through a fake website or a fake application that fraudsters create to be the same as a real website or application in order to trick the information. Set up bank account transaction notifications via SMS or Line application.6. Avoid online untrustworthy transactions that require filling in the number on the front of the card and the 3-digit code on the back of the card (CVV)7. Take an opaque sticker to cover the 3-digit code on the back of the card (CVV) or remember the 3-digit code and use sandpaper to remove the code number from the back of the card to ensure daily spending. 8. If you find any abnormalities in your bank account or credit card, please notify the bank to suspend the card and decline the payment online. If you are damaged, check your statements. Collect relevant documents to report to the investigating officer in accordance with legal procedures or find clues to wrongdoing. If you have any problems, please contact our hotline at 1441 or call 081-866-3000 24 hours a day and report online at www.thaipoliceonline.com website.
Catch the barbarian doctor. Open the penis pearl implantation page. Finally, it does not freeze—it does not work.|Police Officers Open the penis pearl implantation page. Finally, the victim is severely infected, does not have an erection, cannot use or have sex again, until stress, depression, short-sightedness. The confession was made several times, more than 5 years ago, on December 7, 2022, Maj. Gen. Anand Nanasombat. Chief Of Staff, command Lt. Col. Neti Wongrose, 4th Lt. Col., The police arrested Mr. Apichart Sewoksutra, 41, on charges of unauthorised practice of medicine, unauthorized sale of modern medicines, sale of unregistered medicines and unauthorized sale of medical devices, and seizure of 25 items at an unknown daily room in Dokmai Subdistrict, Prawet District, Bangkok. Purulent discharge. The penis is not erect, nor can it be used or have sex again. This causes stress and depression, leading to suicidal thoughts. After receiving the notification, they arranged to conduct an inspection before sending spies to meet at a daily rental room in Prawet area and show up to arrest and seize the said items. Mr. Apichart pleaded guilty to having a bachelor's degree but not a medical professional and not having a medical professional license. Learn how to remember and apply your knowledge to open a Facebook page for service. When customers contact us, they will arrange surgery at the motel or daily room at a cost of 15,000-20,000 baht per time, depending on the nature of the procedure and the number of pearls buried. Sent to the police for questioning. Continue to follow the law.
The Prime Minister discussed the selection process. Qualified Kg. Emphasis on the New Police Act|The Prime Minister discussed the selection of qualified directors. 5 sides of the Police Act emphasize the new Police Act for the benefit of the people. Other matters must be transparent, honest, fair, verifiable, the organization-personnel must be ready for change at 3:00 p.m. on December 7, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister He chaired the Meeting of the National Police Policy Committee (NCPO). Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Deputy Chief of Police and Senior Police Officer There are 4 agenda items, which consist of Agenda 1, which the Chairman notifies the meeting, Agenda 2, certifying the minutes of the SEC meeting. No. 1/2022 On August 29, Agenda 3, the matters proposed to the meeting consisted of: Notification of the appointment of the Audit Committee of the Royal Thai Police and the appointment of an Assistant Secretary And agenda item 4 Matters proposed for consideration by the meeting consisting of the draft regulations of the SEC. On determining the criteria and procedures for the nomination and selection of qualified members of the National Police Policy Committee and the draft regulations of the SEC. On the rules of conduct of the commander as director-general or on behalf of the national police commander. Draft regulations of the SEC On the meetings and resolutions of the SEC and of the subcommittees SEC. 1. and other agendas. IF THERE IS A SPONSORED AFTER THE MEETING LASTS MORE THAN 1 HOUR, MAJ. GEN. ACHAN KRAITHONG A spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said today that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister presided over a meeting of the National Police Policy Committee (NCPO). The committee consists of Mr. Vishnu Kuangam. The Deputy Prime Minister is the Vice President. attorney general Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Defense The Secretary-General of the Office of The Court of Justice, the Director of the Budget Office, and Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the Director-General of the Office of Justice, are the directors and secretaries. Today's meeting was to hear the order to appoint an audit committee of the Royal Thai Police. Three cases were considered, and four matters related to compliance with the National Police Act B.E. 2565 were presented with four presentations on the drafting of relevant regulations. SEC on determining criteria and procedures for the nomination and selection of qualified directors In the National Police Policy Committee, experts must be recruited and selected in various fields. 1. In terms of strategy. 2. Legal aspects 3. Organization development 4. Mass communication or information or communication technology combined with the public sector, which will have a total of 5 qualified persons who must be selected within 120 days after the National Police Act is announced, i.e. by February 13, 2023. We need to create awareness for the public to understand that everything that has changed is for the public to understand how the Royal Thai Police will develop. Others must ensure that the police are transparent, honest, fair and accountable. The reporter asked about the appointment of a police commissioner at the level of S.W. To the Deputy Chief of Staff the 2022 agenda whether it will be completed in a time frame or not. He said the police had already issued a letter on the rules and guidelines for the appointment on Dec. 6.
Police shot dead friend The 2nd District Commander has been working to help the family of the deceased.|The 2nd District Commander ordered the police to shoot his friend dead. Set up a fact check Yan fully assisted the families of the deceased, while khon kaen city police chief revealed that the perpetrator's condition has not improved. Need to sleep. The hospital has not yet interrogated the case of Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, the group's director. 2nd District Police Department Nong Waeng Nong Bua Daeng Chaiyaphum He used a 9 mm firearm to shoot 44-year-old Lt. Col. Conquer Saenkhan. 2nd District Police Department Tambon Nai Mueang, Amphur Muang, Khon Kaen Province, Die Ka Pom Guard, entrance to the community of the house, Tchod 2, which is in the Ban Nong Hai area. M.8 The incident occurred on the morning of December 5, and the police and the TTC were able to detain Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, by shooting him in the leg and injuring him and being taken to Khon Kaen Hospital for treatment. The District 2 Commissioner revealed that for this incident, a committee must be set up to investigate the facts. In disciplinary matters, After the incident, it was learned that Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, used a 9 mm firearm to shoot Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 44, dead at the guardhouse. Since the date of the incident, a committee has been set up to investigate the facts. In terms of firearms, it was initially known that the 9mm pistol was the gunman's personal pistol, while the M-16 firearm that the gunman carried was known to have been picked up from the battalion to be used as a weapon while in the guard box. Under review THE INVESTIGATION WAS COMPLETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S REGULATIONS, THE 2ND DISTRICT COMMISSIONER SAID, IN ORDER TO HELP THE FAMILIES OF THE DECEASED. The supervisor is concerned about the families of all subordinates, but in the case of death while performing the duties, there will already be assistance according to the framework. Disciplinary action taken by the gunman or the perpetrator must be taken. Initially, he was discharged from government service. In criminal cases, it's the police. Khon Kaen City Police Department is handling the legal process, while Khon Kaen City Police Chief Pol Col Preecha Kengsarakit said 49-year-old Chuchat Kuakkeaw was injured or the gunman who shot his friend. While on guard duty at the guard booth at the entrance to the community house. In addition to giving disinfectant to treat a shot wound in the left leg, he recently underwent surgery. Also remove the bullet buried in the right leg. The doctor continued to stay in the hospital because his condition had not improved. If the condition improves, the investigator may be interrogated in the hospital.
Chiang Mai with electronic orders, cutting points for offenders Most charges of not wearing a hat|Chiang Mai traffic ready to use E-Ticket electronic order to cut off the offender's points Check without fear of fake orders. There were 2,751 offences of not wearing a helmet, followed by not carrying a driver's license at 11.30am on December 7, 2022, said Lt. Col. Supachai Chandra, deputy superintendent of traffic groups. Chiang Mai Provincial Police said the Royal Thai Police has assigned Provincial Police Region 5 and Chiang Mai Provincial Police to use electronic ordering machines, or E-Tickets, to be given to police stations under the authority to help officers issue orders. This E-Ticket machine is not just an order issuing machine, it is a one-step operation, that is, there is a process of background checking, driver's license deduction, allowing police officers to see how many times a person has committed an offense, as well as a criminal arrest warrant to check offenders for various offenses. The code of conduct score recording system is defined in the "Regulation on Rules. Procedures and conditions relating to the driving conduct score recording system of driver's license holders B.E. 2565" issued under the Road Traffic Act B.E. 2522 (1979) and the amendment of Section 142/1, which will come into effect on January 9, 2023. Under the slogan "Focus on creating safe driving discipline, providing opportunities to correct repeat offenses, creating equality under the law and international standards", aims to reduce the rate of road accidents. Central Motor Accident Victims Protection Co., Ltd. and its network received a report of the death of a person who died in an accident. Of the 56 cases, 54 were Thai drivers, 2 were foreigners, 2,570 were injured, 53 were from motorcycles, 3 were from cars, 1 was under the age of 15, and 55 were adults. Statistics of past arrests in Chiang Mai When duan In November 2022, 2,751 people were arrested for not wearing a helmet, 2,407 for not wearing a seatbelt, 87 for driving backwards, and 14 for issuing e-tickets. Name, ID card number or plasport number, telephone number Driving vehicle, license plate number, alleged offense The penalty rate, the place of the offense, the date and time of the offense, and ending with the name of the police officer who issued the order. DON'T BE AFRAID OF RECEIVING MONEY AT CHECKPOINTS, WHICH CAN BE DONE TRANSPARENTLY, AND THOSE WHO ARE ISSUED ORDERS CAN STILL CHECK IF THEY HAVE COMMITTED AN OFFENCE AND WHETHER THE ORDER IS REAL OR NOT. You can check the E-Ticket PTM website developed by Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited, check outstanding orders, pay fines, check your conduct score and check your driver's license status. Check outstanding orders and conduct scores, and perform various aspects related to modern useful driving and check through the Pao Tang application. Don't be afraid of scamming scam gangs' QR codes. The essence of this system is to require each person with a driver's license to have a 12-point conduct score (regardless of how many types of driver's license they have). If you break the traffic rules in the specified offense, you will be deducted points according to the specified criteria and conditions by cutting the points will be divided into 4 groups, cutting points from 1-4 points, i.e. cutting 1 point, such as driving too fast, not wearing a helmet, not fastening seat belts, not stopping people crossing pedestrian crossings, using a phone while driving, cutting 2 points, such as violating traffic lights (passing through red lights), cutting 3 points, such as driving hit-and-run, and cutting 4 points, such as drunk driving, driving while using drugs. Other offences under the Law on Road Traffic and laws relating to vehicles or road use amounted to 42 offences. This group of offenses will be deducted only if they fail to pay the fine according to the order in a specified time, such as violating traffic signs in the way, parking in a prohibited place, not showing a driver's license while driving, etc. THE CUT-OFF METHOD IS CARRIED OUT ELECTRONICALLY USING THE ROYAL THAI POLICE'S PTM ORDER DATABASE SYSTEM TO RECORD TRAFFIC VIOLATIONS AND DEDUCT POINTS EACH TIME. As for the suspension of the driver's license. If the driver is deprived of 0 points, he or she will be suspended from driving for 90 days and banned from driving for 90 days by the police and if he violates the driver's license while suspended, he will be punished with imprisonment for not more than 3 months, a fine not exceeding 10,000 baht, or both under Section 156.
Detained and "Mr. Sword Grok Phra" brutally murdered by police officers Governor of Nakhon Sawan Lean does not defend.|Lying in jail, detention, sword fluff Director of Investigation, Police Department Accused of brutal killing of police officers Dakkha reservoir, cheeks, monkeys, thaptan. Uthai City The court denied him bail. The other minions were detained for making plans. Keep your mouth shut, refusing to answer why you killed. Police Officers Wait for the suspension. The case involved the killing of a scandal in the Nakhon Sawan police industry. When there is a name of Lt. Techint, a boat master or a flute sword. The director of the investigation team, Korokpra Police Station, was involved in drugs and the death of 31-year-old Mr. Can Hattaboon or M, who was shot in the back of the head by a gunman. The body was found on the afternoon of December 5, 2022, and the investigation was focused on the issue of drug deduction. Mr. Jack called the deceased and got into a fight. The deceased said loudly, "I'm not afraid of Gu?" and then hurriedly rode away on a motorcycle until he found another dead body and was shot dead. 20 methamphetamine pills were found, including a urine test. It was found that the pee was also purple, which caused Dr. Techint to be interrogated and checked overnight, according to the news release, sponsored at 10.00 a.m. on December 7, 2022. The Director of Investigation (Investigation) of the Police Investigation Group of The 6th Army Police Department has revealed the progress of the case, saying that the progress of the case today, the investigating officer of The Thap Than Police Department has sought the approval of the court warrant to approve the issuance of arrest warrants for all 2 accused persons who have committed crimes in the case. The two suspects are currently being arrested, Lt. Col. Techint, a boat operator, and the second is Mr. Sarawut Sijam, both of whom have pleaded guilty and have been charged with conspiracy to commit premeditated murder and possession of firearms and ammunition without permission. Initially, the case had to be divided into 2 cases, namely the drug case at Korok Phra Police Station and the case of joint killing at As for the additional information, it is known that the deceased was a call to the police, but the knot of death was initially due to personal problems after the 3 people had arranged to negotiate, but the latter could not agree. Therefore, the killing of the deceased was carried out. as stated Methamphetamine was found next to the deceased. The perpetrators have been placed to deflect the issue. The reason for being sure that it was not the deceased's drugs was because usually the person who was addicted to drugs would have to take possession of the goods and if it belonged to the deceased when found, it would have to be found inside the deceased rather than lying next to the deceased. That's where the police were able to successfully investigate the root cause, and last night conducted an investigation. Mr. Sarawut then confessed that he was a self-employed person by 2.30 p.m. Moo 4, Nong Ya Plong Subdistrict, Thap Than District, Uthai Thani Province Mr. Sarawut was wearing a helmet and handcuffed. Wearing the armor of a police officer to protect him during the planning process, he cooperated well with the investigators and said that at the first point, he was sitting in a ambush. Mr. Can Hattaboon People of Khok Phra District, Nakhon Sawan Province Before taking action, the shot is below which is a pile of dirt. Enough to see. Mr. Can, riding a motorcycle, fired one shot. While the deceased was sitting on a red motorcycle, registration 227 Nakhon Sawan, after hearing the sound of the deceased's motorcycle extinguished, he took action until the deceased ran away. Mr. Sarawut said that Lt. Techint, who was the one who fired the shot, found gunshot marks in the back of the head and back right shoulder, and found several methamphetamine pills contained in a blue bag. A shotgun shell and a 9 mm bullet were dropped, and the police officer asked Mr. Sarawut to come and ask for blood marks that Mr. Can lay dead with a stressed expression on his face and prostrate to the ground. HE DID NOT RESPOND TO A REPORTER'S QUESTION ABOUT THE CAUSE OF THE ATTACK. Maj. Gen. Chanwit Kanoknak The Police Chief revealed that the policy of the Royal Thai Police has always been to ensure that the commanders of all police stations are monitored. To prevent the police from interfering with drugs. If any police officers are found to be involved, they will take disciplinary and criminal action against all officers, such as Lt. Col. Techint, a boatman, or a sword flute. The director of the investigation group, Mr. Korokpra, whose name was involved in the case of the killing of Mr. Can Hattaboon. The Nakhon Sawan Provincial Police has set up a committee to investigate since yesterday, which is still in the process of disciplinary investigation, and if found guilty, he will be removed from the service. The police are addicted to drugs, or involved in any form of drugs, will definitely not protect them." I have already instructed Pol. Col. Yospong Kuldilak, Director of The Korokpra Police Department, to investigate and prosecute all allegations of offenses. As for the case, Mr. Can's death occurred in the area. A.Thap than Uthai Thani Police Thap Than police have been coordinating since yesterday as well. Thap Than police in Uthai Thani province have picked up Lt. Col. Techint, a boat master, to continue the investigation," SPONSORED when asked if there were any other police officers in Nakhon Sawan province involved in the case. Pol. Maj. Gen. Chanwit said the investigation has not been conducted yet. He insisted that it wasn't. Whether it's a policeman or an ordinary person. If the name is involved, it will be prosecuted. If found to be a police officer, disciplinary and criminal charges will be imposed. I insisted that I would not involve police in crime and drug cases in the police office. The latest reporter reported that the Nakhon Sawan Provincial Court He was allowed to detain Lt. Col. Techint, a boat master, or sword flute, and opposed bail because the case was an outrageous case.
The girl sings "Score" net idol, pretending to use the name "Mu" only.|Girl singing "Silk Road must survive" was "scored" by famous net idol Apply your name and personal information Finally, subpoenas were issued by several agencies. As he clarified through the popular show. The name was adopted because Mu alone has been successful to this day. On the afternoon of December 7, 2022, Ms. Kanokyada Chitramber, 24, or Nong Joy, with her family, visited Mr. Universe Yellowprasert. The founder of The Silk Road Page must be saved to seek advice on how to prosecute Net Idol. Two famous girls After taking her ID card and personal information for exploitation, inviting online gambling and advertising alcohol until she was issued a summons from several agencies, Ms. Kanokyada said that she knew Mr. Nanpol Boonmee, or Score, a transgender woman who was a senior friend in school. Before using his mobile phone to take his ID card after graduation, he did not contact each other until May 58, when he told him to stay in the hospital and asked to take a new card, the old one was lost, but that time did not give away until 2020, he received a summons to go to the Police Division because the name was advertised inviting gambling to clarify if it was the same person or not. Later, documents from various agencies were sent for clarification. On August 22, 2022, I received a letter from the Office of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Commission due to: "Ms. Kanokyada said that in the past, she had seen the name change of Facebook by changing from Miss Kanokyada Chitrampan to Miss Kanokyada Chitampon or many other names. While at some point in the show, the alleged net idol argued against "Score", clarifying the question of whether she used Joy's name because she wanted to be a woman. "Score" replied that it wasn't, but it was really because of Mu. today I have achieved this day. The name has 70% of the part, but it's because of it.
1 dead, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1 injured, 1|A 20-year-old man in the middle of the Lam Sali Pattana community sits with a knife and swings, blocking the way for anyone to pass by. Unbeknownst to him, he was stabbed to death in the left side of the frame before reaching the doctor's hand. A good citizen was seen helping to get stabbed and hurt another. Police in Huamark police station stopped the incident, and the man fled the house for more than an hour and had to use tear gas to chase him out. Outside until he was arrested. The authorities had to keep themselves away because the villagers were angry when a drug-addicted man stabbed the villagers to death 1 and injured 1 this time. It was unveiled at 9 a.m. on Dec. 7. Kong Kraisawat Huamark Police Department Lt. Col. Pairoj Rattanapong, deputy commissioner of huamark police station, was informed by the radio room. Huamark Police Station A drunk man rampaged with a knife and stabbed and injured a citizen. In Soi Krungthep Kreetha 3, Huamark Subdistrict, Saphan Sung District, Bangkok, call the defense and suppression officers. The Huamark Police Department went to investigate the scene of the accident as a community of Lam Sali Pattana. The appearance of several adjoining houses Meet the villagers helping to blockade. Single storey wooden house There was no number, ready to shout for the villain to leave the house to surrender. He was later identified as Mr. Prabda Champlain, 20, a resident of Ang Thong province. Turn on loud music to drown out the police calls. Two people were stabbed when Udom Mansurin, 69, and Surachet Sukprayoon, 45, were taken to the hospital. But Mr Udom died before reaching the doctors, authorities dispersed the blockade of the house. For more than an hour, Prabda refused to surrender. He decided to throw tear gas into the house. Prabda ran out and was arrested by the police. As the villagers tried to get in, the officers had to be rushed from the scene. Huamark police immediately investigated Mr. Po Tama, 62, a villager who witnessed the incident, testified that Mr. Prabda lived with his father, had a career in a car ride, and rented a house in the alley. The locals called him "Beckham", a quiet man who had been treated for a nervous breakdown at the hospital. When he came out, he was addicted to marijuana and methamphetamine when he thought he was going to use methamphetamine again. In the morning, the music was playing loudly. Put a bed sheet in the middle of the road and sit on the sidelines, both hands holding knives to prevent people from passing by, but no one thinks there will be anything. Because Mr. Prabda usually behaves like this, even Mr. Udom rides a bicycle past. Prabda stabbed him with a knife and seriously injured him before he died. Mr. Surachet, the one hurt. An eyewitness tried to intervene and was stabbed in the back by another person. afterwards Prabda ran into the house. Both injured were taken to hospital. Mr. Udom died while Mrs. Malee Mansin, 59, wife of the deceased Mr. Udom, said that before the incident, the deceased went out to buy food. I usually go out in the evening. I knew that my husband had been stabbed but I didn't think he would die, probably because he hit an important point on the left side. I didn't expect this to happen, and the family who followed the news every day was horrible. The deceased is 70 years old and has been here for a long time. Family can also be tricky. Make sweets, go out and sell. People in the Lam Sali Pattana community knew the deceased well. The perpetrator was someone who didn't know how to rent a house. From this, the ceremony will be performed according to Islamic principles. At Lam Sali Mosque at 9 a.m. on Dec. 8, while investigators waited to interrogate Prabda after recovering from a frenzy. The charges of inflicting bodily injury on another person and killing another person to death continue.
"Big Joke" reveals that the gangsters shot down the house, "Sgt. Pae smiles" yan is not related to politics.|"Big Joke" wading through Nakhon Sawan attended a meeting to follow up on the incident of the villains storming the house "S.J. Pae smiled", the assistant secretary. Transport Minister reveals case progress - not related to politics The point is to contradict local construction bids. Yam knew all the connections - an arrest warrant was issued if the girl reached anyone on December 7, 2022 in Nakhon Sawan Province. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, came to the meeting to monitor the progress. The suspect used a firearm to shoot down the residence. Mr. Songsak Promoteudomchai (S.J. Pae smile), Assistant Secretary Minister of Transport in Phayuha Khiri District, Nakhon Sawan Province In the middle of the night on November 24, 2022, with Maj. Gen. Chanwit Otter bird Chief Of Staff Provincial Police Investigation Team THE PROVINCIAL POLICE INVESTIGATION TEAM REGION 6 AND THE INVESTIGATING POLICE OFFICER, PHAYUHA KIRI, ATTENDED THE MEETING TO REPORT ON THE PROGRESS, WHICH LASTED MORE THAN 1 HOUR. Therefore, he insisted that this matter was not related to politics, but rather to the controversy over the bidding of various construction works in the locality, which had been guilty many times before. It was found that the group of people who did it were the same group of people. Therefore, he came today to determine the way of working, which from now on will appoint him as the chief investigator in cooperation with the police chiefs of both Nakhon Sawan and Uthai Thani provinces. Because going to an auction competition is said to go to an auction event, but will use a gun to shoot people, shoot cars. Shoot the house, it becomes a barbaric house like this, it can't. Today, in terms of the evidence in the case, it is considered that there is enough to ask the court to issue an arrest warrant, which has been scoured by various groups and knows all the links. The chief of the house, who has a problem with the auction competition, will go to a group of people who have been jailed for the shooting, which will soon be issued for his arrest. If the girl is investigated, she must be hit. I'm not overwhelmed by anything," he said.
Raiding the house of the "famous heroine of the 90s" catches the famous brand supplements - advertisements boiled consumers |Police bring subpoena to Pattaya Raid the home of a former '90s star who owns a well-known dietary supplement. After false quality-properties propaganda and importing false information into the computer system on December 7, 2022. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant Lt. Col. Apirak Champasri, 2nd Lt. Col., 2nd Lt. Col. Supanat Ketkaew. - 2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2. Pattaya Provincial Court and police officers raided 2 locations at a house in Dusit Pattaya Hill Village. M.1 No.1 Huay Yai Bang Lamung, Chonburi and a house. In Khon Suk Village 1 M.9 Bangsaray Sattahip district, Chonburi province, after police officers Kg.2, The Police Department 2 has been monitoring the online media and found that Grand Jane 14 Co., Ltd., which belongs to Ms. Patnaree Thirachotipuvanan, a former heroine of the 90s, and Ms. Wirannat Peerasabai, falsely advertised the benefits, qualities or properties of MANA (Mana) supplements or deceived them into unreasonable beliefs. By using messages that are unfair to consumers or using messages that may result in negative consequences for society. Via www.mana69.comSPONSORED, a house was searched in Dusit Pattaya Hill Village. M.1 Huay Yai Bang Lamung District, Chonburi Province, v. Ms. Patnaree Thirachotipuvanan Officers seized a number of suspected products. For the relevant authorities to investigate further. They then searched another house in Koon Suk village, 1 T. Bang Saray. Sattahip district, Chonburi province, which is the home of Ms. Wirannat Peerasabai, 42 years old, who admits to being the administrator of the website and Line official, mana men's supplement, arranged the advertisement. A number of suspected products to be sent to the investigating officer, Pak Kret Police Station, Nonthaburi Province. Continue with the legal process.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police accepted the child Chuvit Yan not neglected, ordered the Deputy Inspector General to take the examination of the Police Department.|In the case of Chuvit, there is a policeman, allowing the Chinese capital group to be gray. Illegally registered to reside in Thailand that he was aware of the matter and ordered the Deputy Inspector General of Police Fact Check Ensure transparency and disregard for the Royal Thai Police. At 10.00 a.m. on December 8, 2022, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police, mentioned the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, at a press conference on the operation to break down the iceberg underwater. In the case of the police, the immigration bureau Facilitating the gray Chinese capital group and opening evidence of the establishment of a foundation to register Chinese people living in Thailand illegally that they have been informed. He was recently assigned to Lt. Gen. Jira Jiraveera, deputy chief of staff. Preside over fact-checking And report the results as soon as possible. If found guilty, take legal action by ordering, emphasizing the policy, must not let go, do not help, according to the evidence, facts. Confirm that the organization must be transparent and verifiable, not just in the case of immigration police officers. Every information, every complaint. Requires monitoring, execution Thank you for all the information of the people. IN HELPING TO MONITOR THE WORK OF POLICE OFFICERS.SPONSORED
Collect "Fluffy Nun" Online merchants scam to sell supplements, causing more than 5 million damages|Metropolitan IDMB detectives collect fluffy nuns scams to sell health supplements online Blacklisted There are many victims. The damage amounted to 5 million baht. Detention Chiang Mai Police Department prosecuted the case in accordance with the policy of Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Police Chief, to crack down on criminal organizations that commit all forms of online crimes that cause trouble to many honest citizens. Later, the patrol kit went online. The Royal Thai Police has been informed of the public's distress on the "Metropolitan IDMB Investigation" page to assist in the investigation and arrest of Ms. Puinun Konraeng, who was involved in opening a Facebook account to sell JOJU collagen supplements, Aura White body lotion, Yerpall strawberry serum, Chariya gotu kola soap, and red dose wrong serum. Nano Whitedos using Facebook account name "Pui Nun (Afus)", account name "Sumintra Sunachai", account name "Nun Nonnonnon", account name "Maneerat Thong", account name "Sirinan Proud" in the fake sales post until the name is blacklisted. Cheater account It has caused a lot of trouble for innocent people. The damage amounted to more than 5 million baht, sponsored on Dec. 7, Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng. Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General Teeradej Thamsuthi Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Sarawut Major, Lt. Col. Niwat Pueng-Uthaisri, Lt. Col. Kamon Numhom Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Ritwee Sukcharoen, Deputy Director of News Analysis and Special Tools B.S.C., M.S.S., M.S.A., M.P.S., M.S.A., M.P.S., Lieutenant Colonel Tanapol Manosorn, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Security. News analysis and special tools The Royal Thai Police has investigated and arrested Ms. Maneerat Thong or Nunsri or Pui Nun (Aphis) or "Sumintra Sunachai" or "Nun Nonnonnon" or "Maneerat Thong" or "Sirinan Proud", aged 19, a villager in Moo 4, Ban Mung Subdistrict, Noen Maprang District, Phitsanulok Province, for allegedly committing fraud and Section 14 paragraph two (1) of the Computer Crime Act B.E. 2550.  Two arrest warrants were found in Chiang Mai District Court No. 486/2565 dated 12 October 2022, accused of committing fraud and Section 14 paragraph two (1) of the Computer Crime Act B.E. 2550 (2007). Chang Phueak Police Station, Chiang Mai Province, and an arrest warrant for the Central Juvenile and Family Court (Minburi Branch) for the offense of "failing to appear in court as scheduled". According to the arrest warrant no. 21/2565, the accused was arrested in front of a worker's residence along Municipal Road 7 Moo 4, Rahaeng Subdistrict, Lat Lum Kaeo District, Pathum Thani Province. Graduated from 6th grade He moved to live in Rahaeng subdistrict, Lat Lum Kaeo district, Pathum Thani province since the age of 12. I used to sell skin creams online, but when I had trouble spinning money in time, I took orders from customers and used the money to spend other things instead of before. When the order is due to be delivered to the customer, it is not possible to find the product to deliver to the customer. Therefore, they buy other products such as cheap shampoos, drinking water in convenience stores, or others that can be sent to customers instead of the products they want. Since 2020, there have been an average of 10-15 victims per month. 10,000-12,000 baht per case, with an average monthly income of more than 200,000 baht, the damage value from 2020 to the end of 2021 is more than 5 million baht. News Analysis Investigators arrested him. CHANGPUAK POLICE IN CHIANG MAI PROVINCE CONTINUE TO PROSECUTE SPONSORED POL. MAJ. GEN. THEERADEJ THAMSUTHIR The Police Commissioner said that he would like to inform the public that fraudsters are lurking through various online communication channels, whether it is Facebook, LINE or other platforms, so be careful not to rush to conclusions about money transfers. Although it is a case with not much damage, if it is a case in which the people are in trouble. We do it immediately. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Police
Pha Muang police clash with caravan carrying drugs in Fang district, killing 15, seizing 5.8 million methamphetamine pills|Soldiers from pha muang forces clash with drug convoys While patrolling the area of Ban Pa Kha - Ban Rim Dong. Mon Pin Subdistrict, Fang District, Chiang Mai Province 15 opponents were found dead and 5.8 million pills seized from around 6:00 p.m. on Dec. 7, 2022. The commander of Pha Muang received a report that the troops of the 3207th Scout Troop, 3rd Army Operations Center Scout Troop, and the 4th Cavalry Regiment, 5th Cavalry Regiment Task Force, Pha Muang Force. Shots were fired at a group of drug convoys along the border. While patrolling Ban Pa Ka-Ban Rim Dong. Mon Pin Subdistrict, Fang District, Chiang Mai Province In accordance with the plan to launch a counter-narcotics campaign, a group of about 15-20 suspects was detected walking from the myanmar side of the terrain. When the group saw the officers, armed with unknown firearms, they clashed for about 10 minutes, but because they feared danger, they blocked the area and checked the area this morning to find the deceased. 15 bodies seized 29 backpacks containing narcotics, 1 carbine rifle and 1 unknown grenade thrown at 07.00 on 8 December 2022. Maj. Gen. Suparuek Sathapornphol The commander of pha muang forces inspected the crime scene and ordered strict surveillance for fear of continuing to transport narcotics. It was found that inside the concealment of 5.8 million class 1 drugs (methamphetamine) was found. Authorities are investigating the origin and route of the movement as to which drug group it belongs to.
Gang brutally beats young student to death, owes 1 million to World Cup betting|A young college student in Rangsit district owes 1 million from a friend who became a bird. Invite to play Claim a bet before paying later. The serial misdemeanor became indebted to millions, and the Volvo sedan was seized. Recently, he was carried away by a debt collection gang. Forcing dad to use debt instead. Before filling in the liquor, he was attacked and thrown on the side of the road, threatening not to report the case on December 8, 2022. The reporter received a complaint from Mr. Somchai (pseudonym). The father of Mr. Akaraphon (Sanguan Surname), aged 21, a student of a university in Rangsit district, said that while his son was dining with friends at a restaurant in Rangsit, there was a group of 6 able-bodied men, 2 of whom were Mr. Bodin and Mr. Sittichok, 1 of the 6 people who called the victims to talk in front of the restaurant. To collect the outstanding debt for online gambling about 1 million baht. The victims were then carried in a black Alpard van. I can't remember the registration number. Use firearms and knives to force them to press their heads to the floor of the car. Do not see the route when driving to the Chiang Rak Noi Expressway area. He dragged the victim to the side of the road before taking him to a warehouse, then assaulted him several times, then forced to call his father, Mr. Somchai, to get 500,000 lakh baht to use for half of the debt. Mr. Somchai Father has negotiated with the debt collection gang. The remaining 100,000 baht will be paid gradually before transferring the amount to the account. Ms. Pavena learned that she was Mr. Bodin's girlfriend after receiving 100,000 baht. Mr. Bodin and his men caught the victim filling in alcohol and then proceeded to practice until he was asphyxiated, before throwing him on the side of rangsit-nakhonnayok road. Across the street from Paolo Hospital, the victim escaped when the victim regained consciousness. Therefore, we called a taxi to be dropped off at Paolo Rangsit Hospital. Doctors found that the victim was seriously injured in the assault. There were more than 30 stitches to the head and several cuts to the face. There were several bruises on the body before being carried a few days ago. The debt collection gang seized the victim's 3.4 million-baht Volvo sedan, fearing it would be sold on the black market. Lt. Col. Amornthep New S.W.A. (investigation) In order to track down all debt collection gangs to prosecute the law to the end and help track down the cars back at the same time. The families of the victims are worried that the case will not progress and are concerned for the safety of the family, as well as the perpetrators of the threatening crimes, if they report to death, they would like to leave it to the police to speed up the pursuit of the perpetrators to prosecute the large gambling debts that were collected by the gangs before they were attacked. Start with fellow students The same m. was a bird, later persuaded to gamble by opening a credit to bet in the amount of 500,000 baht. Play before you lose, you don't have to pay. But when I gambled, stabbed many wrong pairs, I became in a lot of debt. Used to transfer money back to the bookmaker through the account. Miss Pavena came at one time in the amount of 30 thousand baht. Before I was carried to rehearsals because I didn't have the money to pay off my debts.
My wife "Pao Kranuan" was also fatally shot 5 times after police arrested her husband.|Extraordinary case of Pao Kranuan, a drug dealer The 27-year-old, a gang mate who was also in the car, escaped. The villain's wife was hit by a bullet 5. The appointment is still under the care of a doctor. The owner of the car that Mr. Pao took away revealed that his sister was tricked by a man into taking 3 cars, but he could not be caught. An extraordinary police officer murdered the accused on Ban Khok Sawang Road. Khammuang to Khamtana House T.Khao Suan Kwang A.Khao Suan Kwang, Khon Kaen province. A body was found. Mr. Anon or Pao Onsakhon or "Pao Kranuan", 27 years old, methamphetamine dealer Half Kham Charoen Villagers Hua Na Kham The accused Khon Kaen Provincial Court Arrest Warrant No. 267/2565 dated August 27, 2022 for "Fighting or obstructing an officer, committing an act of mayhem, threatening to use lethal force, attempting to kill another person, using firearms or ammunition without permission, and Kalasin Provincial Court Arrest Warrant No. 44/2565 dated February 24, 2022 for "conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit drug-related offenses. 00 a.m. on December 8, Ms. Wan (pseudonym), a resident of Sai Ngam district, Kamphaeng Phet province, who reported the theft of a car, revealed that her sister broke up with her boyfriend before her sister came to know a man named Mr. A, 20 years old, a resident of Pranburi district, Prachuap Khiri Khan province, and the man knew that she had 3 cars because they knew each other on the TikTok app. Mr. A would say that a rich man spends tens of thousands a day. The family was very rich. When I drove away from the pump, the car hit the footpath. The front of the car broke down, so he took the car to repair and took another car of his brother to run instead, saying that he took it to drive to pick up pineapples and sell them, as well as take another red Ford Everest with him. I don't know if I took it as a pawn or sold it. Physically assaulting a sister Before he could escape in a scapular state, he got back in the van. BUT MR. A KNEW A COLORED PERSON AND TOLD THE POLICE TO TRAP THE VAN, BUT HE KNEW IT, SO HE FLED BY HAVING ANOTHER BROTHER PICK HIM UP AND ESCAPED. When he returned to his house in Kamphaeng Phet province, he asked for the car back and drove to Prachuap Khiri Khan, according to various claims of the man, who recently told the car was in Samut Songkhram, but there was no fuel to fill all 3 cars, but he did not return, did not find himself and could not contact him again. When I found out later, I saw the news of Mr. Pao Kranuan driving his sister's car, and he knew the details from the news before the police called to find the owner of the car. Today, they will carry out the procedure by having the insurance company manage it, which has first-class insurance, in which all 3 cars were tricked by a man named Mr. From August 2022 until September, gradually, the first car on the 5th, 8th, 12th, by taking it to the stall car will take it to run pineapple for a wage of 3,000 baht a day, seeing that it is good, let it go, the red car tells to take it to repair, the 3rd car tells the father to take it to the temple of the egg, so I started to fuss about how to escape because there is suspicious, so I told him to hurry up and get out before he went to the police station on September 30, 2022 at Pak Nam Pran Police Station, Prachuap Khiri Khan province. Mr. Nai or Mr. A, who deceived his sister into taking all 3 cars, prosecuted the case to the end with the extraordinary incident of the villain "Pao Kranuan". Khon Kaen Police Chief Maj. Gen. Noppakao Somnath said police officers and officers were on duty. K.S.S.P., Khon Kaen and K.S.S.P.4 Investigators learned that Mr. Pao, the accused, had been arrested along with the men entering the area. Mr. Pao will come to his wife and visit his children by opening a resort in Kham Muang subdistrict. Khao Suan Kwang district, Khon Kaen province, is a place to stay for his wife, Ms. Thiyata Twila. Come on, come on. The police officers then brought a force with a warrant to the resort to arrest him and asked for a search of the room because he suspected drugs and illegal substances, and assumed that Pao would have weapons of war and firearms. He called for a search, and he and his wife and a male friend ran into the car and drove to the police breakout. Hit the resort fence and break away on the road. The police officers then drove off in pursuit until they arrived on the road. The police officer who was chasing him decided to shoot at Pao's car and shoot the tires, causing the left rear tire to break. Pao also tried to drive away, but could not escape, so he opened the door to get out of the car, and could not escape, falling to his death in the middle of the road. His wife was shot five times and seriously injured and taken to Khao Suan Kwang Hospital and transferred to Srinakarin Hospital. When his friend came to know the name of Mr. Praditporn Boonko, he ran into the forest and fled. Mr. Pao used a gun to shoot at police officers along the way, which was later intercepted, and Mr. Pao was extraordinary, so he searched the car. Three M16 firearms were found outside the vehicle and seized for further investigation. Able to escape arrest. The police will speed up the search for the rest of the people who came with Mr. Pao to continue the case.
The police shot his friend and took him into custody because he was sure that the deceased had stolen his mobile phone.|Khon Kaen police officer shoots friend dead Filed for detention, the director revealed. The accused pleaded guilty and shot because he was confident. The deceased was a mobile phone thief, drunk and shot him. At 2.30 p.m. on December 8, 2022, at Khon Kaen City Police Station, Pol. Col. Preecha Kengsarikit, Director of Khon Kaen City Police Department, together with the investigating officers, detained Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49 years old, Director of Mu. 2nd District Police Department Nong Waeng Nong Bua Daeng Chaiyaphum The accused in the case of deliberately killing others submitted the case to the Khon Kaen Provincial Court, khon kaen city police said, after 49-year-old Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, a police officer, was arrested. The 2nd District Police Department used a 9 mm firearm to shoot Lt. Col. Conquer Saenkhan, 44, a group officer. 2nd Lt. Col. While attending the guard, he was at the guard box. Entrance to the community of residences Which is in the Ban Nong Hai area. M.8 The incident occurred on the morning of December 6, when police detained Dr. Chuchat Kuakkeaw, 49, by shooting him in the leg and injuring him and taking him to Khon Kaen Hospital. The doctor admitted him to the hospital until his condition improved. There were no complications, so he left the hospital, the investigating officer, Khon Kaen City Police Station, so he was taken out of the hospital to investigate and report the charges. The cause of the incident was caused by someone stealing a mobile phone and believing that Dr. Conquer Saenkhan was the one who stole it. On the day of the incident, he bought 40 degrees of liquor and then walked over with a bag with a 9mm gun in his pocket. Walk over to talk and ask Dr. Conquer Saenkhan who entered the security guard box. There was a conversation and asked about the theft of the lost mobile phone, but Dr. Conquer Saenkhan refused and also spoke badly, so he took out his own pistol and shot Dr. Conquer Saenkhan until he died. The 16-year-old walked on the side of the road and walked to the garden and was shot in the leg and injured," khon kaen police chief said after the investigation, so he was charged with intentional homicide and carrying a weapon in the city. and charges of shooting in a public place without reasonable cause. The accused pleaded guilty to all charges. The investigating officer has opposed bail because it is an outrageous case. The accused was injured and therefore could not be sent to detention. Because the doctor had to treat the wound first, and when the accused was safe, the doctor left the hospital. The investigating officer completed the investigation and informed the accused and then sent the case to the Khon Kaen Provincial Court in accordance with the procedures of the law, while the accused Dr. Chuchart briefly said that he did not want to talk about what happened because it was personal and felt guilty and apologized to the family of the deceased.
Pavena Prasarn Foundation helps 2 Thai girls who have been molested to return to the country|Pavena Prasarn Foundation Thai and Myanmar soldiers helped 2 teenage girls who were tricked into prostitution in Lok King, revealed that they were forced to take drugs, erotic trade, detained and tortured to starve if they resisted, and brought to Mae Sai checkpoint today at 2 p.m. on Dec. 8, 2022, at the 2nd Mae Sai border checkpoint in Chiang Rai province. Chairman of Pavena Hongsakul Foundation for Children and Women, together with Col. Natee Pimsen, Director of The 2nd Km., and Chairman of the Thai-Myanmar Border Coordination Committee Local Government (TBC) Thai Department Khemchat Wattananapakasem, Chiang Rai Police Chief, and Ms. Pani Chantan, Sheung Rai, joined the victims of 2 Thai girls, aged 17 and 26, who were tricked into prostitution in Lok King, Myanmar. Suffered like hell alive because of forced drug use, prostitution. If they resist, they are physically abused, detained, starved. A ABLE-BODIED MAN DRESSED LIKE A SOLDIER CARRYING AN M-16 GUN WAS IN FRONT OF THE SPONSORED ROOM WHEN A MYANMAR MILITARY VEHICLE ESCORTED THE TWO YOUNG WOMEN TO THE FRONT OF THE 2ND BORDER CHECKPOINT. The 2 young women got out of the car and stepped on the Thai land, hugged Mrs. Pavina and cried heavily, glad to be back in Thailand, as if dead and reborn. The officers were then taken to the screening room and the staff were taken home. Police Commissioner Interrogation to identify trafficking victims and Mrs. Pavena Hongsakul The President of Pavena Foundation led 2 young female victims thanks to Col. Natthi Timsen. 2nd Lieutenant Chairman of the Thailand-Myanmar Border Coordination Committee Local Government (TBC), Thai Department, Thai Embassy Representative in Myanmar Lt. Col. Khemchat Wattananapakasem, Director of The Chiang Rai Police Department, and Ms. Panee Chantan, Ph.D. Chiang Rai, who coordinated with Myanmar soldiers to rescue the two Thai women, was successfully released and returned safely that same evening. Mrs. Pavena took the two trafficking victims to The Pavena Foundation in Pathum Thani province to provide protection and meet their mothers before making an appointment to meet the victims. Lt. Col. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, to interrogate and expand the results of the arrest. The human trafficking movement prosecuted Mrs. Pavena, she said, in October 2022. The mother and father of five young female victims have petitioned the Pavena Foundation to help their daughter get tricked into prostitution in Lok King, Myanmar. Col. Natee Timsen 2nd Lieutenant Chairman of the Thailand-Myanmar Border Coordination Committee The Thai government and the Thai Embassy in Myanmar coordinated with the Myanmar military to rescue a total of 5 Thai women, 3 of whom returned on November 27. The fighting situation and the airport of Laziao city was closed. THEREFORE, THE SITUATION MUST BE RESOLVED BEFORE SPONSORED UNTIL DECEMBER 8, 2022 AT 2:00 P.M., MRS. PAVINA WAS INFORMED BY THE THAI EMBASSY THAT THE CITY OF LA XIAO HAD TEMPORARILY STOPPED FIGHTING. The Myanmar military then sent 2 Thai girls back to Lok King and drove to Laxiao. Transfer to Tachileik Myanmar Before taking the next car to Mae Sai Border Checkpoint No. 2, Chiang Rai province.
A caravan of drug gangs in which Fang captured 15 dead police officers inspected the area and transported the bodies down the mountain today.|Pha Muang police clashed with a caravan carrying 372 kg of meth, killing 15 people in the forest along the border in Fang district. The body of the culprit will be taken down from him for autopsy today from the case at 6.00 p.m. on December 7, 2022. Maj. Gen. Suparuek Sathapornphol Pha Muang Police Chief ordered the interception of narcotics in border areas with contact areas with neighboring countries in accordance with the plan to launch a counter-narcotics campaign. Col. Somkiat Nutavanich 5th Lieutenant, 3rd Lieutenant 3207th Lt. Col. Chankit Kanpakdee The 2nd Chief of Army Staff is Lieutenant Colonel Sarun Kanthap. The 4th Lieutenant snatched the 5th M.M. to carry out an ambush on the terrain channel. Monpin-Maesoon Fang, Chiang Mai A group of about 15-20 suspects was seen walking through the myanmar terrain. ABOUT 4 KILOMETERS FROM THE BORDER, SPONSORED FROM AMBUSH OBSERVED EACH OF THEM. The attacker then showed up and signaled to stop, but the group saw that it was until Lt. used an unknown firearm to shoot at him, so the clash lasted about 10 minutes. At the end of the gunfire, check our side is safe, darkness cannot enter to clear the area. Later in the morning at 08.00 a.m. on December 8, 2022, the police inspected the clash area and found 15 dead opponents, 31 modified backpacks, and checked in the backpacks to find drugs (ice). 1 carbine firearm Three unknown grenades were thrown, according to the news release. Lt. Col. Sanchai Panichkul, Commanding Officer, Lt. Col. Kriangsak Tongsiri, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Chaiya Konchob, Deputy Director (Investigation) Capt. Bhuvanath Chanthapoon Pongsorn Roiworn joins together Forensic officers, investigators, prosecutors, administrative officers, doctors at Fang Hospital walked to investigate the scene. It took about 4 hours to reach the scene of the accident, when they arrived at the scene, they found 15 bodies of drug smugglers with 31 sacks of ice, totaling 372 kilograms, converted into backpacks scattered throughout the forest area where the accident occurred. Striped T-shirts Black long-sleeved shirt, black pants, brown pants, and cuts on the body. The forensic officer inspected the crime scene and collected evidence. The corpse cannot be brought down due to the dark sky. IT IS EXPECTED TO BE BROUGHT DOWN TODAY (DEC. 9) FOR ANOTHER FORENSIC AUTOPSY.
"Savage Farang" Brutal Khmer girl, knife slit and acid splashing genitals, hurt and dying|Artist, young painter Cambodian Lawyer Tum was assaulted by a Polish frenchman for "beating and knife-acid splashing". More than 200 stitches were sewn and the celebrity lawyer prepared to sing "Big Joke". This december on December 8, 2022 The reporter reported that from the case of Page Advocate Siddharth Bhairawad or Lawyer Tum The secretary-general of the People's Advocacy Team posted a photo of a young Cambodian woman with a career as a freelance painter, being physically assaulted by a Polish frenchman. He used a knife to slit his face, hammer, and splashed acid on his face, body and genitals until he was injured. The incident occurred in a deserted forest near one of the shops. Naklua Soi 16 Moo 5 Nong Prue On November 1, 2022, by the page of Mr. Sititra's lawyer. Cambodian artist accused of painting Cambodian girl tricked by Polish mafia into painting in Chonburi When I got to the site, I locked the victim up, then assaulted him with a knife and acid splashed until there were more than 260 stitches all over his body, it took several days for the police to issue an arrest warrant until the accused fled, so the victim came to complain to me. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, to help expedite the case. Reporters went to investigate the scene, which is a short distance from the Bamboo restaurant. He spoke to Mr. Golf, 42, the owner of the restaurant, who said the incident happened in the evening. The sun is almost setting. He saw the injured person in the custody of the police and rescuers in a bloody scapular condition, but before the injured person was in such a state, he came to eat at the restaurant with 1 dog. Mr. Bangmad, 24, a condo security guard near the scene, said he found the injured person, who was injured all over his body and was walking up from the beach. At first I thought I was on a rock, but when I looked closely, I saw traces of wounds on my body. Blood bathed his body, and his torso was completely soaked, like he had been splashed with acid, so he knew that the injured person had been physically abused. The culprit is probably about 2 foreigners, 1 skinny and 1 fat, with the skinny person clamping the plastic bottle under the armpits all the time. After the incident, the 2 gangsters walked up from the beach and acted as if nothing had happened. The owner of the crime scene. He said the police officers were not calm and would speed up the investigation and work fully, which after the incident, the police went on a chase to the culprit and seized the items that fell at the scene, including knives and hammers, as well as dna testing. However, it appears that the investigation guidelines know that the culprit is a Polish national who has fled the country since November 3, 2022, so he coordinated with the immigration police to issue a warrant for this Polish farang and coordinated with the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) to issue a red arrest warrant. In law enforcement, continue to arrest this culprit.
The 6th Reading of the Supreme Court without the shadow of Tarit Case No. 157 Charges against Mark-Suthep for manslaughter|The Criminal Court held its sixth reading in the case of the former Director General of DSI. Abuse of duty Accused of killing Marc-Uncle Suthep, dissolving the mob The 53-year-old is still without "Tarit". Only 2-4 defendants came to court to win another postponement. At 9 a.m. on Dec. 9 in Room 809, Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Road The court scheduled a reading. Supreme Court Judgment No. 6 in Case of Misconduct A.310/2556 in which Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva, former Prime Minister, and Mr. Suthep Thaugsuban, former Deputy Prime Minister and former Director of the Emergency Situation Resolution Center (Director-General) jointly filed a lawsuit. Mr. Tarit Pendit Former Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), Lt. Col. Wannapong Kocharak, former head of the investigation team for the deaths of people and government officials from the 2010 political violence, Lt. Col. Yuttana Pradam and Lt. Col. Piya Raksakul. As an investigating officer, together as the 1st and 4th defendants in the offense of being a joint official, performing their duties wrongfully or dishonestly, and being an investigating officer, acting with the intention of bullying others to receive criminal penalties according to Article 157, 200 of the Criminal Code, paragraph two. Jul 11-Dec 13, 2012 The four defendants, as DSI investigators, charged the two plaintiffs with ordering the killing of people and others, which was a misrepresentation of facts and intent to bully the plaintiff into criminal punishment. Issued an order to use force against the authorities to tighten the assembly area of the National Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship (UDD). In 2010, the protesters ousted Abhisit Vejjajiva as prime minister. The four defendants pleaded not guilty to the charges. The judge dismissed the case against the four defendants, both plaintiffs filed an appeal. The four defendants were sentenced to 3 years' imprisonment, reducing the sentence to 1/3, and imprisonment for each defendant to 2 years without parole. Earlier, the court postponed hearing several Supreme Court decisions on the issue of Mr. Tarit requesting a postponement on the grounds of illness. Also last time. Mrs. Payao Aghad Mother of Ms. Kamalged Aghad A volunteer nurse who died at Wat Pathum Wanaram has filed a petition to become a third party. It was also reported that several relatives of the deceased had also filed a petition this morning with only the 2nd and 4th defendants present for the hearing. Walking away from the press, he walked up to the courtroom. Dr. Huang Tojirakarn and Mrs. Tida Thavornset Mainstay The UDD came to give encouragement and monitor the situation, including Mr. Sawat Charoenphon. Plaintiff's Attorney Mr. Tarit has not yet been found to have come to court. Advocate Sawat Charoenphon The plaintiffs' lawyers said today that the 1 year after the verdict was postponed. It is not known whether Mr. Tarit will be present today for the hearing, and he will have to wait for the Criminal Court to consider whether the Supreme Court will consider allowing the relatives of the deceased to file additional statements. It is currently pending a court hearing.
The aunt pulled a shotgun, threatened the uncle, screamed at the grandchildren, and set fire to the cremation in the hut.|The aunt draws a shotgun and threatens to take the rent at the farm with her ex-husband. The gun struck his nephew, who was sitting nearby. The aunt was shocked, helpless. Decided to wrap the cloth and cremate the grandchildren for camouflage at 11.30 p.m. on December 8, 2022. Chai Wan district, Udon Thani province, received a report that the body was found burned at a cottage in Wang Ngam Pattana village. M.8 Therefore, he went out to check with him. Lt. Col. Surabdin Wongrinthong, Senator of Chaiwan Medical Center, Chai Wan Hospital Udon Thani Forensic Police and Udon Thani Dharma Promotion Foundation Rescue Volunteers Nong Han management point at the scene of the accident found Mr. Phu visit's body. He was 45 years old. villager M.1 T.Khamlau Chai Wan, Udon Thani province, burned all over his body, lying on a long wooden chair in front of a farm hut. Checking the condition of the corpse, they found clothes and belts, supposedly used to wrap and fasten the corpse, before setting fire to the body to camouflage. After being shot in the face with an unknown firearm, 2 holes were searched in the farm hut where the deceased was staying and found 2 long machetes and 1 long gun of the deceased. Initially, the police will send the body for dissection. Srinagarind Hospital The deceased was accompanied by Mr. Songmuang Jarayano or Kaen, 52, who lived in the same village, and Ms. Priya Deechan Nuea or Noi, 56, the aunt and former uncle-in-law of the deceased, at the scene. The investigating police brought the 2 persons to interrogate at the hotel, Mr. Sakrai Ritthijorn from Kamnan, Tambon Khamlau, said that he was informed by the villagers that there was a fire at the farm hut. When they arrived, they found a bonfire burning in front of the farm hut, so they went to extinguish the fire and found the body of the deceased, so they called the police, which the deceased was Mr. Phu visit, staying in the farm where the accident occurred, which was the farm of the aunt, Ms. Priya Deechan Nuea or Noi, where the deceased came to rent agricultural land. The former uncle-in-law lived where Mr. Phu visited, the deceased, was a hard worker, a good-natured person, usually staying in the village. When I came out to farm, I stayed at this cottage. WHEN THE PRODUCE IS OBTAINED, IT WILL BE DIVIDED WITH THE AUNT AS AGREED BY MS. PRIYA AND MR. TWO TOWNS. The police conducted an investigation for about 2 hours until Ms. Priya was arrested. He opened his mouth to say that he and his ex-husband were fighting. A gun was pulled up and a gun was snatched, causing the gun to be killed and burned to the ground. The police then searched for the gun. The gun was buried in the back of the house, about 300 meters from the hut where the shooting occurred. It was found to be an invented Thai short shotgun weapon. 1 caliber no. 12 with 1 bullet in the fire, so the police seized it as evidence in order to prosecute the law. They separated for almost 2 years. The ex-husband had also asked for a lease on his rice field, near the farm hut that his nephew had also asked to rent. At the time of the incident, he came to reclaim rice, which was the rent of a field with two town masters, at his nephew's cottage, and then had an argument with his ex-husband, and the ex-husband would physically assault him. Before the gunfire was knocked down by his nephew, Mr. Phu visited. Shocked, helpless. The ex-husband ran away. He was afraid of guilt, so he took mats and clothes to wrap his nephew's body and set it on fire, then took the gun and dug a grave in the back of the house before informing him that the fire broke out in the farm hut where his nephew lived.
My son was scared and shot his friend in the stomach. Mom reveals she was addicted to methamphetamine|Son of a 9mm gunman who shot his friend in the stomach. Claiming the goddess Lim Ko Liang ordered the shooting. The police were unable to interrogate him because he was circling around. The mother revealed that her child had been addicted to methamphetamine and was crazy 10 years ago, but was cured at 9 a.m. on Dec. 9. He shrugged. A person was shot and seriously injured by a firearm in a road in Moo village. 1 T. Nongpruong He shrugged, so he reported it. Lt. Col. Kan Thamkasem Deputy Chief of Staff Lieutenant-Colonel Worawat Kamwong, Director of The Police Department He then went to investigate the crime scene on the side of the road in front of the entrance of the house no. 2/1 Moo 1, T. Nongpong. He shrugged. One 9mm shell casing was found on the ground and the injured person, known as Mr. Weerasak Promkaew, 47, who was staying at the house where the incident occurred, was shot in the right abdomen and seriously injured. Relatives coordinated the hospital car and treated the perpetrator, Mr. Pornchai Panditsmith, 35, his son. Mrs. Somporn Scent Kamnan Nong Pruong He shrugged. After the incident, he rode a motorcycle and fled to the house, which is about 200 meters away from the crime scene, the investigation team of Khao Yoi Police Department followed and was able to detain him. Lt. Col. Prajak Muangsiri The arresting officer informed that Mr. Pornchai denied shooting people, but shot the target according to the mother's order because the goddess ordered in her head to pull the trigger. The mother of the incident said that Mr. Pornchai had a history of methamphetamine addiction more than 10 years ago and had been sent to rehab. Talk about the goddess. They can only watch and watch. I tried to call the police, but Pornchai kept an eye on him, even this morning. Mr. Pornchai rode his motorcycle out of the house, then heard a gunshot. He shot Mr. Weerasak, who is a close friend. Matt Dr. Worawat said. Mr. Pornchai, the perpetrator, also had a back-and-forth rant, unable to give a statement. Examine surrounding witnesses. The cause was set aside in case of anger over adultery and mania due to drugs. Take action while unconscious.
Villagers report lost money - owed After finding corruption in Phunphin cooperatives in hundreds of millions.|Phunphin villagers report missing money After discovering fraud in Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Co., Ltd., there was money lost from the member's account and unknowingly owed millions of baht. Initially, it was estimated that the damage was up to 100 million baht on December 9, 2022. Reporters reported that more than 6 members and former members of Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Co., Ltd. gradually posted their grievances at Phunphin Police Station, Phunphin District, Surat Thani Province. The latter was affected by the operation of Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Ltd., for example, found himself still in debt, despite having resigned a long time ago, as well as current members who tried to get out of debt, but the amount did not decrease. The 77-year-old grandmother, whose daughter and son-in-law took her mother to police, was arrested. Phunphin, after withdrawing money to treat himself in the knee joint, found that the computer system informed him that the money was only thousands of baht. MEANWHILE, THE ACCOUNT BOOK DISAPPEARED. The 77-year-old's son-in-law, who is in charge of his mother, said he trusted his mother to leave her account book with close friends at the cooperative and deposited about 70,000 baht several years ago for medical treatment. Until recently, it took a lot of money to treat knee pain, but it was found that the money in the account had disappeared to the thousands. In addition to that, there are those who unknowingly find themselves in debt. The matter came up red because the provincial cooperative officials randomly checked the debt condition from the villagers who were members. Compared to the debt condition of the cooperative, it was found that it was still owed even though it was never borrowed, and even after closing the debt and closing the account, leaving the cooperative, there was still a debt on the other side. Rubber farmers in Tha Reflect subdistrict area Phunphin said he owed the last 150,000 baht and continued to pay it until October 2020, when he closed his debt account and resigned from membership. An official from a large cooperative came to the house and informed him that there were 2 loan accounts totaling 1 million baht. Therefore, trying to ask the cooperative how it happened, he received an answer that he would contact back by himself until after 1 month, he still did not receive any progress information, so he entered the journal beforehand that there was no garden to know about the said 1 million baht debt. Career in large machinery contracting business Have 8 accounts of yourself and your descendants and deposit funds into successive accounts. Recently, I will withdraw money to buy more machines. Instead, they found that the amount in the computer system showed that some accounts were left with zero baht. Some accounts are left with 2 thousand baht. After checking all accounts, all the money was lost, totaling about 700,000 baht, and the book was informed by the cooperative staff that it could not be adjusted. He also found himself in debt to 2 cooperatives totaling 1.3 million baht. Even if you never borrow. When he asked to see the contract, he found that it was his own name, but the signature was not, and the title deed belonged to a relative of the cooperative officer, so he came to report the forging of the signature, causing himself to become indebted to Mrs. Chanakarn Nijakom. Fish farmers in the coop said they will use credit to buy fish food with the cooperative and gradually pay to pay for each round of food. When Dang came to investigate, he found that he still owed more than 170,000 baht for food. Even if the amount must be zero baht. I personally think that's going to happen. Personnel within the cooperative must be aware of it in order to be able to transfer the money they pay to the cooperative account without writing off the debt amount for themselves. According to the inquiry, Surat Provincial Cooperative Authority knows that the value of damage caused in Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Co., Ltd. should be as high as 100 million baht. I WOULD LIKE THE RELEVANT GOVERNMENT TO COME AND HELP THE VILLAGERS TO GET THEIR OWN MONEY BACK BECAUSE EVERYONE HAS DIFFICULTY RAISING MONEY SPONSORED. Mr. Sahas Petchsri, chairman of Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Co., Ltd., who has been in office for 4 months, stated that after finding corruption in the cooperative, he had already filed a police report at Phunphin Police Station last week and is now in the process of gathering evidence and damages of each member in order for the authorities to obtain arrest warrants for those who participated in the corruption process and to prosecute the law to the fullest extent. Initially, provincial officials thoroughly investigated the damage and found that there was corruption in all forms for Phunphin Agricultural Cooperative Ltd., with more than 900 members, mostly farmers in various fields, divided into 44 subgroups. Initially, it was found that 60 people had already been affected from all subgroups.
Police arrest fake statements to get bank loans and visas Turnover 20 million|4 accused Fake contracts and salary certificates to apply for bank loans and visas. More than 20 million were found to have been jailed by the court but were on bail at 10.30 a.m. on Dec. 9, 2022. Director general Maj. Gen. Atip Pongsivapai Chief Of Staff, Dr. Siriwat Is Good Enough Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Pichet Khamphiranont, 3rd Lt. Col., Lt. Col. Kamon Thaweesri Deputy Chief of Staff 3rd Army, Lt. Col. Thitiwat Samkeaw, 3rd Lt. Col. And Mr. Piño Komolkittipong, Team Manager, Investigation Team for Corruption against the Organization. Financial Crime Prevention Department Siam Commercial Bank jointly announces arrest Mr. Century Chaengchawi, 27 years old, Miss Wanvisa Brahmajorn, 30 years old, General Watt Srithong The 34-year-old and Ms. Rattanaporn Lawan, 32, are all accused under Criminal Court Warrant No. 2754-2757/2565 dated Dec. 6, 2022, charged with conspiracy to commit fraud or deception, jointly entering into a computer system with false computer information in a manner likely to cause damage to the public, and jointly falsifying rights documents. Mr. Century and Ms. Wanvisa at the residence in Moo 2 area. Surasak, Sriracha, Chonburi and arrested MR. POLAWAT AND MS. RATTANAPORN AT KANCHANABURI, SPONSORED POL. LT. GEN. JIRAPOP SAID THAT SINCE THE ARMY HAS BEEN NOTIFIED BY THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT. Siam Commercial Bank said a group of individuals had submitted a report to scb bank accounts. Fake loans with other financial institutions and apply for passports with embassies to work or study abroad. They hired fake accounts from www.monneyaporvedmany.com website and contacted each other through the @loansimple account name line application, so they investigated until they learned that the mob had opened two more fake document websites. Upon further investigation, it was discovered that the mob used horse accounts in all transactions. He said that the investigators later learned that the perpetrators were Mr. Century and Ms. Wanvisa, two husbands and wives, who owned the real website, using the horse accounts of General Watt and Ms. Rattanaporn in financial transactions. M2 Surasak Subdistrict, Sriracha District, Chonburi Province, met Mr. Century and Ms. Wanvisa with several items such as 2 computers, 2 iPads, and mobile phones. 2 iPhones, 16 bank books and cash cards and 1 motorcycle for cash withdrawal. The prosecution continued, adding that Mr. Century initially pleaded guilty to being the one who made fake banking statements through all LINE websites and applications. He had previously been hired to make fake bank statements with other accused persons and was found to have a high income by charging fake statements ranging from 6,000 baht to 50,000 baht per transaction, depending on the amount of money and bank statements. He was also arrested for similar offences. The Court of First Instance sentenced him to 5 years and 4 months in prison before applying for bail during the Court of Appeal. As a result, financial institutions that lend to people who hire fake statements have suffered damages of more than 20 million baht. In other words, for doing so. This affects the credibility of Thailand as well as other Thai citizens who wish to apply for visas from embassies of different countries due to the use of fake documents for applying for work or study abroad. Therefore, we would like to remind the public that it is illegal to file fake documents with financial institutions and agencies, both domestically and internationally. In addition to not receiving the loan or visa requested, they must also be prosecuted, affecting the credibility of transactions from financial institutions, damaging the overall economic picture, and affecting the image and credibility of Thailand. however The movement also includes two people who escaped arrest. The case is currently under investigation.
Nemesis Injured robber robs 182 baht of gold, praises shop owner for "great shot" (clip)|Inspector Tak inspects the scene of 4 gangsters robbing a Thong Yaowarat shop, being shot by the shop owner with shotguns and scattering. 1 seriously injured, 2 people who were shot and arrested used to rob a gold shop at A.Met Phra At the beginning of the year, they received more than 180 baht of gold, while the other two who escaped were Myanmar nationals who joined the robbery gang. The trainer smirked. The owner of the gold shop, Champ, fired a shotgun. Follow the principle of using firearms to protect life and property as learned from the incident. 4 criminals using firearms to rob Thong Yaowarat shop, 309/2-3 Pier Road, Muang District, Tak Province, opposite Tak Pittayakom School. The attacker was shot and seriously injured by a shop owner named Mr. Vichai Saewang, 31, just 15 minutes after the incident. P.W. Tak led the investigation team with full weapons. Follow-up arrests Mr. Te Sae Thao domiciled in A.Meet the Monk While running away and hiding in the forest about 500 meters away from the accident site, both of them had arrest warrants from the Mae Sot Provincial Court in the case of robbery of a Bangkok gold shop 4. On February 12, 2022, he was found with a gold medium weighing 182 baht and fled to a neighboring country. The officers followed closely. IT COORDINATES WITH BORDER SECURITY AGENCIES TO MONITOR SMUGGLING ACROSS THE BORDER TO NEIGHBORING COUNTRIES ALONG THE WESTERN BORDER OF TAK PROVINCE. December 9, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. Police inspected the scene. Gold Yaowarat shop area It was revealed that there are currently 2 culprits, Mr. Vichai who was shot and injured by the owner and Mr. Te, who was shot and injured by Lt. Col. Theerapat Thareethai, director of the Investigation Division. P.Chua Tak leads police force to investigate Tak Province He was arrested while on the run. Go and hide in the woods. In this respect, it is clear that the 2 villains are the culprits who committed the robbery of the gold shop in the area. On February 12, 2022, he received 182 baht of gold, while the other 2 gangsters who were fleeing knew that they were Myanmar nationals who had joined the robbery gang. In the case of whether the shop owner exceeded the cause, an investigation will be conducted. Mr. Pisit Rapitpan, 46, the owner of the gold shop, said that at the time of the incident, he saw that the assailant had a firearm and a silencer. The shot opened the way in. At that moment, Tong told his wife to run away, and he dodged the scene into cover, took the shotgun, fired 1 shot into the air and fired 2 shots in the waistband position to chase the robber. As the villain escaped, he turned his gun and pointed it towards himself. The moment then shot in the waist stamp position. I fired 1 shot at a low angle, including 4 shots, thinking that I was right in deciding to shoot, defend life and property, because I don't know what would happen if the villains could break in close at the same time. Lt. Col. Kitti Fruitful Officer, Civil Affairs Division, 310th Army Corps Shooting Range Officer 310 As a trainer, Mr. Pisit Rapitpan The owner of the gold shop, nicknamed K, had come to the 310th Military District field with his wife 8 years ago as a shooting enthusiast. Nowadays, when he has free time, he often goes to the field for shooting practice, where he personally has several guns. Each time I go, I'll always have an appointment with a trainer to help guide me through the use. Be kind, calm, easy to teach. The use of guns is pretty good." The owner of the gold shop followed the principle of using firearms to protect life and property as taught. The first shot hit the ceiling to threaten, but the danger was not restrained, so he fired 2 more shots in the waist position, and at that moment the villain turned to use a firearm towards the shop owner. Therefore, a 4th shot was fired at a low angle and hit the villain in the lower part of the torso, injuring the villain, which was a deterrent shot based on the tactic of using firearms to protect life and property." Trainer praises SPONSORED for Mr. Vichai Saewang The injured assailants were transported to Buddhachinraj Hospital. Since yesterday evening after the incident, it was known that the symptoms were safe. Doctors have stitched the aorta that was hit by a shotgun bullet and remains under close medical supervision.  
The court postponed the reading of the 6th Supreme Court "Tarit" against the accused for wrongful performance of their duties to February 2, 2023.|The court postponed the reading of the 6th Supreme Court "Tarit" with the accused for wrongful discharge of duties, charges of manslaughter, mark-uncle Suthep, disintegration of the mob. The UDD is February 2 next year. The petitioner was inserted into the case. Tarit claimed to have suffered from kidney stones for four months at 9 a.m. on December 9, 2022, at the Criminal Court, Ratchadapisek Road. The court scheduled a reading. Supreme Court Judgment No. 6 in Case of Misconduct A.310/2556 at Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva, former Prime Minister and Mr. Suthep Thaugsuban, former Deputy Prime Minister and former The Director of the Emergency Situation Resolution Center (DIRECTOR) jointly filed a lawsuit. Mr. Tarit Pendit Former Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), Lt. Col. Wannapong Kocharak, former head of the investigation team for the deaths of civilians and government officials. In the wake of the 2010 political violence, Lt. Col. Yuttana Pradam and Lt. Col. Piya Raksakul As an investigating officer, he is the 1st to 4th defendant in the offense of "being an officer performing his duties illegally or dishonestly, and being an investigating officer acting with the intent to bully others to receive criminal penalties under Sections 157 and 200 of the Criminal Code, paragraph two. All four defendants pleaded not guilty. The case is the Court of First Instance. The two plaintiffs appealed, and the Court of Appeal reversed the decision of the four defendants. The four defendants filed a petition claiming that there was new evidence in the case asking the Supreme Court to reconsider and have a new verdict. Mrs. Payao Aghad Mother of Ms. Kamalged Aghad A volunteer nurse who died at Wat Pathum Wanaram has filed a petition to become a third party. As the victim in the case, it was also reported that several relatives of the deceased had also filed a petition against the deceased, with only the 2nd and 4th defendants present at the hearing this morning. Walk away from the press, walk up to the courtroom. Dr. Huang Tojirakarn and Mrs. Tida Thavornset Mainstay The UDD came to support and monitor the situation, including Mr. Sawat Charoenphon. Plaintiff's Attorney At 12.15 p.m., the court read the report of the proceedings and scheduled a hearing on the judgment or order of the Supreme Court today. The lawyers of the 1st and 2nd defendants, the 1st defendant's lawyers, the public prosecutor as the 3rd-4th defendant's attorney, and as the proxies of the 1st and 2nd defendants, and the attorneys of the four defendants came to court. The 1st defendant did not come to the 1st defendant's lawyer to file a complaint that the 1st defendant suffered from kidney stones on both the left and right sides. Severe inflammatory pain, bleeding accompanied by urine He was admitted to Phyathai 2 Hospital with surgery on both sides of the stone. It took a total of 4 months to heal and the 1st defendant filed an application for reconsideration as Black Case No. 1/2022. The third party, however, is still in the process of filing an objection to the said petition. For all the necessary reasons, defendant No. 1 requested to postpone the reading of the Judgment of the Supreme Court for one appointment according to the request for postponement of the case dated December 7, 2022. Such a petition can be filed before the word is read. The Supreme Court has no fixed term. As many as 99 people have been killed in the case, and if the petition is filed, it may have to postpone several hearings of the Supreme Court because the case is pending in the Supreme Court. This caused the case to be delayed. If the Supreme Court were to read the judgment itself, it would be more convenient and faster. As for the illness of the 1st defendant, it is within the discretion of the Court to consider that there are still several petitions pending the filing of the objection. Therefore, this Court has not yet submitted the said petition to the Supreme Court for consideration. If the Supreme Court makes any order, it may affect its discretion in deciding the case. In case of necessity It is not possible to read the Supreme Court judgment today, however, in order to expedite the case, the Supreme Court judgment can be read as soon as possible. Therefore, it is appropriate for all parties to receive copies of the petitions in the idiom today. If any person wishes to object, the objection must be submitted to the court by January 5. As for the other petitions filed after today, all the petitions submitted to the Supreme Court without a copy to the other party shall first be submitted to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court shall examine the objections and order the said petition on the date of the next hearing of the Supreme Court judgment through the video conference system to postpone the hearing of the Supreme Court judgment. On February 2, at 09.00 a.m., send a notice of the date of appointment to the 1st defendant as a subpoena. If there is no legitimate recipient, the appointment shall be closed and the appointment date shall be given to the 1st defendant by means of closing the announcement on the information technology media and closing the announcement in front of the court in another way, the 2nd and 4th defendants and the bail officer of the four defendants shall sign the appointment for the officer to coordinate with the Supreme Court and provide a room with a meeting system. The monitor and the Supreme Court on the appointed day will be completed. Notification of postponement of reading to the Supreme Court THE JUDGMENT ENVELOPE AND ORDER SHALL BE KEPT PENDING THE READING OF THE SPONSORED AT A LATER DATE. Mr. Sawat Charoenphon The plaintiffs' lawyers said the Supreme Court's hearing was scheduled for today. Defendant No. 1 has filed another application for postponement of the hearing. Claiming to be ill and hospitalized. There was also the issue of relatives of the deceased from the group's protests. In 2010, the UDD filed several petitions, so the court set out a measure on who would file what applications by Jan. 5, 2023, after which they would be sent to the Supreme Court with an appointment to read the Supreme Court verdict on Feb. 2, 2023 at 9 a.m. Defendant No. 1 said that next time if there is such a problem again. The court will exercise its discretion and make an order, making it necessary to postpone the verdict today. Therefore, no order was issued when asked whether the plaintiff was concerned that the defendant, who had not come to court several times, might escape. Mr. Sawat said that we are not worried because it would be more between the defendant and the court.
Found escape route 2 gold robbers Use terrain mastery Crossed over to Burma. |The police took him into custody. A gang of robbers robs the gold, but finds the shopkeeper shooting the garden to make a plan. The two who fled were Myanmar nationals. The names "Dayi" and "Kinku" were recently reported to have used their expertise to escape across the border at 11.45 a.m. on Dec. 9. Police officers, both in and out of uniform, were deployed to the scene. Thong Yaowarat Department Store is located at 309/2-3 Pier Road, Muang District, Tak Province, opposite Tak Pittayakom School. Mr. Te Sae Thao domiciled in A.Meet the Monk Tak, who was arrested by the police immediately after the incident, together with 3 other men, robbed the gold shop, the incident occurred on the afternoon of December 8, 2018, came to make a plan at the scene of the incident. Mr. Te Sae Thao gave a very helpful look. The other 2 gangsters, riding motorcycles, escaped. Lt. Col. Teerapat Thareethai, Director, Investigation Division P.Chua Tak leads the police force to investigate Tak Province. Several clues, such as closed-circuit footage at various points, showed that he had fled across the Kittikhajorn Bridge towards Nong Bua Tai village. Enter the path in the village. Escape to Wang Chao district to continue to Meet Phra district. Officers are following closely. By coordinating border security agencies. Conduct surveillance of smugglers crossing into neighboring countries along the western border of Tak province. The name of the motorcycle rider is Mr. Dayi, the person who stacks the motorcycle is named Kingku SPONSORED, and Mr. Vichai Saewang, 31 years old, a resident of T. Met Phra. A monk in Tak province who was shot in self-defense by a shop owner was found injured. After the incident, he was sent to The King Taksin Hospital for treatment. In the middle of the night, he was transferred to Buddhachinraj Hospital. Phitsanulok Pol. Maj. Gen. Pokpop Bodeepitak Police chief Tak revealed that the culprits had fled. The police will coordinate with relevant agencies along with border security forces to help arrest the 2 criminals who are still fleeing for legal proceedings. Evade the tracking and interception of the authorities. After the incident, he rode away on Phaholyothin Road. Outbound tak town, cross kittikhajorn bridge and enter village road, Ban Thana. Nong Bua Tai Subdistrict, Mueang Tak District, along the road along the Ping River into the Wang Chao area. Take the terrain route from Wang Chao District. Cross the Thongchai Mountain range to the west side of Tak province. Mae Sot A.Meet the monks before using the previously rehearsed route masters. Escape through natural channels Crossing to neighboring countries because both accused are Myanmar nationals.
Sq.PCT World Cup 4 suspects arrested in Chonburi Found hundreds of millions in circulation.|PCT police break down online betting site G2G168C.com Karang in Chonburi city center, arresting 4 suspects More than 100 million baht in circulation British and Brazilian stabbing man found guilty of stabbing Saen Suk police on Dec. 10, 2022 Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj Deputy Director/Director of PCT Center Lt. Gen. Tricolor Skin Director of Operations and Maj. Gen. Tinkar Rangmat Deputy Chief of Staff for Information Maj. Gen. Suttipong Chaiyawong 2nd Lieutenant/4th Lieutenant, 3rd Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Tiwa Sophacharoen Deputy Chief of Staff 4, Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapong Rujiramrongchai, 3rd Lt. Col. until the 4th Lt. Col. S.P.O.S.T., conducted an investigation to find out that the network group had committed an offense against an online gambling website that was hiding in the area of Chonburi province before collecting evidence. Performance in the case of the arrest of a gambling website finance group G2G168C.SPONSORED1.Arrested 2 males, 2 females, 4 females, and 2.1 computers. Machine 2.2 Computer Monitor 4 devices, 2.3 mobile phones, 4 devices worth approximately 80,000 baht, 16,409 victims with a turnover of more than 100 million baht per month, allegedly committing the offense of "jointly arranging to play or making a trick, helping to advertise, or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in electronic media without the permission of the authorities." Saensuk Pol. Gen. Roy revealed that we have received information from groups interested in the World Cup. G2G168C.com hacked online betting site to predict World Cup results Subsequently, the discovery of such marketing points revealed the command data from the backyard web (the administrator of the gambling network) with more than 20 thousand customer accounts. According to the questioning of the accused, claiming that there is a group of foreign capital to invest in the operation, the authorities will continue to extend the results to the controller and the money laundering group of the said website. There have been a lot of bets between England and Brazil in the past.
Lt. Col. Oak revealed that he was shot in the head of local politics.|2 gunmen intercepted the bombardment. The Famous City Of Srithep Phrae Mr Oak said the incident was caused by local politics and the audit of municipal construction projects. Believe in the great-grandfather's grandfather to survive. Police are investigating the gunman in the case of 2 criminals. The attacker used an 11mm firearm to fire 7 shots, said Lt. Col. Oak, a member of Khok Saen Subdistrict Council. The Famous City Of Srithep Which has the dignity of a wife. Oud is a famous comedian while he uses a 9mm firearm to shoot until the villain sees the bad posture and rushes to escape into the cane forest. On December 11, 2022, reporters reported progress. Lt. Col. Oak, or Mr. Ranachai Wiangsilp, said yesterday that he went to a village meeting. After the meeting, I drove back as usual. On the way around the bend. There was 1 man standing in front of the car and 1 man on the right side. The person in front shot at him. He then turned and fired 3 shots at the person on the right side as a self-defense until the 2 villains ran away into the forest. WHEN THE VILLAGERS AND THE CHIEF ARRIVED AT THE SCENE, THEY CAME OUT OF THE CANE FOREST SPONSORED FOR THE SHOOTING TRAP. He thinks it comes from local politics, which he doesn't know who it is, which he previously investigated for municipal projects. Road Projects What projects are not up to standard? After the inspection, there was a correction, during the inspection, there was a meeting with the contractor. Accept that there is a concussion. As in the last case, there was a quarrel with the contractor. Projects worth around 300,000 baht He got 2 projects, most of them will get 2 projects each, because now 6 projects are issued, which the contractor should probably come from elsewhere. I personally believe that he survived like a miracle because of the majesty of his great-grandfather, who he always wore with him. Lt. Col. Nikhom Sornlek 10000000 Srithep Police Station A special task team was appointed to expedite the investigation of the case and called a meeting at Srithep Police Station at 10.00 a.m. When we got to the scene, it was a dirt road, on both sides of a sugarcane forest. The victim's car was found, 2 shots were fired by the assailants, but no one was hit. He was not injured by the investigation, details of the gunshot casings were collected, and other details were reported to the investigators. Try to gather evidence before the incident, after the incident, and other evidence, and call a team meeting to conclude. Further investigation approach TODAY THERE WILL BE MORE CLARITY SPONSORED LATER. Mr. Panchit Petal Chan, who is a close friend of Lt. Oak, led reporters down to the area and pointed out where Lt. Oak ran into the sugarcane forest. Far from people's homes.
P.S. mobilizes, searches 30 points, 8 Isaan provinces seize nearly 2,500 million drug network assets|Police mobilize to search 30 locations in 8 provinces in Northeast After expanding the results from the case of arresting a drug truck in Sikhio District. On June 14, nearly 2,500 million baht of narcotics network assets were seized at 10.00 a.m. at the Office of the P.O.S. Region 4, Khon Kaen Province. Deputy Superintendent of Police (KM) / Deputy Chief of Staff , Lieutenant General Prachuap Wongsuk Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Sarayut Sanguanpokhai 2nd Lieutenant Colonel and 2nd Lieutenant General Lead the police force. The NCPO launched a blockade operation to search 30 targets covering 8 northeastern provinces. Seizure of a large number of related assets, totaling more than 2,480,195,000 baht. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, sees drugs as a problem that all units are urgently working to solve in all dimensions to crack down on drugs. Strict enforcement of the law is another tool to break the cycle of drug networks. With the seizure of property as well as the prevention and suppression of community sources where there is a drug epidemic. COMMUNITIES BELIEVED TO BE A SOURCE OF DRUG ABUSE AND PRECARIOUS AREAS TO BE WIPED OUT, SAID THAT FOR THE LAUNCH OF 30 CARPET RAIDS IN EIGHT NORTHEASTERN PROVINCES. As a result of the arrest Mr. Wattana Srivilai 1,976,000 methamphetamine pills were found at the vehicle checkpoint. Lat Bua Khao Sikhio, Nakhon Ratchasima On June 14, 2022, the company continued to expand using big data after finding clues that the network had been transporting drugs from the Northeast to the South several times until it was able to issue arrest warrants for 3 suspects. Then, on Nov. 30, he said, The NCPO has arrested Ms. Raviwan Wanphak, 26, in front of Penchan Kindergarten. T. Wanraniwas And arrested Mr. Chakrapong Khamchana, 38, in front of Ploysuk dormitory. There is clear evidence of drug smuggling. With the opening of a general freight forwarding business between countries and countries. It also investigated a number of participants. The NCPO is therefore deploying such operations for seized property. Most of them are real estate such as land, trucks, and the total value of seized property is approximately 2,480,195,000 baht.
The Police Commissioner embraced the criticism of "Chuvit" Ting for his work in the "Jinling Pub" case.|The Director-General of the Police Department clarified that the 2,500 baht visa fee was not sent to the Immigration Department. Chinese gang gang Jinling The bounty exchange is not true, yan does not behave like such and embraces the criticism "Chuvit" pointed out as a mirror - must be listened to on December 28, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Office (Sq.) Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom The Director-General of the MINISTRY clarified that in the case of a news trend that appeared on social media about the issue of EVOA (visa on arrival) fee, which is a tourist visa that can stay in the Kingdom for 15 days, the amount of 500-2,000 goes into the pockets of any agency. This fee was originally sent to the Ministry of Finance. Electronic systems have been introduced to facilitate this. Therefore, measures must be taken to reduce congestion by using an electronic system for foreigners who wish to visit Thailand to submit an EVOA through the website of the company they represent. Do not want to waste time lining up to check visas at the airport, which has already made an MOU since 2019, with a processing fee of 500 baht to the agency. The 2,000-baht fee will be sent to the Ministry of Finance in the event of news that the TMC has released a Chinese prisoner in the Jinling pub case. Returning to the country by paying bounty to the Immigration Department is not true and the Immigration Department does not behave like that. After the investigation process is completed, it follows legal procedures. The Immigration Act is the legal right of an inmate to apply for repatriation as appropriate and necessary. If the TMC detains him without cause, he can be prosecuted, sponsored by 180 people, leaving 37 people still under suspension for further investigation. We need to go back and look at the requirements to see if it is beneficial for foreigners to commit crimes in Thailand. Mr. Chuvit is like a mirror that the immigration office must listen to.
"Somsak" New Year's anti-narcotics operation launched Everyone is asked to report the incident. |"Somsak" Kuang "Vichai"Check mochit integrated joint P.P.S.-Police-Transport-Bangkok New Year's Eve Operation Be warned not to accept items from strangers. During the festive season, everyone joins the whistleblower 1386 and conducts a drug test on the driver. Hopefully a new year, everyone returns home safely on Dec. 28, 2022 at the Bangkok Bus Terminal (Mo Chit). Mr. Somsak Thepsutin Minister of Justice Launched anti-narcotics operations During The New Year 2023 under the operation "Happy New Year, Safe Travel Without Drugs". Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samreang Suanthong Deputy Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Mr. Kitja Somsuk Director, Land Transportation Inspection Division Mr. Sanlak Panwattanalikit President of Transport Co., Ltd. Dr. Pavinee Rungtonkit, Deputy Director, Health Bureau, Bangkok Mr. Akom Suttiboon, Assistant Director, Jatujak District, Lt. Col. Sarayut Mangruang, Deputy Director, Bangsue Police Department Officials and the public attended the event, Mr. Somsak said, adding that today's event is another safe New Year's event. The Prime Minister is concerned about the people in the journey and urged all agencies to integrate prevention and facilitate the people continuously. The Ministry of Justice by the Office of the P.O.S. has collaborated with partner agencies to organize activities to promote public relations and raise awareness. In the prevention and solution of drug problems. By randomly testing urine in bus drivers and facilitating the public. Return home safely and integrate with local authorities to intercept drug smuggling. In Bangkok, during the intense New Year festival, due to several holidays, drug traffickers are being arrested. Taking advantage of the opportunity to transport drugs and prevent the spread of drugs during this period, which affects the safety of life and property of the people, Mr. Somsak said that on this occasion, people are asked to watch for baggage. Do not take items from strangers during the trip as they may be drugs. Don't be hired to open a bank account because you may be tricked into committing drug-related offenses and become an ear for surveillance. If you find a person with drug-related behavior, you can call the P.O.S. Hotline at 1386 and remember to protect yourself from the spread of COVID-19. Please be careful to follow the disease control and prevention measures prescribed for the safety of everyone and the people who travel." Thank you all for your cooperation in preventing drug abuse. During the festive season, we would like to thank the media brothers and sisters for helping to spread the word. To raise public awareness and help deter drug traffickers who take advantage of the opportunity to transport and import drugs during the New Year festival. I confirm that the Ministry of Justice and the P.O.S. We are serious about preventing and combating drugs for the future of our children." MR. SOMSAK SAID SPONSORED. Mr. Somsak walked to meet the public and conducted an awareness campaign inside the terminal. Visit Performance of duties of urine test officer, driver of public transport Driver's licenses and souvenirs will be given to vetted drivers. Drug whistleblowing campaign stickers were placed on public buses, with many people interested and asked to take photos.
12 people killed in Poipet fire, most of them Thai employees|Update Fire at Poipet "Grand Diamond" 12 people were killed, more than 50 injured and 8 missing, most of them Thai employees. Officials have controlled the fire but are still spraying water to prevent it from erupting from the fire at Grand Diamond City Hotel & Casino, a well-known casino in Poipet, about 200 meters away from Aranyaprathet, Sa Kaeo province, since 02.00 a.m. Rescuers and rescuers with water trucks and fire trucks from The fire spread at 09.00 a.m. on December 29, 2022, at the meeting room on the second floor of the Klong Deep Border Checkpoint. Aranyaprathet Sa Kaeo Mr. Prapan Chanthaisri Customs Officer, Aranyaprathet, Sa Kaeo Province As channel president, along with Lt. Col. Rung Thongmon, Superintendent of Police, Sa Kaeo Province, Lt. Col. Pattanachai Bhamrapiboon, Director of The Khlong Luek Police Department Sa Kaeo Province, Col. Anupong Munbanpun The 13th Scout Regiment Commander (Commander of the 13th Scout Regiment) called an urgent meeting of relevant departments comprising Aranyaprathet Customs, Sa Kaeo Immigration, Khlong Luek Police Station, Aranyaprathet District, 13th Scout Regiment Control Unit, Aranyaprathet Hospital, Thai-Cambodia Border Coordination Office, Sa Kaeo Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Bureau, and Aranyaprathet Municipality. Cambodian officials have received a report that the fire at the Grand Casino was a fire. Diamond There were 11 deaths, 53 injured and eight missing, most of whom were Thai employees. Authorities are still mobilizing to search and rescue the missing in the fire area, which has already begun to subside. There were 4 patients at Aranyaprathet Hospital, 3 at Wattana Nakhon Hospital, 2 at Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Hospital and 5 at Camp Surasinghanat Hospital. 1 Photo source: Public Relations Office, Sa Kaeo Province
It's actually a real cop. Drunk driving driver The payment ends at 30,000 baht.|It's actually a real cop. Police officers crashed into the middle of the community. The villagers wondered why they hadn't caught the alcohol, and the driver had fled. The victims were paid 30,000 baht and charged with two charges on December 30, 2022, the reporter reported. Here_Prachaksinlapakhom, Udon Thani province, a Facebook user posted a story stating, "Prachaksinlapakhom district, no one took a picture? Later, the reporter contacted the said Facebook user to inquire about what happened, knowing that the incident occurred at Nong Lum Phuk and Ban Chiang Krom, Na Muang Subdistrict, Prachaksinlapakhom District, between 16.00-17.00 on December 27, 2022. After a drunk driver hit a motorcycle until it was damaged and confirmed that the driver was heavily drunk and racing at speed, but many villagers who saw the incident saw the bad posture, fearing an accident, this crazy man hit another person, so he brought a 6-wheel truck to block and surround him, then brought him to Prachaksinlapakhom Police Station. He asked why the driver had not been blown up with alcohol because he seemed to be drunk, but the police said the driver had fled. I don't know where to go. Meanwhile, locals insisted that the driver come to the shelter. But why not blow it drunk, the police confirmed to the victims that the police guarantee to repair the car for the villagers to return to its original condition. The video was taken by the villagers as evidence of SPONSORED by the car that caused the crash into the motorcycle of Nong Lum Phuk villagers, namely a Chevrolet pickup truck with registration number 1467 Udon Thani. A police uniform was found hanging in the driver's side seat, and the villagers said it was a matter of dignity. If the officer is actually drunk, he must be prosecuted and does not want to keep quiet, with reports that the pickup driver arranged a meeting with the victim. The victim will pay 30,000 baht by making an appointment on Tuesday, January 3, 2023 at 10.00 a.m. at Prachaksinlapakhom Police Station. And the villagers deleted all recent social media posts on their Facebook page. Traffic Police Officer Prachaksinlapakhom Udon Thani has clarified the matter by posting a message stating that on December 27, 2022, it was notified by the radio center that there was a collision. According to the news on social media, Prachaksinlapakhom Police Station has taken the following actions: 1. Invited the parties to come to an agreement and have agreed to 2. In the prosecution, the driver was prosecuted, Lt. Col. Boontham Thongwiset, for drunk driving while driving and driving in a way that caused damage to the person who did not stop the car and provided reasonable assistance and did not show up and did not immediately report the incident to the nearby authorities.
The first 7 dangerous days of the new year 2023, the police took it seriously. 1,936 drunk driving arrests|Police officers are sent to take care of the people. Traffic Director Opening of special lanes New Year 2023 and enforcement of laws to reduce accidents Focus on drunk and fast cars. Start the first day, seven dangerous days. 1,936 drunk driving arrests at 10:00 a.m. on December 30, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman Disclose traffic facilitation care Preventing and reducing road accidents during The New Year 2023: "An overview of people's departures. This year, more on Dec. 29, according to statistics on the number of trips by the Department of Highways and Highway Police. It found that 649,871 vehicles departed from Bangkok, 31.2% more than the normal period and 3.8% more than the new year 2022 (last year). The opening of the motorway Pak Chong-Kham Talay Sor (M6) has a total of 48,921 vehicles. Kittipraphat, the police chief, has instructed the highway police and local police to take full care of the traffic. The Highway Police has opened special lanes throughout the day and night, opening in 3 main roads, including Phaholyothin Road, Tal.1. Ayutthaya-Saraburi Road, Mittraphap Road Tal.2 Thap Kwang-Pak Chong and Chong Tako Road T.L.348 During Ta Phraya-Nang Rong period, a total of 21 times in order to send people home safely, the highway police publicized live traffic conditions through the "Highway Police" page to inform the public about the other part of the information. Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center Information Summary of statistics on the first day of 7 dangerous days 29 December 2022 There were 349 accidents, 37 deaths and 351 injuries, with 41.55% of speeding, followed by drunk driving (23.50%). As of December 29, there were 64,223 arrests for drunk driving, including 1,936 arrests for drunk driving and 27,756 for speeding. The Police Commissioner has ordered the anti-suppression work to be supervised. TO PREVENT VIOLENCE IN SOCIALIZING AND FESTIVE GATHERINGS TO MAKE PEOPLE HAPPY WITH THE THAI NEW YEAR, SPONSORED SPOKESPERSON "Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha is concerned about the people during the New Year 2023 festival and the Royal Thai Police to integrate all sectors to facilitate traffic and prevent accidents in all dimensions. village Secondary roads The speeding section focuses on the main roads, where the car is traveling at high speed, but the public must be asked to cooperate in driving according to the traffic rules. Do not drive fast, do not drive while drunk, to work together to prevent accidents. If people want to inquire about traffic conditions. Bypass route For assistance, please contact 191,1599 or Highway Police 1193 24 hours a day.
Knots The Lottery Plus division revealed that after being ordered to conduct a financial examination, there was a manager behind the scenes.|Knots The Lottery Plus Division has asked government agencies to check the financial route. After showing a profit of more than 18 billion baht in 2022. Confirm tax payment and vat is correct. Sad had a politician's adviser behind the scenes at 2.30 p.m. on Dec. 30, 2022, at Online Lottery Co., Ltd., Soi Sukhumvit 63, Klongton Nua, Wattana, Bangkok. Lottery Plus Division The Company's Chief Executive Officer made a statement in the case of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister discussed with the executives of the Government Lottery Office and prepared to invite the P.O.C., Department of Special Investigation (DSI) and Revenue Department Check the taxes and financial routes of the Lottery Plus Division. After Mr. Panthawat announced the company's profit this year as high as 18 billion baht, Mr. Panthawat said that the issues that were noted in the company's work included the collection of lottery tickets of the Lottery Plus Division, which is sourced from the floating airport market. The company buys every 5th of the month but will get the lottery on the 6th day, where the cost of their purchase is 98 baht per issue. It's just that the panel itself is online. HOWEVER, HIS TRADING MAY BE CONSIDERED A BREACH OF THE TERMS OF THE CONTRACT FOR THE SALE OF BOOKS, BUT IT IS NOT ILLEGAL BECAUSE HE DID NOT BUY WITH THE OWNER OF THE QUOTA SPONSORED, THE CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF LOTTERY PLUS SAID THAT THE NEXT ISSUE IS THAT THE MONEY MANAGEMENT FOR LOTTERY TRADING PER INSTALLMENT WILL SPEND 1,200 MILLION BAHT TO BUY TICKETS, WITH THE FIRST DAY WILL RECEIVE 6 MILLION TICKETS, HITTING 600 MILLION BAHT. When you sell it, you use the money to circulate it. Initially opened in 2020, we bought 2,285 tickets before increasing to the point that they had to take their cars and houses for mortgages to put money into circulation in the company. It can be compared to convenience stores where people want to consign their products. The latest installment has a total of 13 million tickets, Mr. Panthawat said. This is because he asked for an increase in interest, but he did not, so he did not renew the contract, in which he holds 94% of the shares and the partner holds another 6%, confirming that he pays VAT on the net profit that the company has, including corporate income tax. Why is there less taxation, since the figure has just increased in the second half of the year, and although the profit is high, it is expected that after calculating, the net profit will fall to 400 million baht. However, the company also pays fines in case of late tax payments. He said only one company had filed for VAT payments including fines. Lottery sales are normally exempt from the decree. However, since the company pays for various services to customers, the prize money of Lottery Plus Division will be paid 0.5% tax to the Government Lottery Office before being brought to customers only. Therefore, they do not want to show annual tax returns. Insisted that no horse faces were hired to receive the prize because it could be considered illegal. It was also revealed that for the company's co-shareholders, there is Mr. Jatupat Boonsuwan. Mr. Chatchawong Thamrapa and his lawyer, who previously had the son of Maj. Gen. Chatchapandakan, who was then ranked He had previously held shares during the company's founding. After getting to know each other while attending business training, the family became uncomfortable due to the government's crackdown and asked to withdraw later. Confirm there are no backups in the background. NOWADAYS, ONLY DEPOSIT TO BUY THE LOTTERY". Prepare to review the company's financial path. He was prepared from day one. It's a great opportunity to speak out because I'm tired of repeating my questions. He believes that there is a politician's adviser behind the digging of his information, even though he once assisted this person." The Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lottery Plus Said.
The Court of Appeal denied Amahuai's daughter's bail. High damage value, fear of escape|The Court of Appeal ordered that Mrs. Mawdi not be granted bail. Daughter Ama Huey Forgery and theft after being sentenced to 20 years in prison for 123 million baht On December 29, 2022, the Phra Khanong Criminal Court sentenced him to imprisonment. Mrs. Mawadee Srivirat Amahuai's daughter was sentenced to 20 years in prison and returned 123 million baht to the plaintiff. The 4th defendant kasikorn bank employee was jailed for 2 years without parole for forgery of documents and theft from Kasikorn Bank Co., Ltd., Sukhumvit 101 branch and Srinakarin Road branch. 9 km of Na Hoi Srivirat suffered damages worth hundreds of millions of baht. Defendants 2, 3, 5, who were also bank employees, were later dismissed by the court. Mr. Krista Inthamara lawyer Mrs. Mawadi filed a petition with 2 million baht of securities requesting temporary release during the appeal, which the Court of First Instance agreed to send to the Court of Appeal for bail consideration. Corrections officers took Ms. Mawadi into custody at the Central Women's Correctional Institution until the Court of Appeal granted her temporary release order on December 30, 2022. The trial court sentenced the 1st defendant to 20 years imprisonment. Therefore, it is not permissible to grant interim release to the 1st defendant during the appeal.
The first day, 7 dangerous days, extinguished 37 bodies, 6 p.m.-1 p.m.|7 New Year's Eve 2023: 37 dead, 351 injured, found between 6:01 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center for New Year 2023 Summary of Road Accident Statistics for December 29, 2022: 349 accidents, 351 injuries, 37 deaths. Secondary lines and inter-provincial connections Mr. Chotinrin has intensified checkpoints to check vehicles and driver readiness, control risky behaviors, drive fast, drink and drive, and do not use safety equipment, and adjust measures and operational guidelines in accordance with the situation and context of the area. Born som Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior As chairman of the Ad Hoc Subcommittee on Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation throughout the year. According to the Center for Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation during the New Year 2023 by the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation and cooperation of network partners, the road accident statistics were compiled on December 29, 2022, the first day of the "New Normal, Safe Driving without Accidents" campaign, with 349 accidents, 351 injuries, 37 deaths. 51 Most accidents occurred on direct routes 83.09 Highway Department roads 43.27% Roads in AOT/villages 28.37% The highest accident periods were 18.01-19.00 9.46% The highest number of injuries and deaths were in the age range of 30-39 years 18.81% Set up 1,887 main checkpoints 55,910 operators called to inspect 370,561 vehicles 65,530 people were prosecuted for not having a driver's license 20,920 people Not wearing a helmet 18,250 People did not wear seat belts 6,315 Drivers were speeding beyond the legal limit 5,391 People are still on their way back to their homeland and traveling. The Road Safety Directorate coordinates with the province to ensure safety and facilitate people's travel. Especially the main roads. Secondary lines and inter-provincial routes with fast lanes open Close the U-turn point, promote the bypass route. Shortcuts to streamline traffic It also intensifies vehicle inspections and driver readiness. Focus on law enforcement against overspeeding drivers. Drink, don't drive. Do not use safety equipment and watch for long straight roads. To prevent road accidents from speeding, as well as to use mechanisms. Chiefs, community leaders, volunteers to set up community checkpoints to deter drivers who are at risk of road accidents so that the New Year's Eve journey can enjoy a new way of life away from road accidents. Director General, Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Secretary of Road Safety Administration Center The Center for Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation said. By Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation The company has integrated the provinces and network agencies to create road safety in an area approach, emphasizing on planning solutions that are consistent with the local conditions and accident situations, especially taking care of the risk points where accidents occur frequently. The focus is on law enforcement against drivers who engage in accident-prone behavior. We urge people to strictly comply with traffic laws. Be considerate to the participants of the route. People who have experienced or witnessed an accident can report the accident via the 24-hour hotline 1784 and the line "P.O.P. 1784" by adding a friend Line ID @1784DDPM to coordinate the immediate assistance.
The police chief ordered an urgent examination, the knot "Chuvit" unfolded, the picture of Lan Tu Hao standing in charge of Jin Ling-B.C.|Commanding Officer of the Police Department Quick fact check Case page "Chuvit" Open the picture, Lan Du Hao stands in the Jinling pub. Before the police force Police raided and found only Chinese people smuggling drugs and moved gambling tables out on December 30, 2022, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong said. Spokesperson for the Royal Thai Police Revealed the case of the page "Chuvit Kamolvisit" where a picture was posted that looked like a gambling house. The message reads, "Pictures inside Jinling 15 Sep 2022 before the table was removed". Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, gave the order. The NCPO investigates and reports such facts to be clear and proves whether any criminal act has been committed or not as soon as possible, and directs that if any officer or person is found to have committed an illegal act, or provides assistance, support, or the nature of the act in order to help others not to be punished or to be punished less, causing damage, destruction, concealment, taking away, or making it lost or useless. If it is found to be unfounded, report it. To determine defects in officers and supervisors. In case of neglect in the prevention and suppression of bias according to Order No. 234/2558.
Come and take responsibility for finding a pickup truck, crashing into a ghost before fleeing, killing 1, seriously 1.|Udon Thani Police Department Looking for The driver of the pickup truck caused a hit-and-run. The accused was a Yamaha R15, killed 1, injured 1, a good citizen took a photo at 00.10 a.m. on December 31, 2022, Lt. Col. Nattawat Ladawan, Deputy Senator (Investigation). Udon Thani Police Department received a report of a pickup truck hitting a motorcycle. In front of Jaewhonmit Phakdee store, opposite PTT gas station, around the city, Udon Thani One person was injured and killed, so he was accompanied by doctors from Udon Thani Hospital and volunteers from Udon Promoting Tham Foundation to investigate the scene. The body of Mr. Rajan Chamnongsart, 22 years old, was found at 83 Moo 4, Moo Mon Subdistrict, Muang District, Udon Thani Province, lying dead in the middle of the road. About 20 meters away, a blue and white Yamaha R15 motorcycle was found to have been smashed and damaged. Falling in the far right lane. Serious injuries were also found. Officers rushed him to Udon Thani Hospital. It was later learned that Mr. Tonong Nantani, 22 years old, lived at house no. 32, Moo Mon Subdistrict, Muang District, Udon Thani Province, 100 meters away. Revo, bronze, registration number 6 กฮ 3070Bangkok, lost the main, fell into the canal in front of Chaew Hoon Mit Phakdee store. The water is about 50 cm deep. There was a flat of liquor inside, and the driver fled to Lt. Col. Nattawat. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Muang Udon Thani Police Station Police said two men were photographed with long hair sitting in the back of a pickup truck that fell into the canal, muddy and bald men sitting on the roof. The police then went inside the gas station but did not find the 2 men. To investigate and follow up with the driver in the picture to investigate and to continue the legal proceedings.
Day 2 of 7 dangerous days: 1,433 drunk driving probation cases.|On day 2 of the 7 dangerous days of the New Year 2023, there were 1,433 drunk driving probation cases, up 95.9% from last year. Meanwhile, the Bang Pakong police took it seriously. He was arrested at 9:30 a.m. on December 31, 2022. The Director-General of the Department of Probation said the statistics of cases entering the probation process on the second day of strict control (December 30, 2022) totaled 1,507 cases. There were 1,433 cases of drunk driving, 2 cases of reckless driving, and 72 cases of drug driving. When comparing the statistics of cases entering probation on the second day of New Year 2022 and 2023, there were 575 cases of drunk driving in 2022 and 1,433 cases in 2023, an increase of 858 cases, or 95.9%. Must pass a screening based on the alcohol behavior assessment. If found to be at high risk from alcohol addiction, treatment will be sent to a medical facility under the Ministry of Public Health, and if found to be highly likely to repeat offenders, it will be sent to intensive rehabilitation in the form of behavior modification camps. Probation offices nationwide are still required to comply with probation conditions, such as reporting to probation officers and working in social services to raise awareness of the effects of drunk driving. There are 133 checkpoints and checkpoints with staff, probation volunteers, network partners, and community justice networks. Citizens and detainees A total of 2,658 people attended the event sponsored on New Year's Eve. Mr. Veerakit Hanpripan The Director-General of the Probation Department expressed his concern to the public, especially those with alcoholic beverages. Do not drive while drunk, drive with caution and wear a helmet to prevent loss to yourself and your family, the reporter said. Deputy Superintendent of Police, Bangpakong, Chachoengsao Province A total of 13 traffic police officers were deployed to set up checkpoints to intercept drunk driving. Alcohol Measurement In front of Bang Wua Subdistrict, Charanyanon Road. Moo 14, Bang Wua Subdistrict, Bang Pakong District, as this route is a secondary route with a large number of people returning home. To prevent drunk driving accidents, if the alcohol exceeds 50 milligrams per cent, he must be arrested and prosecuted for the second day. In 2 hours, 4 drunk drivers with alcohol levels exceeding 50 milligrams per cent, including 2 motorists and 2 motorcycle drivers, were arrested during the day. The police will tighten up drunk driving to reduce accidents during the 7-day dangerous period because they do not want to cause losses in the New Year. By an uncle who went to have a drink with a friend. I said, "I don't see a checkpoint on the way. I probably didn't set it today, so I didn't think about it, but when I got back, I saw a good idea to fight the tiger. Finally, he was called and blew the final alcohol measurement of 137 milligrams per cent, and was immediately arrested, saying that if he knew that the police had set up a checkpoint today, he would not have left the room. Today is considered a bad day.
Chuvit unfolds over the year A girl carrying a bag of 600,000 baht to the Nava Garage redeemed her Porsche in the middle.|"Chuvit" 1 daily Post unfolding images Chinese girl carries a bag of 600,000 baht to "Deputy Dog", a close subordinate, p.1 to "hand over the pig to the cat". Request for redemption of Porsche in the "Jinling" case 2 months ago p.1 Just woke up sneaking up to report the charges. M.149 and M.157 hijacked the Prime Minister, do not "put your ears to the field, take your eyes to the farm", told p.1. There is still a lot to unfold unless he moves out of the area at 09.00 on December 31, 2022. A personal Facebook post titled "Chuvit Kamolvisit" was posted at 11.30 pm on December 30. Since the "Jinling" incident, October 26, to today, December 30, for more than 2 months, the Director-General has neglected to charge "Deputy Dog" Lt. Col. Nattapol Gomintharachat, who released the central car in the case. The date in the photo shows October 28, just two days after Jinling's incident and a pseudo-power of attorney. Also listed on October 28. There is a dog deputy signature "Allow the car to be returned", with the police subordinate of the dog down to pick up the woman carrying the money bag, take it to the dog's office, and the Chinese woman of the Chinese Tao network still took a picture of the dog's desk and the money bag as evidence to send the picture back to the owner of the Porsche of China-Cambodia nationality that the money has been brought to the dog's deputy. After 2 months, the director of "Big Zhao" did nothing because the deputy dog was a close subordinate of himself who was sent to the acting position of "Director Yannawa" at the scene of the incident. This is called "handing over the pig, handing over the cat". THE PM IS REALLY GOOD AT THIS PARTY, DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE TO SHARE THE PERCENTAGE WITH ANYONE ABOVE AGAIN?SPONSORED THE INVESTIGATIVE KIT REPORTS TO He has been gone since 2 months ago. The director remained silent, pretending not to point out, but when yesterday I knocked on my gland. Mr. P.P.S. In front of the media, it appears that today is a long weekend, and you are in a hurry to report the charges. M.149 and M.157 with the deputy dog after not doing anything for more than 2 months so that it would not be news. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha, or Seth Ke, your closest confidant, must have already reported, "The Chief of Staff... This person can't do it anymore." Don't expect the votes of Bangkokians to fall into the abyss because you "put your ears to the field, take your eyes to the farm". The police chief has been arrested for questioning the "Jinling" image that I posted yesterday to satisfy the "no undermining in Bangkok" policy announced by myself. If the Police Chief were to be honest, the police would have disappeared half of Bangkok, and he still had a lot to unfold over the New Year, unless he moved this director out of the area and continued to control the metropolis. The people of Bangkok cannot give up hope. There is a story for me to unfold every day until both the director and the director of the hot chair do not sit down, and then someone must get up to sit in the rocking chair at home instead, there is another report that before 7 pm on December 30. Mr. Chuvit posted a personal Facebook post with a message and clip saying that the Chinese mafia "Du Hao", the cruelty of the Chinese gray Chinese "Tu Hao", as in the Chinese mafia movie, China rehearsed China, the place "Jinling" at the same place (see comparison sofa). I stole money and was forced to kneel and said, "Do you know who Gu is?" As I said, "Jinling" was originally a "gambling house." It has been open since 2019 before COVID. There are many networks under the "Hao Cabinet", the new director thinks to show off his work in response to the dream sales policy of the Police Chief who declared that "Bangkok must not have a pit" October 26, when the director of the police led the force to raid, thinking that "this work is pig" because he did not prepare a team to catch drugs, but instead prepared a team to catch the underworld, and did not call a reporter to follow him. The subordinates in the team rushed to release the clip to the reporter, so they did not have to clear it, and then did something completely wrong, since releasing the Chinese people, not collecting the car keys, not checking the interior of the car. Don't keep your phone, check how it came about? More than that, let go of the key accused. Letting go of 4 cars of the middle until today, still mangum magahara because they do not know how to work, brush the swa out of the body, throw it to the P.P.S. that there is a regulation not to enter the area, but found it. The P.O.S. secretary hammered back that there was no regulation. The police can check in at any time. The police searched for someone who opened the car for 2 months, but the "Big Joke" police went to open the car and found drug stains and a lot of drug paraphernalia. Set up a press conference, go get a deputy. The deputy commissioner, who was not involved in the case, also sat with both the deputy kummob and the deputy traffic controller. The second one was puzzled, "Why are you here?" vignettes, extremely directionless, completely confused, stumbled upon everything, the worst of which was to push to meet me, until today I still can't find an answer. In the handling of the case, the cabinet is closed. In spite of that, I gradually released evidence to show society the circumstances, including the delays. It's not a big case that requires a professional team, not a "one-man show", I don't really talk, but I have more evidence. The next series of police, remove the CCTV server, you will see where the cabinet is again. After revealing "Jin Ling", Lam went to Hao Cabinet There are two things that can get rich so fast: undermining and drugs. What tour do a few years have tens of billions? Only 5,000 million have been seized, many of which have not yet been found. After the New Year, there is still a press conference program. I agreed to leave because of the delay of the police. Regulars IF IT HAD BEEN DONE WITH ME FROM THE BEGINNING, IT WOULDN'T HAVE BROKEN LIKE THIS.
Songkan Roe's lawyer accuses the "Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior" of racist remarks against private universities|Songkan Roe's lawyer filed a complaint against "Suttipong Chulacharoen". The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior violated the Comp Act for insulting subordinates, shouting "What's the end?" pointing out distortions and devaluing famous private universities at 13.00 on December 31, 2022 at Patong Police Station, Kathu District, Phuket Province. Mr. Songkan Intelligentsub Member of the Country Reform Committee on Justice as an alumnus of the Faculty of Law and President of the Alumni Association of Siam University The complaint accused the investigating officer of criminal prosecution against the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior. For an offence under the Computer Crime Act B.E. 2560, Section 14 (1) by fraud or deception. Introduced into the computer system with disinformation or fake information. Whether in whole or in part, or false information, which is likely to cause damage to the public and other related offenses, by using a muzzle to cover the dog's mouth to prevent bites as a symbol. Mr. Songkan said that on December 27, 2022, Mr. Suttipong Chulacharoen The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior spoke at a videoconference with the top executives of the Ministry of Interior. And then say to subordinates. As shown by the clip that was widely circulated on social media, and there was a time when he said the Permanent Secretary of the Interior: What is the end of the civil service: Political Science, Chulalongkorn University, the Permanent Secretary of the Interior: Oh, why is that stupid? WHAT VERSION OF CIVIL SERVANTS : POLITICAL SCIENCE INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS MINISTRY PERMANENT SECRETARY : STUPID AS A BUFFALO I XXX WHAT YEAR DO YOU ENTER CIVIL SERVANTS : MASTER'S DEGREE IN INTERIOR MINISTRY : OH GOO GUVA AND WHERE DO YOU GRADUATE CIVIL SERVANTS : SIAM UNIVERSITY PERMANENT SECRETARY : OH GUVA AND SPONSORED, SO DO SUCH ACTIONS? I see it as a statement that diminishes the value of Siam University. This is a distortion that is likely to cause self-damage. Make the general public understand who graduated from Siam University. It has no value or quality, causing a lack of confidence or acceptance from individuals or juristic persons or public or private organizations. This caused damage to private individuals and Siam University. The incident occurred in Bangkok and Patong subdistrict, Kathu district, Phuket province and all subdistricts. All Districts All provinces throughout the Kingdom have therefore filed a complaint at Patong Police Station for the first time.
7 dangerous new year days, 2 days, 85 dead, 714 injured, main cause of speeding|7 New Year's Day 2023 Day 2: 366 accidents, 363 injuries, 48 deaths, 2 days, 714 injuries, 85 deaths, while 31 provinces recorded zero deaths on December 31, 2022 at the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation. Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center during New Year 2023 Summary of road accident statistics for December 30, 2022: 366 accidents, 363 injuries, 48 deaths Summary of road accidents accumulated during the 2 days of the campaign (December 29-30, 2022) There were 715 accidents, 714 injuries and 85 deaths. It has coordinated the province to intensify the establishment of checkpoints in highways. Secondary routes, roads, provincial and village roads, drinking and driving, speeding, not wearing helmets and unsafe locomotives, as well as taking care of safety at the New Year's festival venue. To create safety, give as a New Year's gift to the people, Mr. Chotinrin Born som Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior As chairman of the Ad Hoc Subcommittee on Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation throughout the year. According to the Center for Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation during the New Year 2023 by the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation and cooperation of network agencies, the road accident statistics were compiled on December 30, 2022, the second day of the "New Normal Life, Safe Driving without Accidents" campaign, with 366 accidents, 363 injuries, 48 deaths. 83.88% of roads and highways 42.35% of roads in AOT/villages 34.5% The 15 highest accidents occurred between 4:01 p.m. and 5:00 p.m., 8.20 percent, the highest number of injuries and fatalities were in the age range of 20-39 years, 17.76 percent were set up at 1,881 main checkpoints, 55,926 operators called to inspect 404,179 vehicles, 67,381 people were prosecuted, 19,831 were found guilty of not wearing a driver's license, 19,054 were for not wearing helmets, 7,544 were for speeding, 4,303 were for drink-driving, and 4,303 were for drink-driving. The province with the highest cumulative casualties was Sakon Nakhon (29), and Pathum Thani (6). Today (Dec. 31, 2022), the majority of the population is still traveling within the area, so the province has emphasized that highways and secondary routes are being maintained. With tight control of the routes around the tourist attractions. Religious places, entertainment venues and New Year's festival venues in accordance with the times at risk of accidents. Strict alcohol sales, especially among children and young people under the age of 20, along with alcohol level monitoring in the event of an accident involving injuries and deaths. As well as publicizing measures to reduce road accidents and penalties according to the law. In addition, the company monitors fires from fireworks and firecrackers, as well as supervises water traffic and event venues along the waterfront to create safety and give new year gifts to the people. Director-General, Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation As Secretary of the Road Safety Directorate "Today is New Year's Eve. Many areas host events and parties. The Road Safety Directorate has directed the province to intensify the establishment of community checkpoints on secondary routes. In order to prevent risky behavior in road accidents, especially drinking and driving, speeding, and encouraging motorcycle users to wear helmets and not drive with agitation, as well as checking the safety of motorcycles and pickup trucks carrying passengers in a dangerous manner to create safe traffic for the public, finally, for people who have experienced or witnessed an accident, they can report the incident via the hotline 1784 24 hours a day and the line "P.O.P. 1784" by adding a friend Line ID @1784DDPM to coordinate for further urgent assistance.
Chuvit posted a picture of Hao and his nephew checking the money at the chip exchange counter.|"Chuvit" unfolded again, posting a picture of Hao and his nephew walking around inspecting the pit. There was a pile of money at the chip exchange counter a week before Jinling's incident, telling him to ask to watch Bangkok after the New Year unfolds until the election. At 1:00 p.m. on Dec. 31, 2022, it was reported that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, was arrested. Personal Facebook post titled "Chuvit Kamolvisit" text and photo No underworld in Bangkok? A fourth inside the interior under Mr. Du Hao's "China Tao" network. There is a pile of Thai money full of chip exchange counters. On October 19, just a week before Jinling's incident, Mr. Du Hao and his nephew were arrested. He was walking in and out of the money exchange room under the responsibility of the previous director, who made a raid on "Jin Ling" to show off his first work in the position, but he found a "plan stacked plan". I didn't come across the pit, but I found much harder, which is the "drug" of the Chinese Tao network that has been doing it for a long time. My closest subordinates were hungry for money. Call for chinese money to exchange for a luxury car in the middle. SPONSORED has been unfolding about "China Tao" since July until the night of the firecracker on October 26 at Jinling, celebrating New Year's Eve. Welcome to the New Year. Be a good citizen in Bangkok. The capital is for the brothers to visit. After the New Year, I will have to face another election and will be able to win votes in Bangkok to see who did what until I find a new "Metropolitan Police Commander" who works to protect Bangkok.
The groom's friend shot his best friend. Dodd surrendered. Palian was shot and wounded.|"Iad Black Boy", Dodd surrendered and was alone. After the shotgun attack, he shot his best friend "Kolao Nong 7 Baht". Quarrels within the wedding After suffering unbearable injuries to go to the hospital for treatment in the middle of the night at 21.00 a.m. last night, the reporter reported that Mr. Charoen Yongstar, nicknamed Luk-eed Phodam, was arrested. 42 years old, living in a house in 5th grade Ban Na District Palian District, Trang Province, has surrendered to Lt. Col. Witawat Phaiboon, Deputy Senator (Investigation). Palian Police Station After being arrested under The Trang Provincial Court No. 465/2565, he used a long shotgun to shoot Mr. Sarawut Khok Khao or Kolao Nong Chet Baht, 34 years old, a villager in Moo 5, Laem Som. Palian, Trang province, who was a close friend, died on the rocky road Khok Kwai-Ban Hua Khuan. Area Baan Hin Khok Kwai Moo 12 T.Banna Palian District, Trang Province After the couple got into trouble from the wedding of Mr. Koonsap Phaiboon or Zhao Lan, 48 years old, held at 9/9 Moo 12, Hin Khok Kwai House. Mr. Charoen was accompanied by a four-door bronze pickup truck (registration unknown) with the driver before Mr. Charoen walked out of the car alone, wearing a black long-sleeved shirt, 3-piece pants and black pants, and red sandals. Alone. Before the investigators and investigators had been investigating for more than 2 hours during the interrogation, Mr. Charoen had a visibly tense and depressed expression on his face. He did not speak to reporters. Initially, he testified, before the officers were informed of 3 charges, namely, intentional and deliberate killing of others. Possess firearms and ammunition without a permit, and carry firearms and ammunition in the city. It was later discovered that Mr Charoen was injured by a 9mm bullet fired by relatives and friends of the deceased while fleeing after the incident. The bullet pierced the right buttocks and above the left wrist with a broken bone, with Mr. Charoen using a red cloth to cover the wound. Before the staff will take him to Palian Hospital for treatment of his injuries and transfer him to Trang Hospital. Police are closely monitoring the investigation. Mr. Charoen revealed that after the accident, he fled but was injured and the tire broke, so he drove about 10 km before leaving it on a paved road surrounded by rubber plantations in the area. Moo 9 Ban Nong Samet Ban Na District Palian, who was seriously injured, ran to the house of a close friend and made initial wounds, but after being shot for 24 hours, he could not bear the pain and did not dare to go to the hospital. 
Security Inspector New Year's Countdown 2023 at CentralWorld|Director of Readiness Check Countdown at Central World assures police to ensure safety and control venues nationwide Increase intensity in all dimensions Happy New Year gifts for people and tourists at 15.00 on 31 December 2022 at Central World Plaza. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police; Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Assistant Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The Director-General visited the security measures for the New Year's Eve event. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said, "From conducting a countdown security check at Central World, all parties are ready, there are rehearsals of action plans, the overall picture is quite satisfied, it is the largest event in 3 years, which is expected to attract tens of thousands of people. Control security overview There are CCTV cameras, action plans, cases, number of people. Reduce congestion, convenient and safe entry and exit areas, safety patrols before, during and after the event, arrange EOD staff for K9 dogs to support the operation. Supervise and take responsibility to ensure safety. More than 100 venues were held nationwide, but 44 large-scale events had to be intensified by the authorities, such as the Bangkok area, Central World Plaza, Asiatique. In other provinces, large-scale events will be held in tourist provinces such as Pattaya, Chonburi, Chiang Mai, Nakhon Ratchasima, Buriram, Khon Kaen, Phuket, Hat Yai, etc. Be ready to take care of the safety of people in all dimensions. To give as a gift to the people to have a happy new year. According to government policy Thank you to all police officers who have participated in the operation in the past. Determination, dedication, sacrifice to take care of both traffic. Public Safety May all police officers be happy. It is safe to perform duties in the new year. 2566.
Police chief monitors new year 2023 measures to reduce accidents Crime, countdown control |The Police Chief cares about the people. Follow safety measures New Year's Eve, reiterate to reduce drunk driving accidents, speed catch. Reduce road losses, tighten control over countdown areas. Meanwhile, a total of 6,355 houses were deposited with the police on Dec. 31, 2022, said Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief. Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj and Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Police, and related units attended the meeting of the Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center during The New Year 2023 and preventive measures. Stay tuned for festival availability In the New Year, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said, "1. Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center Information for New Year 2023 Traffic is also not heavy. It is expected that in the evening and evening, people will come out to shop. use Travel and attend new year's festivals massively. It has already prepared for local practices for accident statistics. From December 29-30, 2022, 2 days, compared to New Year 2022 and the three-year historical average, occurred 715 times, a decrease of 10-20% of deaths. 85 cases, 7-24% decrease, 714 injuries, 9-22% decrease in large-scale accidents, multiple deaths or injuries occurred in Pathum Thani province (4 deaths, 1 injury), Ubon Ratchathani (2 deaths), Roi Et (2 deaths), Suphan Buri (8 injuries), Chumphon (6 injuries), Yala (4 injuries), causes of accidents, driving faster than the law 38 percent, drinking and driving 24 percent, cutting off the front of the car. 20SPONSORED Most accidents occur on highways, followed by village/local roads. The highest number of accidents are motorcycles, pickup trucks, passenger cars, and the time of high accidents will be between 17.00-20.00. 10 main traffic law enforcement charges 1.No driver's license (40,751) 2.No helmet (37,304) 3.No seat belt (13,169)Traffic overview and accident reduction are good. It is lower than the target value. The maximum number of vehicles on December 29, 2022, December 30-31, 2022, traffic is streamlined, and it is expected to return on January 1-2, 2023, with approximately three million vehicles departing from Bangkok.2. Crime prevention during New Year 2.1 Dec. 20-29, 2022 General crimes, gambling, drugs 39,986 firearms, immigration, facilities and persons under arrest warrants, 41,005 suspects, online crimes (online scams, etc.). Fake news, sexual harassment 3,368 cases, 3,327 suspects 2.2 Pracharat Project to take care of the safety of people's homes during major festivals (House deposit 4.0) on December 26-30, 2022, 6,355 houses returned, 34 houses remaining, 6,321 houses left, with the highest deposit area in Provincial Police Area 2, Region 4 and Region 3 respectively. New Year's Eve venue security measures have been put in place on land, water, and incident management in the area. Emergency and Medical Response Applying lessons learned from situations such as South Korea, fires, entertainment venues, etc., to adjust the plan and management of the incident, as well as deploying police personnel, tools and vehicles according to the measures. 000-100,000 people) ICONSIAM (1,500-3,000 people) Asiatique (1,500-7,000 people) and Wat Yannawa - Samut Prakan Mega Bangna Central Westgate Bangyai (500 people) - Sansuk Pattaya (10,000-20,000 people) - Korat The Mall Central Buriram Chang Arena - Phitsanulok Chiang Mai and in various provinces, the Director General said, "Today is to monitor the situation, listen to plans or measures, summarize the results, as well as jointly discuss and solve various problems for maximum efficiency. Traffic discipline, drinking alcohol, speeding, seeking cooperation from all sectors, police officers, increasing the intensity of patrols, permanent/stable checkpoints, extraction points, venues must not be crowded, manage the area for suspension routes. Service routes or emergencies, show the strength of service facilities, play fireworks and fireworks. Gunfire in the sky and prevention of mischief in large numbers of people or landmarks. Thank you to the people, all sectors and all police officers who have performed their duties with strength and dedication. Motivation IN OUR DUTY TO TAKE CARE OF THE PEOPLE DURING THIS NEW YEAR'S FESTIVITIES".SPONSORED
Lamlukkadu Countdown The shop's card was extinguished, and the police had already ordered it closed. |A young drinker has an affair in front of a tavern in Lam Luk Ka, Pathum Thani, the store card is prohibited, so he took a gun in the car, shot dead 1, injured 1, the director of this store has already closed, but secretly opened the countdown night. Capt. Chakrapong Nuchpat Roiwer investigated. Lamlukka police received a report of an altercation in the parking lot. Toy Market, Hathairat Road Bueng KhamPhroi At 5:45 a.m. on Jan. 1, 2023, two people were found lying in front of the AFTER store, known as Mr. Sirikorn Chuensomsong, 35, and Mr. Noppapol Mindo, 39, who were the guards of the store, who were shot and injured and taken to Sai Mai Hospital. later on Mr. Sirikorn Chuensomsong Can't stand the poison, the wounds, the death. Reporters investigating the scene revealed that Toy Market had opened several liquor stores. Eyewitnesses said the shop was open across from the scene and saw two groups of more than 10 teenagers fighting. The assailant, who was armed with a firearm, walked to a gray sedan with registration number 1996 Songkhla and took a gun and fired 4 shots at the shop card, 1 person was injured and 1 person was shot in the mouth and 1 person in the waist. Asawawiboon, director of Lamlukka Police Station, informed that the shop was closed, but the shop owner secretly opened it in order to hold a countdown to celebrate the New Year. Suvalak, 30 years old, living at 999 Ratchadamnoen Road. Bo Yang District Muang, Songkhla Charges of murder and attempted murder Possession of firearms and ammunition Without permission Carrying firearms in cities, villages or public places without permission and without reasonable causeSPONSORED News reports that police recently found a Honda passenger car.  Registration no. 1996 Songkhla drove away from the scene and the culprit is now driving away to the Northeast area.
A young man steals a military bus and drives to 2 airports. I'm waiting to receive the ambassador.|Kalasin man arrested at Suvarnabhumi Airport after stealing a military bus parked in a no-entry area He waited for diplomatic staff at 08.00 on 1 January 2023. 3rd Lt. Col. Kritpon Petchsadsilp, Director of Romklao Police Station, by Lt. Col. Charoen Teachchanket, Deputy Director of Romklao Police Station, Lt. Col. Akarapol Thirapongsanurak, Senator Lieutenant Colonel Boonnarong Similarsong, Deputy Senator and Investigation Department Romklao police jointly arrested Mr. Sarayut or M. Thepsila, 35 years old, Kalasin resident, with the middle of the air-conditioned bus HINO brand light green with dark green belt. Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters Thai Army Seal Registration No. 1670 arrested at Gate 10, Suvarnabhumi Airport at 11:00 p.m. on Dec. 31, 2022 at 21:15 a.m., military officers of the Royal Thai Military Service Department informed the investigators at Romklao Police Station that a 42-seater air-conditioned bus brand HINO in light green with dark green registration number 1670 parked in the parking lot of the Military Flats Building, Soi Romklao 40, Khlong Sam Prawet Subdistrict, Lat Krabang District, Bangkok on December 29 disappeared after receiving a report from the investigating officers investigating the scene and checking cctv cameras near the scene and nearby. The vehicle was found missing around 12.00 p.m. on December 31, 2022 until 21.00 a.m. Mr. Sarayuth, the driver, said the spot was where the bus was prohibited from entering the investigation. Mr. Sarayut or M. He admitted that he stole the car from the parking lot before passing by the car, saw the keys placed behind the driver's seat, then opened the door and drove out to Don Mueang Airport before circling back to Suvarnabhumi Airport at gate 10 on the departure side. When questioned, he whirled around. The police then took him into custody. Mr. Sarayuth was ready to report the charge of burglary or receiving stolen goods (government property) background check Mr. Sarayuth found that he had been arrested for drug-related offenses 6 times before being sent to the investigation officer of Romklao Police Station for further legal proceedings.
The children were almost shocked, went fishing and found a floating body and called the police to investigate.|Children are shocked after they invited each other to fish under a railway bridge in Saraburi. Before the body of a floating man was found. So he ran to tell his parents to report it to the police. Before inspecting the body, it was found that there were stab wounds with spikes and a lot of cash, not locals, so they rushed to check the CCTV cameras and gave the investigators information to find out the cause on January 1, 2023. Investigators at saraburi city police station received a report of the body of a drowning person who died at the Khlong Phreao bridge. Under the railway bridge Therefore, they rushed to the scene to investigate, accompanied by saraburi rescue officers, doctors and nurses of Saraburi Hospital where the accident occurred on the bridge. Many villagers were seen standing and watching downwards inside the streamlined canal. Rescuers prepared to bring the body of the deceased to the top for the doctor to perform a preliminary autopsy, but moving the body was quite difficult. To tide out of the water from the preliminary examination. Locals say the children in the area invite each other to go fishing, and the children take a day to the fishing area. When they walked down to the riverbank, they glanced at the bodies lying in the water, they were frightened and ran away without thinking about their lives, and rushed to tell their parents that they had found the bodies of dead people in the water. His next name is Mr. Sayan Wongram. 48 years old, address according to id card 103 Moo 5 Huayrat Huayrat, Buriram The corpse's head and torso were lying on the banks, flooding to the level of the ears. While the others are submerged. Wearing black jeans and a black striped shirt. I found a bag around my chest, both hands on my ears. There were shoes inserted on both sides of the left wrist, abrasions were found on the body, and there was a deep hole in the right shoulder that looked like a spike in the body. In addition, a number of Korean currencies were found. Approximately 200 baht coin, passport and id card From the initial inquiry, no one knew or saw the deceased before, Lt. Col. Jiradej Kantasan, the investigation commissioner of saraburi police station, said that from the initial investigation, there was a lot of cash in the deceased and not a local person.
"10 wickets" M.3 Blood bathed in pain - and snatched away. |student 3rd grade visiting a friend's house for the New Year Inside Soi Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok 22, the 22-year-old was attacked by a gang of thieves at the end of Soi 10, who were injured and gunned down. Luckily, he did not get hit, did not want to use the bat again, and snatched the jailer to escape on January 2, 2023. Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Department receives a report of a class of students A 15-year-old girl was attacked and injured by a group of 10 teenagers on a motorcycle. The incident occurred in front of a house in Soi Rangsit Nakhon Nayok 22, Prachathipat Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, where the accident occurred, Miss Wanida (last name reserved), 35 years old, who was in the incident, said that at 02.00 a.m. on March 1, 2023, he saw the injured person riding home. The wounded then ran into the woods and heard two loud gunshots fired into the forest. The teens then dragged the injured person out and punched him. But the group of teenagers still did not bother, followed by repeated bats and took the injured person's motorcycle and rode away," Ms Wanida said. He said that at the time of the incident, he was visiting a friend's house during the New Year festival and was going home. As they were about to go home, there was a group of about 10 teenagers. They punched and hit him, slashed him, and fired a gun, and then stole his sergeant, who never had a feud with anyone, just sat down and played as usual. Police officers will rush to find clues in order to track down the teens who committed the crimes to continue the legal proceedings. And the back plate showed marks that looked like they had been slashed by a knife.
Mae Won Speeding up the case My son returned from Korea on a train and died in Saraburi.  |The parents in Buriram won the police to solve the case. My son died while riding the train home after returning from work in South Kaoli. The body was found drowned under a railway bridge. The relatives noted that the deceased was left by his girlfriend to live with a new man who sent money every month. He drank until he was drunk and lost his own train on Jan. 2, 2023. In the case of the police, saraburi city police The body of a drowning person was found at the Klong Phreao Bridge under the railway bridge. Pakpriao, Muang, Saraburi Investigators found that the deceased man was Mr. Sayan Wongram or Yap, aged 48, living at 103 Moo 5, Huayrat. A preliminary examination revealed abrasions on the body on the right shoulder with a deep hole wound similar to a spike. In the bag was found cash amounting to 92,000 baht. Several more October editions. In addition, a number of Korean currencies, about 200 baht coins, passports and id cards were found. The reporter went to Butapang house. Moo 5, T. Huayrat It was the home of the deceased Mr. Yap. Villagers are preparing a place to receive the bodies that will be delivered to their homes later today. Each relative still does not know the true details. Mr. Nak Wongram, 72, Mr. Yap's father, said that his son, a welder, had been working in Korea for about 5 years and had not returned home due to COVID-19. After having relaxed. My son always informed me that he wanted to go home. Sometimes I cry about my wife secretly having a new boyfriend, even though I send money every month. 10,000 baht a month until my son says he's coming from Korea. On Dec. 30, his son made a series of phone calls. After arriving in Thailand On December 31, the son informed him that he was boarding a train back to Buriram. HE WAS EXPECTED TO ARRIVE IN BURIRAM AROUND THE EVENING OF DECEMBER 31, BUT DID NOT COME UNTIL HE HEARD THE NEWS. The son asked his friend for help, and he ran away and hid in the bathroom and put the door lock belt on another floor. After that, I couldn't contact them again. He also found out that his son had posted on his personal Facebook page "Ask for help" and "Help me." More than 90,000 baht was found in the body, 100,000 baht was withdrawn by his son, so he wanted the authorities to help solve any case as soon as possible because relatives in Buriram suspected the cause of death. Mrs. Tuan Wongram, 71 years old, deceased mother He said that according to the news, his son had been found to have been stabbed in the shoulder, very suspicious of his death, so he wanted the authorities to speed up the investigation. Relatives in Buriram will be comfortable with Mrs. Duangduan. Chumpolwong, 36, a relative of Mr. Yap, said that as far as he knew, the deceased was also stressed about his wife. Because I'm in a different place and I've heard that I have a new boyfriend, maybe I'm going to drink alcohol until I get unusual. Personally, I'm surprised if someone is attacked on the train, it must be seen, because it's a festive season, there are a lot of people traveling. Mr. Yap's death has many possibilities, so he wants the Saraburi police to speed up the resolution of the case.
2 hand car bomb flat Narathiwat police "Police Chief" Ordered to expand to 7 more arrests (clip)|Narathiwat police have issued arrest warrants for 7 other participants and announced the progress of the songkhla train bombing case, issued arrest warrants for leaders and ordered to expand the follow-up of offenders who were issued arrest warrants and increase preventive measures in the area at 11.00 a.m. on January 2, 2023. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Lt. Gen. Sarawut Karpanich, Lt. Gen. Nandet Yoy nuan P.O. Box 9 Lt. Gen. Nat Singhudom Chief Of Staff mr. sanee pongsorn Governor of Narathiwat Maj. Gen. Sunthorn Chalermkiat Deputy Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Prabpal Memongkol Deputy Chief Of Staff 9 Maj. Gen. Piyawat Chalermsri, Deputy Chief of Staff, P.O.9 Maj. Gen. Vara Vejjapinan Chief Of Staff Ms. Pongsak Thongsai Chief Of Staff TOGETHER WITH A PRESS CONFERENCE ON THE ARREST OF 2 SUSPECTS INVOLVED IN THE NARATHIWAT POLICE FLAT BOMBING CASE AND THE PROGRESS OF THE SONGKHLA RAILWAY BOMBING CASE, POL. MAJ. GEN. DAMRONGSAK SAID THAT FROM THE CASE OF THE GANGSTERS WHO BOMBED THE POLICE OFFICER'S FLAT. On November 22, 2022, 1 police officer was killed and 25 injured and the family of a police officer was killed. 18 people were injured, 70 flats and government houses were damaged, and many private property was damaged. After the incident Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is concerned about the situation. Instruct them to expedite investigations, track offenders, and maintain good police morale. He ordered investigators to investigate the incident until he found that the culprit drove a pickup truck with a bomb or car bomb parked in the flat where the police officer was staying and then walked out of the car and got on the gangster's motorcycle waiting in front of him and fled. Checking the registration of the car used to commit the crime, a black ISUZU pickup truck, registration July 6961 Trang, it was found that there has been a lot of floating sales since 2021, and Ms. Saina was the last owner before the sale was announced on Facebook. Later, someone contacted me to buy an appointment. The car was delivered to Kaluwo Subdistrict, Muang District, Narathiwat Province on November 5, 2022, with 2 men riding motorcycles to pick up the car. Witnesses confirmed that one of the two people who picked up the car was Mr. Hasbule. Sani The police chief said he had examined cctv footage of the route used in the incident. It was found that the culprit had come out of the Tak Bai area. There were 6 vehicles involved in the incident, 5 seized and 2 suspects, Mr. Abdulmubin Lateh and Mr. Usman Sani, who pleaded guilty together with the perpetrators, were able to prove the identity of 9 persons who participated in the crime. 4. Mr. Usman Sani 5. 6. Mr. Wafi Sapadi, 7. Mr. Isal Sa, 8. Mr. Saipurusman Mama, and 9. Mr. Muhammed Hafiz. Jaeduramae Police arrested two people and seven others are under arrest. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak continued that the 2nd case progressed in the case of the bombing of a freight train between Khlong Ngae railway station and Padang Besar, Tha Pho subdistrict, Sadao district, Songkhla province. On December 3, 2022 Derailment of the train Railroad tracks and goods were damaged. No one was injured and the incident occurred on December 6, 2022, when railway officials were working to recover the tracks and trains. Another bomb exploded, killing 3 railway officers and injuring 4. Gas cylinder parts and some explosive elements were found, believed to be pedal bombs. Similar to this case, an arrest warrant was issued for Mr. Azman Paolau and his men. According to the comparison of the witnesses and the plan of the mayhem, it was found that it was the same as the case of Mr. Azman Paola. HAVING PREVIOUSLY COMMITTED AN INCIDENT SPONSORED AND FROM A CASE OF LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS DETAINING Mr. Jirasak Penglau, armed with 4 firearms in Chana district on February 3, 2022, the result of mr. Jirasak Penglau's questioning admitted that before being detained, he had been instructed by Mr. Abdul to himself and Mr. Azman Paola. Explore the Hat Yai – Padang Besar railway line at Ban Tha Pho to prepare for the attack, which has been pointed out in the plan and alerted to the surveillance unit. Mr. Jirasak admitted that 17 people were arrested and 4 people were arrested. 10 people, including Mr. Azman Paola.  There were 18 arrest warrants for the case before the incident, witnesses confirmed that there were witnesses on the day of the incident and talked to Mr. Azman, who was riding a motorcycle with 2 men, leaving the scene about 30 minutes before the explosion. Investigators have now gathered evidence and issued an arrest warrant. THE CONVOY INVOLVED IN THE ATTACK IS IN THE PROCESS OF GATHERING EVIDENCE AND ISSUING FURTHER ARREST WARRANTS. mr. sanee pongsorn The Governor of Narathiwat said that the Narathiwat Provincial Relief Operations Center has already provided financial assistance for physical remedies. 46 cases totaling 950,000 baht have been completed. On November 23, 2022, he died. 1 person was charged 500,000 baht, 45 injured was 450,000 baht, and today 46 people were given financial assistance for property such as cars and motorcycles, totaling 6,146,414 baht. Gather forensic evidence and a database of the connection of the case, leading to the issuance of arrest warrants, thanks to and commend the working group that was able to solve both cases by ordering the expansion of the monitoring of offenders who have been issued arrest warrants for prosecution, and increasing preventive measures against crimes in the area, as well as morale and safety of the officers who work, according to the concerns of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. PRIME MINISTER.SPONSORED
Brutal, killed, beaten head, big boy, buried in the ground. Relative examination Expected to be a brother's craft.|Killed, smashed, headed, big boy, buried, buried in the ground beside a pond in the middle of a field. He was found stabbed with several spikes and hit in the chin and occipital region. In appearance, there is a fight. The police conducted a preliminary investigation to know the deceased. The culprit is expected to be his brother because he often attacked family members and threatened to kill, so he was arrested at 2:00 p.m. on Jan. 2, 2023. Namon police were informed by a good citizen that the body of the deceased had been found. Initially, it was thought that he was murdered buried in the ground beside a pond in the middle of a rice field. T.Lak-gon A.Namon Kalasin After receiving the report, he reported it to his superiors and went to the area to investigate the scene. Maj. Gen. Suwan Cheownawinthawat Lieutenant Colonel Kalasin Kalasin, Lieutenant Colonel Sakchai Pimkaew, Lieutenant Colonel Namon Investigating officers, Kalasin Charity Relief Association, Somdet Joint Headquarters point, and Nam Na District Service Unit Rescue Team. The doctor at Namon Hospital and the forensic officer at the scene of the accident found the excavated and reclaimed soil marks on the side of the pond in the middle of the field, about 50 meters away from the hut. The body was found to be a male aged about 50-55 years, later known as Mr. Boonmee Namnamuang, 54 years old, at the house number 7, Moo 10, Baan Sap Charoen. T.Lak-gon A.Namon He was wearing a long-sleeved military camouflage shirt and black trousers. A physical examination revealed stab wounds hit by solid objects in the chin and occipital region. In addition, on the left and right sides of the ear, several wounds similar to those of the spikes were found. It is estimated that he died at least 24 hours ago, however, upon examination of the deceased's hut, he found scattered belongings similar to a fight, and blood stains on the floor. The officers then kept it as evidence. Lt. Col. Sakchai Pimkaew, Director of The Namon Police Department According to the preliminary investigation, Mr. Boonmee had left the area to feed the buffalo before disappearing around noon on Jan. 1. However, based on preliminary inquiries of surrounding witnesses and relatives. The officers were able to identify the suspect who had committed the crime, presumably someone close to the deceased, namely his brother, because in the past this suspect often physically assaulted relatives and tried to attack Mr. Boonmee, the brother, frequently because he was hot-tempered and had a strong temper. Kalasin police said they had received reports of the incident. Officers initially identified the suspect, who was the deceased's brother, and were in the process of being tracked down for interrogation. As for the cause, it is initially thought to be a family problem because the suspect often commits assaults on family members and has threatened to kill several people. Expedite the pursuit of the culprit who committed the crime as soon as possible as it is an outrageous and shocking case. HOWEVER, IT IS EXPECTED TO BE ABLE TO TRACK DOWN THE PERPETRATORS SOON.
Killed 2 mothers and children locked the door and burned the house. Believe in the haunting nephew.|Two mother-daughters He was found dead in his own home. Police gathered his nephew, carrying a knife and an axe, walking around the house, believing that he was asking for money, but the deceased did not, so he attacked and burned the house, locked the door and locked the lock, grabbed his pocket and searched for money at 1:30 p.m. on January 2, 2023. Khao Chaison Police Station, Phatthalung Province Lt. Col. Sondhaya Thupthong, Deputy Inspector General of Police, Lt. Col. Jit Yingkham, Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Lt. Col. Jamnier Chaiwan, Deputy Senator Police officers involved 2 officers and fire trucks of Khao Chaison Subdistrict went to the area of the fire at 111 Moo 5, Khao Chaison Subdistrict, Khao Chaison District, Phatthalung Province. Located on the side of the mountain-island road, the fire is burning the house. It took about 20 minutes for the authorities to extinguish the flames, so the fire was calm, and they found 2 dead bodies inside the house, later known as Mrs. Cheun Tangwattanakulchai, 76, the owner of the house, who was sick to walk easily, and Mrs. Rattana Nunil, 41, the daughter of Mrs. Cheun. The condition of the corpse was burned to the ground, according to preliminary investigations. The front door was locked, and near the courthouse at the back of the house, a purse was found. But there is no money left. Only the id card of the deceased was found. The officers then kept it as evidence. inquire Mrs. Paswee Pratumsuwan The chief of the 5th village, Khao Chaison, knew that the incident occurred when he arrived. Mr. Kritsada Teachkong, 36, was found walking with a knife and axe around the house, which no one dared to walk in because the man had hallucinations. Mr. Kritsada then walked away from the scene. The police took control of him, which Mr. Kritsada refused to testify about. Witnesses confirmed that Mr. Kritsada was the suspect. He was mentally ill due to drug use and had been arrested a few days earlier by authorities for lack of drugs and physically abusing his aunt. And Mr. Kritsada is also the nephew of the deceased. Initially, the police officers believed that the perpetrators were likely asking for money. Stealing money or belongings inside the house by carrying an axe and a knife When the 2 deceased did not give it, he assaulted the body before setting fire inside the house and then walked out the door before locking the door and then went to open the wallet to see the back of the house. Meanwhile, Pol. Col. Sondhaya Thupthong, director of the Khao Chaison Police Department, asked the investigators to take Mr. Kritsada to Khao Chaison Hospital for drug testing and bring him for further interrogation.
A young welder dies and is attacked on a train. Found dead in a canal.|Investigators rushed to unravel a young buriram man who was found dead in a canal under a railway bridge. Saraburi The condition has a stab-like wound in the shoulder. The father revealed that the deceased had just returned from work in South Korea while riding the train from Hua Lamphong station and was unable to contact him. Asked his son's friend if he was on the train, the deceased called for help and told him that someone would attack him, he had to flee to the toilet before he disappeared and was found dead with a clue. Revealed at 11:30 a.m. on Jan. 2, Maj. Gen. Wichit Boonchinwutkul Chief of Staff, Saraburi Province, with Lt. Col. Kesada Vajranon Deputy Chief of Staff, Saraburi Province and Lt. Col. Chetchai Chetsiri, Deputy Chief of Police, Saraburi Lead police and forensic officers Check the evidence in the case of Mr. Sayan or Yap Wongram, 48 years old, at house no. 103 Moo 5, Huayrat. Huay Rat, Buriram province, was found dead with a clue in a streamlined canal. The area under the railway bridge (black bridge) Slender mouth At 5:00 p.m. on Jan. 1, Lt. Col. Jiradej Kantasan S.W. (investigation) Saraburi Police Department received a report that a man's body was found in a slender canal. The area under the railway bridge (black bridge) The Saraburi Rescue Foundation and saraburi hospital doctors participated in the autopsy. The body was found in the head and torso lying on the bank, while the lower part was immersed in water, the deceased was dressed in black jeans and a black striped T-shirt. One chest bag, two hands with shoes on it, several abrasions were found on the body, and the right shoulder had a deep wound that looked like it had been stabbed with a spike. Checking in the bag, I found an ID card stating the name of Mr. Sayan Wongram. 48 years old, ticket of train 139 Bangkok-Buriram, cash 92,000 baht, coin 200 baht and a certain amount of Korean money. In addition, monthly government lottery tickets are found. Oct 2022 He said police had not been able to determine what cause of death the deceased had died and were interrogating witnesses and seeking further evidence. According to preliminary reports, the body was found drowned and had a wound to the shoulder. Investigators searched the scene of the accident at the Black Bridge and the railway station to check cctv cameras and see evidence at the scene. It is not known whether the deceased fell into the water himself or if anything happened. The police have to wait for the details to be confirmed again, including waiting for the autopsy results and interrogating relatives in Buriram province to find a link to the case of Mr. Nak Wongram, 72, Mr. Sayan's father, who is preparing for his son's funeral. Mr. Sayan had been working as a welder in South Korea for about 5 years and had not returned home for the past few years due to COVID-19. My son phoned to say he wanted to go home because he was worried about family problems because his wife was secretly having a new boyfriend. Before the accident, the son said that he would return on December 30, after arriving in Thailand, visiting a friend in Bangkok and staying for 1 night. Expecting to arrive at the house in the evening, Mr. Nak said that during that time, he could not contact Mr. Sayan until he heard the news that the deceased had been found dead under a bridge over a canal in Saraburi province. Ask a friend, my son said that during the ride on the train. My son called for help, saying someone was going to hurt him before running away, hiding in the bathroom and putting his belt on the door on another floor. Then the deceased could not be contacted again. He also found his son's personal Facebook page asking for help, saying, "Ask for help and help me." More than 90,000 baht in cash was found, amounting to 100,000 baht.
"60 amphetamine pills". Slave drug rave Take your wife hostage and threaten to stab her with a knife.|"Crazy husband" holds his son and wife in the house hostage, threatening to kill him if he doesn't back down. The father had taken 60 methamphetamine pills at 21:30 a.m. on Jan. 2, 2023. The man used a knife to hijack his wife as a hostage and locked him inside a house in the area. 4 Pakchan Subdistrict, Nakhon Luang District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province Therefore, the police officers of the Metropolitan Police Department joined forces to inspect and assist the scene of the accident. Found inside the house, turned off the lights, completely darkened. Only the lights in the basement of the house are turned on. Officers then monitored the roadside. When the man saw the officer, he shouted and chased the officer away. Plus, threatening if they don't do it, they'll stab all the hostages. The officers then stepped back and monitored the area from the inquiry. Miss Toei (pseudonym), 16, the eldest daughter, tearfully said that the perpetrator was his father. Mr. Charlie Praditpoj, 48, took his mother and three younger siblings hostage inside the house. Because the father used to take drugs in the house, Mr. Toei said that he used to ask his mother to leave because of pity for his mother, so he moved out to stay in the rented room for only 4 days. He told his mother not to go back, and at about 8 p.m. today, he came to the house after the incident and had an altercation with his father. The father was in a frenzy to attack his mother and threatened him with a knife, then took his mother and siblings hostage and locked him inside the house. He hurried to find that his mother had been locked in the house by his father. Now he is very worried about his mother and younger siblings because he learned that when he took 60 methamphetamine pills yesterday, he may have been in a frenzy and was worried that his mother would flee to another place. Mr. Pornnarong Beetlepengrak, 43, a volunteer officer who received the incident, said that the daughter of the attacker had chatted for help by sending pictures of people in the house and pictures of the doors and windows that were bound by white cloths to prevent people in the house from coming outside. Therefore, he brought in a force to investigate. Upon arriving at the scene, it was found that the house was completely dark. There was a voice from inside calling for help. He tried to shake the door but could not open it and was threatened by the perpetrators, so he stepped back and coordinated with the police officers to check on him, while Lt. Col. Prasert Radha, The Metropolitan Police Commissioner, and Mr. Suthep Boonchaeng tried to come in and persuade Mr. Charlie to open the door and talk outside. Instead, Charlie shouted out that the police officers would step back and not hurt the people in the house, so the police tried to negotiate for Charlie to open the door. To check if the people inside the house are safe. But Charlie refused to open the door for fear of being arrested, admitting to having taken methamphetamine and asking for a chance to go to therapy. I didn't see my wife again. The police officer promised to give Mr. Charlie entered the drug treatment program, but still refused to open the door and threatened if he saw a shadow, who was ready to use a knife to slash his youngest son's throat immediately. The officers will retreat outside and pin their forces to see the situation, hoping that Mr. Charlie will speak up and calm down to cooler down before he can enter into negotiations.
A drug-addicted grandchild confesses to killing two mother-daughters. The doctor whispered in his ear to cause the incident, before burning it again.|Grandchildren are crazy. He pleaded guilty to killing his aunt and daughter before setting the house on fire. Citing a respected doctor whispering in his ear that he was to commit the crime, he then set fire to a brick-and-mortar one-story house on Jan. 2, 2023. Two people were killed in the fire at the scene. Mrs. Chuen Tangwattanakulchai, 75, the owner of the house, who is a bedridden patient, and Mrs. Rattana Nunil, 41, who is the daughter of Mrs. Cheun. A widow with a trading career, raising a family. later on Mrs. Paswee Pratumsuwan The chief of Moo 5, Khao Chaison Subdistrict, Khao Chaison District, who first inspected the crime scene and was confident that the incident was not caused by fire, but was likely to be the murder of both bodies as he had seen them. Mr. Kritsada Teachkong, 36, who is the grandson of the deceased, walked around the house carrying knives and axes. Before being initially interrogated at Khao Chaison Police Station, he still spoke unknowingly while the urine test result was purple. The incident occurred at approximately 1.30 p.m. on January 2, 2023, according to the news presented, however, the suspect initially denied the allegations, but after a long interrogation, initially from the investigation, Mr. Krisada Sonkong, 36 years old, lived at 97 Kanchanavanich Road, Soi 2, Kho Hong Subdistrict, Hat Yai District. nephew He admitted to being the one who actually committed the killing, because his esteemed doctor whispered in his ear that he had killed 2 mothers and children, who initially came to the house and picked up the purse of Mrs. Chuen, who was sleeping, lying under her head in the amount of 3 thousand baht, and the aunt felt herself, before using a kitchen knife to stab the aunt in the abdomen with dozens of wounds. After that, use the dagger you carry with you to stab it. Mrs. Rattana Mrs. Chuen's daughter then used petrol to set fire to the house and then walked to lock the door of the house before counting the money in the deceased's pocket and walked near the scene. Mr. Kritsada said there were 2 others and pointed to the police officers of the Phatthalung Forensic Division 2 that these two women before making sweet eyes and smiling. Officers later brought eyewitness material seized at the scene, including a kitchen knife, dagger and lighter, to the perpetrator, admitting that the kitchen knife was used to stab the aunt who was lying on the bed. The daughter used a dagger and a lighter to burn, and the authorities investigated the two bodies of the deceased. Also at Songklanagarind Hospital, Songkhla on the same evening for Mr. Kritsada was the son of Mrs. Nittaya Sonkong, who was the sister of the deceased Mrs. Cheun. Mrs. Nittaya saw that she could not supervise Mr. Krisda, so she deposited it with Mrs. Cheun, and Mrs. Chuen asked Mr. Krisda to stay with Mr. Chamnong Klong-eed. He was 41 years old and his son lived nearby. While staying there. Mr. Kritsada has been involved in one assault on others and has been taken to treatment as well. Recently, the village's water has been turned up. When the chief of the house went to stop him, he was assaulted by pulling a knife for the female chief to see, and later committed a felony.
The police chief ordered a photo inspection of Chuvit unfolding in China, if there is an area to be held accountable.|Commanding Officer of the Police Department Check more in case of "Chuvit Kamolvisit" page Open year-end pictures, unfold gray Chinese capital, if found to be related to anyone, will take decisive action against all individuals. Date 3 Jan 23 Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesman for the Royal Thai Police revealed that the "Chuvit Kamolvisit" page posted a picture with the message on December 31, 2022, "No underworld in Bangkok? The camera stated the date before the incident at "Jinling" only 1 week", stating that the case was related to the previous posting of the underworld of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, which Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the Director General, has instructed the BOC to investigate and report the facts as soon as possible by the additional gray Chinese capitalist gambling images and messages posted on December 31, 2022. If any officer or person is found to have committed illegal acts or assisted, supported, neglected, or was involved in concealing or destroying evidence, the investigation shall be carried out in accordance with the authority and report the facts to the Royal Thai Police for further consideration. Confirm that the Royal Thai Police There is no policy to have gambling or any kind of bias, if any area is lax or neglects the policy, it must be held accountable. All issues are seriously investigated. It is currently under investigation, investigating and gathering evidence. If found guilty, action will be taken against all those involved, and if linked to the authorities, criminal, disciplinary and administrative action will be taken.
Siji asked. P.P.C. or not, vote against corruption. NPS 100|Si Suwan Jaraya, Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association A new era In the case of the evaluation of the integrity and transparency of government agencies, the NPS scored "A-level", especially in the anti-corruption category, at 10.00 a.m. on January 3, 2023. Charaya, secretary-general of the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations, came to submit a letter of inquiry and asked for an answer from the president. P.P.C. in case of evaluation of integrity and transparency In the implementation of the Integrity and Transparency Assessment (ITA) for fiscal year 2022, the National Park Service received an "A-level" score, especially in the anti-corruption category, to 100 out of 100. Representatives of the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) together with police officers The police searched and arrested the director general of the National Park Service. Wildlife & Plants In case of receiving money from the head of the field agency. There is a lure to buy, there is a CCTV camera. Police searched the desk and dressing room for about 5 million baht. ON DECEMBER 27, 2022, IT BECAME A POINT OF WIDESPREAD CRITICISM OF CORRUPTION IN THE THAI PUBLIC SECTOR. Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Flora In 2021, the National Park Service achieved an overall assessment score of 85.79 points and a rating score of "A level" (range of 85 - 94.99). It has a tangible effect contrary to the facts that appear to the public eye. I have to ask. P.P.C. that the assessment methodology Evaluation criteria Whether the assessment issues and assessment methods through the ITAS system are still valid, or whether there is anything hidden in the depths of the assessment that cannot be made available to the public as provided by the 2017 Constitution, Section 41(1). Therefore, the results of the assessment came out against the eyes and feelings of the people. When society "catches the lampshade" that the results of the evaluation of morality and transparency. In the operation of the state agency of the P.P.C. with the Department of National Parks as an example of this, it is appropriate that Will the P.P.C. have to cancel this project? Because the state has to spend a lot of money on this project. It takes money from public taxes to create plaques and awards for more than 2,000 agencies. Mr. Srisuwan Said finally.
Found a psychiatric illness. The drug slave closed the door, burned 2 relatives, called a psychologist to take the exam.|Khao Chaison Police Station, Phatthalung Province The accused killed and burned 2 relatives of the mother and son of the child for interrogation together with a psychologist because the perpetrator had a history of psychiatric illness. Although he pleaded guilty on January 3, 2023, in the case of a fire in a brick-and-mortar one-story house. Two bodies of the deceased were found at the scene: Mrs. Cheun Tangwattanakulchai, 75, the owner of the house, who was a bedridden patient, and Mrs. Rattana Nuonil, 41, the daughter of Mrs. Cheun. Mrs. Paswee Pratumsuwan The chief of Moo 5, Khao Chaison, who first visited the scene. The police later brought the suspect, Mr. Krisada Sonkong, 36, the nephew of the deceased, to interrogate the deceased's nephew at the hotel. Until the morning, the accused was brought for questioning along with a psychologist because the accused had a mental illness. Investigators are required to conduct a rigorous interrogation, including gathering evidence to confirm the initial offense and charge him with the offense of intentionally killing another person. Arson, burning down houses with residents. Detention, burglary, and drug use are punishable. However, now the results of songklanagarind hospital It has not yet come out whether he died at the time of the burning. If it dies before burning. The accused must be prosecuted for the offence of mutilating a corpse. Concealed, obscured, dead. ANOTHER CHARGE.SPONSORED
A man beats his brother, kills his brother, bury him in the ground, gets drugs and gets involved in a drug case.|The murderer brutally beat his head and buried his body in the ground beside the pond, the deceased's brother, who was frantic about drugs and hallucinated, confessed to killing his brother before digging a hole to bury him. The police conducted a background check and found that he had been arrested twice for drug offences in the case of Mr. Boonmee Namnamuang, 54 years old, living at house no. 7, Moo 10, Ban Sap Charoen. T.Lak-gon A.Namon Kalasin was brutally beaten on the head by a gangster and buried by a pond in the middle of a rice field. After the incident, Maj. Gen. Suwan Cheownawinthawat Kalasin police chief to follow up on the case and give orders to Lt. Col. Sakchai Pimkaew, Director of Namon Police Department and Investigating Officer, Namon Police Department Follow the urgent villains. Authorities initially believed that the perpetrator was a person close to the deceased. latest Today, January 3, 2023 at Namon Police Station The officers detained him. Mr. Paisan Namnamuang, 37, who was the brother of the deceased, came for further interrogation. After the investigators detained him for interrogation, he pleaded guilty. Shortly after the body was found, Mr. Paisan confessed that he had actually committed the murder of his brother. Before the incident, he took drugs and followed his brother to a farm hut, where he used eucalyptus logs to get to his brother's head and dug a grave in the area. However, a background check on Mr. Paisarn revealed that he was involved in drugs and had been arrested and prosecuted twice. The cause is thought to be drug use leading to hallucinations and manic episodes, investigators initially charged him with intentional homicide, indoctrination, and manslaughter. secrete MOVING OR DESTROYING A CORPSE OR PART OF A CORPSE TO CONCEAL DEATH AND USING DRUGS IS PUNISHABLE BY CATEGORY 1 (METHAMPHETAMINE) AND WILL BE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY FOR FURTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
P.S. Operation 66/1, 40 searches, 230 million assets seized|P.S. Operation 66/1 led a search of 40 target areas, arrested 6 suspects, and seized more than 230 million "Afu" network assets at 10.00 a.m. on Jan. 3, 2023 at the Narcotics Suppression Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, deputy director of the police department, as director of the PSC, along with Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai Police officers and police officers The 4th Army jointly announced the action plan "Ded Wing Mara 66/1" to seize assets worth 230 million baht, Pol. Gen. Chinpat said that according to the Policy of the Police Commissioner during the New Year, the police have been working non-stop and the policy of the Royal Thai Police has been working on sustainable communities to reduce the number of drug users and continuously intercept drugs along the northeastern border. The operation issued nine arrest warrants and arrested six for conspiracy and involvement in the movement. The mastermind is known to be Thai. After this, an arrest warrant must be issued and the arrest must be followed. The police will not stop working, will continue to investigate and make arrests. The investigation and expansion of the major network led to the launch of operation "66/1" in November 2017. Last December, the 4th Army Police Department led a team to integrate forces with the P.O.S. and related agencies. Blockade targeted areas in Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani, Chonburi, Amnat Charoen Khon Kaen, Surat Thani, Phuket and Trang have a total of 40 points due at the end of 2021 and continued in 2022. State Police 4 The investigation and arrest of drug cases in Bangkok continued in the vicinity and expanded until it became aware of the drug shelters in the Don Mueang area, was able to arrest the dealers and seize about 1 million methamphetamine tablets, and expanded the results until they knew the network, and were able to arrest people in charge of financial transactions and seize assets worth about 75 million baht. It then continued to expand, leading to the issuance of an arrest warrant. Mr. Chatchai or Afu The commander and other actors in the network, and investigating the operation, were able to arrest four members of the network in Bangkok. Mrs. Mayuree is the person who conducts financial transactions. Mr. Thanachote and Mr. Nont were local traders, while in Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province, arrested 1 person, Mr. Prempawaris was responsible for financial transactions, and in Mueang District, Kanchanaburi Province, arrested Mr. Chaturaporn as a local trader, all charged with "conspiracy to commit serious drug-related offenses, supporting or assisting offenders before or while committing an offense, and receiving money, property or other benefits from offenders." P.S.4 Seizure of assets expected from drug trafficking in various areas, such as 1.11 houses and buildings in Bangkok, 2 in Pathum Thani, 1 in Nonthaburi, 1 in Chonburi and 1 in Surat Thani, totaling 16 houses worth approximately 115,000,000 million baht. 2. Land title deeds in Amnat Charoen province, 4 plots, Ubon Ratchathani, 2 plots, Kamphaeng Phet 1 plot, Khon Kaen 1 plot and Phuket 1 plot, totaling 9 plots, valued at approximately 94,000,000 million baht. 3. 1 Nissan 350z car, 2 Isuzu D-Max, 2 Honda Civic, 1 Honda CRV and 1 Toyota Camry, 7 units valued at approximately 8,500,000 Baht4.8 gold bars valued at 360 Baht, valued at approximately 11,000,000 Baht, seized at Mr. Prempawarit's house in Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province, 5.21 gold bars valued at approximately 630,000 Baht, 6.Cash 1,300,000 Baht, 7.Suspended money from accounts amounting to 1,300,000 Baht, 8.Other assets such as 11 brand-name bags, 21 watches, and 3 gold statues valued at approximately 2,000,000 Baht, including the value of the seized assets of approximately 230 million Baht. Mr. Thapanan or Rat Chen Thamaratthada A key drug suspect wanted by Thai authorities has died abroad. Gen Chinpat said he had not received an official report yet and was still waiting for confirmation. The Royal Thai Police has not been silent and has coordinated with neighboring countries to track down and arrest key suspects in drug cases.
Sued "artificial teachers". 16-year-old boy accused of murder in Korat|Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, monitors progress in the case of "artificial teachers" A famous dance teacher and commentator committed indecent acts on a 16-year-old boy in Chakrarat Nakhon Ratchasima, revealing that the police concluded the case was filed by the public prosecutor on December 23, 2022. Mr. Chak (pseudonym), aged 16, informed the investigating officer of The Chakraraj Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima province, that he was attacked by Mr. Chutidet or Kru Thiem, aged 60, who worked as a commentator for 3 programs and choreographed for singers and dancers from famous TV shows. Take them to a room in the area. T.Yayamwattana Chalermprakiat, Buriram province, such cases. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, gave the order. Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom P.O.C.3, Maj. Gen. Influential Nakkham Lieutenant Colonel Nakornratchasima and Lt. Col. Sittisak Prommuenwaii, Director of The Chakrarat Police Department. Conduct thorough investigations and gather evidence as it involves a celebrity committing sexual acts against children. The public and the media paid a lot of attention from the investigation to know that Mr. Chak was a student and was in a school band. Later, on September 16, Mr. Chak arranged with Mr. Chutidet or Kru Thiem to pick him up at his house in Chakrarat district, Nakhon Ratchasima province, to take him to study and find a job. T.Yayamwattana He then committed obscene acts by hugging and kissing. He grabbed the victim's genitals with his hands and tried to tuck his face into his legs, but the victim resisted and was unable to do anything and brought the victim to his home. Mr. Chak then informed the parents and asked for help from the police officer, Maj. Gen. Surachet, who ordered the TICAC operation to support the operation. Later, the police officers searched Mr. Chutidej's residence and brought him to the examination officer and informed him of the charges of "taking a minor over fifteen years of age but not more than eighteen years of age from his parents, guardians or caregivers without reasonable cause for obscenity, taking others for obscenity, using deceptive means, threatening, using lethal force, abusing power or using any other means of rape, indecent acts on a person over fifteen years of age by threatening in any way with the use of lethal force, where the person is in a state of inviolability, or misleading the person into believing that he is another person." Pol. Gen. Surachet said that the case was a case that the public and the media were interested in because it was related to a famous person, so he urged the investigators to make a thorough and complete statement so that the offenders could be prosecuted and punished. In case of being persuaded or in contact with a stranger, even if it is a famous person, be careful. Study the information in detail and inform the parents for consultation and close supervision. To avoid further victim of sexual exploitation.
Father, carrying his 3-year-old daughter from bed, killing him and stuffing his mouth in the middle of a farm.|Father carrying his 3-year-old daughter from bed to kill Catching soil stuffed in the middle of a cassava plantation. After planning to trick her grandmother, who slept with her daughter, to see the plumbing broke. Police searched for the killer and believed that he was hallucinating after celebrating the New Year with friends overnight at 5 a.m. on Jan. 3, 2023. At the back of the house no. 13/1 Moo 22, Ban Rai Subdistrict, Lat Yao District, Nakhon Sawan Province, therefore, went to check together with a team of investigators, hospital doctors, and officers of the Lat Yao rescue service at the scene of the accident. Pannon, 55, the grandmother of a 3-year-old boy, led authorities to the spot where the body was found lying dead inside a cassava trench. About 300 meters away from the back of the house, the body of Dr. Narinan was found. Pannon is in a state of stuffing in the mouth. No signs of abuse were found. Mrs. Anongnath testified to the officers that the person who carried her granddaughter to the farm was Mr. Ranachai Pannont, 27, who was his son, and after the incident, riding a black motorcycle, fled. Without knowing which way to go, Mrs. Anongnath testified that she was responsible for taking care of her granddaughter for her son, and that every night she would sleep with her granddaughter. Mr. Ranachai came to wake him up and said that the plumbing in the bathroom was broken to get up and look at it, which he was convinced to get up and walk to see what his son had told him. BUT HE DIDN'T FIND ANY BROKEN PLUMBING, SO HE HURRIED BACK TO THE BEDROOM AND FOUND THAT MR. RANACHAI WAS CARRYING HIS 3-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER AND RAN OUT TO THE BACK OF THE HOUSE TO THE CASSAVA FOREST. When the granddaughter was found dead. lying in a cassava plantation," she said. After listening to Mrs. Anongnath's words. The officers immediately dispersed the pursuit of Mr. Ranachai. Mr. Ranachai, who was riding a black motorcycle, fled after the incident, but believed it was unlikely to go far. There was only half a tank of fuel left, and Mr. Ranachai had no money with him. The body of a 3-year-old boy was taken to the hospital for examination. To find out the cause of death in detail again, the Lt. Col. Wattanakit Chalaprakhon, director of the Lat Yao Police Department, said the case Mrs. Anongnath It was confirmed that Mr. Ranachai's son was the one who attacked his daughter to death. Because he took the baby from the bed, fled into the forest in the early hours of the morning and found the little one turned into a corpse, which is still being hunted by the investigating officers, and tomorrow a warrant will be issued for the arrest of the father. From interrogation Mrs. Anongnath He said his son was drunk to celebrate the New Year. The type who did not fall asleep did not sleep for a long time, which is not known whether he was drunk alone or if he had taken illegal drugs that caused hallucinations. Therefore, he had to wait for his arrest before he could find out the cause of his daughter's murder.
The owner of a grocery store was beaten by a hot-headed man with blood. Claims grabbing girlfriend's genitals|The owner of the grocery store was hit by a hot-headed man. The attacker allegedly grabbed his girlfriend's genitals and used a bat to soak his bloody head before leaving. I ran away. The hurt person revealed unintentionally. Just hit the woman's leg while refueling. Molesting at 21:30 a.m. on Jan. 3, 2023, police said. Bang Sao Thong Police Department received a report of an assault in front of a house. Kheha Muang Mai Bangplee Soi F 10, Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict, Bang Sao Thong District, Samut Prakan Province, together with grateful foundation volunteers to investigate and assist in the scene. Mr. Ekarat Sripeangchan, 46, a resident of Suphan Buri province. The owner of the grocery store was injured with a broken wound to the head, so he coordinated with the rescue personnel to rush to the rescue and rushed him to Chularat 5 Hospital. Mr. Ekarat, who was injured, said this morning. A young woman on a motorcycle filled the shop. At that moment, one of his hands was holding an oil cone. The other holds a bottle of oil. The moment he bent down to fill the car with a gas outlet between the seat and the handlebars, the driver did not have to get out of the car, the arm could hit the girl's leg, until the girl accused him of molestation, which he did not intend or intended to upset the girl. MR. EKRAT SAID SPONSORED MR. NOP. The brother of the injured said that before the incident, he was in the room and knew that there were 2 men riding motorcycles parked in front of the store. Getting out of the car, he asked his brother, "Who grabbed Myagu's genitals in the morning?" He then hit his brother on the head with a stick and injured him, so he rushed out to help with a bottle and ran after him. The perpetrators ran away, leaving behind their motorcycles. He informed the police to seize it. The two perpetrators had never known each other before, but they were known to be people in the same community. After this, he and his brother will go to the police to report the crime so that the police officers can speed up the pursuit of the perpetrator to continue the legal proceedings.
A young man with a history rides through the front of the temple and is hit in the head by a mysterious bullet.|A big man was shot in the head while passing in front of a temple in Chalong Krung district, Lat Krabang, Bangkok. I came across a rescuer and called for help, but I didn't survive. The deceased was found to have a history of drugs, but he did not know who shot him and what happened at 03.00 a.m. on January 4. Chalongkrung Police Department received a report of a person who was shot and killed. In front of the garage, chalongkrung, opposite the gas station, PTT Chalongkrung, Chalongkrung Road. The shore heads to separate the ladkrabang soldiers. Therefore, he went to check with the investigation department, the forensic officer. Forensic doctors, police hospitals and foundation volunteers were grateful for the scene on the far left lane of the road. A body was found. Mr. Fahren Srichanin, 43, was lying on his back covered in blood in a blue short-sleeved T-shirt. Cartoon shorts The deceased's white-and-black Honda Click, registration number 2Confucius 9030, Bangkok, was parked in a blood-stained state. There was a man riding in the car, and a bloody man sat in front of him and waved for help. At first he thought he was drunk. He learned that his friend had been shot and was about to be taken to Lat Krabang Hospital. But the person was shot unconscious, so he rushed to provide first aid, but did not die. As for the friend who rides, Jai brought me. Investigators took him to the scene of the accident and investigated at Chalong Krung Police Station, initially investigating that the crime scene was opposite Wat Tippawas, Soi ChalongKrung 53, about 1 km from the accident site. Upon arriving at the scene, a gunshot was heard. When he went to see it, he saw that he had been shot in the middle of the head, so he left his car and rode in Mr. Fahren's car to take him to Lat Krabang Hospital. However, upon arriving at Soi ChalongKrung 29, the foundation officer's car was found and asked for help. Found to have a history of drug-related activities in the area. Lam Phak Chi was sentenced to 3 years in prison, less than a year in prison. The police are in the process of thoroughly interrogating the deceased friend. Check gunpowder stains and check CCTV footage at the scene to identify the culprit for further prosecution.
Shaiwat Give evidence, the Director-General reed the tribute, revealed the plan to reverse the scales, pay before the catch.|"Chaiwat Limlikitsorn" entered the testimony and gave evidence to the police. In the case of the Director-General of the National Park Service calling for bribes, ready to reveal after the story, there are people to cheer. There is a group of beneficiaries who threaten chatline, never care and are not afraid at 10.00 a.m. on January 4 at the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Division (BPO). Mr. Chaiwat Limlikitsorn Director of Conservation Area Management Office 9 (Ubon Ratchathani) visited Maj. Gen. Jaroonkiat Pankaew The Police Commissioner to give evidence to the investigating officer in case of submitting evidence to the police. Mr. Rajada Suriyakul Na Ayutthaya, Director-General of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plants, who demanded money and was guilty under Section 149 for the offense of "being an official who wrongfully receives property or other benefits" and 157 "refraining from performing his duties". Mr. Chaiwat said that this morning, he brought the information sheet to the committee of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment before coming to the MINISTRY of Natural Resources and Environment to provide more information about the list of persons who appear on the envelope, who they are and where they are. Trust in the evidence of the P.O.P. and the P.P.C. who went to the search and the video was clearly captured until it was released to the society. He insisted that this was not bullying or personal conflict, and he did not think that there would be a case because society had seen all the behavior. As for that information, he has been calling since he took office that there has been bullying. Must be paid monthly And the consequences of collecting those funds have resulted in the troubled staff in their lives. Mr. Chaiwat also said that he had spoken to Mr. Rajada. At the end of October, he tried to contact the front office staff twice until he came to talk, and then he said, "Please don't collect it," and clarified the problem of the younger subordinates who had to go to borrow debts because they were in trouble. If they keep this size, how will they work?" At that time, the Director-General replied, "No, still insist on paying," and he said, "Finally, do I have to pay?" and then handed over the information to the authorities leading to the arrest process on December 27, 2022, when 98,000 baht was handed over and led to the arrest of the police. P.O.P., When asked if there had ever been such payments within the organization, he said: Mr. Chaiwat replied that it is a Thai culture, whether willingly or not. Admittedly, there is, but this kind of billing culture has never existed before. That charged every tablet like this before. As for who will pay or not pay. I don't know, but since I've worked, I've never had to pay or charge anyone. For example, the budget goes down to 100 baht, must be changed back 18.50 baht, then divided by 12 months to the monthly delivery amount. After the story was revealed. There are many parts that come in to cheer and rejoice. Thank you for doing it for them and in return for saving the forest, and some of the groups that have lost their benefits have been intimidated through chatlines. THE ISSUE IS THAT MR. CHAIWAT AND MR. RAJADA ARE JUNIORS OF THE SAME INSTITUTION. He doesn't care if he graduates from the same university, but whoever commits the crime is liable, and the protection of the forest is the main one. The reporter asked the society why the police did not conduct a search of Mr. Rajada's residence. To extend the effect of the arrest. Mr. Chaiwat said he had no opinion on the matter because he believed that the P.P.C. and the P.O.P.C. There is already a full intention to carry out the duties in this case.
Caught Father brutally holds 3-year-old child, kills clay, stuffs mouth, rides away, and corners Chonburi pump|A brutal father grabbed his 3-year-old daughter from his bed and killed him, stuffing his mouth in the middle of a farm. While riding, Jai fled and stopped to refuel in a pump in Chonburi province. While the evil father still denied claiming that he did not kill, he saw a ghost leaving his child in the forest from the case of a father carrying his 3-year-old daughter from his bed and killing him in the middle of a farm in Nakhon Sawan province on January 3. The police of Lat Yao Police Station went to the area to investigate the crime scene and learned the name of Mr. Ranachai Pannont, 27 years old, living at 13/1 Moo 22, Ban Rai Subdistrict, Lat Yao District, Nakhon Sawan Province. After the incident, he fled on a motorcycle. Last updated at 12.00 p.m. on January 4, 2023. Lt. Col. Ekkarat Malawanno, Deputy Chief of Staff, and Lt. Col. Teerasak Osathanon, Deputy Chief of Staff. A press release on the capture was held. Mr. Ranachai Pannont, 27, got a gas station. PTT Bypass Nong Nai Khok Moo 1 T.Bansuan A.Muang, Chonburi province with a black Honda Wave motorcycle. Registration no. 1 กภ 2267 Nakhon Sawan is according to Lat Yao Police Station, report the clues on social media, bring for drug testing. Found to have narcotic substances in the body, but still refused. He said the arrest came from a citizen who called 191 to report that he had found a suspect who looked like a man who had killed his son in Nakhon Sawan province. Phichit Jomprom Group Director P. S. T. Thanapol Suansan Group Director P. A patrol police officer went in to investigate and found the culprit walking out of the bathroom. The police took him into custody and, upon enquiry, the name matched the name of the accused in the killing of his own child, but denied it. He did not kill his own children, thanks to good citizens who were interested in the news and gave clues to the police until they could be collected quickly. Mr. Ranachai, the accused, claimed that on the day of the incident, he heard someone carrying his biological child, born from his old wife, from the bed. At that moment, he saw the ghost of an old woman deceiving him, causing him to be afraid to run away and leave his child, and later learned that the child was dead, so he rode a motorcycle to Chonburi province to pick up his new girlfriend at Bangsaen. Go to the convenience store and go to the bathroom. WHEN I CAME OUT, I WAS MET BY THE POLICE, SO I WAS ARRESTED. Chonburi City Police Department records daily and waits for police officers. Lad Yao police officer picked him up for further legal proceedings.
Just being accused. The villagers do not embrace "artificial teachers". I actually just found it in the New Year.|The villagers near The Teacher Thiem Garden house in Buriram and the temple near the house where Kru Thiem went to practice the Dhamma speak in the same voice. He knew the news but did not believe that the teacher had committed indecent acts against the boy. Because usually Teacher Thiem is a hospitable person, greets the villagers, comes back to take care of his mother at home, and likes to go to practice the dharma, clean the temple, but deep down I don't know. You have to wait for the news after 4 January 2023. In the case of Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, the case of a famous conmentor was followed. "Artificial Teacher" Mr. Chutidet Thongyu, 60, a resident of Ban Sing Subdistrict, Nang Rong District, Buriram Province, has been accused of molesting a 16-year-old boy since September 2022. He noted how likely it was, or if it was just bullying. The photo was published on its Facebook page. Previously, it appeared that the teacher was in the canon. He spent the holiday season returning home to take care of his aging mother, and also went to the Buddhist monastery. Phu Fa Man The ceremony lasted several days and ended on Jan. 1, when reporters traveled to Wat Phu Fa Man. The temple where the teacher went to practice the Dhamma meets Miss A (pseudonym). A student of Phu Man Fah Temple said that teachers usually come to this temple to make merit regularly. HE HAD TRAVELED TO THE TEMPLE EVERY DAY TO CLEAN THE TEMPLE, BUT DID NOT SLEEP AT THE TEMPLE." Personally, I am not interested because it is not clear whether the artificial teacher actually did it or not, and did not observe the mannerisms or changes of the artificial teacher. It's just an accusation made by the authorities. I don't know if it's true or not," said a student of Wat Phu Man Fah, as well as villagers in Chalerm Phrakiat district, Buriram province, which is a garden house rented by Kru Thiem to stay and raise animals. He admitted to being shocked by the news, but still did not believe that this would be true. Say hello to the locals when you come to stay at the park. Admittedly, I don't know if the story will be true or not.
The police chief reiterated his handling of the Jinling pub case itself, pad p.1, controlled the idiom, and took offense to "cabinet hao".|"Police chief" reiterates jinling pub case itself is the investigating officer in charge. The superintendent of police is part of the 4 units that participated in the investigation. Confident to gather enough evidence to convict "Cabinet Hao" reveals the expression to the SSO. Consider submitting the case to the court by January 20. Check the facts of whether "Chuvit" accused "Big Zhao" of making defective expressions within 15 days on January 4 at 4 p.m. at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said the society may have misunderstood the Jinling case that "the director general also acts as the chief investigator", and wanted to learn that since December 16, the attorney general has assigned him as the responsible investigator. It is responsible for signing the opinion of the case in the expression of the investigation by conducting the investigation together with the investigating officer under the NCPO. The NCPO and the NCPO and 12 prosecutors assigned by the NCPO have always closely supervised the investigation in person with the public prosecutor in order to move the work quickly and gather evidence as clearly as possible. The media and the public are asked to be confident in the investigation of this case. "In this case, 400 witnesses have been examined, 37 arrest warrants have been issued from the South Bangkok Criminal Court, including 19 cases of conspiracy to distribute class 1 narcotics, distribution of class 2 and 4 drugs, and money laundering charges, with 19 arrests and 18 pending arrests. In the case of Mr. Chuvit, he made a statement to the media about the performance of the duties of the Director-General. Order No. 2/2023 dated January 3, 2023 appointed a fact-checking committee in the said case. To determine whether any part of the investigation has been impaired and whether the case has been damaged. By appointing the National Police Commissioner as chairman of the board. There are police officers under the Police Command and the Central Bureau of Investigation. Become a Member of the Board of Directors And complete the audit within 15 days from the date of acknowledgment of the order and for transparency and fairness. He also invited prosecutors to participate as consultants and provide information to support the investigation.
The deputy spokesman said the case of forcing him into a van carries a heavy prison sentence of 20 years.|A deputy spokesman for the 22-year-old accused of forcing a young woman to put her in a van has been charged with rape. Ordered the prosecution to impose heavy punishment. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison on Jan. 4, 2023. Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office A case of female sexual abuse on a van has been revealed, forcing the victim to surrender, police said. Ayutthaya police arrested Mr. Thitipong, 22 years old, is a native of Sena, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya On the afternoon of Jan. 3, at the bus terminal of Chao Phrom Market. On the island of Old City After the driver of the van informed the police to arrest the man who committed the crime. The man confessed that the act that appeared to be the perpetrator of the rape was committed against us(18). It means to satisfy the libido of the perpetrator by using the genitals of the perpetrator to intrude on the genitals. The anus or mouth of another person  The accused's behavior was outrageous, challenging the law on a public van in the daytime, a spokesman for the Attorney General's Office said. If the results of the investigation are evidenced by the news, he asked the court to impose a heavy punishment because he believed that public buses must be safe for women, and urged women when boarding public buses to sit at the gates. In order to reduce the chances of the criminal committing an offence sponsored for such an offence under Section 276, whoever rapes another person by threatening in any way with the use of lethal force by others in a state of inviolability or by misleading others into believing that he is another person shall be punished with imprisonment of 4-20 years and a fine of 80 thousand - 400,000 baht. If the conditions stipulated by the law are met, please observe each other and help prevent mischief in order to keep Thai society safe.
Lad Yao police detain father for killing 3-year-old boy|Lad Yao police with an investigation team to find the brutal father who killed his 3-year-old daughter Mok Raiman from Chonburi Police Station to prosecute the case for intentional killing of others. The atmosphere was filled with sadness, relatives insisted on not forgiving and not forgiving on Jan. 4, 2023, in Nakhon Sawan Province. Lt. Col. Prasapchai Nakvisut, Deputy Chief of Police, Lat Yao, accompanied by police investigators, was being taken into custody. Mr. Ranachai Pannont A father who killed his 3-year-old daughter on a cassava plantation in Ban Rai subdistrict, Lat Yao district, Nakhon Sawan province, has left the Chonburi police station to prosecute the local law. Mr. Ranachai rode a motorcycle and fled to the local area of Chonburi. The police officers of Lat Yao Police Station have traced it until they find out. In addition to having good citizens who saw the news on social media, they found that they were in the Chonburi area, so they coordinated with Lt. Col. Ekkarat Malawanso, deputy director of the Chonburi Police Department, to help set up an extraction checkpoint and send details and pictures of motorcycles to the Chonburi investigation team. After that, I heard the good news that the police officers The Chonburi Police Department has arrested and found that it is the same person as the company. Lat Yao police officers, who were arrested at the funeral of the victims, set up a charity meeting at their home. In Ban Rai subdistrict, Lat Yao district, Nakhon Sawan province, the atmosphere was lonely and mournful. Neighbors and relatives came to mourn, with relatives insisting on not forgiving and not forgiving them. The funeral will be held on Saturday, January 7.
Part 2: "Inspector Ink" with minions Set up a gang to raid Chinese homes.|Region 2 raids "Inspector Ink" under the Ministry of Finance along with 2 other minions to set up a gang to rob a Chinese millionaire's house. Exchange of wages of 15 million baht Before being taken to the Pattaya Court for detention, Pol. Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisarnnachai, Phor 2's director, led a team to arrest a gang of 7 criminals who used 4 cars to commit crimes, impersonating police officers, and holding fake search warrants. Invading the luxury homes of local Chinese millionaires Nong Prue Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, before grabbing people in the house, tying hands and feet. He threatened to open a safe deposit box and robbed him of 700,000 baht in cash, 7 baht in gold and an 11 mm firearm with ammunition. Mr. Tul and Mr. Ink and Mr. Joe arranged a team to rob the Chinese house because they believed that they kept about 200-400 million baht in cash in the house. And if they succeed, they will receive a wage of 15 million baht. The incident occurred on Dec. 11, before the robbery gang could be caught. On Dec. 21, as already proposed, the latest developments were made. On Jan. 4, it was reported that Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisarnnachai, Ph.D. 2, along with Pol. Maj. Gen. Theerachai Chumphon Police And Investigators have tracked down three additional suspects of the Chinese house robbery gang, including 1. Lt. Col. Akarapan Dittakwee, 41, or Inspector Ink, under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, arrested at an apartment in Thung 2 room. Bangkok 2. Mr. Pasworn Chandrangsu, 42 years old or Tul, caught at Phra Khanong 3. Caught at Bang Khun Thian according to the arrest warrant of the Pattaya Provincial Court. The accused together were users of robbery offences, jointly presenting themselves as officials and acting as officials, jointly delaying the detention of othersSPONSORED for the 3 accused, who were tracked down by the Investigation Police Region 2 in Bangkok before being taken to nongprue police station since January 3, 2019. The investigating officer detained all the accused and sent them to the Pattaya Provincial Court. All the accused have also denied the allegations. Meanwhile, the preliminary court has not granted bail to the accused. however The Investigating Police Region 2 has been working hard to expand the investigation to find more participants and evidence as the accused is a government official and if there is any further information, there will definitely be a press conference to close the case.
Brutal father kills his daughter, claims ghosts, rides to Chon Chon|3-year-old father killed in cassava plantation Drug abuse and killing of daughter He denied the journalist had written a letter threatening to kill and bury a gas cylinder in the Yuca Park. Claiming to have been deceived by a ghost, he rode away to Chonburi province, while Lat Yao police closed the room for a thorough examination, initially testifying about the matter at 10.15 p.m. on January 4, 2023 in Nakhon Sawan province. Lat Yao Police Lt. Col. Prasapchai Nakvisut, Deputy Chief of Police, Lat Yao, along with police officers in the investigation unit. Mr. Ranachai Pannont, 27, a brutal father who killed his 3-year-old daughter on a cassava plantation in the area. Ban Rai Subdistrict, Lat Yao District, Nakhon Sawan Province, came to investigate at Lat Yao Police Station, the reporter reported that as soon as the police officers were taken. Mr. Ranachai got out of the van and asked about the motive for the attack, but Mr. Ranachai had a slightly shocked expression on his face. He denied to reporters, "He didn't take drugs. Didn't kill my daughter. He did not write a letter threatening to kill and did not bury a gas tank in the eucalyptus garden behind the house, but claimed that he "was deceived by a ghost at a mansampa farm, so he parted ways with his daughter, then rode a motorcycle with a full helmet to escape the ghost to Chonburi province and admitted that he was saddened by his daughter's passing." Mr. Ranachai entered the interrogation room for another thorough interrogation. Police initially could not provide further information to reporters. However, during the incident, Mr. Ranachai was arrested by the police. Chonburi police arrested him. Mr. Ranachai claimed to have been deceived by a ghost and could not remember anything. : Lad Yao police detain father for killing 3-year-old boy
A drunken man, chaotic, rampant. Don't let up. The latter was arrested last month.|Drunken man, pungent, child. School rampage The teacher reported the case to the police. A bottle of white liquor was found and the alcohol was consumed, the lottery vendor said. After being shot by a drunk man, he fired a slingshot into his eyebrow and injured him. The incident was reported to have been recently caught drunk and disorderly behaved at the end of the month. Last December on January 4, 2023 Lieutenant Colonel Boonsuan Chalermsri, Deputy Commissioner Banna police officers are ready to stop a drunk man from going on a rampage. In Wat Saphan School, T.Asa At the scene of the incident, Mr. Tee, 50 years old, was riding a bicycle out of the school. White liquor was found to have been opened and eaten. One bottle and a slingshot hanging from the handlebars of the bike, the officers took him to the patrol car to blow alcohol, which showed a body alcohol content of 288 milligrams per cent, which exceeded the legal limit, according to the inquiry. Miss Maliwan Thongprasart, 41, a teacher at the Children's Center, said that Mr. Tee (the perpetrator) was upset after bringing plexiglass as a gift to the child while playing football on the field. He saw the bad posture, so the students slowly went to the room. The attacker then came to the table and grabbed the two puppies, threw them to the ground and trash cans, informed the police. This time, kicking cans and rice plates scattered in front of the center, he took a video of it. Mrs. A (pseudonym), 48, a lottery vendor, came to report to the police. The house police said it was Mr. Tee. Using a slingshot, he shot at the area above his right eyebrow. While sitting in front of the temple selling lotteries. Pikulthong Ban na district, Nakhon Nayok province, after Mr. Tee was dissatisfied with being accused of being drunk and ranting. The police initially charged him with "drunkenness and disorderly conduct." Other charges will be announced later, the reporter added, adding that Mr. Tee had been arrested in the past. On Dec. 30, 2022, he was charged with "drunkenness and disorderly conduct." After being released a few days later, the incident was repeated. As a result, local residents are apprehensive about Mr. Tee's behavior.
"You know," the gunman said. News - News|Until the police inspected the pub. Klong 6 District The shooting occurred in the middle of the night on Jan. 3. Preliminary investigation did not find the perpetrators - illegal substances. While the police revealed the identity of the perpetrator, they asked for time to work soon, revealing that the video that was shared was not true - distorted news, the shop director asked for fairness from the media - presented the news inaccurately at 11.30 pm on January 4, 2023 at the check-in shop Klong 6. Klong 6 Klongluang Patumthani Province, Lt. Col. Chumworn Chomatat, Deputy Chief of Staff, Pathum Thani Province, along with Lt. Col. Kittisak Pongthanarak, Director, Klong 5 Police Department Mr. Gongtri Sermwit Sombat Defense Pathum Thani Province Lieutenant Pichaya Piaraj Permanent Secretary for Security Klongluang policeman Klong 5 Police Station official P.P.S. Region 1, Pathum Thani Provincial Administrative Officer and Khlong Luang District Administrative Officer Go to the area together to inspect the store. After the shooting occurred in the middle of the night on January 3, 2019, Lieutenant Pichaya Piaraj was arrested. Permanent Secretary, Khlong Luang District Security Department He said today that he had ordered the governor of Pathum Thani province to conduct an inspection of the shop and to search all the guards inside the store. The tourists searched for weapons. This includes drug testing, which did not find the culprit. No weapons were found and no drugs were detected, and children under the age of 20 were not allowed to use the service. Lt. Col. Kittisak Pongthanarak, Director, Klong 5 Police Department He said the police now know the perpetrators but asked for time for the police to get to work. The perpetrators are expected to be prosecuted soon. The video was shared that there was a shooting inside the store. And it was a shooting outside the store because it was checked, so it was a misrepresentation of the news. As for the reason why the villain came to shoot the card, it is probably due to dissatisfaction that the store card went to warn the attacker, who went to find another table to visit and was invited to leave the store. He said he wanted to be fair to the media, which had already presented the news, which was highly distorted by reality. Whether it is the content of the news, pictures and video clips, which are all old pictures and video clips that are presented and there is the sound of gunfire like shooting in the store, it is not true because the attacker drove a motorcycle past and shot at the 2 guards while standing in front of the store.
A young man goes to fish and finds a dead body in a submerged saloon, all 4 windows are locked.|Chonburi: A young man goes diving to find fish and finds a submerged saloon at Bang Phra Reservoir. The body of an unnamed man was found lying dead for decades. At 11:45 p.m. on January 4, 2023, Deputy Inspector General of Police Of Sriracha, Sri Racha Police Station, Chonburi province, received a report of a sunken sedan on the edge of a reservoir. Irrigation Gate 9, Moo 4, Bangpra Sriracha district, Chonburi province, therefore, has coordinated the rescue force of Sawang Prateep Sriracha. A rescue diver was brought in to search for the vehicle. It took about 10 minutes, about 6 meters from the shore and 3 meters deep, to find the car, known as a bronze Toyota Vios, registration number 1Kw 6925, Bangkok. The car has lichen sticking to the exterior color. It was thought to have been sunk for several days, so rescuers used a forklift to bring it out of the water to investigate. From the internal inspection of the said vehicle. By smashing the car window in the back to enter, unlock and open the door. Inside the car, 1 person was found dead, male. His real name and surname are unknown, about 30-40 years old, wearing a black short-sleeved shirt. THE BODY WAS ROTTEN AND SLUGGISH INSIDE THE SALOON. It was found that the gear was in position D, the key was inserted towards the start of the car, and in the trunk of the car was found 1 skateboard and 1 helmet with 1 pair of sneakers. It is estimated that the deceased had been dead for at least 10 days, which the Chonburi Provincial Forensic Division had not detected any signs of assault. He then recorded footage of the crime scene and his surroundings as evidence, police said. Mr. Withoon Boonprakom, 29, a tractor driver, testified that he came out to fish after work. When we arrived at the scene of the incident, we were surprised. I dived into the water to find fish, and found a similar object. The car itself was still unsure, so I dived down to look at it again. It was found to be a sedan, so he called the rescuers and the police. Sri Racha police inspected and found the body of an unnamed man lying dead for decades inside the car. The police officers assumed that the area near the accident site was a road along the edge of Bang Phra reservoir, a downhill path leading towards Wat Ta Protharam, and an earthen area next to Bang Phra reservoir. The police will investigate witnesses at the scene to determine the cause of death while checking the vehicle registration, who owns it, and who the deceased is. The body of the deceased was taken to Laem Chabang Hospital. The doctor will conduct another autopsy to determine the cause of death and will urgently follow up with relatives. In order to pick up the body, take it back for further religious ceremonies.
Police officers raid a young contractor 1.4 thousand heads|Police officers hold a subpoena to raid a contractor Chiang Rai Smuggling of contraband workers A bounty of 14,000 baht per person was used at a gas station as a meeting point and the reporter reported that at 6:00 p.m. on January 4, 2022, Lt. Col. Man Men yam. 4th Army Corps of Engineers Commanded by Lt. Col. Anucha Srisamrong Deputy Director 4 Lt. Col. Papan Butdeekhan, 4th Lt. Col. Lead Investigation Unit 2 The arrest warrant was issued at House No. 370 M.3. Pongpa District, Mae Sai District Chiang Rai arrested Mr. Sat Nongnuch, age 34, no. 318 Moo 3. Pongpa District, Mae Sai District Chiang Rai was charged with "aiding, concealing or assisting in any way to illegal aliens in order to escape arrest." JUL65 3rd Army Corps Pha Muang forces together with security forces Mae Sai police arrested 12 illegal migrant smugglers, 7 men and 5 women, sitting in a gray Isuzu pickup truck, registration Number 4105 Chiang Rai, driven by Mr. Kaewchai, a Myanmar national. Golden Pagoda, Ban Pha My, Moo 6 Wiang Pang Kham Mae Sai Chiang Rai investigated. Mr. Kaewchai testified that he would drop off all Myanmar workers at a gas station in the district. Each person will be charged 14,000 baht when they arrive at the gas station. THE MEETING POINT WILL BE PICKED UP BY ANOTHER SPONSORED. Mr. Sat Nongnuch is the owner of a gray Isuzu pickup truck, registration Number 4105 Chiang Rai, and was the one who helped coordinate the smuggling of migrant workers from the beginning. There are construction workers in Wiang Chai and Mueang Chiang Rai districts to accommodate migrant workers before handing them over to their employers. Chiang Rai province has been under surveillance for more than 5 months so he can be arrested. Send an investigating officer to the Mae Sai Police Station to prosecute the case. Mr Sat denied having anything to do with smuggling migrants.
P.P.S. prepares to test more than 700 kilograms of ice, pointing out strict, concise and verifiable procedures.|"Secretary Vichai" P.P.S. lab is preparing to test more than 700 kilograms of ice, pointing out the steps from catching to burning drugs, tightening, detecting, and the Drug Code helping to destroy drugs faster at 09.00 a.m. on January 5, 2023. P.O.S. Secretary-General holds a press conference to receive 757.7 kilograms of ice from Fang Provincial Police and submit the drug test at the Institute of Academic and Drug Testing, P.O.S. Office. Thung Song Hong, Bangkok of Central Ice, all 4 cases are cases stemming from the interception of drug smuggling groups into Thailand. Border area Mon Pin District Fang, Chiang Mai During the period from November 29, 2022 to December 15, 2022, a total of 4 cases belonged to 711 ice bags with a total weight of approximately 757.7 kilograms. It is possible that they may have come from the same source and trade process. However, in the first step, it must pass a detailed examination in order to be able to confirm that it is a class 1 drug (ice) for use in court judgments, and then the data obtained from the drug test will be analyzed and created into a drug profile to support the effective implementation of drug problem solving. IN PARTICULAR, FOR METHAMPHETAMINES (AMPHETAMINES AND ICE), SPONSORED, THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE P.O.S. has revealed the process of drug testing. The delivery of narcotics to the central government for testing and incineration is strict and concise. Delivery of seized drugs to the investigating officer. The investigators took the drugs to the central testing facility. The central drug testing facility will be tested within the specified time with a report of the results of the test. The storage of the central items from the examination and the destruction of the stored drugs. Every step is not carried out by a single person, but is done by a panel of individuals who are examined at each stage. Therefore, the public is asked to trust that the operation of the authorities has been carried out correctly and ready to be investigated at every step. In the past, the medium could not be burned if the case was not finalized. As a result, some cases have been kept for more than 10 years, and the Drug Code now requires them to be destroyed immediately after examination and the board has agreed to destroy them without waiting for a court order to seize them. This reduces the retention time, which reduces the burden on the country in another way. P.P.S. He said that the information obtained from drug profile is important for many aspects of drug work, giving an idea of the chemical ingredients and physical data of the tablets. This will be useful for investigating the source of the drug. Keeping up with the changing drug situation and creating new drugs in the drug trafficking movement. Proof of the drug is also useful in the field of surveillance of precursors used in the production of drugs, where drug manufacturers have changed to escape scrutiny from the authorities as well, as in the case of sodium cyanide control. BENZYL CHLORIDE AND BENZYL CYANIDE ARE INCREASINGLY BEING USED IN DRUG PRODUCTION IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE AREA.
P.P.S. Secretary Chompao "Chuvit" seized more than 2,000 million properties "Cabinet Hao"|P.P.S. prepares to seize more than 2,000 million baht of cabinet and network assets After investigating information from various departments and Chuvit. Confirm the information provided by Chuvit. If it's a lottery ticket or a lottery, it's a straight number, helping the staff a lot at 10:00 a.m. on January 5, 2022, at the Institute of Academic and Drug Testing. Two-room field Kamphaengphet Road 6 Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the Office of the Narcotics Control Board P.P.S.) discussed the progress in the seizure of the drug network assets of Mr. Tuo Hao and the guys, saying that after earlier, the P.P.S. received information from the Ministry of Justice and from Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician, and seized assets worth more than 1,200 million baht. latest P.P.S. has examined the financial trail and other assets from various sources until it can know more than 2,000 million baht of property network, totaling more than 4,000 million baht. Prepare to inspect various properties and give the property owner the opportunity to submit documents clarifying various facts, while the information that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit has previously submitted with the P.P.S. is considered useful information for the work of the authorities. If compared with a lottery mute or lottery numbering, it is a straight number and there is a possibility of being awarded by 1 place that Mr. Chuvit has provided information. P.P.S. will check in soon. Prior to the announcement of the summary of the seizure of various assets, Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice, will give a briefing to the media.
7 dangerous new year days, 8,567 drunk driving cases|Summary of 7 dangerous days of New Year 2023, drunk driving 8,567 cases, Roi Et reigned, followed by Samut Prakan and Nonthaburi at 08.30 a.m. on January 5, 2023. Director-General of the Department of Probation According to the statistics of 1,646 cases classified as 1,575 cases of drunk driving or 95.69 percent, 6 cases of reckless driving or 0.36 percent, and 65 cases of drug driving or 3.95 percent, the cumulative 7 days (December 29, 2022 - January 4, 2023) totaled 8,923 cases classified as - 8,567 cases of drunk driving or 96.01 percent - 21 cases of reckless driving or 0.24 percent - There were 335 drug driving cases, or 3.75 percent, in the three provinces with the highest number of drunk driving cases, namely Roi Et province with 469 cases, Samut Prakan with 388 cases and Nonthaburi with 388 cases. When comparing the statistics of 7 days of drunk driving cases that entered the probation system during the New Year 2022, there were 7,868 cases compared to 8,567 cases in 2023, which showed an increase of 699 cases, or 8.88%. A total of 731 public service points, community checkpoints and checkpoints were conducted, including probation volunteers, community justice networks, probation detainees, and the public. A total of 10,606 SPONSORED Promoted Director-General of the Probation Department added that probation measures apply to all offenders who enter probation for drunk driving offences. Must pass alcohol assessment screening If found to be at high risk of alcohol addiction, they will be sent for treatment at a medical facility under the Ministry of Public Health. For offenders who are at risk of repeat offenses or have a history of repeat offenses. They must undergo intensive rehabilitation in the form of behavior modification camps for 3 consecutive days and must comply with probation conditions such as reporting to probation officers and performing social services to be aware of the effects of drunk driving, such as caring for accident victims in hospitals, preventing road accidents that cause loss to themselves and their families, and ensuring social safety.
"7 Dangerous Days, New Year 2023": 317 dead, 2,437 injured|During the New Year 2023, the death toll was 317, with "speeding" being the highest cause of accidents. There were 5 provinces with zero deaths: Narathiwat, Bueng Kan, Phang Nga, Satun and Sukhothai on January 5, 2022. The Center for Road Accident Prevention and Reduction during New Year 2023 summarized the statistics of road accidents during the New Year 2023 during the 7 days of the "New Normal, Safe Driving without Accidents" campaign, resulting in a total of 2,440 accidents, 2,437 injuries, and 317 deaths. The Provincial Coordinating Council continuously integrates road safety by directing the province to take lessons learned. Review and analyze road accident statistics to determine measures and guidelines to prevent and solve road accidents during the festive season and holiday period through the mechanisms of the Road Safety Administration Center at all levels. Born som Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior As Chairman of the Ad Hoc Subcommittee Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation Center throughout the year According to the Center for Road Accident Prevention and Mitigation during the New Year 2023 by the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation and the cooperation of network agencies, the road accident statistics were compiled on January 4, 2023, the last day of the "New Normal, Safe Driving without Accidents" campaign, resulting in 241 accidents, 253 injuries, and 25 deaths. 24.48% of the vehicles involved in the accident were motorcycles, 80.24% were on direct routes. 85.06% of roads and highways 48.96% of roads in AOT/villages 24.48% of accidents occurred during 16.01-17.00 hrs. 8.71% of the highest number of injuries and deaths were in the age range of 40-49 years 16.19% 1,880 main checkpoints were set up, 55,749 operators called to inspect 327,401 vehicles, 49,072 people were prosecuted. There were a total of 2,440 accidents, 2,437 injuries, and 317 deaths. The provinces with the highest cumulative casualties were Kanchanaburi (81), Chiang Rai (15), and Narathiwat, Bueng Kan, Phang Nga, Satun and Sukhothai. The Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior said that the operation to prevent and reduce road accidents during the New Year 2023 has a number of accidents. The number of injured and the number of casualties decreased. Compared to the statistics during the past three years, the main causes of road accidents are still caused by drinking and driving, speeding and not using safety equipment. More than 70% of those injured and killed in motorcycle accidents are at risk of not wearing a helmet. Review and analyze road accident statistics, as well as identify obstacles and success factors in reducing road accidents, in order to formulate measures and guidelines to prevent and solve road accidents during the festive season and holiday period through the mechanisms of the Road Safety Administration Center at all levels. In particular, the law is strictly enforced to curb risky drinking and driving behaviors, speeding and not wearing helmets, along with raising road safety awareness seriously and continuously, as well as encouraging all sectors to participate in the prevention and reduction of road accidents. To create a culture of road safety in Thai society. However, although the implementation of road accident prevention and mitigation during The New Year 2023, the 7-day intensive control period of the campaign has ended, all relevant agencies and network partners must continue to work together to drive road safety. To ensure that people travel safely throughout the year. We would like to thank all departments, volunteer networks, volunteer groups and staff for their dedication, sacrifice and participation in facilitating and ensuring the safety of the people on the journey. Director-General, Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation As Secretary of the Road Safety Directorate expose Road Safety Administration Center with the cooperation of the Ministry of Interior and related agencies It will coordinate all departments to bring statistics on road accidents. Problems from operations Let's analyze Improve road accident prevention and mitigation guidelines to guide and direct road safety. It aims to increase the efficiency of road accident management along with reducing the risk factors of road accidents in all dimensions. To minimize losses from road accidents as much as possible.
"Somsak" smashes the table, tightens the knots of the Department of Corrections, plugs the loopholes. After "Prasit" escapes|"Somsak" smashes the table, tightens the knots of the Department of Corrections, plugs the loopholes. After "Prasit" escapes The Director-General must know his duties. Order weekly meetings Responding to the issue quickly, he revealed that he could not wait 30 days for the correctional institution to take the exam for 4 months. Meanwhile, the "Permanent Secretary of Justice" immediately responded after the incident. The report just reached the table this morning at 10.00 a.m. on January 5, 2023. Mrs. Pongsawat Guyarunsut, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Justice Mr. Sahakarn Petchanarin Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Justice, Mr. Ayutthaya Sindapaphan Director General of the Department of Corrections Mr. Somsak said that the trip came today because the society had many questions about the functioning of the Department of Corrections, especially in the case of Mr. Prasit Jiao kok. Trying to escape the custody of Department of Corrections officials while in court, the society noted the lax measures that led Prasit to plan his escape. It is the duty of the Department of Corrections to take care of it rigorously and to pay attention to its own work. The prison commissioner, or the director general of the Department of Corrections, who is interested in his duties, said administrators and officials must regularly monitor the route of removal of inmates to court. To check if there is anything lax or not, to find a preventive solution, which is not to walk the path at all, will cause gaps and problems followed. Even if it is brought back. But society will immediately question the measures taken by the Department of Corrections, which must be tightened at all positions. In 143 prisons nationwide, "The commander of every prison must try to perform all positions in the prison in order to know the real problem at the time of the incident so that he can understand and be able to clarify the society directly to the question, not press the news, but cannot answer the question clearly. The Justice Minister, Mr Somsak, said that in the event of an escape incident that the society was interested in. It needs to be clarified sooner, because when clarification is slow and unclear, it will be taken by politicians. Ongoing pressure like today's news Mr. Tan, Mr. Chittsri, also came out to expedite the investigation because he was disappointed with the correctional officer's clarification. Adults in the government are also concerned. THE DIRECTOR-GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS MUST HAVE A FOLLOW-UP MEETING AND WHOEVER MISSES THE MEETING MUST CLARIFY, OTHERWISE IT WILL NOT CATCH UP WITH SOCIETY BECAUSE THE MATTER FROM DECEMBER 22, 2022 UNTIL today is still unclear until he has to set up another set of examination committees within 30 days because he cannot wait for the correctional institution to check for 120 days. Therefore, he had to reduce the inspection process in order to keep up with the needs of society, including when the incident occurred, he had to report to the supervisor because since the incident on December 22, 2022, but he received a written report to his desk this morning, dated January 3, 2023, which is considered very slow. It is unlikely to be left to the Permanent Secretary. Must know from the press. Therefore, no matter what happens, an incident must be reported urgently in order to help solve the problem comprehensively.
Alarm claims the company is giving out prizes, load the remote app, one click to lose money.|Deputy Spokesperson Warning New Pearl claimed the company was giving out prizes, finally loading the remote app. Long distance phone control One-click loss of money and credit card debt on January 5, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Office Lt. Col. Ying Napawan Panya, deputy spokesperson, revealed that in the case of a victim who was sent a message "Thank you for using the service, I will give you 1 free coupon" according to the link sent by the victim. The villain asked to install the application. Then type your first name, last name, English and phone number. The villain told him to wait, not to hang up. Later, it turned out that all the money was missing. The culprit also pressed money from a credit card, which was linked to an online banking application, losing more than 200,000 baht, the deputy spokesman said. If fooled, it will trick you into installing an application that can control the remote mobile. Usually there are a few steps to it. Might the villain tell us to fill in a set of numbers or letters? The villain then tricked us into asking for that set of numbers. When a villain gets a certain code or number from our machine. The villain will immediately apply the code to control our machine. It can be used to force everything, it is like owning a machine. The villain then asks to change the code to the account by himself because there is an OTP number sent from the bank to the victim's phone, but the villain can see it on the villain's own screen and will transfer the money to the target account by himself. THERE IS NO NEED FOR THE VICTIM TO TRANSFER MONEY AS IN THE OLD WAY, CAUSING THE VICTIM TO LOSE MONEY OUT OF THE SPONSORED ACCOUNT, SAID LT. COL. YING NAPAWAN, SO HE ASKED FOR PUBLICITY. How to protect yourself against online thieves in a variety of ways In this case, it can be prevented by 1. Be mindful. Carefully check the received messages. If any officer or agency contacts or presents itself in any matter, always call the central number of the referred agency.2. Do not link to or install apps that do not know where they came from, nor provide any personal information when answering calls from unknown sources.3. In case of having a message with a code number, the phone phone does not know where it came from. Do not publish to others4. If you accidentally click on the install link for the foreign app, delete or reset the device immediately.5. If the phone screen freezes, as noted above, you must immediately cut off the internet network phone signal, such as turning it off (if possible) or removing the secondary SIM. The spokesman said Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister Instruct the Royal Thai Police to expedite the suppression of technological crimes as well as to immunize people from becoming victims. Especially call center gangs are always looking for new ways to deceive the public, so they have instructed the Royal Thai Police to urgently crack down and find a way to prevent it. At present, the PCT center has a public alert. There are a total of 18 ways to cheat criminals, and if you suspect that you are a victim, you can consult the hotline. 1441 or PCT Center 081-8663000 Victims can report the scam online at www.thaipoliceonline.com website and can follow the scam publicity pattern at pctpr.police.go.th
Catch the bailiff. Huay Khot-Till Forest Department plans to burn electricity poles at Uthai Thani|Big Joke Fly Express leads the arrest team. Bailiff and Huay Khot Forest Officer Uthai Thani After colluding to hire Wan to burn down a damaged electrical pole, the contractor was damaged. Recently, the bailiff also fled. The police are following up with the prosecution at Huay Khot Police Station during 19-20 May 2022. The mob set fire to 28 lighting poles in the area of Huai Chang-Khu Khot Road. Huay Khot The area of responsibility of Huaykot Police Station, Uthai Thani Province, as already presented by the media and social media, is such a case. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, signed an order appointing a team of investigators to investigate. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, is in charge of overseeing the investigation closely as it is a case that has caused fear among the people in the area. There were 9 other similar cases in 7 areas and 2 provinces with similar circumstances. It may be caused by business conflicts, related to local auctions, and may be perceived by influential people in the area of wrongdoing. Pol. Gen. Surachet therefore instructed Maj. Gen. Khmerin Phisamai, Director of The Royal Thai Army, Lt. Col. Sakya Saengwan, 3rd Lt. Col. Sakya Saengwan, along with a team of investigators, to follow the order. Sq. No. 587/2565 gathered detailed evidence and expedited the investigation to find the culprit to punish as soon as possible from the investigation. On June 7, 2022, Mr. Anucha or Beam (surname reserved), aged 19, came to surrender to the Huay Khot Police Department and confessed to being the sole perpetrator of the arson attack on the lighting pole. The investigating officer then informed the accused Mr. Anucha or Beam that he had committed the offence of "arson, burning other people's property, causing loss of property". Therefore, an expanded investigation was conducted to make it known that the circumstances under which Mr. Anucha or Beam confessed to the Huay Khot Police Department. That is not true. This led to the collection of additional relevant evidence and the application to the Criminal Court. For further approval of the arrest warrant for the accused who has participated in the crime, namely: 1. Mr. Surasi Silapiwat or Permanent Cat or P.Cat, 45 years old, Bailiff of Huay Khot District according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 1/2566 dated 2 January 2019. According to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 2/2566 dated 2 January 2023. "Jointly set fire to other people's property, jointly spoil property and brothel robbers", later on 3 January 2023. A team of investigators accompanied by police officers Huaykot Police Station Uthai Thani police arrested him. Mr. Wirat or Thom Chantan, 34 years old, accused according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 2/2023 dated 2 January 2023. He was arrested at a welfare store. Huai Khot Forest Park Huay Khot Mr. Surasi Silapiwat, or P.Cat, has fled and is under investigation and arrested for prosecution. As for the other accused who committed the offences, the investigation will be extended and the arrest will be completed for further prosecution, Pol. Gen. Surachet said. This creates fear among individuals and people in the area, which is ongoing and has not been able to arrest the perpetrators. After instructing the investigating officers to go to the area to find information and gather evidence until the facts can be revealed. Instead, the perpetrators are government officials. We are currently monitoring and arresting the accused for prosecution and will expedite further investigations into whether anyone else is involved. If found involved, the case will be prosecuted to the fullest extent, and will be extended to other related cases in Uthai Thani and Nakhon Sawan provinces as well.
DSI called Not. Lottery Plus Division Witness examination: 42 million money laundering gangs|DSI Open Circumstance Not Lottery Plus Division More than 42 million baht from money laundering gangs was found to have flowed directly into Yan's account, not politics, the reason for which yan extended since December 10, 2022, Yan called to testify as a witness in the case that the Department of Special Investigation or "DSI" issued a summons to the management of "Lottery Plus Division" to testify. It appears that one of the recipients of tens of millions of baht from this movement group is the management of "Lottery Plus Division", which is why a summons was issued to clarify the receipt of such funds. Meanwhile, Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut, or "Not Lottery Plus", posted a message on his personal Facebook page saying that he was ready to clarify with DSI as the news was progressing at 1:00 p.m. on Jan. 5, 2023. Department of Special Investigation According to the summons, Confirm that it is a subpoena for lottery plus executives to testify as witnesses and still has the original schedule, which is January 13, 2023. At approximately 10.00 a.m., if Mr. Panthawat wants to meet early, he can inform the telephone number of the Special Investigation Officer as specified in the summons. However, the Department of Special Investigation has not received any changes to the schedule from Panthawat. Stating the circumstances of the receipt of the said money that led to the issuance of a subpoena as a witness, the DSI said that since the DSI had expanded its investigation to find the money laundering group, according to the news. It appears that the financial path of this movement has been linked to Panthawat. More than 42 million baht (at But DSI insists that we provide fairness so that Mr. Panthawat has prepared various documents to clarify the origin of this tens of millions of baht to the special investigators, and if it is useful or has credible facts, it will be fair because Mr. Panthawat is currently in the position of a witness of the Drug Crime Center Working Group. The investigating officer will inform you of the purpose of issuing the summons. Explain the facts based on the evidence gathered and ask the person about some issues, such as asking them to clarify which group of customers the money belongs to. Because according to the principles of doing business. The management must know his own consumer group in order to return to collect documents such as historical savings statements or important documents to be presented to the special investigation officer again within a time frame of 15 days or as requested by such person. In addition, the DSI by the Narcotics Case Center issued subpoenas to another group of 7 witnesses, not only Mr. Panthawat, and did not call everyone at the same time, but called according to priority first, in order to use the results of the interrogation as a guideline for issuing subpoenas to other individuals. Later, when asked about the charges that the society viewed as an order from the Prime Minister, he called the DSI to accept the children. Drug Case Center Working Group He explained that the working group had been expanding its involvement in money laundering since Dec. 10, 2022, and was unable to know who was linked to it, so the investigation was extended, not political, and was not targeted at the Lottery Plus Division alone. But it was because of the expansion of the case that the financial path of a key money laundering leader at DSI had been arrested earlier. There is a direct link to Mr. Panthawat", confident in the evidence that has been investigated. Until the person is found to be irresponsible. The irregular trade, including the tens of millions of baht that went into his account, came from dishonest groups such as money laundering. Therefore, he must be invited to testify as a witness." Drug Case Center Working Group Specify this. The Special Investigation Officer also had to investigate further whether the money was transferred out of the person's savings account to other persons. However, it was also found that money from the lottery management's account was entered into the account of one of the most famous and well-known figures in the society.
Big in-laws, small in-laws, extinguishes. Carrying a surrendering gun. The dead man's wife declared, Gu did not forgive Mung.|The big brother-in-law pulled the trigger, killed the small in-law with a cap gun, and then rode with the gun to the shelter. He claimed to have been offended by several things, bowing to his father-in-law to apologize, while his wife-in-law made a statement. Gu did not forgive me at 1:00 p.m. on Jan. 5. Investigating Officer, Stargazing Police Stargazing Suddenly, there was a man known by the name of Mr. Supoj Buasri, 50 years old, living at house no. 187 M. 3 T. Shining Dao. Stargazing Sakon Nakhon, riding a Honda Wave 100 in pig's blood, registration Kg. 6015, Sakon Nakhon, parked in front of the Police Station and walked with a long gun to the hotel to come in and request to surrender. He used the firearm to shoot Mr. Songchai Laphan, 48, at 262 Moo 3. The star-studded son-in-law died. The incident occurred on Soi Rim Klong Irrigation Road. M.3After being handed over to the grand son-in-law, he reported to Pol. Col. Payungsak Namwan, deputy chief of police of Sakon Nakhon Province, then jointly investigated the scene. Forensic officers and rescuers The deceased was found wearing jeans. Lying on his back in the middle of Din Daeng Road, where the back plate under the top left has a bullet hole the size of the tip of the little finger to the left chest, he has been dead for at least 1 hour. The first story was about the land purchased from the small in-laws of 10 rai, but when the officials came to the temple, they found that there were only 8 rai. Another story a few days ago about his cows going to damage his small son-in-law's car. The 4,000 baht hitter, the big brother-in-law did not pay, so the small son-in-law went to report the prosecution. On the day of the incident, Mr. Supoj saw the small brother-in-law riding through the front of the house, so he ran in and took the gun and shot until the car fell. When I got conscious, I ran in and carried my little in-laws. But he couldn't hold it, so he decided to ride, and he was ready to surrender his gun. READY TO SAY THAT THE ANGER IT HAS ACCUMULATED FOR A LONG TIME AND THEN SAID NOTHING MORE. Pol. Col. Payungsak brought Mr. Supoj Buasri. The accused went to make a plan to make a confession from beginning to end and bowed to Mr. Boonta Chammee, 74 years old, his father-in-law apologized and said that he was wrong. This time, the incident was probably caused by a brother-in-law's cow kicking a car and causing damage. The brother-in-law refused to admit it until the car's front camera was taken to the police for consultation. The police pointed out that it was wrong, so they took revenge and then caused the incident. Mr. Supoj's father-in-law, and also Mr. Songchai's father-in-law, said he was sorry for what had happened to the family. Despite being a real sibling, Mr. Supoj's wife, Mrs. Omsin Chammee, 49 years old, is the eldest daughter. I don't know where to go now.
"Big Tou" Chuvit opens a hot topic, chops up the prosecutor-general.|"Hyashu" Opening press conference holding lanterns and handing out candles The police-prosecutor sits on a candle making expressions. If the score is out of ten. The director of the police department was negative-the prosecutor got half-P.P.S.-DSI was almost full. Before the end, also leave the buoy. Hundreds of tour buses understood by the locals belonged to the "Hao Cabinet", actually belonging to the Lan "Big Tu" company. "Jinling" of gray Chinese business group, more than 2 billion baht In the Bangkok-metropolitan area, while "Big Hin" Chairman of Scrutiny Call a meeting to prepare to invite "Hyashu" to clarify at the Institute of Academic and Drug Testing. P.P.S. At 10.00 a.m. on January 5, Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol P.P.S. Secretary Discusses the progress of seizure of drug networks, entertainment venues. "Jin Ling" of the Chinese business group grayed out. P.P.S. Received information from the Ministry of Justice and Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit until the seizure of more than 1,200 million baht of assets. Check data More than 2,000 million baht of financial and other assets have been found. The properties detected are movable property and real estate, mainly in the Bangkok-Metropolitan area. Prepare to inspect various properties and give the property owner the opportunity to file a statement of facts"The information that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit submitted to the P.P.S. earlier is considered useful information for the work of the authorities. If compared with the lottery mute, it is considered to give a direct number, there is a possibility of being rewarded. The P.P.S. will inspect it shortly before making a summary of all the seizure information. MR. VICHAI ADDRESSED THE CENTRAL INVESTIGATION COMMAND (C) MEETING ROOM, MAJ. GEN. WISNU PRASATTHONG OSOTH, SGT. Chairman of the Scrutiny Committee Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Director general Lt. Gen. Poth Suaysuwan Police Sergeant (8) Lt. Gen. Santi Chainiramai Police Sergeant (8) Pol. Maj. Gen. Suwat Saengsoon, Deputy Chief of Police Pol. Maj. Gen. Chanveer Chamaruk, Deputy Chief of Police (SOB 7), Maj. Gen. Ophas Kongmuang 6th Lieutenant Governor Pol. Maj. Gen. Montree Tetkhan, The Chief of Police, and a committee of 15 officers called a meeting in accordance with The Royal Thai Police Order No. 2/2566 dated January 3, 2023, in which Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Director General of the Royal Thai Police, signed a resolution to investigate the case of the arrest of entertainment venues. "Jinling" Yannawa District It was reported that the committee had attended the meeting to formulate guidelines for fact-checking. It was resolved to invite Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit to give information to the Board of Directors on January 9, 2023 at 2.00 p.m. at the Police Sergeant's Office. It also discussed the guidelines for investigating the metropolitan police's handling of the case. The concerned persons must be invited to provide information to the Committee within 1 week, it was reported earlier at 03.00 a.m. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Post messages and clips on your personal Facebook page. It was concluded that the overdose at Jinling was the next closed circuit picture. There was a Chinese overdose, which the French called OD carrying in first aid. I didn't survive, so my wife nearly died. I had to carry my wings and walk out to rest. Tomorrow, 2 p.m., I have a press conference. I launched a witness who found the transfer of money from China to Thailand, carrying cash from the bank at a time of 20-30 million. These witnesses helped prosecutors tighten up the case. Don't think I'm looking for witnesses. Everyone came to me, instead of the team. With a short but heartfelt answer that "I don't trust the police", and also by giving a detailed description of the CCTV camera at "Jin Ling" with the same evidence, the society can see what has been obsessed and will decide among themselves at The Davis Bangkok Hotel, Soi Sukhumvit 24 at 2.00 pm. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Open a press release on the evidence in this case. He opened the speech with a lamp and said that the city is in darkness and hopeless, with no leader in providing justice. The police chief and the prosecutor sat on candles to make a statement, even though the evidence was not strong and weak. At a press conference on Jan. 4, when asked about the case in which "Long Zhuo" was dismissed, he didn't say a full word. Let's leave the candles to you. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff, Mr. Kulthanit Mongkolsawat Director of Public Prosecutions Office of Investigation Mr. Kosolawat Intuchanyong The deputy spokesman of the Attorney General's Office went to a different person because he was sitting on a candle, in case the candles would run out because he saw that he was working day and night. The prosecution of evidence that suggests there is enough or the release of the central vehicle, including the release of a Chinese man standing in the casino, appears in a closed-circuit clip I published on Facebook. As for the charges against the deputy. P.W.6 Receiving benefits I would like to ask if I have interrogated the beneficiary, a Chinese woman who is carrying a paper bag with 600,000 baht. Mr. Chuvit also explained the layout of the entertainment venue "Jinling", which includes both leela and whipping buildings, some of which have been converted into gambling houses, and there are hundreds of CCTV cameras. Cctv cameras were found to have been edited. Police only had CCTV footage between October 21-26, 2022, but previously between October 18-19, 2022, it had been removed. This kind of rhetoric, also known as complete, has essentially disappeared from the building's servers because it can lead to charges of illegal gambling and some corners depicting employees filling in white powder. "I asked the police and the prosecutor if anyone had ever been to the crime scene and how to tell them how to write the expression. It's sloppy to say who can get to the scene, but going to the crime scene gives more evidence. Upon further search, we found a car that had not yet been searched. They found traces of drugs in wooden trays. In fact, I had to go to the police exam and I had to set up a choo to take all the police exams because there was convincing evidence that there was a mutual aid of the officers and I would follow the case all the way to court," Mr. Chuvit said. Mr. Chuvit launched two groups of witnesses: the contractor witnesses for whom Mr. Du Hao owed nearly 100 million baht in wages and the acronym witnesses. P.P. who goes to cash withdrawal according to the order of 20-30 million baht per day at Bangkok Bank Ladkrabang branch. It states that all the money comes from China. The two groups of witnesses launched by Mr. Chuvit were: Mr. Chuvit also stated that Mr. Tuo Hao had money to buy Rolls-Royce cars but did not pay the contractor, and that there were more than 400-500 tour buses of a company that many people understood to be The Company's Company. The other belongs to the grandchildren. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister There's no doubt why the matter has stopped and existed when a reporter asked how the score of the prosecution officer would be assessed. Mr. Chuvit replied that for the Director, he took it to zero points out of ten. In spite of the fact that he really wants to be negative as well, because let the main accused escape. Let go of Mr. Duo's grandchildren. Release the car of the middle. Let go of all the witnesses. The director is not a professional but an amateur. The prosecutor took 5 points because there was a prosecutor named S. who spoke sloppyly. He gave 9 points because the P.P.S. Work hard, chase and seize property well. DSI also received 9 points.
Methamphetamine slaves are crazy. Set fire to 3 houses, neighbors take matters to the extreme.|Young drug slave frantically Rampage burned down his own house and spread to 3 neighboring houses before riding away. The victim's neighbors took matters into their own hands. Police rushed to gather evidence and asked the court to issue an arrest warrant for the case at 4:30 p.m. on Jan. 5, 2023. Lieutenant Colonel Kirasak Wasinghan, Deputy Senator (Investigation) The Central Police Department received a report of a fire in people's houses. Moo 4, Ban Phak, Klang Yai Subdistrict, Ban Phue District, Udon Thani Province, therefore went to check with Mr. Jaroon Buhiran. Sheriff of Ban Phue, Municipal Fire Truck, Central Yai Municipality and Municipality A total of 13 vehicles, including volunteers from Udon Sawang Metha Thammasat Foundation, volunteers from The Dhamma Foundation, Ban Phue Service Point and Ban Phue Highway Rescue found the fire burning. One house, which is a 2-storey, half-cement, half-timbered house, owned by Mr. Breen Kanthi, 56 years old, the flames are rapidly burning the 2-storey house and spreading to 2 neighboring houses. A total of 3 houses were damaged by the investigation. Mr. Somboon Narai, 56, said that his house was in front of the house where the arsonist was Mr. Chaiwat Kanthi, 24, who is the son of the owner of the house of the fireman. previously Mr. Chaiwat He used to take methamphetamine and went on a rampage, attacked people in the house, used to take it to therapy, then came back to use drugs, and set fire to things inside the house, but someone came to help extinguish it in time. Before the incident this morning. Mr. Chaiwat took methamphetamine and had a mania. Rampage against father and grandmother, until both of them had to retreat to another place. Mr. Chaiwat set fire to items inside the house and drove away on a motorcycle. This time, there was no one to help extinguish it, so the fire burned quickly. He informed the authorities to help extinguish the fire, so the fire burned and spread to burn his house and 3 damaged neighbors, he will prosecute Mr. Chaiwat to the end because this time his house was completely destroyed by the fire. At the time of the incident, he went out to the garden. Then someone came to say that the house was on fire, so I came back and looked at it. He found his wife still in the house, so he took his wife away from the house because the fire was burning quickly. This time, the property in the house was completely burned down, leaving nothing to do either. The police will expedite the investigation of individual witnesses to gather evidence and seek the court's approval to issue an arrest warrant. Mr. Chaiwat, who was identified as the arsonist of his own house, spread to burn down 3 neighboring houses in order to arrest him for further legal proceedings.
PoEse joins hands with Korean copyright agency - famous game producer Purging bootleg servers|The POLICE, in collaboration with the Korean Copyright Authority and the game manufacturer Point Blank, jointly cleared the contraband servers that were opened in Thailand on January 6, 2022. Lt. Col. Kraiwit Saentaweesuk 1st Lieutenant Colonel Representatives from the Department of Intellectual Property and representatives from Korea Copyright Protection Agency (KCOPA) discussed ways to cooperate in solving point blank game bootleg servers and cracking down on game piracy in Thailand. Point Blank is a popular game with over 100 million players worldwide and is available in more than 50 countries. It has a huge impact and damage to the gaming industry. Therefore, Sepetto (Thailand) Co., Ltd., authorized by Sepetto Co., Ltd. in Korea, shall be solely in charge of the management in Thailand. Therefore, various evidence was gathered and handed over to the police officers to help investigate and prosecute the operators of such contraband servers. Two servers have been suspended so far and are in the process of expanding further. The partnership is the first case in which a private company cooperates with the Korean government and the Thai government. Take dealing with bootleg servers, online games, seriously.
"Director General of DSI" leans tens of millions of gray money into the account of "Not Lottery Plus".|"Director General of DSI" leans tens of millions from money laundering directly into "Not Lottery Plus" account. He said the knot remains innocent, waiting for the filing of documents on January 13, yam called several online lotteries - asked for time to check the money route in case of the Department of Special Investigation or "DSI" issued a summons to Mr. Panthawat. Nakvisut or Not Lottery Plus Division The chief executive officer of Online Lottery Co., Ltd. testified because a major money laundering group had been arrested earlier. It appears that one of the recipients of tens of millions of baht from this movement group is the management of "Lottery Plus Division", which is why a summons has to be issued to clarify the receipt of such funds. Jan. 13, 2023 at 10 a.m., last reported at 1 p.m. on Jan. 6 at the Drug Case Center. Department of Special Investigation, Government Building A, 2nd Floor, Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok, Personal Lawyer (Lawyer Leng) of Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut or Not Lottery Plus Division Visit the Narcotics Center's investigators to obtain information about the subpoena. Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong The Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation met and spoke with Mr. Traiyarit's lawyer. Speaking ahead of a meeting with Mr Panthawat's lawyer, Mr Panthawat said today: The Lottery Plus Division came to receive information, issue summonses and investigate issues for fairness. The documents are expected to be presented as witnesses on Jan. 13. Initially, the DSI had evidence to issue the summons because, by extension, on December 10, 2021, it was found that one of the key accused in the money laundering movement was drug-related. DSI has arrested for "money laundering" for online gambling offences. Tens of millions of baht were transferred directly into Panthawat's bank account, which was gray money. HOWEVER, THE MOVEMENT DID NOT TRANSFER MONEY TO Mr. Panthawat's account only, but transferred money to other businesses with sponsored, Mr. Traiyarit said that the subpoena was issued as a witness. To inquire about the connection with Panthawat, but to wait for the interrogation to be discussed first. To get details of how these 7 people know each other. Whether or not mr. Traiyarit is involved in the lottery plus business, Mr. Traiyarit confirmed that the Department of Special Investigation has clear evidence. Because it was extended before the New Year, but at that moment we had to wait for some results. Wait for the financial route from the bank as well. When this evidence emerged, he wanted Mr. Panthawat to come in and clarify the receipt of the said money. If the statement is completed and the documentary evidence is clarified and found guilty, the accused will be informed according to the procedure of the investigating officer, but he is still innocent. The DSI must also call the person for interrogation. Other relevant persons must also be called for interrogation. And it must be clarified why the money was brought to the Lottery Plus Division when asked if other online lottery summonses will also be issued. Mr. Traiyarit said there will definitely be others to follow, but the number cannot be determined. Later, at 2 p.m., Panthawat's lawyer came out of the drug case center room. The reporter asked if the documents had been prepared and informed Mr Knott that on January 13 he would have to meet the DSI. The lawyer briefly stated that he had to wait for the summons because he had not responded, had to have a summons, and also refused to ask permission from the press. It is not convenient to record the photo before returning immediately.
Knifeman stabbed Mr. Dab, claiming to be angry at the drugged child. No drug or drunk drug detection detected|Young knifeman stabbing child He opened his mouth to plead guilty, and he thought the deceased had drugged himself with diarrhea. Police charged with intentional homicide, revealing no alcohol or drug test results from the case on January 6, 2023 at 08.00 a.m. Nong Kaeo Subdistrict Nong Kaeo Subdistrict, Mueang District, Roi Et Province, therefore, checked and rescued. Nongkaew Rescue Service Roi Et Hospital reached the scene of the accident at the front door of the school. A six-wheeled student shuttle vehicle was found parked. Two 14-year-old girls were found stabbed in the body and injured. Severe symptoms, unconsciousness There was 1 stab wound to the neck and 2 wounds to the chest. Rushed to Roi Et Hospital It was later known. A 14-year-old girl was killed when villagers surrounded her. Mr. Preecha Vichaisorn, 37 years old, villager Nong Kaew subdistrict, Muang district, Roi Et province, armed with a kitchen knife about 30 centimeters long, including a handle. Blood stains were found on the knife area, so the officers kept it as evidence, detained the perpetrator with a knife, and sent the investigating officer, Muang Roi Et Police Station, to investigate further. THE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS WERE LAST UPDATED AT 1:00 P.M. ON JAN. 6, 2023. Lt. Col. Sirasan Yeunsanguanchai, Deputy Chief of Staff, Roi Et Police Department, Lt. Col. Sudjit Srisiri The Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Muang Roi Et Police Station, Lt. Col. Boonsuan Chainam-Om, The Police Commissioner of Roi Et City, brought the perpetrator, Mr. Preecha, for further interrogation, the accused testified that yesterday morning (January 5) while he was sitting in front of the house wiping the face of the (entering the chicken water) in front of the house, he suddenly heard a voice saying that the deceased said "Give him the red dog medicine to eat". This morning (Jan. 6), he rode a motorcycle with a kitchen knife in his house. Driving the student shuttle bus where the deceased was sitting until he reached the front of the school where the student was about to get out of the car, attacked and stabbed the deceased before dragging him out of the car, straddled and stabbed again until the deceased was lying still. It was not intentional, but because of Tosa, who thought that the deceased had drugged him with a red dog and caused diarrhea, he decided to take action." The accused initially said. The police detained the perpetrators. Alcohol and drug testing No alcohol was found and no drugs were found in the body, so he was charged with intentionally killing another person, carrying a knife in a town, village or public way. After this, the accused will be sent for further examination at Roi Et Hospital if the doctor determines that he is not a patient. Additional charges will be filed at a later date. The detention proceeded with legal proceedings.
Ordered to close for 5 years "The Phoenix", a pub as Mae Jo, repeatedly wrong. Let the child use the service.|Chiang Mai's governor signs an order to close "The Phoenix", a popular pub in Mae Jo After breaking the law and opening a service facility without permission. The sale of alcoholic beverages exceeds the deadline and allows people under twenty years of age to use the service according to the Order of the Head of the National Council for Peace and Order No. 22/2558 on January 6, 2022. Signed Chiang Mai Provincial Order No. 2 /2566 ordering the closure of "The Phoenix" establishment no. 999 Moo 5, Nong Han Subdistrict, San Sai District, Chiang Mai province for 5 years from January 4, 2023 to January 4, 2028. This morning (January 6) Mr. Siva Thamikanon Sheriff San Sai assigned to Mr. Nat Khunanuwatchaidej The bailiff of the security department, along with administrative and police officers. Maejo Police Station Bring a letter of order in Chiang Mai province to inform the restaurant of the order to close the entertainment venue. On August 9, 2022, at approximately 1:00 a.m., the Police Anti-Trafficking Division (TRAFFICKING) was arrested. The Central Bureau of Investigation in cooperation with the police Maejo Police Station A search of The Phoenix revealed that colored liquor was sold to persons under twenty years of age and that the sale of alcoholic beverages exceeded the statutory limit. There is no id card check for visitors, allowing people under twenty years of age to use the service. A total of 12 people arrested Ms. Supanna Khumrak, 39, the owner and shopkeeper. He is accused of operating a facility without permission, selling alcohol to persons under the age of 20,  The offence is a violation of the Order of the Head of the National Council for Peace and Order No. 22/2558 dated 22 July 2015, Clause 4 (1) Consent or neglect to persons under twenty years of age (2) Sell alcoholic beverages to persons under twenty years of age (3) Open beyond the time prescribed by law, which causes the Governor of Chiang Mai to consider ordering the closure and prohibiting the reopening of service establishments or establishments in such premises for five years. The officers were sent to close the order. The Phoenix is a popular pub in Mae Jo community that is visited by many young tourists every day. After being arrested on August 9, 2022, a group of holidaymakers celebrated a cake and hit a nearby table and punched each other, causing injuries to the restaurant's guards. On December 12, 2022, a tourist took a video of the incident and several illegal incidents were investigated by the authorities. Previously, San Sai District had proposed to Chiang Mai Province to consider closing the order, but the shop appealed the order and made a dispute.
A 19-year-old student in Krabi I want to see a beautiful car.|Krabi City Police A 19-year-old boy steals a student's car in a dormitory and leaves his old car instead. Closed circuit footage caught until he was successfully tracked, confessed to seeing his car beautifully dressed, so he wanted to take it for use at 10.00 a.m. on January 6, 2023. Investigators arrested 19-year-old Yuttana (surname reserved), a villager in Sai Thai. He was arrested at his home without a number. Moo 6, T. Saithai, was accompanied by a red Honda Wave car, registration 1 kg 562 Krabi, which was the car that he had stolen from Punmanat dormitory. Soi Krabi 8, Krabi Road Paknam Subdistrict, Krabi Town On the morning of Jan. 4, The owner of the car is Mr. Worawut Seengam, 16 years old, a student of Krabi Technical College. He also found 5 meters of methamphetamine, detained and handed over to investigators, charged with burglary and possession of class 1 drugs (methamphetamine). Initially, he confessed that he had stolen the car because he saw that it was beautifully dressed, so he wanted to use it when the police investigated and traced the culprit from the CCTV camera, captured at the time of the incident, before finding out that he was hiding at the house. On the day of the incident, the culprit rode another blue Honda Wave. The police are investigating whether the car left behind is a stolen car.
A girl tricks her mother-in-law into demolishing an old house. The ref will issue money to replant. Finally, it's a scammer.|A bruised late man knows a girl on Facebook. Ok, dating a girlfriend, bring it home. A young woman orders her mother-in-law to demolish an old house, telling her to build a new one, and scammers trick hundreds of villagers into taking money. Millions of people have been killed in Korea since Jan. 6, 2023. Villagers from many villages, many subdistricts. More than 80 people came from other provinces to file grievances against Lt. Col. Napadol Kaewchana. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Lam plaimas police station Buriram province accused Ms. Suparat Srimek or Maprang, 24, a villager in Moo 5, Nong Kong Subdistrict, Nang Rong District, Buriram Province, of tricking her into transferring 8,000-20,000 baht for work trips to South Korea, claiming to receive a salary of at least 60,000 baht per month. A total of at least 170 people were deceived, with a damage value of approximately 1.7 million baht, said Mr. Kiatsak Hao Sung Noen, 23, a villager of Khok Lam. Lam plaimas, Buriram province The scammer's boyfriend said that about 4 months ago, he was an enlisted soldier. The Navy, based in Chonburi province, got to know Maprang on Facebook, then contacted each other until they met at an apartment in Bangkok. My mother went to live with my stepfather in South Korea, owned a strawberry farm, and then continued to be in a relationship for about 3 months. A.Lam plaimas He said that the house was as small as a kratom, and that he "didn't mind", so he brought him home with his parents. AS FOR HERSELF, SHE IS BACK TOGETHER, HAVING BEEN DISCHARGED JUST IN TIME FOR MAPRANG'S BOYFRIEND. Maprang then persuaded people in Khok Lam village and nearby villages that anyone who would work in Korea could apply for a salary of at least 60,000 baht and a fee of 8,000-20,000 baht depending on their age and ability. There is no need for a passport because the stepfather is a resident of Korea. Some people come from other provinces but do not know how many because their wives do not tell, but some villagers do not believe that they will actually go to work or not because they are afraid of being deceived Mr. Kiatsak said that then Maprang said that the mother will send money to build a house for her mother, which will be built in a modern shape, costing about 1.5-2 million baht, and ordered the father to dismantle the old house completely. My parents asked me to give an appraisal and then demolish the old house before I went to the building materials store in the district. The amount was about 120,000 baht, and then the technicians came to frame the pillars to form a clear shape of the house until the villagers began to believe that it was "real". Yansit, 45, Mr Kiatsak's mother-in-law, said after her daughter-in-law told her to demolish the house to rebuild it. I am proud to be a good, considerate person who has been with my son, and I will always say that my stepfather owns the garden. Strawberries in Korea Now it hurts more than being deceived because from having a house anyway, there is no house because it is completely dismantled, leaving only the steel pillars that have been set, and also have to owe money to the building materials store and the debt of the technicians, the debt of the shop that signed the food to feed the sponsored technicians. Mr. Sukkit Thatthong, 28 years old, villager, Ban Chaeng One of the victims said before agreeing. Relatives in Buriram persuaded him that he had a big leg to invite him to work in South Korea, so he agreed to pay a fee of 8,000 baht. Ms. Maprang tricked 60 people into going to Suvarnabhumi Airport because Maprang said her mother in Korea would fly to pick her up. As far as we know, there are about 170 victims with a total damage value of about 1.7-2 million baht.
Nong Tam A young man without 2 arms is opened on a fake page, pretending to take money from customers.|A young man without 2 arms "Nong Tam" draws a picture of a cloth bag to reduce global warming. Facebook has over 40,000 followers. Being scammed by fake page thieves to trick customers into transferring money. On January 6, 2023, reporters reported that Nong Tam or Mr. Varthana Khamin An 18-year-old known as "a little boy without two arms". He is currently in the 6th grade of Prachasongkroh Wittaya School. Bangrakam district, Phitsanulok province, which raises money to help with family expenses and scholarships to send yourself to study. By drawing with both feet. With acrylic paint on fabric bags, reduce global warming. Post for sale online on Facebook page : Varthana Khamin She has more than 40,000 followers and is a channel for customers to order fabric bags. Khamin, 51, whose mother oversees the page and queues customers who order global warming bags. The scammers opened a fake page using the page name and image like the real page, with the difference that the number of followers was only 98, and deceived customers who were fooled into ordering a global warming bag and tricked them into transferring money into their wallet accounts, until more than 20 victims were convinced and transferred money to them, but did not receive tens of thousands of baht in lost goods. He said he spent his free time after school helping his mother make money by painting a bag to reduce global warming and then posting it on his Facebook page. He has about 420,000 followers, with his mother taking care of the job queue of customers who placed orders until late last year. There were customers chatting and calling to ask why they had not received the product despite the money transfer, which was almost 20 customers, and he and his mother checked the order and balance. Therefore, he confirmed the channel of ordering and transferring money until he realized that a fraudster had opened a fake page by impersonating his picture and name to open orders for customers. The fake page only had 98 followers, and nearly 20 customers became victims due to ordering and transferring money through the fake page. He and his mother then went to report the case and posted a diary at the police station. Nongkula In order to show their innocence and to need proof that they have been scammed on facebook page and to alert customers who want to order a global warming bag, contact only one page if they are unsure, call 08-2164-5911, including various money transfer channels, either account number or PromptPay, must be the mother's name. Mrs. Dokrak Khamin Only one person will never have another account.
14-year-old daughter raped in a rented apartment in Samut Prakan |North Samrong Police Station Police arrested a buddhist monk in Samut Prakan province on a warrant for child rape. After raping his 14-year-old biological daughter in a rented room, he pleaded guilty to sexual assault on Jan. 6, 2022. Deputy Chief of Staff, Samut Prakan Province Lt. Col. Sun Simcharoen, Director, Samrong Nuea Police Department Samut Prakan Province Lt. Col. Krit Priyaket, Deputy Chief of Staff, Samrong Nuea Police Department Pol. Maj. Gen. Thanakorn Jupamatang, Senator of Samrong Nuea, together with the police investigating Samrong Nuea Police Station, arrested Phra Wiai (pseudonym) aged 42 years according to the arrest warrant of Samut Prakan Provincial Court No. 13/2566 dated January 6, 2023, accused of "committing acts against a descendant under the age of fifteen years who is not his wife or husband, with or without the consent of the child", arrested at a temple in Samut Prakan province, since on December 29, a young woman accompanied by Dr. A (pseudonym) aged 14 years came to see the investigating officer. At approximately 9:00 a.m., Dr. A, the granddaughter of the informant, was raped by his biological father, Dr. A. The incident occurred at a mansion in the area. 5.5 km Soi Dan Samrong 6, Samrong Nua PRIOR TO THE INCIDENT, DR. A HAD BEEN LIVING WITH RELATIVES ON HIS MOTHER'S SIDE, WHILE HIS MOTHER WAS WORKING ABROAD. later on After breaking up with Dr. A's mother, he went to ordain as a monk, but still kept in touch, later Phra Wiai rented a room to Dr. A and gave him 300 baht a day and often came to Dr. A regularly. Later, on the day of the incident, The Disciplinary Officer approached Dr. A in the guest room. While Dr. A was lying on his mobile phone on the couch, He used force to rape Dr. A until he had an orgasm and threatened not to tell anyone. Approved the arrest warrant for Mr. Wittaya (pseudonym) pursuant to samutprakarn provincial court arrest warrant No. 13/2566 dated January 6, 2023, accusing him of "committing acts against a descendant under the age of fifteen years who is not his wife or husband, with or without the consent of the child", and went to arrest him. He was arrested at a temple in Samut Prakan province. The accused confessed that he had actually committed the crime due to sexual arousal.
Beautiful girl until the administrative square, Rayong highway He was found dead on the beach.|Administrative Girl Rayong Highway Police Mysterious death after someone finds a dead body floating on the beach No wounds were found, the autopsy was conducted. Close people revealed. He's stressed about debt. The police continued to investigate the cause of death at 5:30 p.m. on December 6, 2023. Rayong Police Station has been notified by the Sawangporn Charitable Foundation Rescue Team in Rayong. Report that a woman's body was found lying on the beach of Mae Rumphung near the black and white stone courtyard. Moo 5, Taphong Subdistrict, Muang District, Rayong Province. Maj. Gen. Apichanan Wattanavarangkul, Director, Rayong Police Department Doctor Rayong Hospital Accompanied by The Sawangporn Charity Rayong Rescue Team to investigate the scene when they arrived at the scene. Meet locals and tourists standing on the beach. The body of a long-haired woman wearing a short-sleeved shirt with black and white stripes was found. White trousers lying face down on the sand Check the condition of the corpse. Found tattooed on the back, in the shape of flowers and English letters. No wounds were found. Before sending the autopsy body to rayong hospital mortuary, the police were informed that the deceased's car was found parked on the side of the road along the beach. The Fisheries Department bridge, about 1 kilometer from where the body was found, went to investigate, which was a white Nissan March sedan, registration Number 574 Rayong, and did not lock the car door. Checking inside the car, they found 3 hand phones, a certain amount of cash and documents of the deceased named Ms. Chean Pathumwansak or Ness, 36 years old, working in an administrative position. Rayong Highway Police Station  Later, the officers coordinated with the Highway Police Station, Rayong Province. When inquiring about the name of the deceased He was found to be an administrative officer of Rayong Highway Police Station and had been a traffic officer at Rayong Police Station several years ago. Before coordinating with relatives to know about sponsored, Mr. Rak, 32, a tourist, said that when the body was found, there was a child playing in the water in the area of Mae Rumphung Beach. It has been seen that the appearance of a corpse has come from afar. beginning Tourists think it's a bag. After that, the child stepped away and walked in to see that it was a real corpse, so he immediately informed the authorities from inquiring about his colleagues (requesting anonymity) to give information that the deceased had a supplementary occupation namely loans, having taken hundreds of thousands of baht in the money of several police officers. But lately, I have been struggling to collect money. Therefore, it causes stress. Dr. Apichanan said that from the preliminary autopsy, the doctor informed that the cause of death was asphyxiation, drowning, and had been dead for 3-5 hours. And colleagues before concluding the root cause.
Enter the secret information for Chuvit. p.1 Dance exam Deputy Director The Prime Minister pungently linked to "grandchildren"|In fact, salt is a worm, "Big Zhao" ordered the committee to be set up to investigate the deputy director of the lodge in the company, damaging the picture of the "Jin Ling" case. After comparing the clip that Chuvit posted unfolding with the picture that the deputy director is responsible for copying the information. While "Big Tou" swung at the media, he was asked to knot "Chuvit" to the prime minister's nephew's business, linking the car rental business to Hao, "I am not hostile to you. I'm trying not to get frustrated anyway, do you understand?" Sia is bulging again, the process of dropping the case has a prosecutor "Ch" Sai Tao set up a clearing office in the massage parlor for the general. "E" has been lobbying in the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former owner of a service facility and a famous former politician, to expose the Chinese Tao business route led by Tu Hao or Mr. Chainat Kornchayanan, and send a signal of distrust of the work of Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng. Daily Director The post unfolded inside Jinling Pub, which used to be a gambling house a month before being raided by the police, as well as several other footage. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, ordered the NCPO to investigate the facts. Not only that, Mr. Chuvit also swung at. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and Defense Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said the hundreds of tour buses that anyone thought belonged to the Hao Box were actually owned by Lan Company. Prayuth's latest appearance at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters on Jan. 6 reported that Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng was arrested. The Director-General has ordered the establishment of a fact-checking committee. In the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Information in the Jinling case related to the financial trail and CCTV footage of the crime scene in Jinling Pub. The investigation revealed that part of the information was evidence in the leaked idiom because salt is a worm. There was one policeman in charge of copying the information. It matched the data charging pad that Mr. Chuvit brought to the press conference. Initially, the clues were known. Deputy Chief of Police HE ORDERED A COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE THE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE POLICE OFFICERS FOR BEING PART OF THE DAMAGE TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CASE. At 12:18 p.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense gave interviews after the visit. When asked by reporters about the case, Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit alluded to the owner. A company that belongs to a grandchild. Prayuth is linked to Mr. Du Hao's car rental business. Prayuth did not answer questions before saying, "I am not hostile to you. I'm trying not to get frustrated anyway, understand?" When trying to ask again. Prayuth refused to answer questions and immediately walked to his car. He then lowered his glass and said, "The media don't get in trouble. I've never had a problem with the media anyway. "Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit's movements, which came out to whip up the work of the Metropolitan Police in the Jinling case by posting cctv footage of the day, were not heard. At 1 p.m. the same day. Mr. Chuvit posted messages and pictures on his personal Facebook page. The name "Chuvit Kamolvisit" concludes that the "process of dropping the case" when it is a big case has entered the process since the police arrested him. Set up an investigation team to make statements to the prosecutor for examination and send to the trial court, during which there is often insider news that there is "lobbying" or "clearing". If they finish, or at least come out to fight outside of jail, there is lobbying. Let's start with the leaky police idiom, lull with money to the idiom, call the police to read it first. Show it off to your ears, otherwise someone like Tu Hao wouldn't have said, "Go look at Phuket. Catch gu? There's money to do it all (in Thailand)", or to take the size of the expression outside to see that it is "genuine", you can do it, and then look at the leaks. Mr. Chuvit continued, "When the expression reaches the prosecutor, check which division of the case? It is known that Sai Tao can be contacted through a lawyer to the "half-judge temple", divided between the lawyer and the prosecutor, may infiltrate by bringing a prosecutor who is not involved in the case to investigate by contacting the prosecutor in charge of the case. Try to get yourself involved in major investigations, such as stopping for coffee or inviting you to drink, or attending a massage parlor. The "candy bag" was given in cash only, and the negotiations ended at a "massage parlor" in Ratchada district that used to be in the company of Kampol, namely "The Lord". The prosecutor was abbreviated as "G". It's called clearing each other up as a ridge. He has a reputation in the field of running cases, coordinating with prosecutors not to file charges, sending expressions back to the police to make non-contradictory comments. Pay two parts round trip, a single sum, all on both sides. The Lord is now closed because of a network of prisoners under the age of 15 who have seized property and fled to Khmer, but ran clear using the same prosecutor. You can bring your wife back to Thailand, as is the case with the Red Bull boss. We have now moved to a new office in a suite at a massage parlor in Ratchada. Anyone who wants to run a case can contact the prosecutor "G", this is known to all prosecutors because of his reputation as a gray prosecutor until a good prosecutor is damaged. When the process reaches the court, there will be a retired police officer with initials. "E", a police major, is lobbying, acting intimate with the judge. Tricky lobbying for another case. But the poor don't have money, they don't have the opportunity. PEOPLE LIKE "CABINET HAO" EVEN ANNOUNCED TO SMASH THE TABLE, "PEOPLE WITH MONEY CAN DO ANYTHING. Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh At 8:30 p.m. on Jan. 5, Maj. Gen. Marut Sudnongbua, director of the Tungsong Police Department, was arrested. Be informed there is a man going to jump from the tollway. In front of IT Square Chaengwattana Road, Thungsonghong Laksi District, Bangkok, went to check with the investigation department of Thung Song Song Police Station and patrol officer 191, found a man known as Mr. Pornchai Beetledangchote, 60 years old, or Uncle Peek, sitting with his legs hanging on the edge of the bridge, not wearing a shirt, jeans, wearing a full-neck amulet, pretending to jump off the bridge, not allowing anyone to approach, and requesting to meet the media. There is Mr. Sorawit Chamnongrit, a patrol reporter. Dr. Thairath entered into a negotiation to know that Mr. Pornchai was dissatisfied with the deal with the gray Chinese capital group and praised Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit for daring to come out and expose the gray Chinese capitalist. Mr. Sorawit offered to make a phone call to Mr. Chuvit and contacted Mr. Chuvit to help negotiate through the opening of the speakerphone until his stance softened and Mr. Chuvit was willing to meet at The Davis Hotel, Soi Sukhumvit 24, causing Mr. Pornchai to get off the bridge railing, raise his hand to apologize to the police, and get in the reporter's car to meet Mr. Chuvit SPONSORED as soon as he meets his face. Mr. Pornchai even bowed down and thanked him with joy to see Mr. Chuvit and said that this kind of incident did not create a buzz. But he wants to come out and fight for the demands, as Mr. Chuvit did, and not fight for himself, but to bring about change in society. Mr. Chuvit gave him a hug, saying that he would not commit such an incident again. If it's the best, just do it all. If you want to be encouraging, stay tuned for the news they present to the media. Mr. Chuvit asked for Mr. Pornchai's contact number to donate the coffin that Mr. Pornchai regularly does. The two then took photos together before the investigation. The two-room field police will bring Uncle Peek back to the house as usual.
Champion shoots, kills western engineers Siege of the house - swaying away Arrest warrant presses chase|A gangster shoots a former British engineer. After the deceased left his job to live in Pattaya, he returned to visit relatives in his hometown. When he returned only one day after having a drink with a friend, on his way to the car, he was shot and fired. The Thai wife revealed. The husband never had an affair with anyone, but he still doesn't know why, as police rush to chase down the culprit, setting up a series of killings in connection with the shooting of the former British engineer. Revealed at 21.45 a.m. on Jan. 5. Huay Yai Police Station Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, received a report of a foreigner being shot and killed. Inside Soi Khao Olive 1, Moo 4, Huay Yai, go to check with Lt. Col. Chakrapan Kittisiripornkul, Deputy Chief of Staff, Chonburi Province, Lt. Col. Surakit Inam, Director, Huay Yai Police Department Police Investigation Department Police, Forensic Division, District 2, Chonburi, and volunteers of the Sawang Boriboon Foundation Rescue Team The city of Pattaya where the incident occurred is a secluded alley. The body of Nell Lewis Roger, 71, a former British engineer, was found. Lying face down, he was shot in the middle of the back with 2 shots and 1 shot below the waist, near the car, a red Honda Scoopy, registration 2 Kg 5327, Chonburi, fell on the side of the road, about 50 meters away from the body, found 3 shell casings of 9 mm gun and 1 bullet head of the same size, police kept as evidence. Police later examined cctv cameras nearby, showing the assailant as a man driving a Honda sedan chasing after the deceased who was riding in the car. YYYY. At the scene of the incident, the assailants rushed to the front of the car, pulled out a gun, fired 3 shots until they fell, and drove away in a sedan. Ms. Thitipan Kamlas, 38, the deceased's wife, came to the scene crying and revealed that her husband was a former British engineer. After retirement, he came to live in Thailand. He had been in a relationship with her husband for about 4 years, staying in a village about 2 km from the scene of the accident on Dec. 24, 2022. My husband returned to England to visit relatives. Having just returned to Thailand on Jan. 4, 2023, just before the incident at 4 p.m., my husband said he was going to have a drink with Mr. Peter. Friends of the same nationality at the shop in Soi Buakhao. Central Pattaya He invited himself out for a drink but refused to stay at home until he learned his husband had been shot dead. Confirming that her husband had never had a problem with anyone and had never told him anything about his distress before, he did not know why. It was found that at 21.18 a.m., the deceased stopped shopping at a minimart along Pratumnak Hill Road and then rode in a car. The killings were later determined on the afternoon of Jan. 6 at the Huay Yai Police Headquarters. 2nd Lt. Gen. Influential Ittisaranachai, Ph.D. Call a meeting of the relevant unit officials to resolve the case. He then said he had ordered the police to investigate Region 2. P.Chonburi Find information, collect evidence. The investigation into the incident may have been a street altercation, or the deceased having an affair in a restaurant drinking with a friend, and family conflicts. Police are investigating at 7 p.m. 2nd Lieutenant 50 police commandos and investigative police were deployed. Chonburi police cordoned off house no. 26/202, Pruksa Nara Village Soi 12, about 500 meters from the accident site, after finding a white Honda Jazz sedan, Frog 876, Chonburi, with a steel frame rack attached to the roof. Police cordoned off and used drones to fly the area for more than 3 hours before dispersing as the house was closed and uninhabited. Recently, the police sought approval from the Pattaya Provincial Court. Arrest warrant for Mr. Apicha Boonsawat On charges of killing others. Firearms Act: Possession, carrying and firing of guns without reasonable cause Initially, it was thought to be caused by a brawl on the street. Meanwhile, Check out Facebook, Mr. Apicha is a champion of shooting sports. Last week, there was a quarrel with a foreigner in the village. Pulling out a gun and threatening, the parties have already caused fear.
20 stab wounds Throw away your child's hair. Caught in Suphan Buri|More than 20 wounds were inflicted on his brother's neck, and his knife-wielding son brought a large group of friends to his house for a New Year's party for several days. At home, opened as a beauty salon, customers do not dare to enter the store. The deceased broke the fuse and unloaded his clothes and belongings in his nephew's room and threw them in front of the house. The father went in and cleared the child, causing a quarrel with his brother. Each of them was in a boiling mood, punching the last one, the elder brother missed being stabbed by Brother Zhuang. After the attack, he fled to another province. He did not survive being tracked down by the police in the wake of the family's fatal stabbing. Revealed at 21.00 a.m. on Jan. 5, Lt. Col. Akarapol Banjong, Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Bangbuathong Police Station, Nonthaburi province, received a report of a person who was stabbed and seriously injured at a house at 64 Soi Suksawat Khlong Ta Similar. Moo 7, Bangbuathong, report to Lt. Col. Pruitt Chamrunsas, Lt. Col. Narendran Veera, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Supakorn Saengchan, Senator Lead investigators to investigate the crime scene as a one-story house. In front of the extension is a beauty salon and eyelash extensions. In front of the store, a pile of clothes and belongings was found scattered, and blood was pouring from inside the house, splattered on the floor. The injured were transported to Sai Noi Hospital by relatives but later died. Mr. Wise Jaipleom, 45, suffered more than 20 stab wounds to the neck, left chest and torso. Miss Talent Jaiploem, 22 years old, daughter of the deceased Standing crying in front of the emergency room, he said that the culprit was Mr. Natee Jaiploem, 42 years old. Before the incident, the two had a conversation about Mr. Jirapat Jaiploem, 19 years old, the son of Ah brought many friends to sleep at home and have a New Year's party for a long time since December 30. Until dad and Ah had a violent argument. Unbeknownst to Ah, he was seen fighting in the house. He and his girlfriend in front of the house tried to get in, but Mr. Jirapat stood at the door of the house to prevent him from entering, and Ah used a knife to stab his father until he fell silent before fleeing. He and his relatives helped bring his father's body to the hospital but later died, said Mr. Jirapat Jaiploem, 19, the son of the attacker, said that the items thrown by his uncle were his room items and clothes. Don't have friends. Whether his uncle was angry about whether his friends weren't coming home or not is unknown. But at that time, Uncle Fuse was absent from many things. I threw myself in front of the house and told him not to stay. At first, his father stood and listened and said that the boy had come to apologize and talk about something else. The violent punches escalated to stabbing each other to death on the evening of Jan. 6, Lt. Col. Allied Hirprasert, deputy director of investigation, bangbuathong police station. Gather evidence and submit it to the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. Approved the issuance of an arrest warrant for Mr. Natee Jaijai. The investigators then followed up and arrested Mr. Natee at Suphanburi. He was brought back for further investigation and prosecution.
A young rider delivering food to a fellow professional, draws a knife and stabs him at a bus stop.|The 36-year-old, who drives a food delivery truck, is upset with his 50-year-old uncle. The latter had problems before. A man was stabbed at a bus stop on Sukonthasawat Road at 10:45 p.m. Friday, January 6, 2023, police at Chokchai Police Station received a report of a man being stabbed and seriously injured at a bus stop. In front of Satri Wittaya 2 School, Sukonthasawat Road, Lat Phrao Subdistrict, Bangkok, the police investigated the incident with the forensic officers. Hospital doctors, police and volunteers gathered at the scene to find Mr. Suwit Toamornphan, 50, a food delivery driver. There was a stab wound on the right side of the frame. There is a lot of bleeding. Rescuers tried CPR for about 20 minutes, but to no avail. The injured person later died and the perpetrator was Mr. Kanin Atthapong, 36, who also worked as a food delivery rider, sitting at the scene with a sharp knife. The length is about 6-7 inches used to commit the crime. The police detained him at the police station for questioning. Mr. Kajon Pinijsak Friends of the perpetrators said that they, as well as the perpetrators and the deceased, were food delivery riders, often gathered at the bus stop at this point regularly. So I tried to tell him not to have a story. The perpetrator then approached him at the sponsored bus stop, after which the deceased, who was riding a motorcycle, passed by after delivering the food. Seeing the perpetrator at the bus stop, he quickly parked the car and cleared it. He wasn't sure what the couple was fighting about, but thought it was personal, and then the perpetrator shook his hand. At first he thought it was a sting, but then the deceased ran to himself and said he had been stabbed. Initially, investigators were interrogating the perpetrators to determine the motives before charges were filed and legal proceedings were filed. The body of the deceased was sent to the Forensic Institute of Police Hospital and contacted relatives to receive the body for further charity.
"P.S.-T.S." Raids destroyed opium plantations in the middle of the valley. I just slit the tires shortly.|PTT police together with TCHOD 346 officers Raids on opium plantations in the valley on the Myanmar border I found that I had recently been screamed out of a tire. The workers relied on their expertise to escape on January 7, 2023. Information from the Institute of Crop Survey and Monitoring (NEDA) has been coordinated that opium smugglers have been found in the Mae Sot National Forest (Pa Charoen Waterfall National Park Preparation Area). Tak ordered. Lt. Col. Ariyapol Sinson, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Sanuwong Gangain, 4th Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Chanont Rattanaprateep, Lt. Col. Yosawat Ekkul, 4th Lt. Col. PTT, together with TCHOD 346 officers Pa Charoen Waterfall National Park Staff More than 50 troops were deployed to inspect targets in the junction between Thailand and Myanmar, a steep mountain forest in the district. Meet the Monks According to the inspection, opium trees about 100-150 cm high were planted in several acres of forest. The opium farm workers in charge, relying on local expertise, escaped arrest. The authorities destroyed all opium plantations and also inspected the area of Mae La's house. Moo 2, T. Kirirat Meet the monks in the Mae Sot National Forest Reserve. Found encroached forests, cleared grass, cut down small trees around them. Dozens of large trees were dug in the middle of the trunk. To prepare to burn. In addition, more than 3 rai of forest land was encroached upon, so they confiscated various equipment used to clear the forest and handed it over to the investigating officer, the Police Department, to meet the monks to investigate and arrest all those involved.
The girl caught her son-in-law at a famous pork pan restaurant, secretly filming her while going to the bathroom.|A girl was secretly filmed in the bathroom of a famous pork pan restaurant Maeklong, police said. Insist on prosecuting the "secretly filmed" man who is the owner's son-in-law. Police have filed two charges against "Lawyer Tum". Posted on Facebook: Sititra Biabangkurd, Secretary-General of the People's Advocacy Team Foundation Identify the subject The girl who ate pork pan at Dang Mae Klong restaurant was secretly filmed by the owner's son-in-law while running errands in the bathroom, and later the reporter found the victim, 26 years old. But come to live. Samut Sakhon province brought evidence to ask for justice from Tum's lawyer that he ate a pork pan in Lat Yai subdistrict, Mueang Samut Songkhram district, and was secretly filmed by a store employee while using the bathroom. After the incident, she went to inform the shopkeeper. Instead, the shop tried to ask him not to take the matter because the perpetrator was the owner's son-in-law. Therefore, the victim can only report to the Muang Samut Songkhram Police Station at 09.00 a.m. on January 7, 2022. A lawyer at SITTRA LAWFIRM took the victims to the meeting. Lt. Col. Anucha Jindasri, investigating officer of Muang Samut Songkhram Police Station, to testify in the case, and the victim insisted on prosecuting the case to the end. If the perpetrator is going to mediate, he will have to consult a lawyer first, which will be considered on a case-by-case basis, Mr. Thomakorn said. The victim came to report the case and today brought the victim to testify based on the facts that initially occurred. He was charged with obscenity with imprisonment not exceeding 10 years, a fine not exceeding 200,000 baht, or both, as well as section 397 for causing embarrassment or annoyance. FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT, IMPRISONMENT FOR NOT MORE THAN 1 MONTH, A FINE NOT EXCEEDING 10,000 BAHT, OR BOTH.
Detained knifeman stabbing Kitty When I was in jail, I was still scared. The police lean toward fairness.|The police chief said he had stabbed 14 children to death when he was lying in a cell and waiting for a psychiatrist to assess him. I ask my relatives to not worry about tragic events. 14-year-old girl M.2 was attacked by Mr. Preecha Vichaisorn, 37, a resident of the same village, riding a motorcycle in a minibus. Before the attack, he was stabbed to death at Ban Lao Wittayakarn School. Nong Kaeo Subdistrict, Mueang District, Roi Et Province Our condolences go out to the families of the deceased. The mother apologizes to the family of the student who was stabbed to death. A mentally ill child was released from jail on Jan. 7, 2023, reporters reported. Lieutenant Colonel Nationality Sawat phol The Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Muang Roi Et Police Station, summoned Mr. Preecha Wichaisorn for interrogation and fingerprinting before taking him to the court. He was detained in the control room of the accused throughout the night. Mr. Preecha had hallucinations, claimed that there were cats and rats in the cell, and asked the authorities to help him chase him. Mr. Preecha, if he does not know, will be understood as a normal person because he does not have a furious demeanor or rant, calmness, even when interrogated. After more than 2 hours of interrogation, he was detained in a car and detained by the accused, Mr. Preecha revealed before the hearing that he wanted to apologize to the family of the deceased. At the time of the incident, he claimed that he did not because he was unconscious and unconscious because he was in a very angry mood because he thought he was being scolded by Kitty. The reporter also asked how Mr. Preecha felt about having to go in and out of prison so often. The accused replied that he did not want to enter because he wanted to stay at home with his mother. I want to take care of my mother. Maj. Gen. Power Pattanasaksiri Acting Superintendent Muang Roi Et police said that through interrogation, Mr. Preecha or Jok cooperated with the authorities. Everything Q&A knows about, based on information on the history of psychiatric treatment. He was found to have received drugs on March 10, 2022 at Roi Et Hospital, then was prosecuted for carrying a firearm and entered the prison in May 2022 before being acquitted on December 28, 2022. As for the incident where the accused is found to have normal symptoms and is fully conscious, the investigating officer will coordinate with the psychiatric medical team to check the symptoms again. Police charged Preecha with premeditated murder, carrying a knife in the city. In this case, the police asked relatives not to worry. Even if they are psychiatric ill, they are punishable by law. If you are actually sick He then served the same punishment as a normal person and insisted that the case was not the same as the Nong Bua Lamphu case, but a personal act.
Detained young man shot dead in the street Drunk knots and quarrels He apologized to society.|Huay Yai police detained a 32-year-old man who shot dead a British man. Sent to court for detention and denied bail. The perpetrator apologized to society for what he had done. The deceased's confidant reveals that he was just fighting a drunk man.   MR. NEIL LEWIS ROGER, 71, a former British engineer, was shot and killed by a gangster in Soi Khao Olive 1, Moo 4, Huay Yai. The incident occurred on the evening of 21.45 a.m. on Jan. 5. The gunman, Mr. Apicha Boonsawat, was issued an arrest warrant and surrendered in the morning (January 6, 2023) and said "Apologize to society for what you have done", then detained him and searched the house about 500 meters away from the crime scene, but found nothing illegal.  Noon Today (7 Jan 2023) The police detained him. Mr. Apicha Boonsawat or Big, 32 years old, the accused, came to the interrogation room for further interrogation. The accused did not consent to the plan to make a confession, and during the interrogation, a personal lawyer was present at the hearing. By in the interrogation class way. Huay Yai police have opposed bail. However, he will be detained and sent to court for detention on Monday morning. The vehicle used in the attack was found parked at a hotel. A white Honda Jazz car with registration number 876 Chonburi, which the police were on their way to investigate and support the case, said relatives of the perpetrators told reporters that the perpetrator was drunk and punched in the face first. In the case section Insist that we do not apply for bail, let it be a matter of law, because we must respect the law and apologize to society for what happened.  The reporter walked to talk to Ms. Thitipan Kamlas, 38, a resident of Mukdahan province, who was a close friend and caretaker of the deceased at the residence. I was shocked and saddened. He asked why the shooting took place. Why can't we talk to each other? The body of a British engineer was commissioned for cremation in Thailand. He did not hold any events, and then collected the bones on Tuesday, initially coordinating with the British Embassy to assist in the processing of documents by giving him the authority to process matters. As for the perpetrators who committed the crime, why can't they shoot each other? Can't you just punch each other? People want to be held accountable. The deceased wanted to see evidence of what happened, but admitted that when drinking, everyone was hot. I want the perpetrators to be punished for what happened.
Pikulthong smoldered, shooting the president. A.S. Dabka ordained before fleeing.|The attacker used a gun to shoot. The president died at an ordained event in Pikulthong subdistrict, Ratchaburi province, before the assailants fled, which the police were hunting for at 21.30 a.m. on Jan. 7, 2023. Ratchaburi Police Department received a report of a person being shot by a firearm, seriously injured and later died. In The 2nd Grade Pikulthong, Muang, Ratchaburi After receiving the notice, he reported it to Lt. Col. Thanin Chatcharoenporn The Deputy Chief of Police, Petchaburi Police Department, was informed and led the force to investigate the crime scene until the police proved the evidence. P.W. Ratchaburi at the scene of the ordination ceremony. In the banquet hall for guests attending the ordination ceremony. Found a pickup truck Isuzu DMAX, silver bronze, registration number 9775. At the ground area, a pile of blood and 10 shell casings of a 9 mm gun were found at the scene. A silver bronze cap, registration Number 7684 Ratchaburi, parked at the scene and was hit by a gunshot after Cap was damaged, and also found a white Yamaha Fino car, registration 1 กข 683 Ratchaburi, parked at the scene. Mr. Chaiwat Chomchuen, 49, was a former The local police officer and the current volunteer chairman were shot several times in the torso by a firearm. After the accident, relatives and friends rushed to Ratchaburi Hospital, but could not bear the poison and later died. Upon investigation, the relatives of the deceased learned that the shooter was Mr. Prateep Chomkham. AGE, A VOLUNTEER VICE PRESIDENT AND A RELATIVE OF THE DECEASED, WHO AFTER THE INCIDENT FIRED A GUN INTO THE AIR, OPENED A RUNWAY TO ESCAPE, ACCORDING TO THE INVESTIGATION. Mr. Gan (Namsamuti) The occupants testified that while the ordination ceremony had arrived, the host and Naga walked to thank the guests. Mr. Prateep, the perpetrator, walked to Mr. Chaiwat. The deceased was drinking with 4 friends and himself when the attackers approached within 3 metres and did not say anything, but drew a firearm and fired 8 shots at the deceased from behind before firing 2 more shots into the air to open the way to run away. This causes the hosts and guests to run away. After the incident, relatives and friends of the deceased He was taken to hospital and later died. The deceased and the perpetrator were relatives. The perpetrator had shot his deceased son and injured him. The deceased filed a lawsuit. The perpetrator was jailed for several years until he was released five years ago, but the couple have already settled down, so they don't know if there's anything they have in mind lately. Lt. Col. Thanin Chatcharoenporn, director of the Ratchaburi Police Department, has ordered the investigation team of the Ratchaburi Police Department to speed up the inspection of cctv cameras along the route that the attackers are expected to use to escape. and hastened to press the perpetrators to surrender. To investigate the cause and motive of the crime and to prosecute the case according to the law.
2-year-old boy beaten by his father|Bangpakong police raided a 2-year-old boy after being beaten by his 22-year-old father. After only a week of isolation at 8:30 p.m. on Jan. 8, 2023. The reporter received a call for help from Ms. Suvimon Singha, 22, who said her husband, 22, had sent him a video of him beating his 2-year-old son. If the woman does not come to threaten her child to sleep in mosquitoes. The reporter then coordinated with Lt. Col. Kittisan Chana, Director of The Bangpakong Police Department, and then instructed the investigating officers, The BangPakong Police Department and the Bang Wua Patrol Officer. The head of the Children and Family Home in Chachoengsao province went to the area to investigate as soon as the accident occurred as a house in the area. Bang Wua, Bang Pakong Chachoengsao in the bedroom Mr. Viroj Auasakul, 22, was found lying with his 2-year-old son. Ms. Suvimon from the preliminary investigation. Mr. Viroj denied it, but eventually confessed that after work he drank alcohol and then took a video of him hitting the ball. Ms. Suvimon See for reconciliation. After being separated for about a week, the police detained him. Mr. Viroj went to bangpakong police station to investigate and sent his 2-year-old son to the hospital for further medical examination. Miss Suvimon had come from Trat province to pick up the baby. It is not possible to return the child because they have to check Ms. Suvimon's house in Trat province to see if they can take care of the child or not. However, the police initially filed a charge of "assault" against Mr. Viroj in order to prosecute SPONSORED cases.
Reveal it is expensive. Villagers The bandits brutally shot down the rancher who went to sleep guarding the produce.|A 45-year-old farmer from Pakom Buriram was shot and killed. It is believed to be a thief who secretly steals cassava digs, which are expensive. I found the owner lying on the bed and shot him, revealing that he is now both afraid of wild elephants and afraid of thieves on January 9, 2023. Moo 17, T. Kokmamuang, A. Pakham, Buriram A body was found. Mr. Manop or Toi Puachu, 45 years old, living at 410/2 Moo 8. Khokmamuang sub-district, Pakom district, Buriram province, was shot 4 times and killed in the middle of his own cassava farm at Ban Sai Thong. Because there is speculation that the deceased may have confronted a mob that was stealing cassava, who may have known or remembered each other, they killed to silence them. And the incident is likely to happen during the night. Before dawn, the villagers came to find the body of the villagers, who were frightened and believed to be the actions of the cassava thieves, since the deceased had previously informed the chief of the house and told his family that he was going to sneak in and see the villains who had secretly stolen the cassava that had been dug up several times. After the purchase price of cassava tubers in the area skyrocketed. Mrs. Arun Copper, 53, a shop owner in Sai Thong village, said that the deceased, who was a different villager but had a farm here, came to buy something and said, "If you see someone stealing it, let me know", but he never saw it because he was at the shop. He did not go out to farm it, as far as he knew from the villagers that the cassava of the deceased was beautiful. THIS MAKES IT A PLOT THAT THE VILLAIN CHOOSES TO STEAL BEFORE THE OTHER PLOTS. Urairat, 58 years old, living at 432 Moo 17. Khokmamuang said the incident admitted that the villagers were frightened because they were afraid of facing the culprits again. Because instinctively, the rancher must protect his property before Mr. Sompas. He also said that in the past, villagers who grow cassava often feared wild elephants from the big forests that would regularly descend on farmers' fields, but this sleep doubled. Therefore, I would like the police to expedite the arrest of the criminals to prosecute the case as soon as possible. Buriram Provincial Police Investigation Unit and Pakham Police Investigation Unit A meeting is underway to find the culprit to prosecute. There are no CCTV cameras at the scene. There were no eyewitnesses to the incident, and the first eyewitness interrogation was conducted.
The 56-year-old is still lustful, hoping to claim a 17-year-old girl who was beaten in the head with a hammer.|Shocking The 56-year-old monk tricked a 17-year-old girl into the cubicle, asking him to help him wash it, but it was long gone. The child's grandmother mistakenly observed the temple. Her granddaughter was found beaten in the head and lying in a serious cubicle. The monk grabs the victim and escapes. Jonny, the buster, joins the hunt but has not yet found herself from the case of Page Jonny stunned the city live, investigating the incident of a young woman being assaulted in Ban Na Kae Temple. Rawe Subdistrict, Phibun Mangsahan District Ubon Ratchathani Early yesterday evening (Jan. 8), villagers stood and watched the incident, identifying the perpetrator as Phra Uthit. Lakthong, 56, was the monk at the scene. Using a hammer and nail to hit the head of Ms. Ae (pseudonym), aged 17, she was seriously injured and rode a gray Honda motorcycle, registration 1 July 8967 of Ms. Ae. Therefore, the police officers were coordinated. A nearby police officer set up an extraction point, but there was no sign of mrs. Boon (last name reserved), 55, who revealed that she had received a call from a monk to get Jiworn to pay her wages. After about 30 minutes, he did not see his grandchildren returning, so he went out to the kuti, but no one came out, but he felt that there were people in the kuti, so he came back to follow her husband and the villagers to check again until he heard a sound like someone inside, so he decided to pry open the door to meet Ms. Ae. Sitting on the floor His face and head were covered in blood, so he was taken to Phibun Mangsahan Hospital. It is expected that the devotee wants to rape the latest this morning. Maj. Gen. Chanchai Innara Superintendent of Investigation, Ubon Ratchathani Province Lt. Col. Nattawut Harekprakhon Deputy Superintendent of Investigations Police Officer Phibun Mangsahan YUTTHAPOL SRISOMPONG (JONNY THE BUSTER) WENT TO A MEETING AREA WHERE VILLAGERS AND COMMUNITY LEADERS FOLLOWED THE BUDDHA IN THE FIELDS AND PLACES WHERE THE MONKS WERE EXPECTED TO FLEE TO HIDE.
Young Burmese challenge Russian roulette The first shot didn't go off. The next shot went to the temple.|A burmese man carrying a .38-caliber gun joins a drinking circle with his friends, pulling out to the show and challenging him to play Russian Roulette. Put 2 bullets in your head, the first shot does not go off, the second shot is chopped, the gun pierces the temples, dabka at 01.00 a.m. on January 9, 2023. The Deputy Inspector Of Investigation, Nakhon Pathom Police Station, received a report that someone had been shot dead by a firearm. In front of the house Behind one of the ice factories. It is located along the Takhong-Don Tum road. Moo 7, T. Bo phlap After receiving the notification, he reported it to Pol. Col. Phaiboon Prasinuan, director of the Nakhon Pathom Police Department, went to check with the investigation kit, the officers of the Forensic Division 7, the doctors of Nakhon Pathom Hospital, where the accident occurred at the back of the ice factory. The body of Mr. Chai, 48, a Burmese national, was found. Worked as a car pharmacy worker in Bo Phlap. He was lying on his back, covered in blood, wearing a yellow T-shirt over a blue coat and jean shorts. There was a wound in the right temple and left side, and a .38-caliber revolver was found, and a holster was found. Several bottles were scattered from inquiries of burmese friends who were also seated in the group. Before the incident, Mr. Chai rode from a pharmacy 8 km from the ice factory to see a Burmese friend who worked at the ice factory. When he arrived, he saw a group of friends drinking beer at the front of the room, so he came to sit down with 6 people. Mr. Chai had been intoxicated before. When I sat down to drink, I started bragging. Grabbing a gun from the waist that he carries, he showed it off and challenged whether anyone dared to do so. Then put two bullets in the revolver, then turn the revolver before putting the revolver into the barrel, and challenge the friend who was drinking, like Russian Roulette. In the film, it was then brought to the temple, pulling the trigger, but no bullets came out. The friends who were sitting with them were shocked, got up and broke the band. THE DECEASED THEN SHOUTED THAT THEY WERE NOT SURE AND PUT THE GUN ON HIS TEMPLE AGAIN, BUT THIS TIME THE BULLET HIT HIS RIGHT TEMPLE AND PIERCED HIS LEFT AND HE DIED IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE INCIDENT. Mr. Kan, a 21-year-old Burmese national, whose son was informed of the news, came to see his father's body and revealed that in the evening around 5.00 p.m. after work. Dad said he was going out to cut his hair with his friends at the ice house, then he came back to the house at 8 p.m. and rode away. My mother called and told me to drive my pickup truck to see my dad at the ice factory. When they arrived, they found themselves lying alone, with bullet holes in their heads and one shot in their heads. He learned that while his father was drunk, he picked up a revolver he carried from his waist. Come out and show the kids in the booze circle and put them in the mo, challenge them to play the Russian roulette game. Because my dad liked to tell me that as a teenager he liked to challenge people like this. As for the gun, my father said he bought it from a friend to carry in self-defense.
The mother and son cried. The thief clicked the link, the screen turned blue, pumping 1.2 lakh fleeting money.|Mother of Mae Hong Son warns of fraudsters claiming to be taxpayers Call to report tax arrears, click on the fake web link sent. Then the mobile screen turned blue, the money was immediately sucked out of the account. More than 120,000 baht was lost on January 10, 2023, Mr. Apichart Wongsawangchan, 23, of Moo 9, Mae Sawad Subdistrict, Sobmei District, Mae Hong Son Province, along with Mrs. Choladda Wongsawangchan, 44, whose mother revealed that they lived in the same house, had a trading career, and rented a house to open a grocery store. Karen woven clothing is in the center of Mae Sariang, 269/2 Moo 2, Mae Sariang. Mae Sariang was called by fraudsters claiming to be revenue department officials to report tax arrears and chatline sending a link stating that it was a link to the Revenue Department's website. After Mr. Apichart Wongsawangchan Click the link to check if there is a tax backlog. Instead, he was sucked up in savings from the trade and lost in the blink of an eye 121,623.02 baht. The son recalled the loss of the money on January 4, 2023. His mother received a phone call by voice indicating that she was a revenue officer. But the mother was busy selling things, so she handed her the phone to pick her up instead. At the end of the call, we chatted and sent a link. Claiming to be a link to the Revenue Department's website to click on the link to check if there is a tax arrears. Press your name, surname, and ID card number only, the phone can't do anything else, the phone freezes up and the screen is blue. There is a logo of the Revenue Department with the message "668325 In the process of checking the name and surname, do not use the phone", so he came to check the money in the account, it appeared that 121,623.02 baht was missing in less than 3 minutes, the money disappeared from the account immediatelySPONSORED, two mothers and children, deposited through reporters to all the vendors as a prelude to various transactions that have various types of fraudsters. You need to be more mindful, more careful, contact the authorities according to the agency itself is best, waste some time, have to allow, and leave it to the officers who are involved in the various inspection processes. However, he went to report the case to Mae Sariang Police Station and received an appointment from the online police reporting system. Technology crimes Online financial scam on January 13, 2023
540 driver's license deductions on the first day, driving without paying taxes were cut the most points.|A spokesman said: 540 driver's license deductions on the first day No license plate and driving fast with the highest score cuts. The police continued to enforce the law to discipline driving at 10.00 a.m. on January 10, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Spokesperson, Royal Thai Police "Yesterday (January 9, 2023) was the first day that the regulations on the rules. Procedures and conditions relating to the driving conduct score recording system of driver's license holders B.E. 2565 issued under the Road Traffic Act B.E. 2522 (1979) Section 142/1 came into force. The number of people who were deducted on January 9, 2023 was 540, divided into 503 items in group 1, group 2 with 68 points, group 3 points and group 4 points not yet deducted. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff, assigned to Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj The Deputy Chief of Police is working with the Department of Land Transport, Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited and National Telecommunications Public Company Limited electronically by using the Royal Thai Police's PTM order database system to record traffic violations and cut points each time. Focus on creating driving discipline, providing opportunities to correct and not repeat offenses. POINTS THAT HAVE BEEN CUT CAN BE REFUNDED BY INSTRUCTING THE POLICE TO ENFORCE THE LAW SO THAT THE DRIVER'S LICENSE SCORE DEDUCTION SYSTEM IS EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPIRIT OF THE LAW. To strengthen driver discipline to reduce accidents. To reduce losses on the road, people can check the score at the E-Ticket PTM website and KHUB DEE application, as well as inquire about the problem of using the e-ticket website at 1197 (Bok.Jhor.) and ask for problems using the Good Driver app at 065 320 4580 only during official hours.
Fish Doctor Parents of 11 rape victims cried He was bullied into drug trafficking.|"Fish doctor" takes parents of 11-year-old girl rape victim Request for fairness to Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, was accused of drug trafficking at 10:00 a.m. on January 11, 2023, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Lawyer Paisan Ruangrit with Mr. Jirapan Phetkhao or Fish Doctor Parents of an 11-year-old girl who complained of rape and alleged drug trafficking Request for fairness and ask for further scrutiny. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol The Deputy Commissioner of The Royal Thai Police shall investigate all those involved. Maj. Gen. Saroj Polpinit, Deputy Chief of Army Staff The police chief, representing Paisan's lawyer, said that because the victims were not treated fairly by the investigating police officers, they were not being treated fairly. Klaeng Police Station, Klaeng District, Rayong Province, where the house was searched without a warrant and allegedly involved in drug trafficking (methamphetamine). About 990 tablets were found next to the house, which the petitioner denied and there were adults and villagers certifying that they were not involved. He brought a lawyer to meet with the police to show his innocence. And the officer asked the complainant to testify in the drug search. Paisan's lawyer said the victims were attracted to the work of the police because the family was the victim in the criminal case. In the case of an 11-year-old daughter, she was killed by a relative. The accused claimed to have an influential relative in Rayong province. Klaeng, who claims to be a justice official and claims to be a major media outlet, agreed and will give a portion of the money to the police to settle the case. When he refused to consent, he continued to be bullied, and when he asked to know the progress of his case and the case that he was searched and accused of possessing a large amount of drugs, but did not receive any answers and clarifications, he asked for a deputy. The Police Commissioner provides fairness and fact-checking in this matter and helps to monitor the case in order to obtain justice and further investigation of all the facts that have caused damage, discredit, embarrassment, intimidation and criminal prosecution. We will fight for fairness to the end.
P.P.T. waded into corruption investigation "Mae Takhrai National Park", smuggling valuable timber and embezzling money.|Chiang Mai - P.P.T. landed in Mae Takhrai National Park after the head of Mae Takhrai National Park Protection Unit 2. The former head of the park was found to be involved in illegal logging of valuable timber and embezzlement of money, the reporter reported at 1:00 p.m. on January 10, 2023. P.P.T. along with the team went to Mae Takhrai National Park, Doi Saket District, Chiang Mai province to investigate corruption of government officials. After Mr. Somboon Somrak The head of the Mae Takhrai National Park Protection Unit 2 (Pang Fan) previously revealed that since 2015, the former head of Mae Takhrai National Park, who is the commanding officer, has been in charge of the project. He instructed officials within Mae Takhrai National Park to inject grass killing drugs on trees in the park area to cause perennial trees to die before knocking down the trees to be processed in the area of the park protection unit. To sell lumber or send it to adults in the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Species. As for the proceeds from the sale of lumber. It is not known who to be with, which privatized the use of equipment, staff and vehicles of the park for transportation, causing him to complain about the behavior that occurred, both the 16th Conservation Area Management Office and the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment. Meanwhile, after the complaint. In addition, it was found that this former park supervisor also committed fraud by setting up overtime allowances in the smart patrol or qualitative patrol program, either without overtime patrols or with real patrols but not walking completely, which 1 patrol set will have 5 people and will be paid about 2,500 baht per month, but only 2 people actually walk and 5 people are disbursed, and there are also 2 people who have a disbursement list but have never come to work.  The complainant also informed that the former head of Mae Takhrai National Park had hired a housekeeper for general work with a salary. 6,000 baht per month is a T.O.R. hire, but there is 32,000 baht in the account every month. The housekeeper went to press money from the ATM. 32,000 baht was deducted 6,000 baht as salary, while another 26,000 baht was given to the head for more than 80 months. Even though I only finished 6th grade.  Mr. Supaporn Siri, Director of the Anti-Corruption Directorate P.P.S. He said that initially from the victim's information. There is a certain level of guilt, but it requires thorough data and evidence. After examining the victim, the person involved must be interrogated. In particular, the Conservation Area Management Office No. 16 Chiang Mai, the agency that directly supervises and interrogates the accused, before bringing all the evidence, including logging in the park area and embezzlement of money. The P.O.C. continued.
Forex-3D case reaches prosecutor's hand—unclear indictment of 16 people, including "DJ Man-Pandan"|DSI director-general says Forex-3D case has reached prosecutors Tell me to go back and check first, indictment all 16 (same lot as DJ Man-Pandan) at all? I don't want the information to be distorted. After the prosecutor ordered an additional examination on some issues on January 11, 2023 at the Drug Case Center. Department of Special Investigation, 2nd Floor (Government Center, Building A), Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong Director General of DSI Revealing the issue of forex-3D case, Mr. Traiyarit stated that the case is now in the prosecutor's office. Further interrogations are still underway, to submit details to the prosecutor as further issues arise. however The case can only be filed within 7 months, with over 200,000 sheets of documents, and the investigators were very effective when asked if the Special Investigation Team had decided to indict all 16 cases (the same lot as DJ Man and Pandan) at all. Mr. Traiyarit said, "Let's go back and check it out first. I don't want the data to be distorted. Originally, we had already filed charges, but when the prosecutor had an opinion, he had to go for further interrogation on some issues. The investigators must continue to conclude the case.
The court granted Bentley bail for drunk driving. Racing pajero on expressway 1 baht|The South Bangkok Criminal Court granted bail to Sia Bentley. Charges of drunk driving, reckless driving, serious injury to others, bodily harm and property damage. In the case of a Pajero crash on the 11 January 2023 expressway at the South Bangkok Criminal Court, investigators filed additional charges against the driver of the Bentley. The accused is charged with reckless driving causing harm to persons and property of others and causing serious harm to others, bodily harm and property damage, driving while drunk (violation of refusing to blow alcohol, presumably drunk driving) and taking the accused to the South Bangkok Criminal Court, where the court considered the detention according to the petition. Later, the accused filed an application for interim release. The court considered and allowed the bail to be set at a price of 1 baht.
"Go younger", surrendered. Wiangsa police have denied all charges.|"Go on." The owner of a construction company with a lawyer. Dodd surrendered. Wiangsa Police Station The case of the murder of "Sia Somporn" The owner of a rival contracting company after being issued an arrest warrant denies all charges. The police were confident of the evidence at 10.00 a.m. on January 11, 2023 at the Investigation Division, Surat Thani Police Department. Lt. Col. Sirichai Suksart, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, along with Lt. Col. Nattapong Romsai Deputy Director of Investigation and Lt. Col. Sutin Rakngam, Inspector of Investigation, Wiang Sa Police Station, jointly surrendered and interrogated. Mr. Patipan Pluemsut or Go Nong, 43 years old, villager Moo 1 T.Thungluang Wiangsa District, Suratthani Province The owner of SPA Construction Co., Ltd., the accused under Wiang Sa Court Warrant No. 235/2565 dated December 9, 2022, charged with conspiracy to use, hire, wan or incite others to commit the offence of intentionally and deliberately killing others, jointly possessing firearms and ammunition without permission, jointly carrying weapons with them to the city. village The public without permission or reasonable urgency to the circumstances of Mr. Patiphan's surrender was accompanied by a lawyer and denied the allegations and wished to testify in the investigation and court. The case was brought to trial after at 9:00 a.m. on Nov. 11, 2022, when a mob drove a sedan and fired a firearm. Mr. Somporn Sinthong, 44 years old, a resident of Thung Luang Wiangsa District, Suratthani Province Owner of Mongkolchai 99 Civil Co., Ltd., construction of roads and buildings, and owner of Somporn Sattle Line. Electrical and communication equipment dealer died in front of Yupparat Wiangsa Hospital After the incident, the police officers consisted of the Suppression Division, The 8th Army. Participate in the investigation and solve the case together with the investigative series. Surat Thani Police And The Wiang Sa Police Investigation Team Led By Maj. Gen. Naphonwut Liamsanguan Chief Of Staff 8 It was found that the behavior of the culprit in the manner of a hired gunman by the controversial issue came from the construction auction knot and the investigation led to the issuance of arrest warrants for 4 suspects: 1) Mr. Ekrin Saenghiran 2) Mr. Karant Judhom, 30 years old, a resident of Nakhon Si Thammarat province. 3) Mr. Thanakorn Akkhabutr, 30, a resident of Trang province, the gunman 4) Mr. Thumrin Saenghiran, 55, a resident of Trang province. The co-plotters and arrested 3 suspects, with Mr. Ekrin, the 1st accused, also fleeing. Mr. Theerayuth Boonchana and Mr. Asdayuth Sakjirapapong, or Adult Mag, were hired to commit the crime, so they sought approval of the arrest warrant. Mr. Asdayuth, or Adult Mack, surrendered to the police to fight the case. Meanwhile, Mr. Theerayuth is still on the run, and the investigators have recently gathered evidence and sought approval of an arrest warrant for Mr. Patipan for the offense of using the said hired person. Maj. Gen. Saranju Chamnanraj Surat Thani police said the court had issued arrest warrants for seven suspects, three arrested and two surrendered, while two others fled. The officer's investigation revealed that he had been in a neighbouring country, which was in the process of coordinating with the local police. And although the latter two accused who were hired to testify, we are confident in the evidence that the accused will be able to bind the accused to legal punishment.
District 8 police searched 517 influential spots, seized guns, drugs, and collected 619 suspects.|"Big Joke - P.O.8" Influencer Search 517 narcotics in Region 8 seized guns and narcotics and arrested 619 suspects at 2:30 p.m. on Jan. 11, 2023 at Provincial Police Region 8, Mai Khao District. Thalang, Phuket Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police; Lt. Gen. Surapong Thanomjit P.O.W.8 announced the results of the blockade to clear illegal substances in the area of responsibility of Provincial Police Region 8 and the preparation of the opening of the country to tourists 2 on the Andaman coast and the Gulf of Thailand in order to build confidence and faith among the people and tourists. Firearms, drugs Explosives, prostitution, car theft sponsored by all units under Por 8, together with gathering evidence to obtain a search warrant before the court to search the target. During 19-23 December 2022, there were 517 targets in 7 provinces, including: Surat Thani Province 112 targets P.Chua Nakhon Si Thammarat 88 targets, 79 targets of Chumphon Province, 75 targets of Krabi Province, 66 targets of Phuket Province, 54 targets of Phang Nga Province, 43 targets of Ranong Province, 43 targets of the blockade operation during this period, 415 targets of DNA collection, 88 firearms, 1,199 rounds of ammunition, 377 cases of narcotics (430,029 methamphetamine tablets and 305 grams of methamphetamine). A total of 619 suspects were arrested, with 32 firearms seized in Nakhon Si Thammarat, followed by Surat Thani with 19 and Chumphon with 14.
Psychopathic thieves Snatching rice and underwear revealed for years, pendant sq. dragged neck (clip)|The villagers are psychopathic thieves. Snatching and stealing underwear, CCTV footage clearly captured- Police hijacker rushing to catch him. Dreaded people in the house are dangerous. The incident was revealed in several houses and repeated over the years on Jan. 11, 2023. Reporters received complaints from several households in the area. M.9 (Ban Sap Yai) T.Hin Dat Pang Silathong district, Kamphaeng Phet province, said that thieves sneaked into several houses. Thieves of people's food and underwear in the dead of night, which has been repeating this kind of crime for years, both in the area and nearby villages, according to the inquiry. Mr. Preecha Thaikam, 45 years old, Deputy Permanent Secretary Mr Phothong said his home had been robbed of underwear and kitchen food seven times, and cctv cameras at the home could clearly record the incident. It's not. He went to the police. But the thief has not yet been caught. Although cctv cameras can clearly record the morphology, "He is worried about his mother and family members, if he goes to the bathroom at night and encounters a thief, there may be danger. Tell the villain, "What if the curry paste is delicious? You don't have to come by yourself often. Thakface Mana What the heck !!!?" The size of the sign is written on it. The thieves are still stealing things. He wants the police to catch the culprit as soon as possible," Mr. Preecha said, adding that CCTV footage clearly showed the villain's appearance, probably a psychopath, who sniffed his underwear, underwear and dumped it in the overgrown forest. They also steal food in the kitchen and steal chickens raised by the villagers to cook food. As deputy permanent secretary, Pho Thong police coordinated with village leaders in all 3 sub-districts in the area to inquire who the culprit was. The police officers have gone to the area to investigate, but there are still no clues about the culprit, which wants the police to speed up the pursuit to prosecute the case quickly because they are all paranoid. Ms. Nataporn Padcha, 30, another villager, said her house was also attacked by the attacker. Until his father did not fall asleep, he suffered from a lot of stress and paranoia, which he had already reported to the local police, but he still could not be caught. In addition, his house was also hit during the chase. Asked by reporters, the reporter said the police were not silent in their investigation and arrested the culprit. The villagers are rarely cooperative, making it slow to investigate the real culprit. He urged villagers who are victims and have clues to come forward with clearer information to help the police in finding the perpetrators and prosecuting them.
Drunk police opened fire in the middle of a restaurant, was hit by an M-16, killing 1, injuring 2.|Shooting at a restaurant in songkhla city center After the drunk police department made a loud noise. The other party went in to warn, and then hit and splashed bullets, including an M-16, an 11mm gun, killing 1, injuring 2. Order a fact-based investigation. Ready for bipartisan fairness The Songkhla Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant for the shooting at 2:40 a.m. on Jan. 15, 2022. Deputy Inspector General of Police Sinhanagar received a report of a shooting at a restaurant on the night of the Singhanakhon fire. It is located in Moo 1, T. Chinko, A. Singhanakorn, which is adjacent to the fire station of the Municipality of Singhanakorn. After going to the area, go to investigate the crime scene with Lt. Col. Xue Wunnu, Director, Singhanagar Maj. Gen. Kanchit Nakramntree The deputy investigating officer and officers from the Forensic Evidence Center 9 initially learned that 3 people were shot and injured. Mr. Kachen Kalakunchon, but died while being taken to the hospital. Mrs. Pranee Nilpan Injured and Lt. Col. Narongsak Ornom Both the dead and the injured belong to the same group. The mob knew that there were 3 people and a child included in the investigation at the scene, found 6 shell casings of 11 mm gun inside the store and 10 shell casings of 5.56 caliber guns. Later, a group of about 6 deceased people came to sit. Afterwards, the two sides heard a loud noise from the deceased and Yin spoke warningly, causing the other party to become dissatisfied and escalate into a shout and shoot. The assailant then walked out of the store to a pickup truck parked next to the store and picked up the firearm in the car, which was an M-firearm. 16 Shots were fired at the group of the deceased and the deceased, who drew a firearm and fired in retaliation. After the gunfire, police and the men were shot dead and three others injured. Maj. Gen. Pongpan Chandraapa The deputy chief of police, who is in charge of the case, has 4 investigative units. The Songkhla Provincial Police Investigation Unit, The 9th Investigation Unit and the Police Suppression Division went to the scene of the incident and investigated additional witnesses on both the police side of the shooting and the culprit. One of the policemen who went along but was lucky to be lying in the car didn't go down to eat. He said that at the time of the shooting, three police officers and three civilians had been eating at the restaurant after the children's day event, but they did not know what the cause was because they were sleepy and asked to sleep in the car. The 12-year-old boy who was involved in the incident said that before the incident, the father took him to a children's day party at this restaurant with 1 other father's friend, later the other party came to the table next to him and got drunk and spoke loudly. I don't have anything", and got up and walked away, but was followed by his father's shirt to see if he had a gun, so he shook his head, and the other party used his friend to get the gun, so he walked back to the car and told him to wait in the street and then heard a gunshot. BEFORE THE FATHER DROVE OUT TO PICK HIM UP AND TAKE HIM TO HIS HOUSE, HE WENT TO BED AND DROVE OUT OF THE HOUSE TO SPONSORED, HOWEVER, THIS INCIDENT, EVEN THOUGH THE OTHER PARTY WAS A VILLAGER AND THE OTHER PARTY HAD POLICE INVOLVED IN THE INCIDENT. Maj. Gen. Vara Vejjapinan The Police Commissioner has ordered an investigation and prosecution to ensure fairness to both parties as recently as this afternoon. (Jan 15) The Songkhla Provincial Court has issued arrest warrants for the two suspects, Wanchai Jeanthong, 35, or Boy, who was the shooter, and Nattapol Pali, 25, another friend who was involved in the incident. Without permission to carry firearms without incident and urgency, police are now searching for clues and arresting the two.
Believe shoot before burning. A charred body was found in a car in Lopburi. Open skull|Lean witness Another sedan was seen parked before a fire broke out in Lopburi. Police found an open skull and a fuel tank lid opened, similar to wanting to burn the car with the body to show that he died from the fire. At 11:58 p.m. on Jan. 15, Lt. Col. Ekwit Thongpoom. The Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Lopburi Police Station, together with volunteers of Lopburi Gratitude Foundation, went to the fire that burned the saloon at the Lopburi-Singburi bypass road. Moo 1, Kokko Subdistrict It is a black and gray Lancer sedan with registration number 5518 Lopburi. About 50 meters away from the rear of the car, one 9 mm shell casing was found, so it was kept as evidence. According to the inquiry, Mr. Lek, 32, an eyewitness who drove the pickup truck to the scene, said he followed the pickup truck and saw the car parked on the side of the road. Another sedan was parked in a white sedan, probably a Toyota Yaris, and when he approached, the white sedan closed its door and drove away from the scene, heading towards Tha Vung District. Turn left, turn on the lights and drive along the irrigation canal road toward Ban Kluek Subdistrict, Saraburi Province He didn't dare to park, so he drove away and looked back at the driver's side window open, and saw people fumbling on the steering wheel, loud horns, and a fire burning in the saloon. When another pickup truck came to a stop, he called the police to investigate. It was found that the lid of the fuel tank was opened, and later relatives of the deceased came to see it. Mr. Suwit Bornkaew, 48 years old, lived in Moo 11, Bang Khu Subdistrict, Tha Vung District, Lopburi Province, where relatives said that the deceased had a career in private business and issued a loan. I DON'T KNOW WHERE I'm going, and I usually go back and forth between my house and my boyfriend's house. P.W. Lopburi along with the doctor of Ananda Mahidol Hospital examined the condition of the corpse and found that the head of the deceased was burned to the ground, but the front skull was open, it was expected to be caused by a gunshot. Before opening the lid of the fuel tank and setting it on fire in the car to camouflage that he died from the car fire. The cause is likely to be a conflict of interest for some business.
Drunk Russian man runs into the window of Seven's shop, heads up|A drunken tourist boy enters a convenience store. Walking Street South Pattaya molested a customer and ran into a broken glass door, shards of glass and injured a store employee. At 04.30 a.m. on January 16, 2023, the Pattaya City Special Affairs Officer Radio Center, Chonburi province, received an incident report. Foreign tourists go crazy, destroy property and injure villagers. The incident occurred on Walking Street. South Pattaya Nong Prue Bang Lamung, Chon Buri After receiving the notification, he coordinated with the police officers to patrol the Pattaya City Police Department. Pattaya City Rescue Officers rushed to investigate the scene and found a large number of tourists watching the incident. Investigators found a man resembling a Russian national. About 35-40 years old, in a frenzy, shouting and yelling. Wandering around in seven convenience stores In front of Soi Walking 14, Walking Street, the special affairs officers led the blockade. Before relying on accidental beats. The raiders took him into custody and found that the glass door of the convenience store had been damaged and shattered, and there was blood stains dripping from it. The injured person's name is Mrs. Kanya. Inpanon, 53, a convenience store employee, was cut by shards of glass. The other is Win Jai. Mr. Doong, 32, was injured when he hit his head and broke his eyebrows. THE FOREIGNER, WHO WAS IN A FRENZY, HAD A GLASS WOUND TO HIS LEG AND WAS INJURED, AND RESCUE WORKERS PROVIDED FIRST AID BEFORE BEING TRANSPORTED TO THE HOSPITAL. Know that foreigners have come to pick up drinking water. Before molesting a customer and running into the glass until it broke, Win Jai said that a convenience store employee called for help that there was a drunk foreigner rampaging in the store, so he went to help. Seeing that the situation was not good, the officers helped to arrest them.
Pattaya taxi mafia pulls gun, threatens to injure bolt driver|A group of taxi drivers in Pattaya held talks with a group of bolt drivers. The issue of dividing the area to pick up passengers but cannot be agreed upon. At 11:30 p.m. on January 15, 2023, Mr. Somchai Thongdee, 40, and Mr. Kriangsak Rubythong, 39, the driver of the BOLT, picked up passengers. Travel to report to Lt. Col. Pitak Noensaeng Pattaya City Police Investigation Committee After being attacked by a group of able-bodied men with guns, he was injured. The incident occurred at a bus station in North Pattaya. M.6 Naklua Bang Lamung, Chon Buri After receiving the report, he wrote a diary as evidence to Mr. Kriangsak, one of the injured. He said that prior to the incident, a group of their bolt drivers had arranged a meeting with a group of taxi handlers. The taxi group consists of more than 30 taxi drivers and outsiders. The taxi driver pulled out a firearm and threatened, before a group of able-bodied men attacked him and injured him with a bulging wound on his face and three stitches. Insist on prosecuting the case to the end.   Initially, the officers recorded the case as evidence and coordinated with the investigating police to search the area for the alleged mafia and armed crimes in the transport area. There are tourists roaming around all the time. It is very damaging to the image. Both groups will be invited to investigate and ensure fairness.
Big Joke reveals 16 arrest warrants for state police and interpreters Chinese money plowing gang in former consul Nauru house|Big Joke, accused of plowing 4 million Chinese in the past at Nauru consular residence, asked for arrest warrants for 5 DSI officers, 1 soldier, 1 interpreter and 9 sq. m. by Chong. The Police Commissioner considered to stop performing his duties. On Jan. 17, 2023, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, said: Police issued arrest warrants for 191 officers of the Department of Special Investigation and Police raided the Nauru Consulate and demanded benefits from Chinese suspects of more than 4 million baht. It is believed that the person who conducted the search. A total of 16 people, including 5 DSI officers, 9 police officers, 1 soldier and 1 Chinese interpreter, committed the actual offences as complained. He pleaded guilty throughout the charges, confirming that an appointment was made for a friend of the accused, who is Chinese, to bring 4 million baht. 4 million baht was given to a gas station. Cctv footage is evidenced. If the results of the investigation reach anyone, they will prosecute the case without omission and prepare a summary of the report. The Deputy Commissioner of Police said that for this case, the accused were divided into two groups, the first group being DSI officers and 14 police officers, who were prosecuted for 157 offences of wrongful performance or omission of duty, and the charges under Section 149 were summoning or receiving benefits which carries a penalty of life imprisonment or death, and Section 187 for destruction of objects and belongings. Group 2: Chinese soldiers and interpreters were prosecuted for encouraging officials to claim benefits, encouraging officials to jointly perform their duties or refraining from performing their duties unlawfully, and being joint officials in order to help others avoid punishment or lesser punishment. The former consul agreed to agree that the two Chinese nationals who stayed at the residence had red notices from the Chinese authorities and how they entered Thailand.
Kill Uthen sacrifice. Roadside blackout, outrageous landslide in the middle of the city Closed circuit sheep hunting sniper|The academy battle erupted again, 2 villains wearing helmets, full helmets, riding, and splashing bullets at the group. Uthen At the bus stop in front of the Faculty of Pharmacy, a bullet killed a 3rd year student at Chulalongkorn Hospital after a police incident at Pathumwan Police Station. Control in front of the entrance door Although the institute suspended classes until Jan. 18, the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, warned students to be cautious. Avoid wearing shirts, shopping outside the university fence, or dressing like rivals of 2 nearby institutions In the investigation of the culprit, the deputy chief of police has already made great progress after social media published cctv footage. There were 2 criminals wearing full helmets, riding and piled up through a bus stop in front of the Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University, Phayathai Road. Wangmai Subdistrict, Pathumwan District Bangkok: An unknown-sized gun was fired at a group of Rajamangala University of Technology East campus students. The bullet was fired by Mr. Krishna or James Capekaew. A 3rd year civil engineering student from Rajamangala University of Technology East, Uthenthawai Campus, fell and was injured before his colleagues helped bring the body to the hospital. He later died. The incident occurred at 8:40 p.m. on Jan. 14. At 5:30 p.m. on Jan. 17, the atmosphere in front of Gate 1, Rajamangala University of Technology East, Uthenthawai Campus. Police Officer, Prevention and Suppression Department Pathumwan Police Station Patrol cars were parked with flashing lights on, and there were still blood stains on the sidewalk near the bus stop. Mr. Krishna's body was taken by relatives from Forensic Medicine Hospital to a charity service at Dong Chan Do Temple. Wang Yai Subdistrict, Tha Tako District Hometown, Nakhon Sawan province at the same time Faculty of Engineering and Architecture, Rajamangala University of Technology East, Uthentawai Campus Notice of suspension of classes in the area and strictly prohibiting students from entering the area. Avoid adverse events CLASSES WILL BE HELD ONLINE FROM JAN. 16-18 FOR 3 DAYS. The Student Committee of the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, has alerted all students via the LINE application to take precautions when entering the study, including avoiding wearing shirts outside the university fence or dressing in a similar manner to the two neighboring institutions in Pathumwan district to ensure the safety of tracking the perpetrators. It was reported that Pol. Maj. Gen. Noppsilp Poonsawat, deputy chief of police, called a meeting of the investigation team. Metropolitan Investigation and Investigation Department Pathumwan Police Department hastened to track down the perpetrators to prosecute the case quickly. Much progress has been made on the information from the investigation department. Both CCTV evidence and escape routes. As for incident prevention measures, the local police have already conducted strict surveillance in the surrounding area.
Collect trainers R.R. Dang nonthaburi took the girl in 2nd grade to buy us in a rented room.|Rattanathibet Police Department Collect trainers R.R. Dang took a female student in 2nd grade to pay us in a rented room on Teacher's Day. The quote is not mandatory. The child consented to himself and secretly talked for 1 month, the reporter reported that at 7.30 p.m. on January 17, 2023 at Rattanathibet Police Station, Nonthaburi Province. Maj. Gen. A.M. Mesanon Lt. Col. Pasakorn Chaitaweewong The deputy police chief was arrested. Mr. Thanawat Upachan, 22 years old, a teacher at a famous high school in Mueang Nonthaburi area. The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 43/66. We commit acts against children under the age of fifteen who are not their wives or husbands. Whether the child consents or not, commits indecent acts on a child under fifteen years of age, with or without consent, taking a child up to fifteen years of age for obscenity. Even if the person consents, without reasonable cause, taking away a child under fifteen years of age from his parents. Parents or caregivers for pedophilia They can be arrested at the side of the public road. Pracha Niwet Village 3 T.Thasai The arrest was made by Ms. A (pseudonym), 46 years old, the parent of Dr. B (pseudonym), a 2nd grade student. Therefore, he expected the truth until he learned that the granddaughter was picked up by Mr. Thanawat, a trainer, riding in a black and red Honda Wave I with registration number 127 Nakhon Pathom, and raped her at the daily rental room at RICH RESIDENCE apartment, Soi Tiwanon 36, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District. The incident occurred at 12.30 p.m. on January 16, 2023, so he reported the case to Lt. Col. Prajj Pichai, Deputy Senator (Investigation). Rattanathibet Police Station at 02.30 a.m. on January 17, 2023, in order to prosecute sponsored cases after the incident, sent Dr. J.B. (pseudonym) for medical examination to Phra Nang Klao Hospital. Before preliminary enquiry, it was learned that Dr. B (pseudonym) agreed to go with Mr. Thanawat, a real trainer, to interrogate Mr. Thanawat, the accused, and confessed that he was studying at a college. He then interned as a trainer and secretly talked to the child for 1 month, admitting wrongdoing to the child, but not forcing the child. Rattanathibet Police Chief Na kwan said that despite the victim's consent, the victim was an underage juvenile in the custody of his parents after the investigation and sent the accused to the police for questioning. Rattanathibet Police Station, Nonthaburi province, continues to prosecute the law.
"Somsak" Lightning strikes, removes "Traiyarit Temhiwong" from DSI|"Somsak Thepsutin" Lightning bounce Remove "Traiyarit Temhiwong" from DSI Move to Nitiwit Suriya Singhamol was replaced at 1:27 p.m. on January 18, 2023, the reporter reported. The Minister of Justice signed an order dated 18 January 2023 on the assignment of civil servants to perform official duties and to act on their behalf. Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong The Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation shall perform official duties at the Institute of Forensic Sciences and act on behalf of the Director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences. Lt. Col. Suriya Singhamol, director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, went to perform official duties at the Department of Special Investigation and on behalf of the Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation to ensure that the administration of the Department of Special Investigation and the Institute of Forensic Science, Ministry of Justice, was orderly and efficient. The person responsible for performing official duties appropriate to the responsibilities of government agencies, which will be beneficial to the government by virtue of Sections 20 and 46 of the Public Administration Regulation Act B.E. 2534 and amended (No. 5) B.E. 2545 with effect from now on.
"Big on," he hastened to check the money-sucking charging cable. Found caused by loading a dating bootleg app.|"Big Continued" Jang, a complaint about being sucked up by a charging cable, has investigated the real cause caused by loading a bootleg app into a mobile phone, which is the source that caused the money to be lost, and warned the public not to be fooled by fraudsters to download the app on January 18, 2023. Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, revealed the progress of the case of the victims who complained through the Sai Mai page that they had been sucked out of the bank account app by a mobile phone charger. The Commissioner of Police for Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI) said that by examining the victim's phone, he was not aware of the incident. A fake dating app called Sweet meet was found to have been installed on the mobile phone, which corresponds to the history of entering the website to install the app, which is the main reason why money was sucked out of the banking app. Confirm that this case is not related to the data suction charging cable as it appears in the news. Recently, the police have been ordered to take action in the relevant areas. The deputy commissioner said that the urgent issue now is to warn the public. Don't be fooled by scammers into downloading the app to watch live, if you want to install the app, it must be installed from Google Play or app store only. Charging cables made for data extraction are practical, but they don't have access to apps to extract money. Most of them can only suck basic data or GPS data, and it is also a tool for experts to use only technically only.
Commanders The NPS said it will finalize the case of the director-general of the NPS next week.|The P.O.P. commander revealed The investigating officer prepares a summary of the case. The Director-General of the NPS called for a tribute to be sent to the P.O.C. within the next week in order to meet the deadline within 30 days to ensure that the evidence was clear at 2.30 p.m. on January 18, 2023 at the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Division (BPO). Maj. Gen. Jaroonkiat Pankaew P.O.P.S. Revealing the progress of the case at Mr. Rajada Suriyakul Na Ayutthaya, Director-General of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plants Called for the benefit of the appointment of civil servants under the agency, the investigating officer prepared to send the expression. In order to meet the deadline within 30 days after the P.P.C. receives the complaint, it is January 26. The next P.O.P.C. He said that the interrogation of those involved in the case was divided into three groups, the first of which was the group that collected 98,000 baht for Mr. Chaiwat Limlikitsorn. Director of the 9th Conservation Area Management Office to bring money to Rajada. The group consisted of 17 witnesses. 13 money owners, 3 money collectors and 1 chaiwat, all of whom testified in accordance with each other. The second group is those affected by the previous lobbying payments. There were 5 people, Maj. Gen. Jaroonkiat said, for the third group, which was a group of supervisors whose names and positions appeared on the front of the money envelope that was discovered in Mr. Rajada's office. There are 14 envelopes that can confirm the identity of the person from 21 envelopes, but in 14 envelopes that can be identified and 1 envelope that does not contain money, the owner denies being involved. There were 4 people who gave benefits, the rest claimed to be money for the order of King Rama V replica to put money into the fund to help government officials under the agency, money used in the wildlife rescue fund, and money used in other aspects. He also said he was confident in the available evidence that he would be able to convict Mr Rajada. Although there are many witnesses who deny that they did not pay lobbying for the position, it will ultimately have to be right. The P.O.C. is still investigating. It is believed that at that stage there will be many more witnesses returning their testimony. Because no one wants to be accused. The P.P.C. will also be guilty.
Cyber police have filed a case of hacking a mobile phone that transferred money out of an account from downloading a thief's app through a bootleg link.|Cyber police say 20 victims have been hacked into their mobile phones, transferring money from their accounts, pointing out that users downloaded the thief's app by clicking a link in SMS. Internet access is turned off at 2:00 p.m. on Jan. 18, 2023 at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Revealing the case of Mr. Universe Yellowprasert The founder of the Silk Road page must survive. Nearly 20 victims were hacked into their mobile phone accounts and transferred money to their accounts, saying they had suddenly lost their accounts and had not made any transactions on the phone's screen after receiving information from the victims. Assigned to Maj. Gen. Kantapong Chairungruang Chief Of Staff Take detailed information of each victim for examination. Initially, nearly 20 victims were identified, of whom the victims consented to authorities. 1 of the 3 phones has been cleared and therefore cannot be checked. The remaining 2 devices were found to have loaded the application through a link into the phone. The cause is ignorance or unrecognizable. The downloaded application is not loaded from the play store and app store with security, but if it comes from clicking on a website link, it may be a link of a fraudster who fakes the victim. If you want to load any application, please download the official application from Google's play store and Apple's App store only for security reasons. During Chinese New Year, etc. He said the victims had not yet brought their phones for examination. If it is checked, it can be checked to confirm whether a suspicious application has been loaded. If there is a suspicious application on your phone. Criminals may be able to hack more information. Meanwhile, people who have loaded the application suspect or suspect that they have loaded the application and think that they are going to be the victim. First, cut off the Internet signal. Turn on airplane mode or turn off the phone immediately to cut off the gangster's lane.
"Big Royal" Wade island sinhai Ranong delighted with community model to solve drug problems in real way |"Big Luang" landed on Sinhai Island, Ranong province. Follow community models to tackle drug abuse. Many communities promoted the project until it became truly drug-free on Jan. 18, 2023 at 3 p.m. at Ban Koh Sinhai School, Ranong Province. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff, by Maj. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, Deputy Superintendent of Police Assigned to Lt. Gen. Panurat Lakboon, Assistant The Director-General/Deputy Director of the PSC visited the implementation of the Sustainable Communities Project. To solve the drug problem in a comprehensive manner in accordance with the National Strategy for fiscal year 2023 of Paknam Police Department. Lieutenant Colonel Cherdpong Chewpreecha Lieutenant Colonel Ranong, Lt. Col. Parus Can, Paknam Police Chief, Mr. Yamrat Usem Chief/Local Leader, Mr. Rofed Mahamad, Imam's Table/Religious Leader, Mr. Surin Singer Hospital Director, Koh Sinhai, Administrative Officer and Police Commissioner Paknam Police Department participated in the audit of SPONSORED by Sinhai Island Basic Information under responsibility. Paknam Police Station (which is responsible for 2 subdistricts, there are 2 islands in charge, namely Koh Sinhai and Koh Lao) on Sinhai Island, there is no police guard box or there is no regular subdistrict patrol. There is 1 extension school, approximately 300 students, and 1 subdistrict health promotion hospital located about 18 km from the shore. Approximately 1 hour 30 minutes/speedboat (approx. 45 minutes) Most occupations are local fishing, where the majority of the population is Muslim for the population statistics on Sinhai Island. 270 households with a population of approximately 1,300 people searched for 87 people who were drug users/patients and 87 people participated in therapy. Moderate Eater/Patient (Yellow) 84 people, 1 need improvement level (red) and psychiatric patients treated by hospital. Two people, Lt. Gen. Panurat, said the governor revealed the present. The community is more comfortable because there are no drug users and people who have used drugs until they become addicted. Nowadays, it is cured. The community lives in peace. In addition, Mr. Rofeed, a religious leader, thanked the police and administrative officers, as well as public health officials, for helping to take care of the community until it was truly drug-free, and gave 10,000 baht to paknam police for use in the implementation of the project, 20,000 baht and rice and dry food. Drinking water to the community to develop the project. 
The Supreme Court denied him bail. Hot water and 4 others in the Lanlabel case suggest they may have escaped.|The Supreme Court has ordered that bail not be granted. 1st to 4th defendants in the case of Pretty Lanlabelle's death. Consider the seriousness of the charges and the circumstances of the case. There is reason to believe that defendants 1-4 will escape the Court of Appeal sentenced to 8 years in prison for "warm water". The owner of the house and 3 of them were charged with support, imprisonment for 5 years and 4 months, and together they paid 7.4 lakh baht. The other 2 were acquitted by the Court of Appeal and sentenced to 8 years in prison. The 1st defendant in the case, Ms. Thitima or Lanlabel Narapanpipat, aged 26 years, died of the girl. The detention of others caused the death of the victim and imprisonment for 5 years and 4 months. Panna Defendant No. 2, Mr. Natee or Tee. Sathitpongsathaporn Defendant No. 3, Ms. Pikulthong or First Boonpa. Defendant No. 4 advocated for organizing a party for drinking in a house in Bang Bua Thong district. By hiring Miss Thitima, or Lanlabel, came to brew liquor, dance, and then committed a detention that resulted in death. The court dismissed the case against two defendants, defendants 1-4 filed an application for interim release in the Supreme Court, and the Thonburi Criminal Court, which is the court of first instance, sent the request for temporary release to the Supreme Court. On the same day, on January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court, considering the seriousness of the charges and the circumstances of the case, together with the two lower courts, sentenced the 1st defendant to 8 years imprisonment and the 2nd and 4th defendants to 5 years and 4 months each. Therefore, it is not permissible to grant interim release to defendants 1-4 during the trial, therefore, the four defendants will continue to be held in custody.
Arrested for stealing 10 million from fitness locker room Get secretly to pump the keys.|Provincial Investigation Police Region 1 raided a 37-year-old man's room in a condo in Ngam Wong Wan district. The property of a young businessman who stole more than 10 million from a fitness room locker confessed to being a customer who secretly took the keys to the pump at 8 p.m. on Jan. 18, 2023. Chief Of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Worachart Saenkham Deputy Chief of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Poonsuk Tejaprasertporn, Deputy Director 1 1st Army Corps The police investigating region 1 searched the room on the 8th floor of Liberty Condo, Soi Ngamwongwan 23, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Muang District, Nonthaburi Province. At the time of the inspection, there was Mr. Narongpol Pongsothon, 37 years old, a villager of Soi Montri Suriyawongse 10, Na Muang Subdistrict, Mueang Ratchaburi District, Ratchaburi Province. Show yourself as the owner of the room. The police searched the room and found several items, including 1 Phra Somdet, 2. 3 baht gold necklace, 3 pairs of addidas ultraboos, 4. 1 hermes bracelet, 5. 1 nude pants, 6. 1 pair of white native exercise shoes, 7. 1 pair of gym shorts, 8. 1 horse-green shoulder bag, 9. garuda badge. TO CONDUCT A PRELIMINARY SPONSORED INVESTIGATION. Mr. Narongpol pleaded guilty to being a customer who used the fitness facility and committed a burglary inside the fitness locker room. Inside ngamwongwan shopping mall Bangkhen Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, valued at 10 million baht Actually, I took the locker key to the pump. When he took the opportunity to steal the property of Mr. Sathit Watano, 35, a real estate businessman. Villagers Sala Thammasop Subdistrict, Thawi Watthana District Bangkok  The incident occurred at 6 p.m. on Jan. 10, 2023. Police are in the process of gathering evidence of an arrest warrant in Nonthaburi Provincial Court.
Teacher releases hospital 2 charges Police rushed to take care of more than a dozen victims.|The teacher had sex with several female students, left the hospital and was hit. 2 charges filed The court granted bail after detaining at least 10 victims and set up an examination in the case of a male art teacher at a high school in Nakhon Ratchasima province. Having sex with a 3rd grade girl 6th graders It is very detrimental to the nation's mold printing industry. After the scandalous clip was leaked on social media following the proposed news, today (January 18, 2023), Police Colonel Sanchai Phisaiphan Superintendent Non Sung Police Station The police said the male teacher was injured when he stabbed himself with a knife. Now that the condition has improved, the doctor has allowed him to be discharged from the hospital. After being discharged from the hospital, the police invited him to acknowledge the allegations. Initially, the investigating officer informed the prosecution of 2 serious charges, comprising: The charges include taking a minor over the age of 15 but not over 18 years old from his parents for obscenity and importing obscene information into a computer system. He said that after the allegations were filed against the male teacher, he was arrested. The investigating officer asked the Nakhon Ratchasima Provincial Court to issue a warrant for the accused. The accused has applied to the court for bail. Initially, it was learned that the court had granted bail to fight the case. However, the police are confident in the available evidence that they will be able to take action against the male teacher. Director of The Office of Nakhon Ratchasima Secondary Education Area He revealed that he has now set up a serious disciplinary investigation committee against the art teacher. The deputy director of the Nakhon Ratchasima Secondary Education Area Office chaired the investigation committee and ordered the teacher to leave the government service. After this, the school and the parents will file criminal charges against the teacher. IT ALSO ORDERED THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE THE DIRECTOR OF THE SCHOOL AT THE SCENE OF THE INCIDENT AS TO WHETHER THERE WAS ANY DEFECT THAT HAD BEEN NEGLECTED UNTIL THE INCIDENT OCCURRED. As for the schoolgirls, many of the victims were If the child does not want to continue studying at the same place, he will coordinate a new school, which initially received at least 3 reports of child victims, but it is estimated that there are at least 10 child victims.
Military ranks Drunk driver rams into a parked car on the side of the road, killing 1 person with alcohol up to 331|Lopburi- Military ranks, drunken paws, staggering back and forth Hit a car parked on the side of the road. 1 dead, 5 injured at the time of the incident, 331 milligrams of alcohol Police initially charged him with drunk driving and causing death to a person. The reporter reported that at 5:10 p.m. on January 18, 2023, Lt. Col. Rattanatrai Pongthong, deputy senator (investigation) Peniyad Police Station, Khok Samrong District, Lopburi Province, received a report of a car collision on Suranarai Road. Ban Pong Yeo Junction T. Wang Pheling Several people were injured at the scene, so they went to check with the doctors of Khok Samrong Hospital and Khok Samrong Rescue Society at the scene. Found a black Isuzu pickup truck. Registration number 7443 Phetchabun and a black Isuzu pickup truck, registration number 2347 Lopburi, fell on the side of the road in a demolished condition, especially the pickup truck with registration number 7443 Phetchabun, the rear wheel fell off the road. Registration number 7443 Phetchabun Was parked on the side of the road in the trunk of the sedan To receive the package from the Toyota Vios Suddenly there was a pickup truck with registration number Mechanical 2347 Lopburi that was driving at high speed. The driver of the pickup truck, registration number 7443 Phetchabun, was struck by a loud bang, causing both cars to fall off the road. The injured were found crying out for help. Among the 6 injured were Mrs. Amnuay Suksamran, 54 years old, living at 189 Moo 2, Wang Pheling Subdistrict. KOK SAMRONG LOPBURI DIED WITH A BROKEN LEFT LEG AND 5 OTHERS WERE INJURED AND TRANSPORTED TO KHOK SAMRONG HOSPITAL, ALL OF WHOM WERE RELATIVES OF SPONSORED FROM THE INVESTIGATION. Mr. Boonsom Nakkham, 33, a military officer affiliated with Lopburi Province. He suffered minor injuries. The driver of the pickup truck with registration number 2347 Lopburi, the vehicle that crashed in the rear, testified to the officers. The alcohol content was measured at 331 milligrams per cent, which is considered significantly overdue. The police detained the investigating officer, Peniyad Police Station, to wait for the investigation and prosecution, initially charging him with drunk driving causing death and injury.
Another scandal, a plan to catch excise, carrying an employee of a mobile device store - rolled 3 lakhs.|Samut Prakan police plan to arrest excise officers joining a gang of able-bodied men to raid a mobile device store, arrest the manager and store clerk, carry him to his car and park, negotiate fines, 300,000 tax evasion products, and avoid prosecution. At 3:30 p.m. on January 18, 2023, Mr.WU YIWEN, 31 years old, went to report to Lt. Col. Patcharathorn Noppathansawat, the investigating officer of Samut Prakan Police Station, after a able-bodied man, claiming to be an officer of the Excise Department, came to request a search inside the mobile phone shop. Before catching the store manager. Burmese subordinates get in the car. Receive over 300,000 baht In exchange for release. The incident occurred at the shophouse, 99/110 Soi U-Thong 37/2, Tambon Tai Ban Mai. Muang, Samut Prakan On the same afternoon, Mr.WU said he was the brother of the shop owner. Mobile phone devices have been selling for a long time, but they used to be opened in the mall before moving to a shophouse in Soi U Thong. I don't want to mention which agency it is. He frequently collected royalties at the shop, which he himself paid because he did not want to have problems until this afternoon, when he was absent, with his brother and two Burmese female employees guarding the shop. There were 6-7 able-bodied men claiming to be excise department officers driving in front of the store. Before entering the store, he said that the equipment sold was illegal, evading taxes. BEFORE HE AND HIS EMPLOYEES BOARDED THE CAR, THE GROUP CONTACTED HIM SAYING THAT HE WOULD BE FINED MORE THAN 300,000 BAHT. Later, it was extended to 50 thousand baht, but he was afraid that he would not be safe and was not sure if he was a real officer. Therefore, he came to report the case to the Samut Prakan Police Station. The investigating officers, led by Pol. Maj. Gen. Chachapong Khaosan, a Samut Prakan City Police Commissioner, arranged for the victims to talk to the group of able-bodied men as usual and said that they would bring the money as agreed. Before the police stacked up plans to make an arrest. The money will be handed over at the pump area. PTT beside The Naval Academy, Sukhumvit Road Paknam In Samut Prakan district, police officers were deployed to ambush and wait until the appointment time to find a Toyota pickup truck. Mr.Wu, silver bronze, registration 3B8533, was parked in the pump and the two victims were also sitting in the car. The officer took a copy of the evidence and walked out of the car and handed it to a group of able-bodied men. Police cordoned off the vehicle and found three men claiming to be excise officers. The money found in the car claimed that the victim brought it to pay the fine, but the officers did not believe it, so the three men were taken into custody. The person came to investigate at the Samut Prakan Police Station, however, after checking inside the car, found the official card of the P.P.S. Specify a name Mr. Sawaroj Beauty Locate A skilled officer under the Excise Department was also found in the car and also found a black vest with 2 logos of the Excise Department placed in the car. Ms. Mothila Jaiprom, 21, the store manager, said that while she was sitting in the restaurant, she was not able to find the restaurant. More than 6-7 able-bodied men, wearing vests with the excise department's badge, entered the store, asked for a search, and said they were selling tax evasion items. Before getting himself into the car, the three men took him to the parking lot. In front of the Excise Department office Near Samut Prakan City Hall, but not escorted into the office. The men threatened that if they did not bring 300,000 baht to pay the fine, they would not pay the fine. If arrested by the police, it will be a bigger matter and have to go to court, so he called the shop owner and told him the details. But the shop owner had 50,000 before the appointment was made at the gas station, a preliminary investigation was conducted. It is known that the men arrested were 2 excise officers and 1 civilian, and details are under investigation. It was also found that there was another car, probably belonging to the rest of the group. After seeing the police, they drove away. THE OFFICERS WILL FOLLOW UP AND INVESTIGATE FURTHER.
Chinese New Year 2023, The Director of The Ministry of Public Administration prohibits the call for benefits, affecting the image of the organization.|The Police Chief cares about the people. Put in place security measures to take care of traffic during Chinese New Year 2023, warn the public to be careful to prevent fires. Do not claim unlawful benefits. Impact on corporate image and career on January 19, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman Disclose the measures to take care of the safety of the people. During the Chinese New Year festival from January 20-22, 2023, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Chief of Police, is concerned about the people during the Chinese New Year festival when Thais of Chinese descent will come out to shop. Perform ancestral offerings Visiting relatives and traveling, which may cause unsafe life and property from fraudsters, fire hazards, and traffic problems.  Therefore, the Police Commissioner has established measures to take care of safety to prevent and suppress various forms of crime and facilitate traffic for the people, directing patrols and investigators to intensify patrols at various tourist attractions, monitoring cases of mayhem against property, at markets where goods are sold for offerings, and monitoring for mayhem against property at banks. Gold shop, jewellery shop Convenience store Almshouse Places where various activities are held, including groups of scammers who will deceive in various ways, such as online scams. As for the people who will travel. Visit relatives, publicize the deposit of the house with the police for safety, watch for fires, fires, etc. to pay homage to ancestors. Light incense candles. Burn the paper according to the beliefs, with a response plan in place. Rehearse incidents in high-risk, densely populated areas by coordinating with relevant units to encourage immigration police to intensify immigration document patrols. Prohibited persons blacklist and equip sufficient staff to oversee immigration facilitation for traffic facilitation. Equipment and communication systems to reduce traffic congestion in areas where people prefer to travel or pay homage to their ancestors. Routes are prepared to accommodate heavy traffic. Not to affect traffic on the main route, the spokesperson said. "The Police Commissioner has prohibited police officers from receiving any other benefits that they do not like on Chinese New Year by being careful of practices that may affect the image of the organization and professions by having supervisors at all levels closely monitor, supervise and supervise the operations of subordinates. Avoid firecrackers. firework In a way that can cause harm and annoyance to others. If you are going to travel or visit relatives in other provinces, you can leave your home under the Leave Your Home with the Police Program. If you need assistance or report an incident, you can report it to the local police or call the 191 and 1599 hotlines 24 hours a day."
Raid on CEO's house "Primaya" After being arrested - claiming to invest 6 thousand teeth 15 million|"Big Chick"-Lt. Gen. Worawat, Director general of the MINISTRY Lead a cyber police team "Bees crack the hive" raids the home of CEO "Mae Primaya" after the court issued an arrest warrant in the Computer Crime Act case. In the case of claiming to invest 6 thousand teeth, profit 15 million in 3 months. The police chief made the announcement this afternoon at 07.00 on January 19, 2023, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Command Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Kritach Bamrungrattanayos, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Apirak Champasri, 2nd Lt. Col. The force searched house no. 189/24, Laddarom Village, Bangna. Bang kaeo Bangplee, Samutprakarn province, which is the residence of Ms. Pichayanaree Tantiwit. 28 years old or Mae Primaya Owner of dietary supplements under the brand name PRIMAYA (PRIMAYA) The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 41/2566 dated 17 January 2023 for the offence of fraud or deception. ENTERING INTO THE COMPUTER SYSTEM ANY COMPUTER DATA THAT IS DISTORTED OR FALSIFIED, WHETHER IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR FALSE COMPUTER DATA, WHICH IS LIKELY TO CAUSE DAMAGE TO THE PUBLIC ACCORDING TO THE SEARCH WARRANT OF THE CRIMINAL COURT NO. 62/2566 DATED 18 JANUARY 2023. According to the initial inquiry, the housekeeper informed the authorities that he had left the house since yesterday, going with Mr. Siddharth Praise or Sag. The boyfriend, who did not specify where he would be going, initially searched for evidence and seized dietary supplements. In addition, the search was conducted at 9999/9 Moo 2, T. Praksa Mai. Mueang Samut Prakan District, Samut Prakan Province, where Prima Company is located. It was also reported that the search came from the officers finding that Ms. Pichanree Tantiwit or Mae Primaya had been arrested. Owner of dietary supplements under the brand name PRIMAYA and related parties Use false statements The solicitation claims to invest 6,000 baht for 3 months and get 15 million baht. A picture of a woman with a luxury car in the showroom was posted. BUT UPON INSPECTION, IT WAS FOUND THAT IT WAS NOT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STATEMENTS THAT APPEARED. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff It called a meeting of investigators to disperse nine blockades across the country to find evidence and arrest those involved, which followed the battle of "bees breaking the hive." However, it was reported that the Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, will give a summary of the results of the operation at 2 p.m.
"Gambling ghosts" haunted a young government official, embezzling 15 million municipal money into his own pocket.|P.O.P. arrests financial officer Lat Yao District, Nakhon Sawan Province, embezzled 15 million baht from the treasury. Into your own pocket. Claiming to use online loan app debt because he is addicted to online gambling, the P.P.T. revealed that it is preparing to expand the audit. Nationwide After discovering more than 200 million at 10.30 a.m. on January 19, 2023, Maj. Gen. Jaroonkiat Pankaew P.O.P.S. Mrs. Pornpetch Khemvirat Deputy Governor of Nakhon Sawan Province Lt. Col. Siripong Srithula Director, Anti-Corruption Division in the Public Sector 2, Office of the Prime Minister Lead officers State Police official P.P.C., P.P.C., P.P.C. Get arrested Ms. Patchara Prasitkarn, 41, Finance and Accounting Officer, Lat Yao Subdistrict FOR THE OFFENSE OF "EMBEZZLEMENT OF PROPERTY AND BEING AN OFFICER WHO WRONGFULLY PERFORMS OR REFRAINS FROM PERFORMING DUTIES" IN THE LAT YAO MUNICIPAL MEETING ROOM, POL. MAJ. GEN. JAROONKIAT SAID THAT SINCE THE AUTHORITIES HAD PREVIOUSLY INVESTIGATED THE IRREGULARITIES IN THE LAT YAO MUNICIPAL TREASURY. After discovering that there were 215 leaks from withdrawals in municipal bank accounts from January 26, 2022 to January 17, 2023, totaling 15,867,275.49 baht, the police conducted an inspection until they learned that Ms. Phatchara, who is the finance and accounting officer of Lat Yao Subdistrict, who is responsible for the disbursement of municipal budgets and funds, had embezzled all such funds for personal expenses. By using a loophole from being a pin code holder, they can withdraw money from the bank, which is very damaging to the state and the bank. Therefore, the police decided to arrest the accused and invited 3 other witnesses to interrogate as witnesses, as well as to search Ms. Pachara's residence to find additional evidence from the investigation. Ms. Pachara initially pleaded guilty to using the money to use the debt borrowed from an online loan app. There are many of them, so they can't turn their money around. Video footage of death threats was sent, causing panic. Therefore, he decided to do so in order to expedite the use of the money for debt, while admitting that he only did it. The reason for having to borrow money from such online loan apps is because they are addicted to online gambling, Lt. Col. Siripong said. Because of the audit of financial information, various local government agencies throughout the country. More than 200 million baht was found to have been leaked out of the system for unknown purposes. This is believed to have been caused by the embezzlement of similar funds by officials in the agency, causing considerable damage to the state. After this, there will be an integration between the relevant departments to thoroughly examine the budgets of each local government agency in order to track the embezzled money back and prevent this from happening again.
The Director General of DSI ordered the officers to report the case. Guilty of giving people a place to hide and shelter "Daryl Young"|DSI receives "Daryl Young" knowing that there is a summons for the accused. As for the issue of the name of the accused not entering the system. The Director-General hastened the investigation to report the case. Bangplad Police Department gave shelter to "Daryl Young" at 10.00 a.m. on January 19, 2023 at the meeting room on the 1st floor of the Department of Special Investigation, Chaengwattana Road. Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Maj. Gen. Yuttana Pradam Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Capt. Piya Raksakul, Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Maj. Gen. Varanasi Srinivasan Spokesperson of the Department of Special Investigation and Lt. Col. Arakrin Lattasaksiri, Director, Informal Financial Business Litigation Division 3 The DSI released details of the Forex-3D case and other cases under DSI's supervision and responded to media inquiries, following the Justice Minister's directive for the Forex-3D sharing case, which was headed by the prime accused, Daryl Young. Lt. Col. Ankarin Lathasaksiri, Director, Informal Financial Business Litigation Division 3 It was revealed that the interrogation had been conducted and the accused denied it. As for the details of the case. The accused requested an opportunity to submit a written statement within 15 days, which we have scheduled to file by January 31. As for the accused's entry into Thailand on December 19, 2022, we have already inquired, but the accused has not testified. however IN THIS CASE, WE HAVE SPOKEN TO THE IMMIGRATION OFFICER, BUT IN THE MATTER OF DETAILS, ASK THE TECHNICAL DIRECTOR TO DISCLOSE THE SPONSORED TO LT. COL. NITI SAMRITDEJKAJORN. Deputy Director, Technology and Audit Information Center Division Department of Special Investigation He said the information appeared to have not been recorded in the immigration bureau's system due to technical problems with the code value. however The system of the Department of Special Investigation, the Immigration Bureau and the Informal Financial Business Litigation Division have now been updated. Therefore, it can be seen that after January 16, the immigration authorities arrested Mr. Daryl Young because of the rapid update of the system information. He added: "After this, we will have an out-of-cycle coordination. If the list of suspects is submitted to the system, we will coordinate with the person in charge of the system to close the gap. He also mentioned the role of Mr. Daryl Young, saying that there was a role to share duties with other accused. However, Daryl Young's financial path linked to former Forex-3D executive Apirak Sothi has already been revealed, but insists that investigators have clear evidence linking him. By interrogating Mr. Daryl, he was able to communicate in Thai to a certain extent, but could not read, so sometimes we had an interpreter to help translate the issue of issuing a summons as an accused that Mr. Daryl Young claimed to have no knowledge of the summons. He explained that since we are foreigners, the name and address we use to send the summons is the address that was notified to the Immigration Bureau, so we sent the summons there. However, in the past, we have sent subpoenas and contacted those around Mr. Daryl Young to acknowledge them, which he sent a lawyer to ask for a postponement last year. In practice, he acknowledged the summons as an accused and when he did not show up, he considered issuing an arrest warrant, and he was sure that he was aware of the summons of the accused. Stated that if there are facts. When asked about the case of charging anyone who granted shelter to Mr. Daryl Young, Lt. Col. Suriya, Acting Director General of DSI. It said that in the case of assisting the accused to escape. By this afternoon. He has assigned DSI officials to file grievances. The local police at the scene of the incident (Bang Phlat Police Station) the issue of the seizure of the property of Mr. Daryl Young, Lt. Col. Ankarin. It said investigators are now investigating the finances and assets of all 16 accused persons as the prosecutor has agreed to report the charges. As for the property, there may be some items found, but they have not yet been disclosed. As for whether or not to find a connection with Sara, we would investigate, but let's emphasize that Sara is not directly related to the Forex-3D case, so we do not want society to misunderstand that Sara is already involved in the case. The investigators asked if they were staying or whether Sara had been there. He said Mr Daryl had not responded to the issue at this time. Sara said. We made a preliminary inquiry, but we didn't answer the same. Stating the overall case of the 16 accused in the Forex-3D sharing case, he said that the accused had already entered into a total of 15 allegations, all of whom had denied the charges in the trial court. People have presented personal witnesses and documentary witnesses to the investigating officer, and there are still some personal witnesses and documents that we need to do more. The prosecutor's statement is expected to be finalised by mid-February. It also noted the progress in Mr. Prapat-Prapat's money laundering case. Suwanbang said that the case has been completed and we have already informed the accused, but the case is currently pending against the other accused. We have interrogated a number of people involved in Mr. Prapat's money laundering because of the money route and are expected to be handed over to prosecutors around March. Suriya also stated that in the Forex-3D sharing case, 20 additional witnesses are currently waiting to testify.
The Director General of DSI ordered the dissolution of the ad hoc unit. It's still tight.|The first order from the new DSI director-general ordered the dissolution of the special task force, which searched the residence of the former consul of Nauru in Thung Mahamek district, and hastened to check the front of the room of the former director-general. There is no contradiction. At 10.50 a.m. on January 19, 2023, at the meeting room on the 1st floor of the Department of Special Investigation, Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok, Lt. Col. Suriya Singhamol, Acting Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation, mentioned that 5 officers of the Department of Special Investigation participated in the search of the residence of consul General Nauru with police officer 191 until they found the offense of slapping the property. He was instructed by the Minister of Justice to cooperate with all agencies involved in the investigation in the case in order to show his sincerity to the five DSI officials who appeared to be involved in the operation. Suriya said it is still in the process of setting up a serious disciplinary investigation committee and suspending the performance of his duties. If the results of the disciplinary investigation committee are serious. If any person in the Department of Special Investigation is found to be involved in an offence, it will also proceed with the serious disciplinary investigation. It is currently under investigation. If found to be involved in an offence, they must act like the five people who were previously issued arrest warrants by the police, who have directed the committee to expedite the proceedings as soon as possible in order to maintain the image of the organization. Maj. Gen. Suriya said he would like to leave it to the people. If you see the behavior of a group of civil servants or individuals claiming to be government officials, the Department of Special Investigation The information can be sent to the Department of Special Investigation to take action against such groups. He added that as part of the newly appointed Special Investigation Department's 191 news operations unit, he would immediately sign an order to disband the suit, Suriya said, adding that the details of the investigation in this case or cases in which DSI officers were complained about in other cases, including cases where DSI officers were present to investigate corruption. The Department will not go ahead of the investigation department, which is under the authority of the Royal Thai Police and the Office of the Public Sector Anti-Corruption Commission (DSI), which the DSI is ready to provide information and cooperate fully if it is found that the officers actually committed an offence. Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice, has directed the Department of Special Investigation to cooperate fully with all relevant agencies to show their innocence and will expedite all actions as soon as possible. Is there currently a government suspension? Suriya said prudent action must be taken, which is already being taken by a serious disciplinary action committee. Give me some time," I personally and the management team sat here. There are concerns about the confidence and image of the organization. So we're not going to leave this for long, we're ready, and we're going to expedite it as soon as possible." Lt. Col. Suriya said when asked about the past in the Case of Lottery Plus. There was a news that the DSI had investigated and prepared to conduct a search before the Royal Thai Police took action, until an order was issued that an attempt was made to summon the former Director General of DSI to investigate the search of the consular home of Nauru. Now, how is it, Dr. Suriya said, that the matter of the organization is also about the organization. The people in the Royal Thai Police have always known each other and respected each other, but in the matter of the organization, if anyone commits a crime, it must be said to go wrong, and the DSI is ready for all relevant agencies to investigate. Come in and give information to DSI closely. Confirm that DSI and the Royal Thai Police still have a good relationship with Lt. Col. Suriya. Identify how much image changes can be made. The case is an important lesson for organizations and officials. He believes the facts will be what they are. This has a definite impact on the way officers work and think process. HE HAS SPOKEN TO SEVERAL DSI EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING ALL EXECUTIVES WHO ARE READY TO WORK TO PROVE THEMSELVES IN THIS RESPECT.
DSI Yan prepares to file charges against "Sara Kazingini" gives shelter to "Daryl Young".|"Sara, I'm sorry. Kazingini" did not survive, the DSI filed a charge of sheltering and hiding. "Daryl Young" today at Bang Phlat Police Station Punishable by up to two years in prison. A fine not exceeding forty thousand, or both, later this morning. On January 19, 2023, Maj. Gen. Suriya Singhamol, acting director-general of the Department of Special Investigation, revealed that DSI officers will be assigned to file grievances with the police. Bangplad Police Department to prosecute individuals who provided assistance, shelter and hiding to Mr. Daryl Young, a key suspect in the Forex-3D sharing case, after returning to Thailand on Dec. 19, 2022 via Suvarnabhumi Airport. At 2.25 p.m., the reporter received a report from Pol. Col. Ankarin Lathasaksiri, Director of Informal Financial Business Division 3, that a letter is currently being submitted to the Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation for approval. The Director-General will assign any DSI officers to report the case to: It is at your discretion to report the charges to "Sara. Kazingini". Mr. Daral Young's girlfriend is accused of helping others who are the perpetrators or who are accused of committing the crime. It is not a misdemeanor, so as not to be punished, by sheltering the person, by hiding or by helping the person in any way so as not to be arrested. Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding forty thousand baht, or both. He insisted that he would definitely catch up with the day.
"Not Lottery Plus" Another entry job, DSI issued a summons, clarifying the knot of gray billions.|DSI issued a summons to "Knott Panthawat" clarified another 39 financial routes, totaling more than billion. After having money from a suspected illegal business transferred in. Meanwhile, 7 witnesses are expected to give their statements, and the director of the Case Center will be arrested at 12:00 p.m. on January 19, 2023 at the Drug Case Center. Department of Special Investigation (Government Center, Building A, 2nd Floor) Mr. Pongsathorn Innuay Director, Drug Case Center He said seven witnesses had been appointed to testify in the case that they had received money transfers from the accused in the DSI online gambling case late last year. Today, all of them have to give their words, and they are also the same group as Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut or Not. Mr. Pongsathorn also stated that the accused was in the special investigation no. 288/2565 that arrested the accused to open a horse account of an online gambling site and found that the money was transferred to several persons, especially Mr. Panthawat or Not. Approximately 53 million baht In the last 7 years, there has been a total turnover of more than 1,000 million baht. Everyone has to come in and give a statement about the origin of the money, what business it came from, and from the evidence that the investigators have. It is believed that this group of individuals is the collector of horse accounts, which are money related to illegal businesses. Mr. Panthawat, who had already given his statement, asked to postpone bringing the financial documents to him on January 26. Received money transfers from groups that engaged in suspected illegal business in a total of 39 money routes, amounting to more than 1,090 million baht. DSI has set up another special investigation case, Special Case No. 6/2023, because it was found that there was a financial route to Mr. Panthawat. IT IS SUSPECTED TO BE MONEY DERIVED FROM AN ILLEGAL BUSINESSSPONSORED FOR THIS CASE. Investigators also issued a summons to Panthawat. The 39 financial routes will be announced on January 26. When Mr. Panthawat presents the financial documents to the investigating officer, he will inform him of this issue. He said that among the seven people who were issued summonses, one of them was Mr. Kris. Chonlarathornsap or DJ Kris A Japanese restaurant partner and owner of a well-known pub in Thonglor. The investigating officer will also consider asking the court to issue an arrest warrant tomorrow, as he has asked for a second postponement of the summons. He said that in the morning, he searched a condominium that he found to be the residence of an online gambling account opening group, which seized more than 100 books and hundreds of millions of baht in circulation. These accounts will be further examined at 12:32 p.m., the reporter reported. Chonlaratthornsap, or DJ Kris, has approached the investigating officer by DJ Kris's lawyer. He explained that today the client came as a witness and brought the company's financial documents to DSI for clarification and confirmed that it had nothing to do with the matter that was said to be the broker of the horse accounting group. We would like to reaffirm that the financial routes have nothing to do with the gambling sites and networks that were previously captured. Mr. Pongsthorn Innuay Director, Drug Case Center He also stated that two witnesses had recently testified and if the remaining five had not come forward to hear the allegations before 4 p.m., they would have submitted their case to the court for issuance of an arrest warrant tomorrow. DJ Kris informed that the business was already in operation, so he sought a partner to invest in the business. Therefore, it is not checked who the person who joins the shares is because the number of shares is only 2%, 3%, and they meet in the nightlife, which is a form of marketing. So he tried to get regular visitors to sign up and to find connections. As for those who invested in him. He stated that 40-50 people will be prepared to give clarifications on business operations on the same day at the meeting room on the 1st floor, Department of Special Investigation, Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok. The Lottery Plus Division said it had initially received reports that operations were being carried out in the area, which had already been expedited, and it should be clear soon, but for now, let's keep it secret because there are a lot of people involved and famous people. however We assure you that progress will be communicated.
Fitness thief steals 10 million, pumps keys waiting for victims I saw the outgoing bag was heavier than when I entered.|Mueang Nonthaburi A 10-million-baht burglary in the gym revealed that he went to the gym and found the victim, so he secretly took the key to the pump and waited until the victim used the locker with the key. Police arrested the suspect when he walked out and looked heavier than when he entered at 12.00 p.m. on January 19, 2023, in the case of Mr. Sathit Wattana, 35, a villager in Sala Thammasop subdistrict, Thawi Watthana district. Bangkok Real estate businessman to report to Lieutenant Colonel Yongyuth Sangsiriyakul, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Mueang Nonthaburi Police Station, Nonthaburi On Jan. 10, 2023, at 6 p.m., he went to the gym. First, 15th floor, within five department stores of The Mall Ngamwongwan Bangkhen, Mueang Nonthaburi After the exercise, he changed his shirt and took the contents in the locker, it appeared that there was 1 gold necklace weighing 3 baht, 1 gold bell temple, 1 gold garudam, 1 gold king, 1 rolex watch, 1 diamond-inlaid wristband, 1 diamond-inlaid gold ring, and several other assets worth more than 10 million baht. He disappeared even though the key was still on his body after the incident. Lt. Gen. Jirapat Phumjit P.W.1 has ordered that Maj. Gen. Apichart Wannapak P.O.P.1, Lt. Col. Worachart Saenkham Deputy Chief of Staff 1, Lt. Col. Jaturon Anuragpundit, Deputy Chief of Staff, Nonthaburi City Police Department, Lt. Col. Waratah Wattanachainan, Deputy Chief of Staff, Police Investigating Region 1 Nonthaburi Provincial Investigation Nonthaburi Police Department Expeditiously followed up and arrested the culprit to prosecute SPONSORED Later, the investigating police examined the CCTV cameras of the entrance to the fitness center where the crime occurred. It was found that on the day of the incident, there were more than 300 customers who came to use the service, and found that the customer who came to use the service behaved suspiciously, namely Mr. Narongpol Pongsothon, 37 years old, a villager of Soi Montri Suriyawongse 10, Na Muang Subdistrict, Mueang Ratchaburi District, Ratchaburi Province. After the victim came to exercise. Mr. Narongpol took his bag away. Police have noticed that the legs of the bag appear to be heavier than when they first entered. After about 1 hour back at the fitness center, it is believed that Mr. Narongpol is probably the culprit who committed the crime, later on January 18, 2023, the investigating police searched the room on the 8th floor of Liberty Condo, Soi Ngamwongwan 23, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Muang District, Nonthaburi Province of Mr. Narongpol. 1 King, 1 Garuda Medal, 1 Rolex watch of the victim The clothes worn by the criminals on the day of the incident included 1 pair of white native exercise shoes, 1 pair of shorts, 1 green shoulder bag, and seized the property that the criminals brought 2 baht gold necklace, 1 gold ring inlaid with diamonds, a gold bracelet inlaid with diamonds and sold it for 196,000 baht before using the money to buy 1 gold necklace weighing 3 baht, 1 pair of Addidas Ultraboost shoes, 1 Hermes bracelet, and 1 nude pants. Mr. Narongpol confessed that he was a former engineer of a company until the covid pandemic, the company terminated his employment, lost his job, and applied for a job anywhere that no other company accepted due to his old age. Because of his free time each day, he signed up for a monthly fitness exercise at the scene. 2,000 Baht/month He then went to exercise on a daily basis until he found out that Mr. Sathit, the victim, regularly came to exercise wearing expensive jewelry. He then figured out how to steal his property, secretly taking the locker key he had noticed. Mr. Sathit, who regularly puts them in lockers no. 15-21 for the burglary suspect, said he then took the lockers nos. 17 and 18 to pump at Saphan Khwai before putting them back in the same place. He came to the gym and waited to see if Mr. Sathit would come to the gym and use the locker he had used to make a spare key until the day of the incident. Mr. Sathit came to exercise and took the jewelry to the locker no. 17, where he pumped the spare key, so he unlocked the locker and took away the property. He put the stolen belongings in his backpack and hid them out in his room and returned to the gym as if nothing had happened. In order not to be suspected, Mr. Narongpol said that after acquiring such valuables. He pledged 196,000 baht to his wrist and diamond ring, and then used some of his proceeds to buy a gold necklace weighing 3 baht and buy clothes. Brand-name shoes with 50,000 baht left in your account At 1:00 p.m., Mr. Sathit Wattano, 35, the victim, came to confirm the stolen property and thanked the police for catching the culprit and bringing the property back. After interrogation, the police officers informed the police of the charges of burglary at night or picking up the robber's belongings and withheld the remaining money in the account and took him to make a plan to make a confession at the scene. Indict.
Mae Primaya Surrender The police have no intention of corruption.|Mae Primaya The accused, according to the arrest warrant, an offence under the Computer Crime Act, appeared to surrender to the police before being charged with interrogation. He has no intention of dishonesty or deceiving the people. At 4:00 p.m. on Jan. 19, 2023, Ms. Pichannaree Tantiwit or Me Primaya Owner of dietary supplements under the brand name PRIMAYA (PRIMAYA) The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 41/2566 dated 17 January for the offence of fraud or deception. Enter into the computer system any computer information that is distorted or fake, whether in whole or in part, or false computer data, which is likely to cause damage to the public. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Command Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, Initially, the officers informed the accused and took him for interrogation. Mae has been a worker for the past few years. Mae has learned and improved and improved throughout the day, and today it is another mistake that Mae is ready to correct and follow the process of the law. However, that error is something. A child who grows up working may not know what some things are wrong or foul, which must be learned, for example, some things they do not really know, but in the end they are working people who are innocent and do not have the intention of corruption. In the matter of posting an investment message of 6,000 and then getting that return. In fact, it is not a propaganda or any advertisement in this section, it has already been given to the police, which in the business itself has not created a hoax or propaganda. However, I insist that no one contributes to the story, including the soft one, everything is based on the fact that Mae has understood and communicated it. I don't want to say anything more. In addition, we would like to confirm that there are no illegal businesses bringing money to us to invest. It was noted that the profit may not be in accordance with the facts in this section, let's follow the process process, but since I am in front of the house, I don't know much about the details and can say things clearly. Some matters may not be answered in full detail, but I would like to confirm that there has never been a word to deceive the public in their work. Over the course of seven years, Mae fought very hard for her life. They even create good things and give back to society.
Lock sister, CEO Primaya Ka Suvarnabhumi 500,000 people arrested|Cyber police lock up sister, CEO Primaya The police chief said the case is under further investigation. The CEO was accused of soliciting investments by the Comp Act, which charged 500,000 baht to Ms. Pichanree Tantiwit or Mae Primaya. Owner of dietary supplements under the brand name PRIMAYA (PRIMAYA) The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 41/2566 dated 17 January for the offence of fraud or deception. Enter into the computer system any computer information that is distorted or fake, whether in whole or in part, or false computer data, which is likely to cause damage to the public. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Command Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, To surrender according to the arrest warrant, to show innocence. According to the proposed news, SPONSORED at the same time. On January 19, 2023, reporters reported that Ms. Maneenut Thiensawang, 27, the sister of Ms. Pichayanaree, who is another suspect in the case for the same offense, was arrested by the police. S.M. He was arrested at Suvarnabhumi Airport on the night of January 18, 2023. While preparing to board a flight to South Korea, he was detained. Lt Gen Worawat said the case was due to a complaint filed by a complainant. In addition, the cyber police were given a policy to investigate pages that were exaggerated solicitations until they found that "primaya" was in such a case. The police then investigated and looked for more evidence until they were able to ask the court to approve the issuance of an arrest warrant and later found that Ms. Pichanree's relatives were not present. Tantiwit or Mae Primaya The owner of the brand and one of those who were issued an arrest warrant are leaving the country. Make immigration police or immigration police. And the cyber police must urgently arrest the remaining suspects. Although there were no victims to complain about, it was an operation before the damage occurred, the Director-General said that for the situation, it was an invitation to invest 6,000 baht and a profit of 15 million baht. Within three months, cyber police issued 11 arrest warrants and arrested four people. The rest will be arrested later this week. One of these also has a horse face that is a post etc. Invite to invest to make the Primaya brand famous. The police will have to find more evidence by seizing computers and bank accounts to check whether it is an exaggerated investment scam or not. Pol. Maj. Gen. Worawat said that while the company's tax report itself is not consistent with the advertised profits, it was initially charged with importing false information into the computer system first. The other charges are under further investigation as to whether the investment actually profited from the advertisement was a fraudulent investment. Meanwhile, Mae's boyfriend. An arrest warrant was not issued because it was not the person who posted the solicitation for investment. After this, there will be an extension of the review of other investment solicitation pages that are exaggerated. The reporter asked if the case was noted that Primaya's financial path Connect with a group of celebrities. The cyber police asked to see more evidence first. Pol. Lt. Gen. Worawat said that the story was shared and a reward of 500,000 baht will be given to the whistleblower to catch Me Pichannaree. It confirmed that the police had not set up a reward for the arrest, but believed it was likely FagNews.
The SSA filed a lawsuit. A total of 41 chinese prisoners have been charged with drug trafficking, money laundering and money laundering.|"Nari," the attorney general indicted. A total of 41 gray Chinese capitalists filed a 332-page indictment filed with the South Bangkok Criminal Court on several charges of drug trafficking, money laundering, and transnational crimes, the maximum penalty of death on January 19, 2023, at the Attorney General's Office. According to the Attorney General's Office, the investigation into the case was received. Mr. Chainat Kornjayanan, or Tu Hao, with those from the National Police Commissioner. On Jan. 13, 2023, the Attorney General considered the case and on Jan. 18, 2023, Ms. Nari Tantasthan was arrested. The Attorney General, therefore, ordered the prosecution. Mr. Chainat Kornchayanan or Tu Hao with a total of 41 persons for the offense of conspiracy by agreeing two or more persons to commit serious offenses relating to class 1, class 2 and class 4 narcotics, by committing acts of criminal organization, jointly distributing drugs punishable by category 1 without permission for commercial purposes, causing the spread among the public and by possessing firearms causing an impact on state security or public safety, jointly selling with the purpose of selling class 2 and category 4 active substances without permission as a commercial act, causing the spread among the public and with firearms causing an impact on the security of the state or public safety, conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit the offense of money laundering and money laundering, being a prosecutor. Participating in transnational criminal organizations as members or operating networks of transnational criminal organizations by conspiring with two or more persons to commit serious offenses related to transnational criminal organizations, jointly possessing firearms and ammunition without permission, jointly setting up facilities without a license, jointly accepting aliens working with aliens without a work permit in violation of the law, jointly sheltering, concealing or assisting in any way to free illegal aliens from arrestSPONSORED, and today (January 19, 2023) at 3:00 p.m., the Attorney General has assigned the Office of Narcotics Crime. Office of the Attorney General The 332-page indictment was filed with the South Bangkok Criminal Court and prompted the police to follow up and arrest the fleeing suspects. The case was submitted to the court within the legal age of Mr. Kosolawat Intuchanyong. Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office Revealed that Ms. Nari Tantasthan The Attorney General has ordered the prosecution. Mr. Chainat or Huo On 18 Jan 2023 The indictment against Mr. Tu Hao and 41 others was handed over to the Director Of Public Prosecutions of the Office of Narcotics Offenses, Mr. Jaroon Theerananon, and on January 19, today the Prosecutor's Office for Narcotics Cases 4. The prosecution filed the case with the South Bangkok Criminal Court as Case No. 87 / 2566, 23 defendants, the rest proceeded according to the law in order to get themselves to continue the prosecution, the Deputy Spokesperson of the Office of the Attorney General said that the indictment totaled 332 pages of 35 pages of documents at the end of the prosecution, and the Attorney General had ordered No. 86/66 to set up a working group to continue the prosecution. The Attorney General has come down to help the working group work every day. Even on Saturdays and Sundays, without holidays, you can monitor progress at all stages and direct the case administration to meet the deadlines. Drug-related charges carry a maximum penalty of death and a term of 30 years.
Amahue wins civil case, court orders KBank and daughter to pay back more than 200 million baht|(File Photo) Amahue won another case. The court ordered KBank-daughter to pay civil compensation of 207 million baht. With interest until payment is completed. Steel Bone Lawyer Pointing out that this case is an appeal to all banks not to trust their employees from the case of Amahue Srivirat along with lawyers filed a lawsuit against her daughter in civil court. In case of unauthorized change of account withdrawal rights While lying ill, he was hospitalized. Lost more than 350 million baht in accounts Today (19 Jan 23) Mr. Anantchai Chaidet The lawyers went to the Phra Khanong Civil Court to hear the verdict in the case in which AmaHuey was the plaintiff suing a bank and its employees as defendants 1-5 and Mrs. Mawadee Srivirat, the 2nd son of Mrs. Huey herself, as the 6th defendant.  Mr. Anantchai Chaidet lawyer He said the court had read the verdict to a well-known bank. Payment of 44,645,676.82 Baht with interest on principal of 33,668,516 Baht at the rate of 7.5% per annum from the filing date (November 19, 2019) to April 10, 2021 and at the rate of 5% per annum from the date of filing.  In addition, the 1st defendant shall pay 117,097,573.05 Baht with interest on the principal amount of 82,176,281.32 Baht at the rate of 7.5% per annum from the filing date (19 November 2019) until 10 April 2021 and pay interest at the rate of 5% per annum from 11 April 2021. If the decree changes the interest rate at any time, the adjusted interest rate shall be added to the rate of 2% per annum from the date of entry into force of the said decree, but not exceeding 7.5% per annum as requested. For the court fees that the plaintiff has waived, the 1st defendant, the 2nd defendant, the 4th defendant and the 6th defendant shall jointly pay to the court on behalf of the plaintiff and jointly pay the attorney's fees totaling 100,000 baht. to the plaintiff. The 3rd and 5th defendants dismissed the case. The court observed that the actions of the 2nd defendant, the 4th defendant and the 6th defendant violated the right to change the conditions of the withdrawal without permission. The investigation revealed that Mrs. Mawadee, together with 2 bank employees, changed, forged. Amahuai's signature to authorize Mrs. Mawadee. There is also the right to withdraw current deposits and funds from the fund management company, as well as to find that there are withdrawals from the account and cheque payments, as well as withdrawals from investment units to their own accounts.   Mr. Anandchai also left it to all banks to look at this case as an example. Don't trust your employees so that this doesn't happen again.
DSI filed a complaint. Bang Phlat Police Station "Sara" helped "Daryl" stay.|DSI Legal Department meets with police Bangplad Police Department reports prosecution to Sara Kazingini The 35-year-old model has been charged with providing shelter to Mr. Daryl as The police will summon Sara for further investigation at 7.30 p.m. on Jan. 19, 2023. Special Investigation Officer, Legal Division The Department of Special Investigation (DSI) visited the meeting. Pol. Col. Parinya Yellowuthai, Director of Bang Phlat Police Station, ready to bring the prosecution report to Ms. Sara Kazingini 35 years old, Half Italian-Thai model Mr Daryl's girlfriend, also accused of sharing Forex 3D, had been detained earlier. Whoever helps another person who is the offender or who is accused of committing the offense. It is not a misdemeanor, so as not to be punished, by sheltering the person, by hiding, or by helping the person in any way so as not to be arrested. Imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding forty thousand baht, or both, Lieutenant Colonel Nawinphop said that he came as assigned to prosecute Ms. Sara for the offense of providing asylum to Mr. Daryl, in respect of the relevant evidence, is within the compilation powers of the investigating officer. Department of Special Investigation, which was presented to the local investigators. Bang phlat police station, the local owner of which the accused took shelter. Ms. Sara was also charged with only one charge. If other charges are found to be involved, they will also be prosecuted. He said that after this, the examination of witnesses, documents and personal witnesses as submitted by the officers of the Department of Special Investigation will be carried out. Ms. Sara came to the meeting in accordance with the legal procedures. As for how long it will take before calling in, it depends on the evidence that the DSI gave to the investigating officer, Bang Phlat Police Station, who will then examine the evidence as quickly as possible. The official replied that he asked for permission to give broad information that it is located in the locality of Bang Phlat Police Station, a condo along the Chao Phraya River near Sanghee Bridge only.
"Mae Primaya," Roe surrendered. An arrest warrant was issued for investment scams. Cyber police raid luxury homes Expand your findings with co-stars.|Cyber police launch "bee-cracking hive" raid on "Mae Primaya" house Famous dietary supplement owner after court issues arrest warrant for wrongdoing The Computer Crime Act invites people to join the business, claiming to invest only 6 thousand baht within 3 months, which can bring a huge profit of 15 million baht. He whispered to his husband to gain a foothold. Leave the maid alone. Before deciding to take the lawyer into custody, he denied the allegations and never deceived the public. Reiterate, there is no gray business money to invest. "Chief Of Staff" Several other participants in the movement were identified. One of them is the sister of a celebrity young CEO. He was locked up while flying to South Korea, and his boyfriend has not been found to be involved in a massive case. Later cyber police Bring a subpoena to search and arrest the beautiful CEO of the owner. This famous brand of supplements Revealed at 7 a.m. on Jan. 19, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Command Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant Lt. Col. Kritach Bamrungrattanayos, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Apirak Champasri, 2nd Lt. Col. Led the police force to investigate technological crimes (BOC) with a search warrant of the Criminal Court No. 62/2566 dated 18 January 2023 to search house No. 189/24, Laddarom Village, Bangna. Bang kaeo A.BLI, SAMUTPRAKARN, SPONSORED IS THE HOME OF MISS PICHANNAREE TANTIWIT. 28 years old or "Mae Primaya", an executive and owner of branded dietary supplements. PRIMAYA is the accused under the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 41/2023 dated 17 January 2023. The offence is "fraudulently or fraudulently entering into a computer system in which all or part of the distorted or falsified computer data or false computer information in a manner likely to cause damage to the public". 2 large gated floors The area is approximately 100 sq.w. inside the elegantly decorated house. There are 2 cars parked in the garage, the first is a Porsche sports car. Paramera model, black, registration PHJ 323, Bangkok, another honda civic sedan, black, registration 9 กฉ 7924 Bangkok, but did not find the body. Ms. Pichayanaree, the accused, was in the said house with only a housekeeper as a caretaker and initially asked the housekeeper to give information to the authorities that Ms. Pichayanaree The couple did not say where they were going, and the officers searched the 3-storey building, No. 9999/9, Moo 2, T. Praksa Mai. Muang Samut Prakan is the location and warehouse of Prima Company. The officers collected evidence and seized the dietary supplements for inspection. The officers found that Ms. Pichannaree Tantiwit, or "Mae Primaya", was with other persons involved. Use false statements The social media invitation claimed to invest 6,000 baht for 3 months to earn a profit of 15 million baht. A photo of a young woman paired with a luxury sports car in the showroom has led the public to believe that she is making a profit. There are a lot of leaders investing. Upon inspection, it was found that it was not in accordance with the text that appeared. Later, it was found that posting pictures with such luxury cars was just making content to create news and propaganda for people to be interested, but there was no real luxury car trading. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff A meeting of investigators has also been called. B.S.C. The police raided nine locations across the country to find evidence and arrested those involved in the "Battle of Bee Cracking Hive", which was launched at 4 p.m. B.S.C. Pak Kret District, Nonthaburi Province Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant In order to surrender under the arrest warrant, the officer informed the accused and took him for interrogation. Initially, the accused denied the allegations, Ms. Pichannaree told the media: Today, let's surrender under an arrest warrant to show innocence. He has worked throughout his life, has learned and improved throughout his career, and today it is another mistake that he is ready to correct and follow the process of the law. Some mistakes. A child who grows up and keeps working may not know how something is broken or fouled. FOR EXAMPLE, SOME THINGS HE DOES NOT REALLY KNOW, BUT IN THE END, HE IS A WORKING PERSON WHO IS HONEST AND DOES NOT HAVE THE INTENTION OF CORRUPTION", IN THE CASE OF POSTING AN INVESTMENT MESSAGE OF 6,000 BAHT AND GETTING THAT RETURN. In fact, it is not any propaganda or advertising in this section, it has already given the police a preliminary statement. The business itself does not create hoaxes or propaganda. One day everything will come to an end." Ms. Pichayanaree continued, insisting that no one was involved in the creation of any story, including the soft one, that everything was based on the fact that she understood and communicated it. Let's not say anything more. Confirm that there are no illegal businesses bringing money to us to invest. In part, it is noted that the profit may not be realistic. In this section, I would like to follow the process process, but since I am in front of the house, I don't know much about the details and can say anything clearly. He was a worker. Some stories may not be answered in full detail, but I would argue that there has never been a word to deceive the public at work. Over the course of 7 years, he fought very hard for his life. The reporter reported that Ms. Maneenut Thiensawang, 27, the sister of Ms. Pichannaree, who was arrested under the arrest warrant in the same case, was arrested by the police. S.M. He was arrested at Suvarnabhumi Airport on the night of Jan. 18 while preparing to board a flight to South Korea. Detained for prosecution, Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. The POLICE chief said the case was brought by a person who filed a complaint and the cyber police had been given a policy to investigate Facebook pages that solicited exaggerated investments until they found that "Primaya" was involved in the case. The police examined and sought additional evidence until they were able to ask the court to approve the issuance of an arrest warrant. Primaya The owner of the brand and one of those who were issued an arrest warrant were about to leave the country. Intercept and cyber police urgently arrest the rest of the suspects. ALTHOUGH THERE ARE NO VICTIMS TO COMPLAIN ABOUT, BUT IT IS AN OPERATION BEFORE THE DAMAGE, POL. GEN. WORAWAT SAID THAT THE SITUATION IS AN INVITATION TO INVEST 6,000 BAHT AND WILL RECEIVE A PROFIT OF 15 MILLION BAHT. Within three months, cyber police issued 11 arrest warrants for four suspects, with the rest to be completed later this week. One of them has a horse face that is an inviting post to invest in making the Primaya brand famous. The police will have to find more evidence, and they have seized computers and bank accounts to check if it is an exaggerated investment scam. While the tax report is not consistent with the advertised profits, "Initially, the charge of importing false information into the computer system was not consistent. The other charges are under further investigation as to whether the investment actually profited from the advertisement. Is it a fraudulent investment? Ms. Pichayanaree's boyfriend was also not issued an arrest warrant. Because it's not the poster soliciting investment. After this, the cyber police will continue to expand their investigation of Facebook pages that solicit other investments that are exaggerated." The director general of the MINISTRY said the reporter asked if it was noted that Primaya's financial path was also linked to a group of actors. He said cyber police had asked to see more evidence first. In the case where the story was shared, a reward of 500,000 baht will be given to the whistleblower who caught "Mae Primaya", confirming that the police did not set up the prize for the arrest, but believed that it was probably FagNews. As for whether or not to grant bail in the trial. It must first be determined whether the accused cooperated in the investigation and if granted bail would interfere with the evidence. The officer will once again exercise discretion carefully.
"Sara, I'm sorry. Kazingini" was also informed to shelter "Daral Yanghui Chai".|DSI arrested Sara Kazingini for providing shelter to "Daral Yanghui Chai" 1 of the key accused in the 3D forex chain sharing case at Bang phlat Police Station. The money laundering case of "Prapat-Prapat Suwanbang" actor was filed around March, and all the evidence of wrongdoing was brought to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI). At 10.00 a.m. on January 19, Maj. Gen. Suriya Singhamol, acting director-general of the Department of Special Investigation, Lt. Col. Payao Thongsen. Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Maj. Gen. Yuttana Pradam Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Capt. Piya Raksakul Deputy Director-General, Department of Special Investigation Maj. Gen. Varanasi Srinivasan Spokesperson for the Department of Special Investigation Pol. Col. Ankarin Lattasaksiri, Director of The Informal Financial Business Case Division 3, jointly announced the details of the 3D Forex Chain Sharing Case and other cases under supervision for the 3D Forex Chain Sharing Case in which Mr. Daral Younghui Chai is the main accused. Lt. Col. Arakrin Lathasaksiri, director of the Informal Financial Business Case Division 3, revealed that the interrogation has been completed. The accused gave a denial. As for the details of the case, the accused requested an opportunity to submit a written memorandum of clarification by January 31, and the travel of the accused to Thailand on December 19, 2022, the accused has not given any testimony from the investigation of Mr. Daral's financial route linked to Mr. Apirak Kotthi, a former 3D forex chain share executive. Confirm the investigators have clear evidence of a link. As for the issue of issuing a summons as an accused, which Mr. Daral claimed to have no knowledge of, the DSI sent the summons and contacted those around Mr. Daral to acknowledge it. The fact that he sent a lawyer to contact him for a postponement in '65 in practice considered that he was aware of the summons as an accused and when he did not show up, he was issued an arrest warrant. Investigators are investigating the finances and assets of all 16 accused, according to prosecutors. I'll find a connection with Sara. Kazingini or not, it needs to be checked, but let's emphasize that Sara Kazingini It is not directly related to the 3D forex case, but if it is to be related, it would be relevant as Mr. Daral's wife"The case of the 16 accused in the 3D forex chain sharing case, 15 of the accused have already been admitted to the prosecution, all of whom have denied the charges and wished to fight the case in this class. Many cited personal witnesses and documentary witnesses to present to the investigators, and a summary of the case could be submitted to the public prosecutor by mid-February." Lt. Col. Niti Samritdejkajorn, Deputy Director, Technology Division and Audit Information Center Department of Special Investigation Revealed that, based on the information presented, No records were found in the immigration bureau's system due to technical problems, but the system of the entire Department of Special Investigation has now been improved. The Immigration Bureau and the Informal Financial Business Litigation Division have been completed. All the information will be at the T.M. It can be seen that after January 16, the officers of the Daral's arrest was made because of system updates. The Special Investigation Team also noted the progress of the money laundering case of actor Prapat-Prapatpat. Suwanbang said the case was completed and the charges had been filed. Charges are currently being filed against other accused persons involved in Mr Prapat's money laundering because they have found a financial link. The case is expected to be handed over to prosecutors in about a month. In March, it was reported that Lt. Col. Ankarin Lattasaksiri, director of the Informal Financial Business Case Division 3, submitted a letter to the Director General of the Department of Special Investigation to assign DSI officers to report Sara's arrest. Kazingini Mr. Daral's girlfriend is accused of helping others who are the perpetrators or who are accused of committing the crime. It is not a misdemeanor, so as not to be punished, by sheltering the person, by hiding or by helping the person in any way so as not to be arrested. Imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding forty thousand baht or both at Bang Phlat Police Station at 19.30 hrs. DSI Legal Division's Special Investigation Officer visited Pol. Col. Parinya Yellowuthai, director of the Bang Phlat Police Department, brought the documents to report the case to Sara. Kazingini, 35, half Italian-Thai model The girlfriend of Mr. Daral Younghui Chai, a key accused in the 3D forex sharing case, was previously detained. After completion Mr. Nawinphop said he came as assigned to inform the prosecution of the case for sheltering the offenders at a luxury condominium in Bang Phlat. The model was initially charged with only one charge. If it appears that there are other charges involved. More faces to be prosecuted He said he would examine the witnesses, documents and personal witnesses as submitted by the DSI officers. The accused will then be summoned to meet according to the procedure, and how long it will take depends on the evidence that the DSI presents to the investigating officer. Bang Phlat Police Station Affirmative action will examine the evidence as quickly as possible.
Police filed a lawsuit against 41 people in a gray Chinese group! There is a death penalty.|"Nari Tanthasathien", the Attorney General, has already filed charges against the gray Chinese capital movement with "Tu Hao-Chainat Kornchayanan" as the main accused along with 41 of the 9 heavy charges punishable by death before the Prosecutor's Office, Narcotics Division 4, bringing 332 pages of 332 pages of documents to the South Bangkok Criminal Court after the Office of the Attorney General received the expression of the investigation into the arrest of entertainment venues. "Jin Ling" with Mr. Tu Hao-Chainat Kornjayanan is a key accused of the Gray Chinese Capital Movement from Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief. On Jan. 13, the attorney general is considering an investigation to submit the case to the court. At the Attorney General's Office on the evening of Jan. 19, Mr. Kosolawat Intuchanyong Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office On Jan. 18, Ms. Nari Tantasthan said, attorney general An indictment was filed against the grey Chinese capital movement headed by Mr. Tu Hao-Chainat. Kornjayanun, a key accused along with 41 others, submitted 332 pages of expressions and 35 pages of final documents to Mr. Jaroon Theerananon. At 3:00 p.m. on January 19, the Prosecutor's Office of Narcotics Division 4 brought the case against Mr. Tu Hao and 23 of them to the South Bangkok Criminal Court as Case No. 87/2023 and informed the police to follow up and arrest the other 18 fugitive suspects and submit them to the court within the age of 18. Additionally, the Attorney General Order No. 86/66 also establishes a working group for the upcoming litigation. In this case, the Attorney General came down to help the task force work every day, even on Saturdays and Sundays, monitoring progress at all stages and directing the case administration to meet the deadlines. For drug-related charges, the maximum penalty is up to death. 20 years oldSPONSORED same day The Attorney General's Office reportedly published the documents. Identify Ms. Naree Tantasthan attorney general There is an indictment against Mr. Chainat, or Huo Hao. Kornjayanan and 41 others were assigned to the Drug Enforcement Administration. Office of the Attorney General The 332-page indictment was filed with the South Bangkok Criminal Court and prompted the police to follow up and arrest the fleeing suspects and submit them to the court within the legal limit. The charges include: 1) conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit a serious offense relating to: Class 1 narcotics, class 2 and class 4 active substances, 2) joint distribution with the purpose of distributing class 1 narcotics without permission for commercial purposes, causing spread among the public and with firearms causing an impact on state security or public safety3) jointly selling them for the purpose of selling class 2 and class 4 drugs without permission as a commercial act, causing the spread among the public and with firearms causing an impact on state security or public safety. 4) conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit money laundering offenses and joint money laundering 5) being involved in transnational criminal organizations by being members or operating networks of transnational criminal organizations by conspiring with two or more persons to commit serious offenses related to transnational criminal organizations6). 7) jointly set up a service facility without a permit, 8) jointly accept aliens working by aliens without a work permit in violation of the law, and 9) jointly to stay, hide, or assist in any way to free illegal aliens from arrest.
8-hour marathon exam "Mae Primaya" Yan has no intention of deceiving, putting 1 lakh cash bail|"Mae Primaya" The owner of a well-known dietary supplement and five others placed 100,000 baht in cash and applied for bail during the investigation. The cyber police are considering temporary release, while the other 4 people involved who were issued arrest warrants coordinated to surrender today from the cyber police case led by Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn command. Chief Of Staff, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant The "Bee Cracking Hive" campaign was launched at 11 checkpoints. Raid on CEO's house Miss PICHANNAREE TANTIWIT After the court issued an arrest warrant, the case claimed to have invested only 6 thousand, which could slash a huge profit of 15 million baht. In 3 months, the young CEO came to B.S.C. Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret District, Nonthaburi Province to surrender He has denied allegations that he did not deceive the public in his work. He fought very hard for his life. Only good things are created and even given back to society. At 07.00 on January 20, 2023, after Ms. Pichannaree Tantiwit or "Mae Primaya" contacted to surrender. The investigators interrogated Mae Primaya and five others, and the officers conducted a thorough interrogation on a number of issues, particularly business issues, profit acquisition, propaganda campaigns, and other related issues, which lasted more than 8 hours. Stating that there was no intention to deceive, Mae Primaya and 5 others applied for bail in the investigation class before the investigators considered temporary release by placing 100,000 baht in cash as collateral.
"Sara" is not worried about being told to "give shelter". Lawyer prepares to apply for "Daryl Young" bail|"Sara, I'm sorry. Kazingini" is not worried about being accused by the DSI of "providing shelter and hiding". The husband insisted he had not committed a crime. Meanwhile, lawyers are preparing to appeal the lower court's order asking for bail for "Daryl Young" again on January 24 in the case of Maj. Gen. Suriya Singhamol, acting director-general of the Department of Special Investigation. Assign a DSI officer to report Sara's arrest. Kazingini Mr. Daryl Young's girlfriend, a key accused in the 3D forex chain sharing case, is accused of helping others who are the perpetrators or who are accused of committing the crime. It is not a misdemeanor, so as not to be punished, by sheltering the person, by hiding, or by helping the person in any way so as not to be arrested. Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding forty thousand baht or both at Bang Phlat Police Station, then progress on January 20, 2023. Daryl Young's lawyer initially revealed he had spoken to Sara. Kazingini said there was no concern that the DSI had filed a lawsuit at Bang Phlat Police Station to provide shelter and hideout. Mr. Daryl Young, her husband, confirmed that he did not intend or commit the offences as alleged, which the investigating officer has not yet summoned, but if there is a summons, he is ready to testify. Together they defraud the public. again After the DSI filed a detention case against Daryl Young in the Forex-3D sharing case, the criminal court ordered that the damages amounted to more than 1 billion baht. The accused was arrested and there was an escape. Be a foreigner The evidence of the investigating officer had money in the account and the investigating officer objected to the bail. Therefore, the temporary release of sponsored persons is currently in the process of gathering evidence to clarify that the order of the trial court is invalid. Because escaping can be done in many ways, such as attaching EM bracelets, and it is only an interrogation layer.
"The Little One" Luxury car couple post claims to invest only 6,000 with a profit of 15 million (clip)|Cyber Police 5 Detention of "Soft" Close client "Mae Primaya" A girl who took a picture of a luxury car couple posted an investment of only 6 thousand for 3 months, generating a profit of 15 million baht - along with 3 other accused persons came to interrogate at the BOC at 12.00 p.m. on January 20, 2023 at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (BOC). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Cyber Police Officer 5 Detained 4 accused in primaya case, including Ms. Palin Thongsub The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 30/2566 dated 13 January, Ms. Chotika Nakto The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 32/2566 dated 13 January, Ms. Kannika Palue The accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 35/2566 dated 13 January, Ms. Ratchanan or Nong Nim, Muang Prathet. 20 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 42/ 2566 dated January 17, after arresting him at his residence in Surat Thani province, came to interrogate at SPONSORED Police Station. Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Apirak Champasri, 2nd Lt. Col. Bring an interrogation for prosecution.
Police spokesman reiterates chinese new year law study - not hoping for gifts|"Big Golf - Achan Kraithong", a spokesman for the Police Brake Police Department during the Chinese New Year, asked to study the regulations, the UDD reiterated that the police worked for the people not to hope for gifts at 11.00 a.m. on January 20, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said that during the Lunar New Year, the police have ordered to take care of Thai people of Chinese descent who will have family activities and travel by ensuring safety and traffic. This includes fire prevention and emphasizes that police officers are prohibited from claiming benefits during the Chinese New Year. Stating that the police perform their duties regardless of their actions, especially accepting gifts, they are asked to study the regulations of the National Anti-Corruption Bureau (NACC) and reiterate that the police work for the people not to expect gifts.
Spokesman Lt. Col. Hm. "Lieutenant Colonel" Mya Tu Hao Tampering with evidence, finding bailout|The spokesman reiterated that he does not dread the same color. If the "female lieutenant" mia tu hao Tampering with evidence The working group has the authority to revoke the bail on January 20, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman It revealed the progress made after the Attorney General submitted the case to the court. He said that if the police found any additional evidence, they could gather it and submit it to the prosecutor's office to determine whether it would be added to the statement during the court statement. As for the other accused, the investigating officer must consider and order the police to investigate further. If found guilty, the accused can be charged, which on the part of the police investigator does not have the authority to consider, must submit to the investigation team of the prosecutor to consider. There is a clear place to live, and there is no circumstance of escape. But if it is found to interfere with the evidence. The investigating officer has the right to revoke the bail, and if any citizen has clear evidence that he tampered with the evidence, it can be presented to the investigating officer for consideration in the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit. If the evidence is presented, the investigating officer will submit it to the prosecutor for further investigation. IF A CONNECTION IS FOUND, THERE MAY BE FURTHER OBJECTIONS TO BAIL.
Entry Order exam "Deputy Deputy Commissioner 191"|Police 191 accused of receiving 10 million grey Chinese gang benefits after searching the home of former consul Nauru in Thung Mahamek district, a spokesman said. 191 As for money, it is still a mystery, I don't know where it was on January 20, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said that the Royal Thai Police has set up a serious disciplinary investigation committee with 191 police officers. Chief Of Staff According to the regulations of the Royal Thai Police, how to proceed with the coordination between the units that perform the investigation together, it must be adjusted more to prevent errors. If the results of setting up a fact-checking committee If any police officer is found guilty, he will act in a non-omitting and transparent manner in relation to the case. Investigators at Thung Mahamek Police Station have now called witnesses who are close to the residence of the former Nauru consul to testify. As for the missing amount and is in the arrest kit. It is currently in the process of investigating where it is, which is expected to be difficult to verify, and is in the process of gathering evidence and facts before making another statement.
Mae Taeng Thai Tha Vung Nimon Monk performs a ceremony inviting spirits, crying for her child to dream still in the car.|The mother and wife of Taeng Thai Tha Vung, along with relatives of Nimon monks, came to perform a ceremony to collect the central car to invite the spirit to reveal to dream that he was still in the car. Meanwhile, one of the culprits surrendered and detained him to make a plan at 10.00 a.m. on January 20, 2023. A loan man, his wife and relatives who were ridden by the gangsters. The deceased's mother, Mae Taeng Thai, said with a tearful face, said that after her son went to the dream, he said that he was still in the car, which will be cremated tomorrow, Jan. 21, 2023SPONSOREDThai's mother said that her son came last night and also said that the police had caught 2 self-inflicted people, the other fled as far as the border. As for the prosecution, it's a matter for the police. The mother can't think of anything at the moment, thinking about her child before returning to the police. The Lopburi Police Department said: The accused, according to the arrest warrant, named Mr. Nikhom. One of the accused committed the murder. Taeng Thai ThaWung has been in contact with him since last night. Currently in a prison cell. At 12.30 p.m., the Lopburi Police Chief and the Investigating Police will bring Mr. Nikhom or goat to the crime scene to point out and make a plan to make a confession.
Chuvit unfolds until the state government has an ew. Key witnesses were lulled into withdrawing from the case.|Chuvit Chae-mi until The State Police of China Tao persuaded key witnesses to withdraw from the case, delaying the case. The director general of DSI did not know about the administration at 3:00 p.m. on Jan. 20, 2023, at The Davis Connorwink Hotel, Soi Sukhumvit 24. Mr. Chainat Kornjayanan, or Tu Hao, and 41 others were the defendants, and in a press conference, Mr. Chuvit telephoned one of the 444 key witnesses in the Tu Hao case. He said he had already testified with the Attorney General, including the Department of Special Investigation, but did not know how the defendant knew he was testifying in the case. He tried to persuade him to withdraw from testifying, or to deny knowing. MR. CHUVIT SAID HE BELIEVED IT WOULD TAKE MORE THAN TWO YEARS TO CROSS-EXAMINE MORE THAN 444 WITNESSES. The person who destroyed the evidence is believed to be the person who was previously granted bail. He also noted that delaying money laundering charges against Mr. Du Hao would give him the opportunity to move away the assets. In the past, the assets of the detected cabinet were about 8 billion baht. I don't have a single penny in cash. There was only 100,000 baht in the account, Mr. Chuvit said. Currently, there are 2 people, the first is the person who saw the withdrawal from the account and the second person is a hotel witness, which he cannot give more details because both witnesses are currently under police protection. In addition, one witness was found to have been intimidated into fear and could not be contacted," noting that the movement was supported and behind the scenes, distorting or delaying the case due to the lengthy length of each step. damage or alter witnesses or evidence; Because the defendant is an influential person and has money, there is an opportunity to fight and convince witnesses. By persuasion, witnesses are offered benefits in the form of money. In order not to testify in court. If you testify, you deny that you don't know and don't see it. As for the witnesses who testified, they asked for a new trial, or finally for the witnesses to disappear. You don't have to testify in court." Mr. Chuvit said that the officers of the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) participated in the gray Chinese capital slap movement while searching the former Nauru Consul General's residence in Thailand in Sathorn district, where police 191, DSI, soldiers and interpreters totaled 16 people. THEREFORE, THE METROPOLITAN POLICE HEADQUARTERS ISSUED AN ARREST WARRANT AND CONDUCTED A JOINT SEARCH, AND BASED ON THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE, THE DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE DSI DID NOT KNOW ABOUT THE ISSUE OF CLAIMING BENEFITS AND BELIEVED THAT THE PERSON BEHIND THE MATTER HAD THE INITIALS "T", WHICH IS AT THE EXECUTIVE LEVEL OF THE DSI.
Soft and soft, testified before placing 100,000 bail Yan, CEO, Primaya is not fooled.|The police have pleaded guilty. 6 thousand investments revealed 15 million is the total sales from 750 clients, not their own money, "Pee Mae", the CEO of Primaya is not deceived, and the Macau case, 888 of which were abroad, were exhausted at 4 p.m. on Jan. 20, 2023, at the Police Bureau of Technology Crime Investigation (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Waritsirip Leelasiri 2nd Lieutenant, The six accused were Ms. Palin Thongsub, 25, Ms. Chotika Nakto, 30, and Ms. Kannika. 30-year-old, Ms. Ratchanan Ms. Sasivimol Manowan, 26, and Ms. Marissa Sanguansin, 29, were all charged with fraud or deception. Enter into the computer system any computer information that is distorted or fake, whether in whole or in part, or false computer data, which is likely to cause damage to the public, to be interrogated after interrogation. Lt. Gen. Worawat said. Investigators have arrested a total of 11 suspects, all of whom initially accepted the goods for sale and admitted to being the posters themselves. In the case of Ms. Ratchanan, she testified in the same manner as others that she had received the product and posted it herself. It's just that there are a lot of followers on tick-tock, allowing them to sell products. As for the question of whether investing 6 thousand has a profit of 15 million, this is only sales and not income itself, which has 750 clients or members. He continued: We prosecuted the accused for an offence under the Computer Crime Act, in which all the messages of the accused group testified that they were the ones who posted the messages themselves, but also denied the charges. After this, prepare to check the financial path of Primaya. All when asked by a reporter if he would check other brands afterwards. Because it has a similar post-sale style. Lt. Gen. Worawat said they were investigating. When found guilty, it is caught during the period of no damage. Not to break the nest. For those who like to post brand-name shows and a lot of money. These people are targeted by the police. When asked by reporters if Mr. Siddhartha praises or his boyfriend Zak, he is also guilty. Preliminary from inspection He was found not guilty because Mr. Siddhartha was not the poster, the Police Commissioner said. Online gambling website "Macau 888" The police did not remain silent, but when the whistleblower was posted, the police had to carry out an investigation and gather evidence, which would take time. Therefore, there is a delay, and when people have money, they need to be more careful and cautious. The authorities detained Ms. Ratchanan Muangprathet or Soft Nim. The host along with 3 others are Ms. Palin Thongsap, Ms. Chotika Nakto, Ms. Kannika For further interrogation, Ms. Ratchanan said she had actually sold the product. The details have already been given to the police. When asked by a reporter if she was attacked by Ms. Pichanree Tantiwit, she said: CEO Primaya Fooling or not? Ms. Ratchanan said, "Brother Mae is not deceived. Mae did everything honestly. There was no deception whatsoever." After the interrogation was completed. Ms. Ratchanan and 6 others applied for bail at the investigation stage before the investigators considered temporary release by placing 100,000 baht in cash as collateral.
Lopburi police officers called "Ton Kraw Goat" to make a plan to point out the "Taeng Thai Tha Vung" appointment point to shoot and burn the camouflage.|Lopburi police detain 1 goatee tree accused of killing and burning body Taeng Thai ThaWung served as the driver and led the co-perpetrators to flee. The police have been arrested for drug-related offenses and are investigating the remaining two suspects in the shooting case of Mr. Suwit Kerdkaew, or Taeng Thai Thawung. The loan man then burned in a saloon, and it was reported that Mr. Nikhom Boonnak, nicknamed "Ton Bearded Goat", was 36 years old, a villager in Moo 12, Pho 9 Ton. One of the three accused contacted the police to surrender. Lopburi City Police Station In the middle of the night on January 20, 2023, the police officers arrived from a sugarcane plantation in Tha Luang district, Lopburi province. Before the preliminary investigation with the investigating officer, the latest developments. On January 20, 2023, the police brought Ton beard goatee to point out the meeting point to meet Taeng Thai ThaWung. The deceased made a plan to assemble a confession, amid tight security. MORE THAN 30 POLICE OFFICERS HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO CUSTODY. Goat beard Let's point out the planning point starting at the bypass kitchen restaurant. Along Road No. 366, Moo 8, T. Kokko Mr. Nupol Srimool or Arm, 32, Mr. Kamphie Lalao or Lao, 26, nicknamed Little Benz, and he drove to the scene to pick up Mr. Nikhom, testified that after talking and drinking alcohol at the bypass kitchen for a few minutes, he called the deceased Mr. Suwit to wait at the killing site until about 11.35 p.m. on January 16. The deceased was sitting in the car with Mr. Nupol or Arm as he got out of the car and talked to Mr. Suwit, the deceased for a few moments, before hearing 2 gunshots. They then drove away. By Mr. Nupol or Arm I'm not sure if Mr. Suwit actually died. So I drove back and looked at it again to be sure. This time, they brought the prepared fuel. Before Nupol or Arm could get out of the car and set the whole car on fire, the whole person then dispersed and fled. They never contacted each other again while they were making plans. Thai Rath reporters found 1 shell casing of a 9 mm gun at the scene, which corresponds to the testimony of Ton Beard Goat, who heard 2 gunshots, which the police have only detected since the day of the incident. He only knew that he was going to take about 100,000 methamphetamine pills from the deceased. Without realizing it, he would shoot and burn the camouflage, which he, before contacting the surrender, vowed that when he was acquitted, he would ordain a charity to the deceased. BEFORE THE GOATEE TREE BOWED DOWN TO THE SCENE WITH TEARS IN HIS EYES, MAJ. GEN. APIRAK VEJKANJANA BOWED TO THE SCENE. The Lopburi Police Chief, along with the relevant officers, went to the area to follow up on the plan to accompany the confession. After knowing the progress from the forensic officer. Lopburi police inspected the deceased's car that had been set on fire and the autopsy results, which indicated that the deceased was shot in the skull with 1 shot in the occipital area. It was found that Mr. Suwit or "Teng Thai Thawung" and the 3 mobsters belonged to the same drug network. There is a history in Lopburi province and the seam area that the police have traced to prosecute but killed each other first. By the initial confession of the beginning. Goat beard will confess to being just a driver and escorting away. It is the right of the accused, the police have already gathered evidence. Investigators initially filed a chase to track down two other criminals, who are expected to be arrested soon, to investigate the atrocities. Conceal or destroy corpses to conceal the cause of death. Possession of firearms and ammunition without authorization Take firearms with you to the city. Villages or public roads without permission to carry firearms and without reasonable cause. Arson and burning of other people's property.SPONSORED
Narathiwat scouts besieged 3 dead in mountain range in Sri Sakhon |Narathiwat scouts blockade the mountain range at Si Sakhon After reports of armed forces being found, the assailants fired at the police officers until the clashes. After clearing the area, 3 dead bodies were found until the lt. took the body for autopsy before handing it over to relatives for the ceremony on the morning of January 20, 2023. Maj. Gen. Prabpal Memongkol Deputy Chief Of Staff 9 Acting On behalf of the Government Chief Of Staff, Narathiwat Police Department, Sittichai Bamrungkhet The Joint Director general of Narathiwat province has joined forces with Lt. Col. Direk. Superintendent of Investigation, Provincial Police Division Officers of the 49th and 45th Scout Regiments, as well as security investigators. It has joined four task forces, enforcing the law against militants active in the Mautae Mountains. Behind Da Hong Village M.4 Choengkiri, Srisakhon After investigating the militia, the area was used in the mountains. BUILT AS A SHELTER FOR THE MILITANT MOVEMENT, SPONSORED BY PATROLLING FROM THE VILLAGE. Wander through the waters and high-rise forests About 5 km away, 10 militants were found dispersed in tents and makeshift shelters. There were 10 separate kitchens, which were located on mounds and rocks, with waterways surrounding them, so the officers organized a force to surround the target. Instead, the militants used firearms to shoot at the officers, and both sides opened fire on each other in waves for an hour as the rain continued to fall as the gunfire subsided. Three militants were killed by extraordinary officers: 1. Abdulnaze Awae, 41, a villager; M.4 Choengkiri, Srisakhon Narathiwat is an operational member with 5 arrest warrants 2. There was 1 arrest warrant and 3. Mr. Turmizi Yeung had 1 arrest warrant and seized a number of firearms and subsistence equipment in the forest, including clothing. Provincial Police Superintendent Narathiwat province and the relevant authorities inspected the scene to collect evidence before taking the bodies of the 3 deceased to perform a thorough autopsy at Sri Sakhon Hospital. Therefore, they gathered to pressure the work of the authorities. He claimed that the authorities were delayed in taking the body of the deceased for a religious ceremony scheduled within 24 hours, but the authorities had publicized the procedures before the body could be transported down from the mountain.
Sara Contact Bang Phlat Police Station Cech advances his arrest warrant to give accommodation to "Daryl".|Police Chief Sara reveals Kazingini Contact The Bang Phlat Police Department about the arrest warrant for your case. After the DSI filed a complaint against Daryl Young, the police were in the process of gathering evidence to issue a summons in the early evening of Jan. 19, 2023. Nawinphop Panavibhat Special Investigation Officer, Legal Division The Department of Special Investigation (DSI) visited Pol. Col. Parinya Yellowuthai, Director of Bang Phlat Police Station, ready to bring the prosecution report to Ms. Sara Kazingini 35 years old, Half Italian-Thai model Daryl Young's girlfriend, who is accused of sharing Forex-3D, has been detained earlier. On the charge of sheltering at a condo along the Chao Phraya River near Sanghee Bridge, according to a news release, at 6 p.m. on Jan. 20, Maj. Gen. Parinya Yellowuthai, director of the Bang Phlat Police Department, said that after the Department of Special Investigation officials had brought documents and evidence about the case, they had already been arrested. He has assigned Lt. Col. Sokon Boonchan to investigate. At the moment, the documents relating to witnesses and evidence are not complete, so they have coordinated with the Department of Special Investigation, which is considered the government agency that is the complainant. The director of the Bang Phlat Police Department also said that after the evidence is complete, the evidence will be completed. The investigating officer of Bang Phlat Police Station will issue a summons in accordance with the legal procedures. Focus on sending summons to the domicile of the accused in Phuket province. If 2 summonses have not been issued and have not been found, they will approve the request for an arrest warrant. The Department of Special Investigation came to coordinate with The Bang Phlat Police Department, and the accused tried to check the progress by contacting the hotel to see if he had been issued a summons.
The mother of the gun reported the nursery negligently, letting go of asphyxiation, the chances of survival flickered.|My mother came to the police. Nong chok nursery negligently let his son suffocate his chances of survival. Call for clarification of facts While the closed circuit is broken. The police have taken the server for inspection and have not charged anyone at 13.00 on 20 January 2023 at Nong Chok Police Station. Ms. Patchara Yingyongsan Report to Lt. Col. Manit Chanprasit, Deputy Director (Investigation) Nong chok police said on Jan. 18 that they had taken the lead. Nong Gun My 1-year-old and 11-month-old son were adopted at a nursery in Nong Chok, Bangkok, near their home. In the afternoon, the nanny called to inform her that she was no longer breathing, saying that she had covered her nose before the nursery rushed her to the hospital. The doctor said now the chances of survival are almost nonexistent. He asked to see the CCTV and said it wasn't working. Ms. Patra, mother of a gun It was revealed earlier in December 2022. He took his child to a week to test if he could stay in the nursery. Which is before deciding to take Tess. He said there was CCTV cameras his mother could watch but would not see them all the time, and he was sure that there were CCTV cameras, and even in January 2023, he and his husband alternated raising their children at home. IF HE GOES TO WORK, HER HUSBAND WILL TAKE CARE OF HER, SAID HER MOTHER, WHO SAID ON JAN. 18, 2023. At 10.42 a.m., the teacher sent him a clip of him drinking milk, and then at 12.42 p.m., the chatline asked if he was eating, sleeping, but the nursery did not read the line and did not reply until 2.23 p.m. He said he slept with a cloth covering his nose. He said it was possible that the cloth was not thick, it was the cloth that he had been attached to since the birth of Ms. Phatchara. But the nursery also informed him that he had stopped breathing with a nasal swab since he was in the nursery and was taken to the hospital, where he was completely green. The hospital pumped the heart but was unable to continue treatment. Because there was no ventilator, the child was sent to another hospital for treatment. The second hospital informed that she had been suffocating for a long time. Now that the coma has barely survived, he asked the doctor to help him with his condition first, so he could stop treating him. The doctor told him that there was no possibility that a 1-year-old and 11-month-old child would sleep with a cloth covering their nose. The doctor called him to talk and said he wanted his case to be forwarded to other parents. He said that after the incident, he asked to see the CCTV. The nursery informed him that the camera was broken, so he tried to inquire about the incident, but confirmed the original answer that he had put a cloth over his nose. Why did the camera break at the right moment, I would like to call on the nursery to clarify, personally, if there is no closed circuit, he will go and take the baby to the nursery. But when he went, he insisted that there was CCTV, so he dared to take it. When it happened, it turned out that the camera wasn't working. It happened to a child, I don't know. Whether the nursery opened properly or not, he didn't know, but he chose it because it was close to home. If the camera is bad, how to adopt a child? It's not fair to them, it's not safe. Ms. Pachara said she did not believe that the nasal swab prevented her from breathing. I don't think he's been abused, but is he too neglectful? At the time of the incident, the nanny said that he went out to eat at 1.15 p.m., came back around 2 p.m., saw him lying face down with a cloth covering his nose, and saw the green body not breathing. HE REALLY CAN'T MAKE UP HIS MIND, SPONSORED BY POL. COL. PRASERT TAUGHTJAM, DIRECTOR OF THE NAKJOK POLICE DEPARTMENT. Revealed that initially the server was introduced. The hard disk of the CCTV camera was inspected in order to recover the CCTV footage to ascertain the facts of what happened and the allegations were filed against the owner of the nursery. Act recklessly causing serious harm to others. She is still on a ventilator at Nopparat Hospital because her parents are still unable to make up their minds. The police insisted that they would gather evidence to the best of their ability because they were sympathetic to the parents.
BangkokNoi 1 leads the intensive tutoring team Prevent shootings, seize "flee" Hide, fight."|"Director Tak" led the Bangkok Noi Police Department with local authorities to organize the event. To enhance the knowledge of students, teachers and teachers in preventing and suppressing fires within Sinoros School in order to prepare for emergency situations that can be practical as well as survival guidelines by intensive tutoring both theory and practice from fictional situations. Hide Fight"On January 20, 2023, the Metropolitan Police Division 7 by Maj. Gen. Chakraborty Sukontharaj. 7th Lt. Col. Sastra Onsarami, Director of Bangkok Noi Police Department, Lt. Col. Somsak Kerdsaeng, Deputy Chief of Police, Bangkok Noi Police Station in collaboration with Bang Khun Non Fire Station Bangkok Naval Base Disaster Relief Center Thonburi Hospital Organize active shooter and fire prevention activities within the school. Mr. Ramesh Musikanon Director of Sinoros College, Mr. Nabet Aranyaming Deputy Director, General Administration Group A total of 500 teachers, school staff and students of Sinoros College attended the training at Vasukri Auditorium. SINOROS COLLEGE, BANGKOK NOI, BANGKOKSPONSORED MR. RAMESH MUSIKANON The Director of Sinoros College revealed that all sectors are aware of the safety of students and educational personnel in the event of a crisis due to the current situation. Therefore, it is important to prepare for specific threats and emergencies. The objectives of this activity are to prepare for emergency situations such as shootings and fires, to enhance the knowledge and skills to protect the lives of students and educational personnel, to strengthen the skills to alert, communicate effectively, and assist victims of such incidents. Fire and rescue training CPR to provide knowledge and practicality, as well as training in dealing with crisis situations from shootings from police officers who simulate fictional events to understand and be able to help themselves and others correctly." Mr. Sinoros said that The Bangkok Noi Police Department's director, Sastra Onsarami, said that in the past, the current situation both domestically and internationally. Active shooters have occurred in many areas including shopping centers, educational institutions, and children's centers, with criminals often choosing places where large gatherings of people or vulnerable groups, such as children who cannot fight. Therefore, schools are another target that criminals will choose to commit "active shooter skills", which is a new type of threat to educational personnel. Students must be aware. Have knowledge and understanding of the form of villains. Violence Observation, recognition, blame for the images and weapons used, as well as survival approaches. "We are committed to protecting the lives of ourselves and those around us in such crisis situations," said The Director of The Bangkok Noi Police Department, who also said that for the lectures of the speakers, there will be both theoretical and practical aspects from the hypothetical situation. Teachers & Staff They must know and know the basic procedures when an incident occurs and be the one who must lead the students along a safe route. Report the incident to the relevant authorities and finally evacuate and rescue the injured to a safe area for students. It is necessary to know how to avoid escaping such situations. If there is an incident, everyone must be conscious and adhere to 3 principles: "Flee. When responding to an emergency, be mindful (escape) to escape from the trajectory of the villain's bullets to a safe area as quickly as possible. The area is also sheltered from the trajectory of the bullet. But if you can't escape with closed terrain, (hide) by finding a shelter and hiding camouflage, locking the door, placing obstacles, turning off the lights in the room. Mute the phone, notify the police, and refrain from using the noise inside the premises, during which everyone gathers to find objects that can be used as weapons. If the villain tries to enter the hiding room, everyone will have to find a cover for the villain's eyes and line of vision. If the villain wishes to enter the room, everyone must join forces (fight) to stop the villain from entering the room and take everyone out safely. In such situations, it is suitable for the terrain. To take students to a safe area far away to prevent criminals from detecting and repeating violence, and to advise them how to escape using the building as the main shelter. FAST COMMUNICATION CHANNELS BETWEEN ALL SECTORS.SPONSORED
DSI suspends 5 officers for searching Chinese homes and demanding money|A spokesman for the Department of Special Investigation said five DSI officials were suspended for embezzlement of central funds in exchange for the release of 11 Chinese nationals arrested in the home of former consul general Nauru.   At 8:18 p.m. on January 20, 2023, Mrs. Pichaya Tarakornsanti A spokesman for the Department of Special Investigation revealed that based on the facts alleged by the complainant, the evidence of the officer's arrest was taken. The Department of Special Investigation, together with the police officers, embezzled central funds and demanded the release of 11 Chinese nationals who were arrested in their homes, resulting in the issuance of arrest warrants for five Special Investigation Department officers and a number of police officers. In the case of an offence as a joint officer to wrongfully summon, receive or accept property or other benefits for himself or others, being a joint official performing his duties or refraining from performing his duties unlawfully, being a joint official in order to help others not to be punished or to receive a lesser penalty, causing damage, destruction, concealment, taking away or rendering useless evidence of an offence, in case of serious disciplinary offences by setting up a disciplinary investigation committee to comply with the Civil Service Regulation Act B.E. 2551, Section 57 (10), Section 101, The Rules on Disciplinary Action B.E. 2556, Article 78 and Article 81. If he continues to perform his official duties, it will hinder the investigation and may cause damage to the government, so it is advisable to suspend all 5 officers.
Uzbek woman arrested at Phuket Airport for possessing 2.23 kg of cocaine in a laptop worth over 10 million|A 41-year-old Uzbekistani woman was found to have seized 2.23 kg of cocaine in a laptop and three mobile phones worth more than 10 million baht. After the report, the drug entered Thailand on Jan. 20, 2023, under the direction of Maj. Gen. Sermpan Sirikong. Phuket Police Chief Lt. Col. Kanchavis Phoprasit, Director of Sakoo Police Department, Lt. Col. Salan Tantisasanakul Deputy Inspector General of Police Sakoo, Lt. Col. Supaporn Saelim, Deputy Director of The Sakoo Police Department, along with The Police Department of Sa Khu Police Department, until the Phuket Airport Customs Department until the Immigration Police (POK) until the Narcotics Suppression Division (PSC). Phuket Airport authorities and related agencies jointly made the arrest. Mrs. Shoira Rakmonova, 41, a Uzbekistani national, holds a passport. Republic of Uzbekistan at customs (arrival) area, 1st floor, International Building Phuket Airport, Sakoo Subdistrict, Thalang District, Phuket Province with central items Cocaine (white powder) is packed in 8 plastic bags weighing 2.23 kilograms, which are hidden in a notebook bag with a secret compartment and 3 mobile phones. PHUKET AIRPORTSPONSORED FOR SUCH ARRESTS. Since customs officers randomly checked the illegal substances of passengers arriving from abroad due to news reports that they are suspected of smuggling drugs into the area, they have requested to search passengers with suspicious behavior. Sakoo, the police officer, informed the accused. Illegally importing class 2 narcotics (cocaine) into the Kingdom of Central Cocaine (white powder) contained in 8 plastic bags and ready for further legal proceedings.
Catching husband and wife, smuggling carcasses of "fire tigers", rare wild animals, sending them to sell saimu, empowering - majestic.|Police arrested the husband-wife, administrator of Sai Mu page, smuggling the carcass of a fire tiger, sending it to the popular admirers to use as a talisman, create power, prestige, and prosper trade. On January 21, 2023, Maj. Gen. Watcharin Pusit, PTTEP's chief of staff, announced that he would be joining the army. Command Lt. Col. Arun Vajirasrisukanya Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Wisit Plubmuang, 1st Lt. Col., Lt. Col. Kasiddej Charoenlap Deputy Chief of Staff 1st Army, Lt. Col. Danai Deduangpan 1st Army Corps of Engineers Lead the arrest force. Ms. Phatcharapan Prasongdee, 30, and Mr. Sittiporn Boonlai, 30, who are husband and wife, according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 187, 191/2566 dated 16 January 2023, for trafficking and possession of protected wildlife carcasses without permission. Caught at The Crocodile Bua House, Lat Phrao District, Bangkok, with items such as 2 foreheads, 1 tail piece, 19 tiger skin parts, 6 tiger skin parts, 16 bottles of fire tiger oil. Kg.1.The PTT Army has detected clues to the trade of fire tiger carcasses from its Facebook page. The fire tiger has been the world's endangered protected species since 2008 and is listed as the No. 1 animal of the CITES Convention after being hunted for skin and bones for sale. The page has announced the sale of the remains of tiger forehead parts, tiger skins, rudders of talismans and tiger oil to those who prefer and those who use them as talismans based on the belief of superpowers. Baramee Mercy Great Charm The officers gathered evidence and asked the court to issue an arrest warrant and searched the suspect's residence until they found all the evidence of the central investigation, both of them confessed that they had sold fire tiger skin and fire tiger oil to people who used it as a talisman based on the belief that tigers are powerful animals. Protect against ghosts and charms The price for sale is 2,600-2,800 baht, tiger skin by size 200-1,000 baht, fire rudder by size 400 baht, gluttony 300 baht, and tiger oil. The price of each bottle is 199 baht, so it is sent to the investigating officer Kg.1. The POLICE is ready to expand the search for those involved in the prosecution.
In the second round, the court dismissed the petition after "Yam Thamolpan" filed 3 million for the 2nd bail application.|File photo***"Yam Thamonpan", a former celebrity heroine accused of gambling contraband Monthly turnover of 7 billion baht Submit a petition with securities in cash of 3 million baht. The court also dismissed the petition, pointing out that there was no reason to change the original order. He was jailed on January 21, 2023, at the Criminal Court, Ratchadapisek Road. The Reporter reported that on Jan. 19. Miss Thamonpan Prasertwit or Yam, a famous former folk drama heroine. The accused together arranged to play or perform trickery, help advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in electronic media without the permission of the authorities, conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit the offence of money laundering, and the offence of money laundering by reason of the conspiracy. And together with money laundering, a petition was filed with securities in cash of 3 million baht. The court had already ordered that bail should not be granted because it was found that the alleged offences were related to major offences and the amount of convincing amounts to the offences were considerable. If temporarily released, they may escape. As the investigators objected, they were not allowed to be released temporarily. Raise a petition However, the Criminal Court found that the court had previously ordered the temporary release of the accused. Therefore, there is no reason to change the original order. Raise a petition.
The 4th District Police Department hastened to collect evidence. 3 dead in Srisakhon|The 4th District Police Department clarified the case of the mountain clash in Sri Sakhon. 3 dead bodies, 3 suspects found with arrest warrants for security cases, until the police inspected the autopsy before returning the relatives according to the time. At 09.00 a.m. on January 21, 2023, the 4th District Police Headquarters explained that 3 suspects had been killed late on January 20, 2023. Tawe Mountain Area Moo 4, Baan Da Hong Choengkiri, Srisakhon Therefore, the 49th Lt. Col. Department organized a force to investigate on that day, and was shot at by a group of violent militants using firearms to retaliate. Investigators at the scene found 3 dead mobsters. Mr. Büraheng Numsa, 38, a violent offender, had 1 arrest warrant in a security case, Mr. Paisarn Saram, 30, a violent offender, had 3 arrest warrants in a security case, the main one being the bombing in Bangkok on August 2, 2019, and Mr. Turmisi Yeung, 35, a violent offender, had 3 arrest 21 warrants in the security case. A.R.S.A. On April 26, 2021, the police seized firearms. 2 M16 guns, 1 AGA gun, 3 guns, pipe bombs, temporary accommodation and a number of personal belongings were seized after the incident, some news pages tried to livestream to distort and incite that the authorities did not follow the religious procedures to send the body of the deceased to relatives for religious ceremonies within the specified time. The 4th District Police Department would like to inform you that in the process of performing the work of the officers after the incident. It is necessary to take control of the situation, as well as set up an extraction point in the route where the remaining villains are expected to escape. In addition, the police must recover the explosives hidden in the area in order to make the area safe for the forensic officers to collect witness material and genetic material to prove the connection to the case and expand the results with the rest of the mob, including in the process of conducting post-mortem examination of the deceased. The relevant authorities must take detailed action. Before sending the body to relatives, it can be used for religious ceremonies. All of which must be treated with caution to ensure safety, as there may still be mobs hiding in the vicinity attacking the officers who are on duty. At the moment, the operation in the area is not over, as the authorities still have to collect witnesses, including genetic material, to be used as evidence to find the culprit and punish them according to the law.
Order an urgent examination of the "Thai Police" video Leading a procession of Chinese tourists, pointing to the image|Police Commissioner Fact check In the case of "Thai police" footage that is going viral in China, the issue of facilitation Lead a procession of tourists Confirm that there are strict rules and regulations. If found guilty, he will be punished on January 21, 2023, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman Revealed the case of the "Thai police" video that is going viral in China, mentioning that "Chinese girl" tested the service of "Thai police" to see if they can use the money to buy everything according to the rumors. 'Funny' The police picked up the plane door, walked to the door, guided the way, and lifted the bags. Open the car door, drive, turn on the emergency lights, sirens, 6,000 sedans, 7,000 in one snap, arrive at the property. It's really convenient! Maj. Gen. Achan said, "This is the case. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the chief of police, was informed of the matter and saw that it affected the image of the organization. Police said the person appeared in the footage from the airport to the procession. Are you a police officer? Why are there tourist facilities? Act lawfully THE COMMISSIONER THEN CONSIDERED THE ORDER UNDER THE AUTHORITY, PROPOSING THE DIRECTOR OF THE SQ. TO BE INFORMED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, THE SPOKESPERSON ADDED, "FROM WHAT APPEARS IN THE CLIP. Facilitating immigration procedures It cannot be carried out as part of the lead of the procession. The police have always ordered the implementation of traffic laws and the implementation of resolutions. In accordance with the letter of the Cabinet Secretariat no. 0205/W189 dated 2 October 2002, the Cabinet resolution of September 25, 2001 approved the rules for the use of police vehicles by important persons or politicians or the use of vehicles to welcome foreign guests on their visits to Thailand.  In other cases, the procession can be led in Bangkok to the Director general. Be authorized to consider permission. Outside Bangkok, the Director-General shall have the authority to consider the permit by considering the need to use a police car to lead the procession. For the safety of the procession or the safety of road users as necessary for the case, such as school buses. A convoy of vehicles traveling to perform religious or ceremonial services or in case of urgent need of persons with various positions in the government to travel to perform important official duties. It is essential that the guidelines are strictly considered. It is not for anyone to use the privilege for personal comfort. In addition to affecting road safety, it can create a bad image in the eyes of the public. If fact-checking Legal action is not taken. The punishment will be considered in accordance with the authority."
Chinese New Year Colors Uttaradit Police Take off your uniform, dress up in a saiyew theme, give away auspicious oranges.|Uttaradit city police officers take off their uniforms Wear a Saiyew-themed dress. Give auspicious oranges and distribute campaign leaflets and advice on how to prevent fire. Chinese New Year 2023 on January 21, 2023 at uttaradit municipal market area. Maj. Gen. Somkasem Jarak, director of the Uttaradit City Police Department, along with Police patrols and traffic City Police officers take off their police uniforms Wearing a saiyew dress. Monk Tang Sam Jang, Sun Wukong, Tui Lai, Suo Yin, Sai Yin characters Chinese novels known all over the world create colors in the area of incident prevention, security and fire prevention campaigns on Chinese New Year, as well as giving auspicious oranges and distributing campaign leaflets at various gold shops and in the municipal fresh market and advice on how to prevent fire. Chinese New Year 2023 from January 21-22. Jarak, director of the Uttaradit Police Department, revealed that during the Chinese New Year, police officers from Uttaradit city police station were arrested. Ensuring the safety of the people The officers are dressed as saiyew characters. Chinese classics are known all over the world, and during the Chinese New Year, auspicious oranges are presented. ENHANCE YOUR AUSPICIOUSNESS SPONSORED AND GIVE ADVICE ON HOW TO Fire protection Make people aware of fire prevention that may occur during Chinese New Year. Lighting incense candles to pray for sacred things is traditional, and it is believed that this year the atmosphere will be bustling. Covid-19 is endemic. In order to take care of the safety of life and property of the people and to facilitate traffic, regular officers have been organized to organize crime prevention and suppression patrols to ensure the safety of the people.
A 3-month-old boy was killed in Mukdahan and fled to a neighbor for 9 years.|Mukdahan police arrested a 3-month-old boy and arson in 2014 and spent nine years in a neighboring country. He returned to Thailand for prosecution at 2 p.m. on Jan. 20, 2023. Mukdahan Immigration Under the command of Maj. Gen. Getchakaj Nilprab The 4th District Commander, along with several other parties in the area, arrested him. Mr. Jesada or Pa, 54 years old, Thai nationality, according to the arrest warrant. Hua Hin Provincial Court No. 173/2557 dated September 12, 2014, accused of committing the offense of "intentionally killing others, attempting to kill others with intent and arson and burning others' property" in the case of arson, burning of cars and killing Dr. Thanakrit. Buapa, 3 months old, accompanied by her grandmother, Mrs. Radha Dechlo, who was seriously injured at her home in Moo 3, Pranburi Subdistrict, Pranburi District, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province. Bangsai Yai Muang Mukdahan Mukdahan SPONSORED The circumstances of the case and the arrest Before the arrest The police investigation officer was notified by the police. Pranburi police have asked for their cooperation to follow up and arrest Mr. Jesada, a Thai national. The accused, according to the arrest warrant of Hua Hin Provincial Court No. 173/2557 dated September 12, 2014, charged with "intentional killing of others, intentional attempt to kill others and arson of others". If a person is found under the arrest warrant, he or she will be arrested, and the investigation reveals that Mr. Jesada, the accused under the arrest warrant, has fled to the country. Lao PDR and the arresting police have contacted the Thai Savannakhet consul to monitor the arrest until January 20. The arresting police officers were informed by the Thai Consulate Savannakhet that they would send a Thai national named Mr. Jesada, who had been arrested by Lao PDR authorities and prosecuted, back to Thailand. The arresting officer then went to pick up the person at the permanent border crossing of Friendship Bridge 2 (Mukdahan-Savannakhet) and checked the immigration formalities. The arrested person has acknowledged that he is the same person under the arrest warrant that the officer presented in front of him at the time and has never been prosecuted under this warrant. The officers then recorded their arrest and detention and handed them over to the Pranburi Police Department for further legal proceedings.
The Police Commissioner ordered a sharp deal. - 3 Central Traffic Officer China Ministry of Finance|The commanding officer ordered the operation to be sharp. Three central tourist and traffic police officers leading the procession of Chinese tourists are ready to investigate all issues to clarify. Police across the country are urged not to happen again. If the disciplinary action is immediately violated on Jan. 21, 2023, Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesman for the police said the police had ordered an urgent investigation into the thai police driving a procession of Chinese tourists. Initially, it was proved that the person appearing in the clip was 3 real police officers, 1 of whom was a tourist policeman, Lt. Col. Sompol Piño Club. Deputy Inspector General, Division 3 (Responsible for Suvarnabhumi Airport) under Tourist Police Division 1 and Police Division 2 Mr. Is The Lieutenant Governor Nukul Banking and Thanawat Simakajornboon In the tourist police section. Maj. Gen. M.L. Santhikorn Worawan, commander of Tourism Division 1, has instructed superintendent 3 to set up a fact-checking committee as ordered, according to the letter. 1st Lt. Col. No. 0038.201/255 down 21 Jan 2023 for Royal Thai Police Both officers of the Metropolitan Police Command have issued an order to set up an investigation and an order to perform the duties of the Police Commissioner and order a fact-check. The superintendent, deputy superintendent and police superintendent are the two police officers. He also said that the police chief was very focused on what was happening. Ordered to investigate all issues. All dimensions, whether it is who commands, coordinates, how much authority and how it is handled, and the issue of the car used to lead the procession. A royal car was introduced. Is the government car for personal use? Check all the vehicles shown in the clip and check back to see if this behavior has occurred. Is it a movement? All inquiries of the society must be investigated and clarified as soon as possible. IN ADDITION, THE POLICE CHIEF HAS ORDERED ALL POLICE OFFICERS NOT TO ACT IN SUCH A MANNER AGAIN, OTHERWISE THEY WILL BE SUBJECT TO STRICT DISCIPLINARY ACTION.
Jo called. Lead the procession China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs Lean the lead car, not the government.|The work enters the "trafficker". Lead the train Chinese Nat Clarification of the incident and setting up a fact-checking committee Spokesperson The Chinese tourist car is not a government vehicle, it is not a criminal offense, but a disciplinary offense. Prepare the driver girl. The Deputy Prime Minister also said that a female Chinese tourist posted a video of her visiting Thailand. Then use the police car of the Traffic Police Division to drive the lead car for convenience, along with paying extra money to the police. In addition, there is a tourist policeman to facilitate as you walk out of the plane to take you to the fast lane without having to wait in line like other tourists. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, ordered an investigation, and initially found that there was 1 tourist police officer, Lt. Col. Sompol Piñosorn. The position of Deputy Inspector of Division 3 (responsible for Suvarnabhumi Airport) under Tourist Police Division 1 and Traffic Police Division 2 officers are Thanakorn. Nukul Thanakit and Thanawat Simakajornboon, who appear in the video, have now ordered the establishment of a fact-checking committee and are ready to move into the operation center and are considering punishment. In addition to setting up a committee to investigate those who appear in the clip, there is also an order to check on the supervisor. From superintendent level The deputy superintendent and inspector, who oversees the police operations shown in the video, along with the national police sergeant, summoned all 3 persons for further disciplinary investigation today (January 22) at the Traffic Police Division .... There is a big bike Yamaha model MT-09. Tracer The white car with registration number 1 Khop 85, Bangkok, which appears in the video of the chinese tourist's car being parked, does not have the logo of the Royal Thai Police or the Traffic Police Division, as well as the license plate of a personal motorcycle, but is decorated with sirens and flashing lights on the car. There are also gloves and a black headscarf. It was reported that the commanding officers of the two traffic police officers had called to clarify the incident at the Traffic Police Division. At 1:00 p.m., Maj. Gen. Apichart Suribunya, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Army, was arrested. As a tourist police spokesperson He denied that he had not told the media that the tourist police in the footage testified that he had been coordinated by the driver of the Minister of the Prime Minister's Office to drive the procession and facilitate the tourists because they had not been formally called in to testify as they were in the process of setting up a fact-finding committee and from the preliminary investigation. It was found that the car used was a private car, not a government vehicle. It is not considered a criminal offence but a disciplinary offence because it is inappropriate behavior because the tourist police must take care and facilitate all tourists as a whole, not a particular person. But from the behavior, it is believed that it is a special job to facilitate tourists. If the investigation finds that the minister's driver was involved in the news, he must also be invited to provide information to clarify the issue.
Singing the media, my brother was right. Police officer dies after losing bet on cockfighting, not enough money to pay |A young contractor is stomped by the police. Pang dies in a chicken gambling house in Nonsila District The sisters refused to cry out to journalists, fearing silence and influence in uniform, and fearing not being treated fairly. Meanwhile, Director Nonsila yanked that the area without cockfighting is likely to be a stealth, stressing that if the police are wrong, they will not ignore it at 2.00 p.m. on January 22, 2023. Ban Pa Po Pa Po District Ban Phai District, Khon Kaen Province, which is the subdistrict office of Pa Po. To meet Mrs. Supisara Barisri, 53 years old, wife of Mr. Kamnan and sister of Mr. Den or Mr. Woraphob Sukto, 41 years old, at the house number 89 Moo 6. Ban Nong Chee Saw Banhan Subdistrict, Nonsila District Nonsila, Khon Kaen The complaint seeks justice for his brother, who was physically assaulted in a teacher's chicken pit, and the other party who assaulted him was a police officer of Ban Phai Police Station and Nonsila Nang Supisara Police Station. Mr. Den's older sister, Barisrisri, 53, said: My brother has a construction career and loves to raise chickens and loves to beat chickens, and on the afternoon of January 15, he went to hit the chickens at Kruman, which is in the Ban Wang Yao area. Then there was a phone call from a good citizen. He told his wife and daughter that he was going to pick up Mr. Den at Bon Kai and go to the hospital, so he went to the chicken pond, but did not find Mr. Den, so he searched until he found Mr. Den's body lying in the farm hut. The body was covered with green bruises all over, and the navel was bulging and swollen, so rescuers were called. Nonsila Hospital was sent to Nonsila Hospital, but the symptoms were very heavy due to bleeding in the abdomen. MR. DEN'S SISTER SAID THAT AFTER THE INCIDENT, HE KNEW THAT THERE WAS A POLICEMAN WHO WAS HIS BROTHER'S PARTNER. In order for the police to prosecute his brother for assault, he asked his brother until he learned that on January 15, he had gambled on chicken. There was a bargain, but the brother lost. He had to pay the police, but he didn't have enough money to ride back out and take the money back to the house, but was locked up by the police, and his brother, Nana, grabbed a bottle of alcohol and hit him on the head. He was attacked by a group of more than 10 plainclothes policemen, and a good citizen came to the police to ask for his brother's life and begged him to stop the assault because he believed his brother was dead. The good citizen then turned over his brother's body to the ground. He was found alive, so he hurried out of the chicken pit and hid elsewhere, then a good citizen called his brother's wife to pick him up and send him to the hospital. It happened in front of the owners of the chicken pond and many villagers. He denied seeing the incident, only saw when his brother hit the policeman's head with a bottle, but did not see when the police stomped on his brother. Other villagers refused to know, not seeing, either because they didn't want to mess around, or because they were afraid of the police. His brother is hospitalized in Hospital 3. After 4 days, the doctor left the hospital to take medicine at home, but while returning to take medicine at home, until January 21. Nonsila police summoned his brother to testify. The case hit the policeman's head, but while traveling, his brother relapsed. His chest tightened, he couldn't breathe, so his wife took him to Nonsila Hospital. The doctor found that the symptoms were severe. Abdominal bleeding and abdominal infection So I passed it on to Khon Kaen Hospital." Mrs. Supisara said mr. Den's sister said that the family is now worried because the parties are police officers and they are afraid of not getting justice. Only good citizens come to the aid of their brother, probably because everyone doesn't want to mess around. I don't want to have an affair with the police, and I want the police and the people who stomp on my brother to take responsibility. Gambling is not the right thing to do. It is not allowed, but the police still go in to play, to see people gambling, still let there be a bargain, which means neglecting their duties, and still come to have an affair with the villagers, because in case of seeing villagers gambling, the police must make an arrest. The police had to arrest him for prosecution, not such an assault, so he asked for justice with the police commander as well, which as far as he heard from his brother, he knew that he remembered everyone's face, but only one person remembered his name, Lt. Col. Mao. Police investigating Ban Phai police officer Ruby Sukto, 43, Mr. Den's wife, said she is currently monitoring her husband's condition at Khon Kaen Hospital due to bleeding in the abdomen and internal infections. The doctor admitted him to the hospital in connection with the incident in the Kruman chicken pit. Because my husband went to gamble on the in the pit and then bargained. The money was not enough to pay, so he called and told him to bring the money to the chicken pit, so he asked his daughter to take the money to her father at the chicken pit Kruman"We followed later, but when we got to the chicken pit, we did not find the husband. After questioning the husband, he learned that there was an affair with the plainclothes policeman of Ban Phai Police Station until he hit the head of the policeman. Upon learning the details from her husband, she informed the police of Nonsila police station for the police to investigate. Prosecute the police and all those who assaulted their husbands. After leaving the hospital, her husband's condition had not recovered and he was afraid that he would not receive justice, so he asked his daughter to record an audio clip as evidence. If you lose your life The dead can't speak. So my husband recorded the audio clip as evidence." WHILE POL. COL. SOMMAT MANGTHAISONG, DIRECTOR OF NONSILA POLICE STATION, SAID THAT THE ACCIDENT SITE WAS NOT A CHICKEN POND. No permits were granted to open the chicken pit, but the spot was a sugarcane plantation owned by a male teacher who taught books in Ban Han subdistrict. Nonsila district, Khon Kaen province, this teacher likes to raise chickens, likes cockfighting, and has a cockfighting training ground, believes that Sunday, which is a holiday, there should be chicken training among people who like cockfighting. And if any kind of gambling is found, arrest and prosecution according to the law, and in the event that it happens, both parties are informed, and the investigation is said to be based on evidence. The wrong person must be prosecuted according to the law. Bullying people is no exception.
72-year-old grandfather killed in burglary One shot died.|Thieves find a place to die. The 72-year-old grandfather's house was stolen this month and has been hit five times, but this time it was fateful. Walk in so loudly that the landlord wakes up. Before running out to call the police to investigate, Director Chimplee revealed the history of the deceased with several cases of drug trafficking and burglary in the area at 3.00 p.m. on January 22, 2023. House No. 304/1 Moo 18 Don Chimphli Therefore, he reported to Lt. Col. Chinwut Tangwonglert, director of the Chimplee Police Department, before coordinating. Paramedics at Bang Nam Sour Hospital and chachoengsao rescue workers inspected the scene of the accident, a large one-story wooden house. Mr. Kobsak Nuansiri, 30, was shot in the neck with a 9mm machine gun and lying on his back bleeding. Mr. Anusak Kittilapanaratnarat, 72, the owner of the house who shot him, called the police and stood and waited to surrender. Carefully examine the crime scene and detain Mr. Anusak. THE PERPETRATORS WENT TO INVESTIGATE FURTHER TO PROSECUTE THE SPONSORED CASE. Mr. Anusak He revealed that he lived in this house alone and had been stealing things inside the house for almost a year, and this month, from January 12 until today, the thieves have come to steal this item for the 5th time, losing more than 500,000 baht in property. It can be said that the two vehicles were not fully loaded, including dynamo cars, spare parts and other belongings. The thief should have been complacent, as he would not be at home during this time, but today, lying in bed, heard a loud noise like someone walking in the house. When he got up to look, he saw that a black shadow was approaching him at close range. He then picked up a gun that was on his head and fired one shot, not knowing where he was going, before rushing out and calling the officers to investigate. Initially, the police handed over the body to the rescuers and took it to Bang Nam Sour Hospital for a thorough autopsy. As for the history of the deceased, from the revelation of Pol. Col. Chinwut Tangwonglert, director of the Chimplee Police Department, it is known that the deceased has only recently come out of prison. Have a history of drug trafficking There have been many cases of burglary in the area, however, mr. Anusak, the perpetrator, must be thoroughly investigated again in order to prosecute the law.
Sad Mom My son, 16, was stabbed and seriously injured. Squinting eyes - expecting the other person to think that they are looking at their face (clip)|16-year-old stabbed with 7 wounds in Surat city Seriously injured until Lt. Rud helped to transport him to the hospital. Eyewitnesses captured the footage. The mother was stabbed because the other party thought the child was looking at her face—but the truth wasn't because of the strabismus, it could be misleading. Police quickly arrested the knifeman at 7:45 p.m. on Jan. 22, 2023. Surat Thani City Police Department receives report of stabbing In front of soi Pho Khun Talay 13/1 Moo 4 The injured person went to check with the investigating police officers and the charity rescue team at the scene of the accident, found 1 injured person, known as Mr. Kantapat Hiransarami, 16 years old, with stab wounds on 2 arms, chest and back, a total of 7 wounds, lying on the footpath. Mr. Dit, a noodle merchant Villagers who witnessed the incident said they saw the two teenagers running across the street. Leaving the motorcycle on the opposite side, at first thought it was just punching each other, with the injured side not responding once. The perpetrator then crossed the road to retrieve the motorcycle and drove away. As for the cause, he did not know, because before the incident he did not know how the couple got into a fight. The reporter went to Surat Thani Hospital to meet the mother and friends of the injured who were waiting in front of the emergency room. He was standing there looking at the traces on the injured man's jacket. The mother of the injured said her son was a good-natured child with many friends. The reason for the stabbing was heard from locals who lived near the scene. Presumably it was from the perpetrator who thought his son was looking at his face. But his son is usually a squint, so many people think his son is looking at his face, and if it really comes from this, he thinks it's beyond reason. I feel very bad right now and I want the police to catch the perpetrators and prosecute them as soon as possible. At the time of the incident, there was a villager nearby. Some footage of the incident can be captured. Initially, the police will expedite the investigation in order to speed up the pursuit of this perpetrator for further prosecution.
Brutal young man Kicking a girl with a broken jaw hurts heavily. The post is a dear wife.|A tough young man angry instead of his wife 26-year-old girl in the middle of a rice ring "Broken teeth and broken jaw" The most enduring incident was posted on Facebook on January 22, 2023. Deputy Inspector General of Police Bang Sao Thong received a report of a woman being physically assaulted in the parking lot of a company. Theparak Road Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict, Bang Sao Thong District Samut Prakan province was seriously injured, so he went to check with police officers on patrol. Rescuers, Bang Bo Hospital and Volunteers of The Patek Tueng Foundation at the scene of the accident found the injured. Miss PLOYPAILIN LATPAN A 26-year-old samutprakarn resident sitting on a mat next to a rice ring. The condition is bleeding out of the ears and mouth. Full mess of clothes worn, jaws and broken teeth. Seriousness, but still enough to testify. The rescuers performed first aid and were rushed to Chularat 5 Hospital for treatment. Miss Ploypailin, who was injured, said that while eating with her friends, Mr. Panchai Luelok suddenly died. The truck driver, who knew each other, walked into the rice circle without saying a word. The first kick to his face bleeds his ears, then the second time repeatedly until his jaw and teeth were immediately broken. The cause is thought to be that he and his wife had posted insults on Facebook because the attacker's wife had borrowed her husband's car. When it is returned, there are wrinkles and damage back. He then inquired about his responsibility to his wife, which led to a feud that ensued, and then there was an argument on Facebook. Today's section Mr. Panchai then came to physically assault him without warning, causing the injury. Mr. Panchai (the perpetrator) said that his wife had asked to borrow her husband's car. Miss Ploypailin (the injured) goes into action. When returning Instead, the parties said that there were wrinkles scratched. He was not sure if it was the original damage or the new one, but the parties had once taken the car to claim for repair insurance. But why not fix it at the same time, but act like a prankster? Keep it to his wife. The injured have also been posting insults to their wives. It's like not ending the story. I don't know what I want. Although he and his wife were ready to pay for the damages they had caused, which they accepted to do because they were truly unbearable. Miss KAMOLWAN KHAMHOM The wife of the attacker said that he had borrowed the car of the injured husband to use. As for the wrinkles that are seen, He wasn't sure if it happened before or after he used the car, but he was ready to pay for the repairs and talked to Mr. Amnuay. The husband of the injured person until he understood each other, but did not know whether Mr. Amnuay had gone to tell his wife to understand. In the past, the injured started first. There has always been a scolding post. He admitted that he was guilty of posting insults back and forth as well, even causing his husband to see the insulting messages back and forth until he couldn't stand it, so he took action to commit this crime, which he regretted very much. At the time of the incident, he was sitting in the car. Her husband walked alone unarmed. Mr. B (pseudonym), an eyewitness, said that while the group was sitting down to eat, he was eating. No one was able to catch up, as Mr. Panchai, the perpetrator, walked in quietly. Upon arrival, he immediately took action. If you walk in and there is a loud noise first, it is still enough to set yourself up to stop each other, but the perpetrator comes in quietly like this, so it is really forbidden to catch up, which all of them know well because they work in the same company initially. Mr. Panchai, the perpetrator of the crime, went to investigate further at Bang Sao Thong Police Station thoroughly again and waited for a diagnosis of the injured person's condition from the doctor to be attributed to the case in order to proceed with the legal process.
Lt. Col. Poe After finding a slap in the cockpit, the director leans on if it is wrong, do not ignore it.|Khon Kaen police dance Order a quick test In the case of a young contractor who was beaten to death by the police in a cockpit. Recently, Lt. Col. After finding out that he attacked a, he went to testify, there were 2 police officers and 2 police officers. Yes, it's a cockpit or not, and it's mandatory if there's a bureaucrat. Disciplinary action was taken from the case of Mrs. Supisara Barisri, 53 years old, wife of Tambon Pa Po and sister of Mr. Den or Mr. Woraphob Sukto, 41 years old, living at house no. 89 Moo 6. Ban Nong Chee Saw Banhan Subdistrict, Nonsila District Nonsila, Khon Kaen The complaint seeks justice for his brother, who was physically assaulted, claiming that it happened inside the chicken pit of a teacher. At 230 Moo 5, Ban Wang Yao Ban Han Subdistrict, Nonsila District, Khon Kaen Province, and was physically assaulted by a police officer. The case progressed. At 11.00 a.m. on January 23, 2023, the reporter went to the area to meet with Pol. Col. Sommat Mangthaisong, Director of Nonsila Police Department, to follow up on the case. Capt. Sirichai Niskhan Ban Phai police officers also informed nonsila police that while watching the cockfighting training at the spot where Mr. Woraphob was hit in the head with a beer bottle and broke his head, he was injured with 17 stitches. Ban Phai police and the man who attacked her husband While watching the cockfight at 230 Moo 5, Ban Wang Yao. Because her husband was seriously injured, he had to be hospitalized in Khon Kaen HospitalSPONSORED, then the investigating officer, Nonsila Police Station, called the parties for interrogation on January 21, but Mr. Den had a relapse, bleeding in the abdomen. Wives and relatives Therefore, he was taken to the hospital and is currently hospitalized at Khon Kaen Hospital. The police have not been committed to providing fairness to all parties and speaking to the villagers and ensuring fairness in the incident." Confirm that there are no gambling facilities of any kind in the area. In the event that this happens, it may be a gambling scam, which will be followed by the next steps. If a police officer is found to have committed an offence, he or she must be prosecuted according to the law without omission, including disciplinary action. It is now known that the police involved in the case are a police officer with the rank of Lt. Col. Deputy Director of Investigation. A police officer and 2 police officers of the rank of Lt. Col. 2 officers of the rank of Lt. Col. all of whom have been summoned by the investigating officer to interrogate all of them. There are still injured people who are hospitalized. Therefore, we would like to confirm that the police will provide fairness to all parties, based on the evidence," said Police Chief Chanchai Sarsrivichai. Deputy Governor of Khon Kaen He said that after learning of the matter, an order was sent to the bailiff. This afternoon, Acting Sheriff Nonsila along with his team, including nonsila police officers, will go to the area to inspect the place identified as chicken gambling to check the next steps. It is an important policy of the province and the government to crack down on all kinds of crime and gambling, and if any government officials are found to be involved, disciplinary action will be taken without omission.
Cyber Square 30 million e-cigarettes seized to break up Thai-Malay network|Cyber Police Launched operation to break up major Thai-Malaysian e-cigarette network, seizing more than 30 million baht He arrested 3 suspects using a warehouse in Saraburi province to distribute goods at 13.00 on January 23, 2023 at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (BOC). Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruaithanachote, Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon The 2nd Directorate of Police jointly announced the launch of the operation "Breaking up the major Thai-Malaysian e-cigarette network by arresting 3 suspects with 138,254 pieces of e-cigarettes and e-liquids worth more than 30 million baht," Pol. Lt. Gen. Worawat said. 2 years ago Police officers from the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command have launched an operation to break up the e-cigarette network. By arresting the accused along with the central items. A total of approximately 327,400 units of e-cigarette refills and vaping liquids with a market value of more than 60 million baht. Later, the search was conducted at Seoul Hub, a 2-storey commercial building at 49/5 Bangkruai-Sai Noi Road. BangrakPattana And WARP CAF? Bangraknoi Before arresting Mr. Seri Lumnok, 29 years old, or Bank, a network that accepts e-cigarettes and liquids for resale, and seizes items such as e-cigarettes, e-cigarette refills and e-cigarette devices, totaling approximately 2,654 pieces worth 200,000 baht. Mr. Banks admitted that all the items belonged to Mr. Pat, who rented a warehouse. Therefore, the search warrant was approved by the Saraburi Provincial Court to conduct a search before applying for search warrant No. 13/2566 dated 22 January 2023 to search warehouse 2, No. 49/2 Moo 2, T. Daorueng, A. Muang Saraburi. The investigation found approximately 364 cartons of e-cigarettes and vaping liquids worth 30 million baht. Before arrest Mr. Pana Judj or Pat, 28, and Mr. Veeradej Cholrattanakul or Gap, 35, who are the owners and caregivers. By using warehouses in Saraburi province as storage locations to wait for distribution to retail customers, especially in Nonthaburi province, it is considered an important retail customer group. However, the cyber police will continue to expand their arrests on other networks. Accordingly, the authorities charged him with "conspiring to conceal, assist in the sale, helping to take away, buying, pledging or receiving in any way the goods which he knows to be uncleared by customs, or moving the goods away from vehicles, parole warehouses, stable cargo holds, ports, permits, or free zones without the permission of the customs officer", which is an offence under the Customs Act B.E. 2560".
"Chuvit" storms the court, sticks to interrogate "Cabinet Hao", Chong withdraws bail. Lieutenant Colonel|"Chuvit" stormed the Southern Criminal Court for a hearing on the case. Preparing to file Withdraw insurance Lieutenant Colonel Witness intimidation reveals Big Den Witness escorts have been ordered. The car led the procession, causing foreigners to laugh, Thailand had money to buy everything on Jan. 23, 2023, at the South Bangkok Criminal Court, Charoenkrung Road. The court scheduled to examine the testimony of Case No. 87/2023 filed by the prosecutor of the Narcotics Bureau 4 against Mr. Huang Hai Fold as the 1st defendant, Mr. Chainat or Tu Hao Kornchayanon, as the 2nd defendant, together with 23 Chinese, Thai, Cambodian nationals and juristic persons (5 companies) as defendants before the South Bangkok Criminal Court for offenses under the Narcotics Code, the Prevention and Suppression of Participation in Transnational Criminal Organizations Act B.E. 2556, the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542, the Immigration Act B.E. 2522, the Management Act. Aliens Act 2017 Service Establishment Act B.E. 2509 Firearms and Ammunition Act B.E. 2490 Criminal Code Sections 32, 33, 83, 91, 209 Total 9 charges consisting of conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit serious offenses relating to class 1 narcotics class 2 and category 4 drugs by acting as an act of criminal organization, jointly selling with the purpose of selling drugs punishable in category 1 without permission as an act of trade causing the spread of drugs in category 1 without permission causing the spread of drugs in the public and by possessing firearms causing the spread of drugs in the public sector and by possessing firearms causing an impact on the security of the state or the safety of the public, jointly selling with the purpose of selling class 2 and category 4 drugs without permission to trade causing the spread among the public and possessing firearms causing an impact on the security of the state or public safety, conspiracy by agreement of two or more persons to commit the offense of money laundering and joint laundering of money as a prosecutor. Participate in transnational criminal organizations by being members or operating networks of transnational criminal organizations, conspiring with two or more persons to commit serious crimes related to transnational criminal organizations. Jointly possessing firearms and ammunition without permission, jointly setting up facilities without a license, jointly accepting aliens working by aliens without work permits in violation of the law, jointly sheltering, concealing, or assisting in any way to free illegal aliens from arrestSPONSORED Today, according to the procedure, the court must be adjourned. Mr. Du Hao and the defendants who were detained in the prison were interrogated in court, as well as the defendants who were granted bail. Kornjayanan, former Director of The Mr. Du Hao's wife The 8th defendant, if he does not come, will consider revoking the bail and issuing an arrest warrant by today. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit came to the South Bangkok Criminal Court to follow up on the examination of his testimony and revealed that 5 years ago at the South Bangkok Criminal Court, he had served his sentence when he was convicted of a crime in prison according to the judicial process. Today, he will follow up as a citizen, who has already said that he will follow, and the court will look at the evidence, look at the testimony, ask the defendant whether to give a denial or confession, and he understands that Mr. Tu Hao and his men would refuse. Because of the heavy penalties on all 9 charges. Today's battle would be to see if there is any other evidence. How many witnesses does the defendant have, how many days are scheduled for witnesses? The important thing I want to say is that they will follow up on witness intimidation. There is evidence that he reported to Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, yesterday that he had ordered the team to go. Examine witness testimony on how witnesses were threatened. It is written that giving money is not to testify, which is what he called an underground word. How many times have Mr. Du Hao used underground methods to stuff money into witnesses? There is no need for witnesses to escape. How many times have the people been defeated? When he was willing to serve justice, he was sentenced to 2 years in prison despite his own whereabouts. When they come out, they have to see if others who have done wrong will receive the same punishment as themselves. If they don't, it's not fair to them, but their case is a small one, and this case is a big one. Drug sales are a transnational criminal organization. Today, prosecutors will file additional charges against one of the defendants who was initially indicted on money laundering charges. Participate in transnational crimes and will propose to investigators to withdraw their bail. The woman, who is a co-defendant and has only been granted bail, has been charged with transnational criminal organizations and intimidating witnesses, which can be asked by the court to revoke bail. They are influential and try to destroy evidence through underground means, but they are convinced that the justice system will be able to punish these movements. Today, he will sit down as a citizen and report to the society when asked if he is named as a witness in the case. Mr. Chuvit said he had because he had filed himself as a witness because he was following the case. Witnesses point out clues, and important witnesses come from them. Today, I still don't know when I'll be scheduled because it's my first appointment. The defendant in this case may plead guilty because he is facing a crime. If the allergy lasts for a long time, the confession will be moderately attached when asked about intimidating a witness. Mr. Chuvit said the matter was settled. Yesterday he told me about the intimidation of witnesses. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak, the police chief, immediately asked the team to fly to interrogate the two witnesses. He had already told them to fight for justice, but if they fought underground, they knew everything they had to do. He could only say that this witness was the most important witness. As far as I know, there was a group of 4 suspects sitting in front of the witness stand in front of the house. Now that the witness is in the custody of the Police Commissioner, he can't tell a lot, let the reporter ask. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak is better. He could tell that the accused, who is an influential group, would use every means to destroy the weight of witnesses during the battle of the court of first instance, which is an important court. The destruction of evidence is an underground method, as in the past he has unfolded, believing that there will definitely be influence in the case, but he is very tired of it. If he remains confident in the judicial process, he will follow him to the Court of Appeal. THE SUPREME COURT UNTIL THE END OF THE CASESPONSORED THE CHINESE STORY THAT THE POLICE GAVE WAY OR LED THE PROCESSION. Mr. Chuvit said that this has been the case for a long time, that these Chinese people see Thailand spending money on everything, but this case has been filmed on social media. Entering and exiting the country without showing a face at the counter There are several processes. In the old days, the bag still didn't have to be inspected, and the immigration department paid him to take it out. No need to check anything. Later, they used the car to lead the procession to look grand as a VIP, but not about the gray Chinese capital movement. There is no strong law, our government officials are themselves. Make people laugh. As Mr. Du Hao once said, there is money to do everything. We don't let foreigners use this phrase on our country. To have money, it can't be done. BETTER LEGAL TREATMENT THAN SPONSORED
Dr. Job led the procession. China adds 1 more "Chief Of Staff" Ordered to set up 4 sq.m.|"The Spokesperson" Revealing gangs The police officer led the procession with an additional "police sword", preparing to invite a Thai and Chinese man to testify against the "police chief". Order "Chief of Staff" Set up a fact-checking committee. By criminal teeth, the police modified the private car. Traffic Act-Official Marking Act on January 23, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Spokesperson for the Royal Thai Police Speaking about the progress of the case of Thai police driving a procession of Chinese tourists, he said that after examining the footage that appeared in the last few days, the tourist police found an additional police sword. Therefore, he was contacted by a Thai national who contacted this tourist police officer. That day, the police officer was busy, so he called. Lieutenant Colonel Sompol Piño Club The deputy inspector of division 3 (in charge of Suvarnabhumi Airport) under the Tourist Police Division 1 is in charge of taking care of the tourists themselves. The Metropolitan Police Command is preparing to file charges against the Road Traffic Act and the Official Markings Act for the use of sirens and official markings on vehicles. THE POLICE DEPARTMENT IS PREPARING A PRELIMINARY SUMMARY TO SET UP A DISCIPLINARY AND CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE. He said that thai men must be invited to testify in order to provide complete information. Initially, from the interrogation, it was revealed that they had known each other at an event in November and were introduced to the train driver, so the numbers were exchanged. When there was a job, they were contacted. As for the issue of knowing the Chinese, they must be invited to give a speech or to inquire about what the story is like. In the case of the money shown in the clip, 200 baht is reported to be toll road money, but the money is 7,000 baht. Pol. Maj. Gen. Achan said that the sub translated into Thai in the tourist section itself. The judges had the idea that they would have to invite the same speech, which tourists are still in Thailand. There was an opportunity to invite him to give a speech, but on all issues, Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, gave the order from the first day he saw the footage to the police. Examine all dimensions of the issue, including how many calls have been made, how many times it has been done and how it was done in the form of a company or coordinated with outsiders, which must be clearly proven. He continued: "Police officers are actually under the command of the police. This will look at traffic. radio car led motorcycle The POLICE are known to operate at the airport, both of which operate in their own areas, according to news reports, which identified as the policeman driving the minister. He said the issue would have to be examined in all dimensions. Please note that in the matter of the police, it is necessary to determine what duties the supervisor is going to perform. On that day, do you go to work part-time, or do you not attend a break? The spokesperson said that from the initial testimony, he testified that he knew a man at an event in November and exchanged phone numbers, which the man did about the rental car. According to the inspection, both cars and motorcycles are private. Equipped with sirens and official markings. As for the issue of wrongful performance of duties, all facts must be considered. Don't leave the point. If you are disciplined or if you are also criminal, you will have to take action in the case of the news that there is a price hike because it is a popular matter in Thailand. He said he thought everything would be no secret now. Therefore, it must be said that this kind of action is not possible. The issue of facilitating non-qualifying tourist groups is not possible. There is a consensus. In September 2001, it was adopted by the Council of Ministers. It consists of 2 issues: a normally led lead car and an occasional lead car, which must be requested from the traffic police commander. If it is an area outside the Bangkok area, the highway police commander must be asked. The Commissioner has the authority to consider on a case-by-case basis, and all of them cannot be given to private tourists. Individuals, except government guests or groups that are grouped into a lump sum of travel. Government or in the matter of excursions of schoolchildren or tour groups that will benefit or have the effect of making Thailand benefit tourism will be considered on a case-by-case basis from the coordination of government agencies such as the Ministry of Tourism or various ministries that request and reason. Because you have to look at the personnel and whether the vehicles can support or not, everything will be for the main reason for the safety of the convoy. And for the safety of drivers on the road as a priority, a spokesman said: And the B.C.T. A fact-checking committee has also been set up on the part of the commanding officer who supervises the four officers, who will have one more order to determine whether there is negligence or acknowledge the conduct of the officers on the part of their subordinates. Admittedly, observing the lead car, I understood that it could be difficult. The Commander-in-Chief has directed commanders at all levels, from the commander to the commander. Commanders The superintendent has strictly monitored the conduct of subordinates in this practice. If the public finds information or has any doubts, they have submitted useful information to the Royal Thai Police, willing to investigate. If any wrongdoing is found or what action is taken, it will be fully done, no omission to ask about the case in the social world, there is talk of Chinese applications. Various services are available. Visa Maker Will IVF be extended? Pol. Maj. Gen. Achan said that there must be an investigation into what information is available because, as seen in the app, there are many agencies that have to be involved, not only the Royal Thai Police, but also the public relations that if they find out that this is the case, they will not ignore it and will take action against all of them. As for the issue of the T.M. It has been checked to all departments of the authorities and interrogated completely. At the moment, the Immigration Bureau in this case has not found any connection or connection. Division 3 Tourism Division 1
Police said they seized 1,145 kilograms of methamphetamine.|Police said they arrested 3 drug traffickers with a total of 1,145 kilograms of ice. The property was seized at 10:00 a.m. on January 24, 2023, at the Narcotics Suppression Police Headquarters .... Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road, Pol. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, Deputy Chief of Staff, and Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai Chief Of Staff Press release on the arrest of 3 suspects of drug trafficking network In the first case, police officers of THE 4th Army together with the BOK arrested 3 suspects, namely Mr. Akom, 27 years old, arrested at PT gas station Tha Khae branch. Phetkasem Road, Tha Khae Subdistrict, Mueang District, Phatthalung Province Ms. Mam, 32, and Ms. Chayada, 35, were arrested at the edge of Route 41 between Km. 128 and Km. 129, Pawe Subdistrict, Chaiya District, Surat Thani Province, after learning that drugs were being smuggled from the central region to drug traffickers in neighboring countries in the south. Three pickup trucks were found to be fully loaded with agricultural crops. Follow each other by cargo truck stopping at PT pump Tha Khae branch. Upon discovery, Mr. Akom was the driver, confessing to having all the drugs hidden. The other 2 cars were arrested at the roadside of Route 41, Pawe Subdistrict, Chaiya District, Surat Thani Province, and seized 688 kilograms of ice pills and seized 3 mobile phones. Bring drugs from the Northeast. FORWARDED TO THE DESTINATION COUNTRY 3SPONSORED. 4 police officers and 7 police officers Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters Four more suspects, Ms. Worawan or Rose, were arrested in front of Big C Mini Mart. Petchkasem Road, Om Noi Subdistrict, Krathum Baen District, Samut Sakhon Province, 3.8 grams of methamphetamine, 100 methamphetamine pills, Mr. Natthapong or Nat, arrested at Soi Chamniersuk 3, Petchkasem Road. Wang Tha Phra Subdistrict, Bangkok Yai District, with 64 grams of ice, arrested Mr. Nattawut or Pok and Mr. Nus or Moss at Charan Villa 3, Soi Bang Waek 37, Bang Waek Subdistrict, Phasi Charoen District, received 43.285 kilograms of methamphetamine powder and 660 grams of methamphetamine powder as a drug trafficking network through the Line 2 application on January 19, 2023. Acting as a liaison for the supply of drug traffickers. In coordination with neighboring drug networks, the police smuggled large quantities of methamphetamine from the northern region into Bangkok and vicinity to deliver them to customers under the orders of employers in Satun province and out to the 3rd country. Ban Du branch, Muang district, Chiang Rai province, with 10 sacks of ice medicine weighing about 300 kilograms in a green tea package. It is placed in the rear cabin of the driver of a Mazda BT-50 pickup truck. Black, therefore, arrested and confiscated all the central items, sent the investigators to prosecute the law and case 3, the police officers, the 3rd Army, together with the military intelligence agencies, arrested them. Mrs. Pakorn, 43, was arrested at the Phayuha Khiri checkpoint in Nakhon Sawan province and Mr. Kanokthach, 35, was arrested in the parking lot of Talad Thai. After discovering that the drug would be transported from the Upper North to the Lower Central Region. The vehicle was found to be a toyota wish in bronze and gold running through Highway No. 11, Den Chai District, Phrae Province. Therefore, the police organized a follow-up force until entering Highway No. 117 through Phichit province, heading towards Nakhon Sawan province. Intercept it. Before arrest Mrs. Pakorn received 84 kilograms of ice, and Mrs. Pakorn admitted that she was hired by a person using the LINE application "Fah After Rain" to drive a car hiding drugs from Chiang Rai into Bangkok. Before extending the arrest results Mr. Kanokthach by Mr. Kanokthach confessed that he was hired to drive a car parked in the Thai Market area. The officers found an additional 30 kilograms of ice, totaling 114 kilograms, from the three operations, and the officers seized a total of 1,145 kilograms of ice. policeman The NCPO will expand its monitoring and issue arrest warrants for fugitive individuals. This includes the implementation of the Drug Code B.E. 2564, which is an important tool for seizing and seizing all the assets of the drug network.
The director confirmed the case of the senior. M.2 filmed prachan did not ask dr. to resign.|The school's director at Sam ngam Phichit confirmed that the school does not have a policy for children to move to school. The case of the mother of the class girl M2 Take the child to the Pavena Foundation. 3rd graders, including 5 people, helped to catch the video on social media and the school asked to transfer the child to another school. There is no delay, but juvenile cases require a multidisciplinary team to participate in the investigation. M2 A high school in Sam Ngam District, Phichit Province, was a senior. M.3 We helped each other catch and rape, filmed on social media. The child's mother even fainted. Later, the parents brought the victims to the Pavena Foundation for help, stating that after the incident, the teacher called the parents of the 5 male students who caused the incident to negotiate with the girl's mother. After that, the school informed the mother to take the child to another school, which the mother thought was unfair despite the fact that her daughter had been subjected to such embarrassment. 5 people who committed the crime The school also dropped out to study elsewhere. Now that my daughter is very stressed, she will be kept alone, she does not dare to go out because of embarrassment, the mother is afraid that she will think short and does not know who to rely on, so she asked The Pavena Foundation to help with justice, need a new place to study, and follow up the case so that the perpetrators can get the latest punishment. On January 24, 2023, Mr. Peerapong Pillowthong, director of the school where the accident occurred. He said the school does not have a policy to remove children from school and also needs to be treated specially by providing special care for teachers. If the mind is better, then come to class. The school will take care of it. Not ready? The school will also arrange for teachers to go home, as well as materials and guidance teachers to take care of their mental state. I WOULD LIKE TO REITERATE THAT THE SCHOOL WELCOMES CHILDREN TO RETURN TO NORMAL SCHOOL. Lt. Col. Sumet Ngernbumrung, Director, Nong Son Police Department, Phichit Province Disclose the progress of the case of parents bringing class students. The 2nd grader who was attacked by a male student said: The parents brought the victims to the police on Jan. 16 to prosecute the accused. The investigators conducted a procedural investigation and at 1.30 p.m. on Jan. 23, the five juvenile offenders surrendered to the investigating officer. Police have charged him with rape of a child under the age of 15, who is not his wife, with or without his consent. A multidisciplinary team consisting of psychologists is required. The police have informed the relatives of the victims of the progress of the case. I don't have any peace of mind.
The court scheduled a hearing for the defendant in the Huo case. Day 2 Special Operations Unit Crowd Escort|The special operations team is fully armed and in charge of security in the South Bangkok Criminal Court. Day 2At 2:00 p.m. on January 24, 2023 at the South Bangkok Criminal Court, Charoenkrung Road. Reporters report on the atmosphere of the court to examine the defendant's testimony in the Chai nat case. Kornchayanan or Tu Hao The accused in case no. 87/2023 The second day after yesterday (Jan. 23) the operation was not completed since the morning, according to a special operations officer from the Department of Corrections. Nearly 40 police officers and 26 fully armed Arintaraj 26 special operations officers were on standby to maintain security at the South Bangkok Criminal Court to prevent chaos and potential mischief. Today's hearing in Room 403, as it was yesterday, is expected to be completed no later than 3 p.m. the same day. Prior to the detention, the accused returned to prison. The situation remains normal and the media is not allowed to record footage inside the courthouse.
Can't stay, Teacher Mag, the accused is a child. Phatthalung University|Surrendered, Teacher Mack, accused under Phatthalung court arrest warrant, was accused by a middle school male student. "Amnok Khao - Reed Drink" visited the police with a lawyer, denying all the allegations, while the POLICE is preparing to apply to the court for approval of 6 arrest warrants on January 24, 2023. Grades 1-3 Nikhom Khuan Khanun Wittaya School Pa Payom District, Phatthalung Province Request for help from the press After being approached by a local lecturer of such a school. Nearly 20 cases of semen ingestion were reported, but seven were reported by parents. The Phatthalung Provincial Court has approved an arrest warrant for Mr. Paradorn Boonyodom or Kru Max, 32 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Phatthalung Provincial Court No. 102/2566 dated January 16, 2023, for the offense of "indecent acts against a child under 15 years of age with or without consent, taking a child under 15 years old for obscenity, taking a child under 15 years old from his parents, guardians or caregivers for obscenity." While the accused was escaping police custody, according to the latest news release. At 9.00 a.m. on January 24, 2023, the accused along with his lawyer arrived. Papayom surrendered to Maj. Gen. Tanit Ramdit. Lieutenant Colonel Phatthalung, Lt. Col. Pasakorn Phakdeevanich, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, and Lt. Col. Thanasit Jongwang, Deputy Chief of Staff, Papayom Police Department. The accused denied all the allegations and handed them over to him. Capt. Manit Chanakarn The Deputy Senator (Investigation), who is the owner of the interrogation case, also opposed bail in the hotel and the court of Pol. Col. Thanasit. Pa Payom Police Chief Jong Wang said the case has been reported by seven students by investigators, interdisciplinary and prosecutors. All seven students have already been interrogated at the Phatthalung Provincial Prosecutor's Office, and today the investigators will expedite the collection of documents. evidence TO APPLY FOR THE APPROVAL OF 6 ARREST WARRANTS FOR THIS ACCUSED TO THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF PHATTHALUNG.
Tighten the knots of the lead car. Big Zhao, teeth are not fed. Rabjob police officer points to damage image|"Big Zhao-No.1" pointed to "S.T.A." Driving a young Chinese tourist Because there are allowances- salaries- other better ways to take offense to both discipline and criminality. If there is another supervisor who must be punished for damaging the image of the organization at 10.00 a.m. on January 24, 2023. Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng Lieutenant-General Suwitcha Jindakham Chief Of Staff Call a meeting of government officials under the Army. It took about 2 hours to complete, Lt. Gen. Thiti said, adding that Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, had already ordered the police to set up an investigation committee. Today, we follow up on internal management to see what caused the problem. As for the testimony of the two officers, it is the duty of the Grand Police Commissioner to take action. As for the issue of subordinates bringing their own cars to earn extra income. He instructed his superiors to check if there were any defects. As for the agents who hired the police to do extra work, there is already a working group to monitor the matter. If abnormalities are found, the authorities can be notified. All of them already have regulations and procedures. Anyone who commits an offence in this section must comply with the law. Only one place. There are also tourist police or local police, but if they break the regulations, they must be followed according to the procedures of the law. Defective officers must take decisive action because they tarnish the image of the sponsored organization, he said. All legal proceedings, both disciplinary and criminal. If you see it as a way to feed your stomach. Personally, I think there are allowances, there are salaries, and there are other good ways to do better. This method is not appropriate. After this, if there is another wrongdoing, the supervisor must be punished. In this case, it has already been ordered to check the supervisor who is responsible for some aspects. Maj. Gen. Suwitcha said that in respect of the offense, It is currently under investigation by the Police Commission. The investigation must be consolidated by several parties, including the Police Department, the Police Department, and the Tourist Police, and consider that if there is a disciplinary and criminal offense, it must be punished according to the law. In the case of the lead car, all sectors that have the lead car have been instructed that such actions are wrong, Pol. Maj. Gen. Suwitcha said. In the case of a police officer who drove a car leading the procession that reportedly was sent back to The Royal Initiative Traffic Project but did not come to perform his duties, is it considered a lack of service or not? In this respect, a meeting was held and the supervisors were directed to investigate the facts. And cases in which third parties are allegedly involved in hiring officers. An invitation must be made for interrogation in order for the facts to appear. He stressed to subordinates in all sectors. Do not commit legal, disciplinary or criminal offenses, if any, and punishment will be strictly prohibited.
The owner of a garage in Kon city smashed the head of a young man who was unconscious. Help my sister get a knife to her teeth.|Pak Phanang police prosecute a young garage owner. After the attack, he hit the head of a young man who was unconscious and died in a ditch on the roadside of Ban Khlong Krabue. The deceased ran to help before grabbing the iron pipe and beating the deceased party, the reporter reported on January 24, 2023 that yesterday evening (6:05 p.m. on January 23, 2023), Lt. Col. Sucheep Nuansri, senator (investigation) Pak Phanang police station in Nakhon Si Thammarat province was informed that someone had been attacked and killed. The incident occurred in a roadside ditch in the village. Ban Khlong Krabue Moo 8, T. Klongkrabue Therefore, he reported it to his superiors. Lt. Col. Sisha Poonwong, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Sunan Naknikam, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Sujin Rattanapan, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Ampol Chumuang, S.W.P. Paramedics at Pak Phanang Hospital rushed to the scene and found the body. Mr. Bancha Kongjay, 49 years old, villager, Moo 8, Klong Krabue He died lying on his right side in a ditch on the side of the road near an unnamed garage. The deceased was in a state of black shorts. Just one shirt. There are bulging wounds and bruises on the right nape of the neck. Right ear reed Near the body, a machete was found, which authorities collected as evidence in the case. At the scene, Mr. Anon Kongruang, 56 years old, lived in a house in Moo 8, Klong Krabue. He owns a garage near the scene of the accident. HE STOOD AND HANDED HIMSELF OVER TO THE POLICE, WITH A STEEL PIPE ABOUT 3 FEET LONG, THE WEAPON USED TO COMMIT THE CRIME, MR AN SAID WHILE HE WAS WORKING IN THE GARAGE. Mr. Bancha, a neighbor in the same village. He walked with a machete down the street chasing the villagers who were scattering, and walked near the garage, chasing his sister, who was helping at the garage. He then grabbed a pipe in the garage to help his sister, and got into a fight with Mr. Bancha and hit Mr. Bancha's head until he fell unconscious and died. After the incident, he called the police in person, Pak Phanang Police Chief Maj. Gen. Sicha Poonwong said. In the last 2 years, there have been psychiatric illnesses. There are frequent nervous breakdowns and mania before the incident of mental illness. He used a machete to slash and attack the villagers, and even arrived at the scene, where he was beaten to death by Mr. Anon with an iron rod. The authorities have filed charges of assaulting others to death against Mr. Anon and will continue to pursue legal proceedings.
"Former Director General of DSI" - More than 9.5 million is still invisible, no destination found.|"Big Joke" called "Traiyarit Temhiwong", the former director general of DSI, interrogated later this week. After receiving the information More than 9.5 million have not yet been found, the deputy commander said. At 12:50 p.m. on January 24, 2023, at the Department of Special Investigation Building, Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, revealed the progress of the case of 5 DSI officers and 9 police officers from 191 police officers who searched the residence of the Nauru consul in Thailand. For example, the Deputy Commander of Patrol and Special Operations or Deputy Commander 191 at the moment of the investigation has not found any criminal offences, but the disciplinary matter is still under investigation. As for the claim for benefits, initially there was no finding of Pol. Gen. Surachet, revealing that in terms of the police level who commands the subordinate positions. The Deputy Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner of Police (191) confirmed that no criminal irregularities had been found and that both were under disciplinary investigation. However, it was found that verbal orders were issued to the authorities to act improperly in accordance with the procedures and regulations of the Royal Thai Police. Sawanyathipat, director of the Special Case Development and Support Division (in front of the room of the former Director General of DSI and the right hand), who is a fellow P.O. cohort with the Deputy Chief of Staff (191) and has coordinated the request for support in the search, also identified the name of one deputy inspector in this operation. Therefore, he informed the deputy director general of the DSI and gave a verbal order to carry out the operation. The Minister considered that the Director-General who set up this task force, which in the list of officers who went on duty, was informed of the allegations because it was acting improperly. The task force is also responsible for Gen. Surachet. Stated that the case will be called Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong. The former director general of DSI came to interrogate him, saying that the part to be investigated must call Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong. The former director general of the Department of Special Investigation will be interrogated as a witness this week. He further learned that he was involved in a search of a condominium in Huai Khwang, the residence of the Nauru ambassador in Thailand. This was the same uniformed officers who searched the Nauru Consulate residence. In addition, 3-4 additional charges are expected to be filed in the case of more than 9 million baht missing after the search of Nauru's residence. It said it was aware of the 16 officers involved in the search but refused to testify. The investigating officer collected the mobile phone data of all the arresting officers and found that the testimony of some of the accused did not match the mobile data. Surachet said investigators will also interrogate Chinese suspects who have been caught in prison because all of them have not been helpful. Meanwhile, Investigators also found that three other government officials searched a condominium in Huai Khwang. After conducting a search at the Nauru Consular Residence, which has clear closed-circuit evidence, a summons will be issued to acknowledge the allegations, as well as to investigate the former Nauru consul who also complained to the DSI about his involvement in the matter.
Criminal Law 157 "3 Generals S.M." Issued a gray Chinese gang visa to charge|Progress of gray Chinese capital "Big Joke" He was charged with offences under Sections 157 and 149 of the Penal Code and 3 of the Penal Code. Friends of 47 cohorts while officers 80 At 12.30 p.m. on January 24, 2023, at the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) Building, Chaengwattana Road, Bangkok, Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police, revealed the case of the interrogation of immigration police officers .... He said he now has the information and yesterday (Jan. 23) held a full meeting, leaving only an interrogation on some issues. If the issue is complete, charges will be filed. However, the information between him and the police is quite consistent. It must be noted that criminal proceedings and disciplinary investigations are conducted in parallel, and information about criminal cases will also be submitted to the Disciplinary Review Committee. At present, less than 10% of the police officers who are cohorts have to check the details, Pol. Gen. Surachet said, adding that the case of three police officers of the rank of general, who are cohorts, has been investigated. However, criminal offences under Sections 157 and 149 will be filed if they are police, and when the charges are filed, they will be sent to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Pol. Gen. Surachet said that if a criminal is found guilty and charges are filed, serious disciplinary action must be taken as well. As for whether or not all officers will be discharged from the service at all. He informed that in this respect it is the power of the high command to determine whether the stay of the offending officer has caused damage to the case or not. And that's important. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, will not have the authority to intervene in this matter.
6 shots fired at the young rubber plantation. The ambush gunman pulled the trigger and died.|Sniper savage young rubber plantation Press 6 shots, the body of a horrible dead body leads the mountain. Police estimated the gunman was an acquaintance. Set up a personal affair or grudge. Order an investigation team to investigate the cause. At 11.00 a.m. on January 24, 2023, Deputy Inspector General of Police Chakkrit Boonhar was informed that there was a fatal shooting in the mountain. Moo 10, Chalong Sichon District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Lt. Col. Kittisak Ramsawat, Director, Sichon Police Department Lt. Col. Phisit Wisetwong, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel P.C. Sukavisit, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Purin Petch at the Palace The senators, along with the police force in the administration, the doctors of Sichon Hospital, and the Lt. Col. Tai Tek Tueng Sichon. Go to the scene of the accident, which is on the top of ten thousand mushroom peaks. It took more than an hour to arrive at the scene when they arrived at the scene inside the bedroom on the mattress and found the deceased's body lying on his back. On the mattress. Investigators learned the deceased's name was Mr. Prasit Panpanjit, 42 years old, living at 77/2 Moo 10, Chalong. Sichon, Nakhon Si Thammarat The corpse had an unknown gunshot wound to the abdomen. 3 holes, 2 left ribs and 1 right arm, 6 holes in total, lying dead in a single black shorts. NOT WEARING A SPONSORED SHIRT, THE PRELIMINARY INVESTIGATION REVEALED THAT THE DECEASED MR. PRASIT WAS ENGAGED IN RUBBER PLANTATION. Usually every day I go to bed in such a lead every day. It is assumed that before the incident, while Mr. Prasit was sleeping on a mattress at the crime scene, the assailant, who was thought to be an acquaintance, sneaked into the bedroom and used an unknown firearm to fire 6 shots at Mr. Prasit's body. Pol. Col. Kittisak Ramsawat, director of the Sichon Police Department, said that the true cause of death is not yet known, but it is assumed that there are 2 issues, namely an affair or personal anger with one of the antagonists in the village.
"Paweena" according to the lawsuit The 2nd grader was attacked by a senior and was ready to make a case.|"Pavena" went to the ground ready to follow up on the case. The 2nd grade student was attacked by friends and seniors, including 5 people, on social media by watching the sugarcane forest at the scene of the incident. The 2nd grader who was attacked by a male friend and filmed on social media. ruler The victims were brought to complain to The Pavena Foundation and a press conference was held at the Pavena Foundation, according to the latest proposed news. At 1:00 p.m. on Jan. 24, 2023, in the conference room. Nongson Police Station Phichit Mrs. Pavena Hongsakul The president of Pavena Foundation brought the victim to be a 12-year-old student in 2nd grade. A secondary school student, accompanied by her mother, attended the meeting and monitored the progress of the case that the victim had recorded. on 16-Jan In the case of a group of male students A total of 5 people participated in the rape and sent the video to social media. Mr. Supachok Silpkhun Naupor Sam-prong Social development and human security Mr. Peerapong Pillowthong, School Director, Deputy Director, Secondary Education Area Office Phichit province and related agencies attended the meeting by Mrs. Pavena, urging the police to expedite the investigation of the case and for the cyber police to delete the footage that was published to the school to help the victim's children continue to attend school. Mrs. Pavena and her group then went to see the accident site, which is in the sugarcane forest, about 2 kilometers away from the school, and took them to see the waterfront spot where the senior women who invited them were waiting. At the time of the incident, the victim shouted for help, but the senior claimed that he could not hear the sound, and the spot was about 100 meters away from the crime scene.
The court postponed the hearing to Jan. 31 due to a mismatch in the lawyers' queues.|The South Bangkok Criminal Court allowed the postponement of the pre-trial hearing in the Tu Hao case to January 31, 2023, after the defense lawyers informed them that they were caught in other cases. The court appointed witnesses in advance according to the petition no. 1/2566. The prosecutor of the Narcotics Prosecution Office filed an application in which Huang Haitao and 19 others were convicted. Drug offenses The witnesses requested are Chinese nationals and are key witnesses of the facts of the case. The witnesses are waiting to be deported from the Kingdom to return to their homeland, which is why it is urgently necessary to ask for witnesses before filing charges. In the afternoon, the court examined one more witness in advance and then scheduled a further hearing. Afternoon to evening The lawyers for the 23 defendants said that since the hearings were scheduled for January 23 and 24, and from January 25 to 27, 2023, the lawyers were caught up in several other court cases. Therefore, he asked to act on his own if some of the plaintiff's witnesses were examined and the 23 defendants saw what the issues of the case were related to their defendants and were able to leave their questions to the lawyers who participated in the case. IN THE NEXT APPOINTMENT, A LAWYER OF A PERSON WHO HAS A VACANT DATE WILL BE APPOINTED TO ACT AS A REPLACEMENT FOR A LAWYER WHO DOES NOT HAVE A VACANCY ON THAT DATE. In case of reasonable cause, the plaintiff's witness examination shall be postponed to Tuesday, January 31, 2023 from 09.00-16.30 hrs.
Drunk man fights over money, wife and stepson Kawu Sq.|A big man gets drunk and uses a knife to slash his injured wife. The stepson was stopped hoping to help his mother- he was wounded by 1 policeman who caught him in the parking lot. Investigators found that there was an altercation with his wife over money at 21.40 a.m. on Jan. 24, 2023. Capt. Gavin Juirod Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Sattahip police received a report of a person being injured by a knife and tooth. Severe symptoms The incident occurred inside one of the paint workshops in the area. M.6 Sattahip, Sattahip, Chonburi After receiving the report, the police and the Sawang Rojana Thammasat Foundation rescue team found 2 injured, namely Mrs. Nongluck Chaiyarun, 55, and Mr. Bhagwat Homruemrom, 28, both mothers and children, who were both armed with knives and injured in the head. The rescuers rushed him to Queen Sirikit Hospital for treatment. The suspect, known as Mr. Chuklao Silayos, 47, who owns a garage, led the force to blockade and arrest him for more than 10 minutes, then detained him in a state of intoxication and then taken to the police station for further investigation. S.P.S.A.S.A.SPONSORED from the investigation Mr. Chuklao (the perpetrator) learned that the perpetrator was the illegitimate girlfriend of Mrs. Nonglak (one of the injured). At the time of the incident, the couple had an argument about money. Before the perpetrator used a knife, the weapon was slashed. Then Mr. Bhagavat, who is the son of Mrs. Nonglak, would come to the rescue and help the mother. Police charged him with "drunkenness or other drunkenness and disorderly conduct." To prosecute Mr. Chuklao (the perpetrator) first, and to conduct a thorough investigation again. To prosecute the charge of "assault" in accordance with the legal procedures.
"It's like being reborn." Inspector Kamnan at Sa Kaeo Accidentally stepped on a bomb. Fortunately, it doesn't work.|It feels like a rebirth. Inspector Kamnan Tambon Thap Phrik Aranyaprathet Sa Kaeo entered the forest, accidentally stepped on a mine, killed a person, PMN was lucky to be conscious, and used the experience of old scouts. He survived at 8 a.m. on Jan. 25, 2023, reporters reported that at 11 a.m. yesterday (Jan. 24, 2023) he was arrested. Capt. Niyom Charoensiri The 2nd Task Force Commander was notified by phone from Mr. Nattinan Munros Inspector Kamnan Tambon Thap Phrik 148 Moo 2, Ban Thap Phrik Thap Phrik, Aranyaprathet Sa Kaeo said he had gone into the forest and stepped on the bomb but did not work. Lt. Col. Thapanan Maungpong, 12th Lt. Col., acknowledged and ordered the EOD to be directed. The 12th Police Department, a bomb disposal unit, went to the area sponsored the scene and met Mr. Nattinan, who was waiting in the area, who planted mahogany trees next to the canal. It is a natural canal that divides the Thai-Cambodian border. A bomb was found buried in the ground. On the side of the road down to the canal, barbed wire is blocked. The EOD officers then safely recovered the bomb. This type of bomb is a green PMN killing mine, so it can be stored for further destruction from inquiries. Mr. Nattinan Munros Inspector Kamnan Tambon Thap Phrik knew that at that moment he went to the farm to clear the forest, so he went to see the mahogany tree planted on the canal, felt that he had stepped on something, slipped when he looked down, so he knew that it was a bomb. So I sat down and lay down on the floor and lifted my legs, luckily the bomb didn't work." After that, he called the authorities and took them out of his own farm," the reporter reported. For Mr. Nattinan Munros, 62, a former 20-year-old scout at Pak Thong Chai camp, he has experience in self-defense tactics.
Police chase dark hand stealing AED defibrillator after finding 27 missing|A spokesman said: The POLICE has ordered all localities to expedite the investigation to find the culprit. Stealing AED defibrillators and selling them, revealing that they belong to the Red Cross, give them to the Royal Thai Police. 262 units were installed throughout Bangkok, 27 of which were lost on January 25, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong A spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said the stolen AED was posted on social media as a donation by the Thai Red Cross society to the Royal Thai Police. In the Thai Red Cross Society's 125th Anniversary Defibrillator Program It appears that at 262 installation points throughout Bangkok, 27 points were found to be lost due to the management of the Red Cross procurement contract. The parties have not yet completed the installation. It is also owned by the contracting company and not by the Police. Initially, the Metropolitan Police Command ordered all areas where the incident occurred to have a daily journal to investigate the culprit. In accordance with the MOU made with the Thai Red Cross Society, it is necessary to urgently ask for time to investigate. As for the value of the damage, you must first see how much a machine costs. FROM THE INFORMATION THAT WENT TO THE EVENT, THERE IS NO MATTER OF THE VALUE OF DAMAGESSPONSORED
Cyber Police Warning scams to give away free air tickets before sucking up all the money from the account.|Cyber Police Warning of fraudsters pretending to be airline officials, giving away free air tickets during the peak season by tricking them into filling in information and then connecting the system to control the screen before transferring money out of the account. As it appears in the news on social media. Many of the victims were sent short text messages (SMS) to their mobile phones, impersonating airline officials such as Thai Lion Air, with messages like "Thank you for continuing to use the service. You will receive a free flight" by clicking on the link attached to the message to add an airline friend to the LINE application, then an officer will call the victim for inquiries and trick them into reinstalling the airline application sent to LINE. When the victim is convinced to install such an application. Scammers will trick them into entering personal or financial information or setting a 6-digit PIN code, as well as giving the application access to sensitive information, allowing the fraudster to connect the system and control the victim's phone screen at any time. In the meantime, fraudsters will observe the victim's behavior, such as which bank they use, how much money they have in their account, and remember the password from the victim's access to the banking application. WHEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY, THE FRAUDSTERS WILL CONNECT AND TRANSFER THE MONEY OUT OF THE ACCOUNT TO SPONSORED BY GEN. PRAYUTH CHAN-OCHA. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense have given importance and concern to the dangers of scams through social media channels. In particular, impersonating agencies to deceive people's property. The Royal Thai Police has instructed its affiliated agencies to take serious and ongoing crackdowns and arrest offenders, as well as put in place preventive measures to raise public awareness against becoming victims of fraudsters. The Police Technology Crime Investigation Command is driven by government policy and the Royal Thai Police. In the fight against all forms of online offences, a spokesperson said: B.S.C. In such forms of deception, fraudsters use the ignorance and greed of the people as tools to deceive. Use voluntarily to trick victims into installing fake applications, using airline symbols or badges to make such fake applications look like real applications and are reliable. It is important to note that they are not the same. However, I would like to leave it to the public to be vigilant and always be aware of the scams of fraudsters. Free items are not available in the world, including sending notifications to close people or notifying government agencies or agencies. If you see a message or link in such a way, please check it to reduce the victimization of fraudsters. I would like to inform you about the prevention guidelines. 1. Do not click on the link with the short message (SMS) or click the link to install applications 2. Do not download or install programs or applications sent by others. 3. Check if it is from the airline or the agency. 4.Be careful with applications that ask for permission to access information 5.If you have already installed such an application, immediately turn on Airplane Mode to stop the phone from connecting to the Internet. 6. Do not use any equipment in public service points or from strangers. 7. Do not fill in personal information Any financial information in any link or application that comes in such a way is strictly prohibited. 8. Do not use a public computer and access a private website. 9. Do not access unsecured websites such as gambling sites, pornographic websites, etc.
Police Chief Cheung led the procession. Point job, do it arbitrarily. Found guilty of criminal offences - discipline|The "Big Dominant" of Up The police led the procession, made arbitrarily, with heavy teeth to avoid being like If convicted of both criminal and disciplinary offences, Yan could not wear a job uniform outside of official hours on January 25, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said the "Lui China" page revealed that Thai police have been driving chinese tourists for more than 10 years. The matter has ordered an expedited investigation if there is information as it is disclosed. If there is clear evidence, both criminal and disciplinary action will be taken, but now ask for time for the investigating officer to conduct an investigation, since the image that appears in the media is partly a tourist police officer and partly a traffic policeman.   Gen. Damrongsak said that the Royal Thai Police There is already a guideline that to lead a procession of anyone must meet the guidelines. The conduct of the procession in such an event is not in accordance with the established criteria, it is an arbitrary act, which is guilty of punishment. They must first ask the police to investigate if anyone else is involved. How many years back can it be verified, based primarily on the evidence. If you speak orally or speak loudly, you can't check it, but if anyone has information, send it to the police officer who checked. Confirming that he is ready to take action against Pol. Gen. Damrongsak, he said that he also insisted that the police wearing uniforms to hire part-time contractors, to use their own cars or royal cars, is wrong because it is arbitrary and does not follow orders. If the investigation finds that it is wrong, to cause fear and not to be like other officials.  When asked if he would urge online sales sites to delete travel booking packages with buses, he said: Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said the matter will be investigated by the police in all dimensions. Both the information that the parties posted and shared, and the police information that gives the testimony, all the facts must be made clear and disclosed, but please take the time to examine them carefully and see the whole picture. The more information that has been done for a long time, it must be investigated in order to get the facts, the police chief said, adding that the incident did not need to dismantle the regulations regarding the lead car. Because it is the wrongdoing of the off-duty officer. It's not about the regulations, but whether or not to call the Chinese girl who posted the clip to inquire more. If the police determine that it is necessary, they will coordinate with the authorities to testify, but the poster may not be in Thailand at this time. He made it clear that he wasn't overwhelmed by the police's corruption, but rather an investigation. If something bad needs to be fixed, many things need time to be investigated. People are asked to calm down because the police are rushing to take all the cases to the fullest.
Police chief admits to withdrawing insurance for "Mya Tu Hao" After witness-intimidating behavior|Police chief accepts police officer's request to withdraw insurance Kornchayanan, wife of "Tu Hao" After finding evidence of intimidation of witnesses, the court granted the opportunity not to revoke the temporary bail on January 25, 2023, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, said that there was a factual basis as stated by Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit that the accused in the Case of Mr. Tuo Hao was Lt. Col. Ying Watnaree. Kornchayanan Mr. Duo's wife and two others. Therefore, the investigating officer was instructed to submit the case to the court in order to revoke the bail of the accused, but the court still gave the opportunity not to revoke the temporary bail. As well as gathering evidence, if intimidation is found, the witness will immediately apply for bail revocation. Case Progress Section After the prosecutor received the statement of inquiry from the Royal Thai Police. On Jan. 24, one witness was examined in advance, a Chinese witness, who will continue to call for pre-examination and is confident in the evidence the police have gathered to convict the lead character in the case.
Ikkyu and Bum testified in the Case of Kruba Kai. Revealing the secret clip of a bald man in love with a young man|Ikkyu and Bum, the former yom upathaak "Kru Ba Kai", entered a plea for more defenders and unfolded a secret clip of "Bald man making love to a young man" clarifying his desire to come out and get the truth. In what formed If it doesn't come out, it will unfold at 3 p.m. on Jan. 25 at the Police Suppression Division .... Mrs. Komkay Weknuan or Bum, 43 years old, Ms. Wasana Glaze sung noen or Ikkyu, 34 years old, Mr. Thanyaboon Chitchay, 28 years old, attended the meeting. Pol. Col. Wiwat Chitsopapakul, 3rd Lt. Col., and Kg.3 Bok.P. investigators to provide additional testimony and evidence from the case that had been filed against him. Teacher Ba Kai or Master Suwit Shinworo President of The Monastic Lodge of Wat Pa Pathom Devaram Mrs. Khomkay said that in addition to the interrogation of additional investigators on certain issues. He also presented newly acquired evidence in several video clips of a bald man making love to a young man, which was submitted by a good citizen to investigators. THE PERSON IN THE CLIP AND HOW IT RELATES TO THE CASE IS NOT DISCLOSED, AND ON FRIDAY (JAN. 27), THE NATIONAL POLICE WILL BE ASKED TO REQUEST A POLICE INVESTIGATION OR TRANSFER. Manjagiri Police Station Some officers left the area after believing that they had received money from Teacher Ba Kai in order to provide assistance in the case that Teacher Ba Kai had informed them of their wrongdoing, and that Teacher Ba Kai had said that a summons had been issued to them. He insisted that there was no benefit involved in the movement. I just want to do the right thing. Ms. Wasana said that for the prosecution of Mrs. Bakai. To want him to come out and accept the truth. In what formed If stubborn, do not accept the truth. They and they will continue to move because they believe that what they are doing is the right thing to do. He said that he would like to invite the complainant group to testify today to ask questions on some of the issues that are still in doubt. Whether it's about the evidence that is claimed to have given the money, and where the money came from, and many other issues to clarify. In addition, as part of the preliminary case guidelines, the investigators were directed to interrogate buddhist bureau officials to inquire about various questions about the monastic law. This is to be used as a criterion for determining the behavior of the teacher to determine which offenses are involved.
Burnt hands, attacked Phuket Snake Park security guard, disabled, found "Hao cabinet" as the commanding officer.|Defenders Gather your hands, burn. Injured phuket snake park security guard until crippled I found a "cabinet with a wife". The accused was the commander of a business dispute on Jan. 25, 2023. Director general Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel Command Lt. Col. Pornsak Laurujiralai, Deputy Chief of Army Staff, 1st Lt. Col. Det. Maj. Gen. Ngamlam, 1st Lt. Col. Akarapol Maniwan, Deputy Chief of Staff, 1st Lt. Col. Det. Det. S.W.1 Police officers were also present. Samsen police arrested Mr. Surachai Thongkhalib, 42, under Phuket Provincial Court Warrant No. 546/2555 dated October 17, 2012, on charges of intentionally attempting to kill others and setting fire to property in the parking lot of a shopping mall in Nakhon Chaisri Subdistrict, Dusit District, Bangkok. They then set fire to the snake garden. After the incident, Chalong police asked the Phuket Provincial Court to issue arrest warrants for 3 mobsters, Mr. Suwan Thongperploy, 53, Mr. Yuttana Karmasom, 48, and Mr. Surachai ThongkhalibSPONSORED. Mr. Suwan was able to keep it and invited Mr. Yuttana to interrogate him. Initially, the two accused confessed that they hired Wan from "Tu Hao" and his wife to cause the crime, leaving Mr. Surachai who was still on the run, before sending the couple to Chalong Police Station, the prosecution sent the prosecutor to conclude not to file charges, leaving Mr. Surachai who is still on the run. Initially investigating, Mr. Surachai refused, so he was sent to Chalong Police Station for further prosecution. Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekarat Phlaiduang, director of the Chalong Police Department, told reporters that the suspect had been coordinated to prosecute the case, and when he arrived, the police would send the suspect to the police station for questioning before gathering evidence. Submit to further legal proceedings. The accused will either plead guilty or be referred to anyone. We have to wait for the investigators to take action.
Hmong gang seizes 32 million baht|"Minister of Justice" P.P.S. Integrated Police-Military Collects 5 Hmong Network Minions Carrying 6 Million Methamphetamine Pills Kadan Mae Tho Wiang Pa Pao Expanded foreclosure by 32 million baht Revealing the background of the arrest, a good citizen gave clues to the hotline 1386. Using camouflage method by tucking it into a wooden truck, transporting Ayutthaya-Pathum Thani 3 times, totaling 10 million tablets. Vo has now seized 20,671 million baht of property. 541 million baht has been put into the fund. Confident in the foreclosure target of 100,000 million baht This year, the P.O.P. seized 6 million Hmong methamphetamine pills. The 1386 hotline was revealed at 12:30 p.m. on Jan. 25 at the Office of the Narcotics Control Board (PSC). Din Daeng Mr. Somsak Thepsutin Minister of Justice Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Representatives from the NCPO Police and soldiers attended a press conference to arrest five Hmong people with 6 million methamphetamine pills, Somsak said on Jan. 24. Pha Muang army soldiers and various agencies arrested 5 suspects of the Hmong network after receiving complaints through the hotline 1386. Unusually wealthy Investigators found the network hired drug smugglers from neighboring border areas to import Thailand. Border area Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai They took them to nine Hmong houses before transporting them to the network in the inner area, using camouflage drug trucks to transport wood, as well as swapping license plates for transport vehicles. Wiang Pa Pao Chiang Rai is Mr. Haritsorn Porneuakarn or Sakpol. Mr. Wichian Amnuaychoktawee Mr. Surin Rojanakirisanti Mr. Millennium Atsadapreechaleesakul and Mr. Bhumithachaya Garudachaiyos 6 million amphetamine tablets 1 truck used to hide drugs and 2 road survey cars initially testified that they received the goods from Mae Chan district, Chiang Rai province, made 3 times, namely the 1st time in October 2022. 30 sacks of methamphetamine (100,000 tablets per sack), totaling 3 million tablets, delivered to Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province for the 2nd time in November 2022 38 sacks of methamphetamine, totaling 3.8 million tablets. and the 3rd time on January 4, 2023. 32 sacks of methamphetamine, totaling 3.2 million tablets. In total, 10 million tablets have been shipped. This time he was arrested. 6 million amphetamine tablets Get ready to drop off THE JUSTICE MINISTER SAID THAT THE OFFICE OF THE P.O.S. has expanded its search to 5 locations in Chiang Rai, Phrae, Nonthaburi and Nakhon Nayok provinces. Seized 26 items of property, including 7 items of land, 9 vehicles, 4 items of gold, 5 passbooks and 598,000 baht in cash, with a total asset value of approximately 32 million baht. Trace the mastermind to intercept drug shipments both domestically and internationally. For foreclosure measures Currently, 20,671 million baht has been seized. "Inviting all citizens to join the whistleblowing process, the P.P.S. is currently developing a system (blockchain block chain) to make whistleblowing safer, expected no later than mid-February, this system will be completed and started to work. Mr. Somsak said.
Do not withdraw the insurance, the wife of the "Big Den" is ordered to keep a close eye on each other, threatening witnesses.|"Big Den" Police confirmed that there was intimidation of key witnesses in the case of the arrest of the gray Chinese capital gang. Order the investigating officer to apply for the withdrawal of bail. The female wife of "Tu Hao-Chainat Kornchayanan" has been granted permission to request "Big Tu". Given this case, the government pays attention to it, it must provide fairness to all parties. Kg.1, Bok.P., according to the last accused in the case of beating the head of a security guard - arson at Phuket Snake Park. The 55-year-old was arrested before pleading guilty to "Van Hao" and his wife, before no charges were filed in the case at the Royal Thai Police. At 9:30 a.m. on Jan. 25, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defense Minister discuss raids on entertainment venues "Jin Ling" of the gray Chinese business group with Mr. Tu Hao-Chainat. Kornjayanan is the main accused. He later chaired a meeting of the Police Commission .... No. 1/2023 that there are many integrated agencies working on this issue. It shows that the Prime Minister and the government are interested, but must be fair in fighting the case, as in all other cases, and must be careful to make expressions to the prosecutor and the court in accordance with the procedures of the process. The Court of Justice. He reminded those involved to be punished without omission: "If the investigation finds politicians involved. There is evidence or witnesses who need to be questioned, no, I don't want to be questioned about anything because some of them are politically discredited." PRAYUTH SAID SPONSORED. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said that the case against the witnesses in the case was based on the fact that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit had identified the accused in the Case of Mr. Tuo Hao. Lieutenant-Colonel W.A. Watnaree Mr. Du Hao's wife, Kornjayanan, and two others had a real witness intimidation situation. He ordered the investigating officer to make a record and present evidence to the court in order to withdraw the bail of the accused, but the court ordered not to revoke the bail. From now on, the investigating officer must closely examine the circumstances of all the accused persons and gather evidence. If witnesses are found to be intimidating or tampering with evidence, they will immediately withdraw their bail. As for the progress of the case, after the prosecutor received the case from the Royal Thai Police. One of the key witnesses was a Chinese national. In the meantime, witnesses will be called in advance. Confidence in witnesses The evidence gathered by the police will definitely be able to acquit the main accused in the case on the same day. Lt. Col. Pornsak Laurujiralai, Deputy Chief of Staff 1st Lt. Col. A.K. Maniwan, 1st Lt. Col. Det. Det. 1st Lt. Col. with police investigation department. Samsen Police arrested Mr. Surachai Thongkhalib, 42, according to Phuket Provincial Court Warrant No. 546/2555 dated October 17, 2012, for attempting to kill others with intent and arson in the middle of the night on April 23, 2012. A mob of three people broke into the company's office. Phuket Healthy Nutriment Co., Ltd. (Phuket Snake Park) arrested Mr. Anuchit Chaithongngam, 29, a security guard, tied his hands, tied his feet and smashed his head until he was resurrected as a disabled person. They then set fire to the snake garden. After the incident, Chalong police asked the Phuket Provincial Court to issue arrest warrants for 3 mobsters. Mr. Yuttana Karmasom Mr. Surachai Thongkhalib Later, the police of the Police Division arrested Mr. Suwan. The couple confessed to having hired Wan from "Tu Hao" and his wife to cause the incident, which was caused by a business conflict. 14 Nakornchaisri Subdistrict, Dusit District, Bangkok, arrested Mr. Surachai denied it. Sent to The Police Department for prosecution
Kalasin police charged 7 accused in hospital Remind parents to take good care of their children.|Police Officer Kuchinarai 7 youths charged with assaulting rivals in The Crown Prince's Hospital Governor Kalasin has asked parents to take care of their children in the case of a group of teenagers, 7 of whom committed an assault on their rivals in the area of The Crown Prince Kuchinarai Hospital. Kuchinarai District, Kalasin Province On the evening of January 22, 2023, cctv cameras recorded the incident. The reason is that there has been a quarrel before. The parents last surrendered their children to police at 10:30 a.m. on January 25, 2013, the Prosecutor General's Office reported. Kalasin Province Pol. Maj. Gen. Suwan Cheownawinthawat Lieutenant Colonel Kalasin and Lt. Col. Pandit Sinhapracha, Ph.D., Ph.D. Kalasin province has instructed Lt. Col. Thitipan Nitithamsarapol, deputy chief of police (investigation). Kuchinarai Police Station Chief Investigator, accompanied by Lieutenant Colonel Anok Sutanon investigated the Police Department. A total of seven young men aged between 14 and 17 were arrested for allegedly assaulting a 17-year-old male rival inside The Crown Prince Hospital. Let's interrogate with a multidisciplinary team. It consists of prosecutors. psychologist SOCIAL WORKER, WHOSE PARENTS ATTENDED THE HEARING WITH SPONSORED BY POL. MAJ. GEN. SUWAN CHEOWNAWINTHAWAT. Chief Of Staff, Kalasin He said that for the latest developments of the seven youths who committed the crime, their parents have taken them all into custody, which is currently undergoing interrogation with a multidisciplinary team. After an altercation with the opponent at the entrance road to Nong Bua Thong House. Before arriving at the hospital because different people were visiting their own friends who were injured, there was another round of fighting and the incident occurred. He continued: "After interrogation. Investigators will then file charges against the seven men for assaulting others and taking them to juvenile and family court. The case is expected to take about a month to know the outcome of the court's decision. He said that in the case of assault before coming to the hospital, firearms were also used. Both sides of the attack are now known. As for firearms, the investigation revealed that they were self-invented firearms. Using .22 caliber bullets, there was no violence, which is currently in the process of gathering evidence and waiting for witnesses to identify the perpetrators on both sides. Kalasin also said that however, he would like to remind all parents to pay close attention and take care of their children because if they let them come together, they will be angry and risk causing harm to themselves. Parents and society as well.
"Handsome Girl" Singing loudly, yelling, yelling, molesting and trying to rape|"Handsome Girl" The 22-year-old shouted "Silk Road Page", hijacking a police officer who lusted for his apartment mates, stormed his room, molested and attempted to rape him. Luckily, consciousness is a ploy to survive. The police have revealed the case, but the police told them to wait 3 weeks for the results of the physical examination to issue a summons to the accused. The suspect was still drinking and walking through the room and was afraid of repeating the incident at 8 p.m. on Jan. 25, 2023. Miss A (pseudonym), aged 22, with her father, visited. Mr. Universe Yellowprasert The founder of Sai Mai Page must survive in order to help expedite the case in which Ms. A was raped by a man who lived in an apartment during the night. Luckily, he asked to buy a condom, so he survived. After surviving, his brother took him to the police, but the police told him to wait another 3 weeks for the results of the medical examination. Opened a shop on the ground floor of an apartment in Udomsuk for many years. The date of the incident was January 19, 2023. Around midnight. Then someone knocked on the door, and a male voice called out his name to open the door. So he got up and peeked through the window to see who it was, but he couldn't find himself, and at first he thought it was his brother knocking on the door. Because my brother is the one who knocks and calls shortly and likes to walk away. So he hurriedly opened the door, shouting to his brother. When he opened the door, there was Mr. Bom, 31, who lived in the same apartment. Break into the room and push yourself into the room. He then took him to bed and molested him and tried to rape him, but he struggled but couldn't resist, causing Him to slip his hand into his genitals. He tried to be kind to the tiger, pretending to be afraid of his stomach. ask Mr. Bom went to buy a condom first. But Mr. Bom said he didn't have any money, so he said he would buy it and let Mr. Bom lie in his room. WHEN HE LEFT THE ROOM, HE IMMEDIATELY WENT TO HIS BROTHER'S BROTHER, AND THEN HE CALLED THE POLICE TO GO TO HIS ROOM. When the police came to his room, he was embarrassed, so he told the police that there was nothing, it was just a misunderstanding, and then the police went back. Then he decided to knock on Mr. Bom's room and called out, which lasted about 20 minutes, so Mr. Bom agreed to come out, and then walked back into the room. Udomsuk Police Station The police had asked him for a medical examination and said that it would take another 3 weeks to issue a summons to Mr. Bom to acknowledge the allegations because he had to wait for the results of the medical examination. I found Mr. Bom sitting down and having a drink. Act like nothing happened. Now he has to live in fear because he doesn't know when Mr. Bom will come back and repeat the incident because of his size, but still do something. Mr. Bom Not at all." Ms. A said. Mr. Universe said after the incident. Miss A went to report the case, but the police told her to wait another 3 weeks, fearing that it would be unsafe because the attacker was still sitting in the building eating alcohol every day and still passing through the front of the room. Which, perhaps, smiles like a mockery"Really. There are several charges in this regard, including trespassing. The accused can be prosecuted immediately without waiting for the results of the physical examination so that the accused can be prosecuted first and after the results of the physical examination can be informed of the additional charges. If you let time lapse like this. Delayed justice, it's injustice. A few moments later, he phoned the director. He said that tomorrow (January 26) he will make an arrest immediately," he said.
9 "Police 191" officers also refused to join the DSI to search the home of former Consul Nauru.|"Commander 191" leans not to defend if the results of 9 police officers are wrong. DSI slams Chinese Tao property, orders serious disciplinary examination, expected mid-month The MINISTRY knows the results and directs guidelines to police officers who go out of the box and appear evidence. Disciplinary and criminal action must be taken no exception at 12:00 p.m. on January 26, 2023. Chief Of Staff Police officers involved in alleged exploitation of Chinese nationals have been revealed. According to a search of the former nauru consulate in Thailand, a fact-finding committee was initially set up to gather facts from the start. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy The Police Commissioner has also set up a working group to investigate the matter, and the court has issued arrest warrants for those involved, including DSI officers and Police 191. 191 9 officers were issued arrest warrants and were informed of the allegations.  And the Patrol and Special Operations Command has ordered the Royal Thai Army Order No. 13/2566 dated January 16 to appoint a serious disciplinary investigation committee for 9 police officers. The Deputy Chief of Police is the Chairman of the Serious Disciplinary Investigation Committee SPONSORED, in addition, the Patrol and Special Operations Division has ordered the SOP No. 14/2023. On Jan. 16, the police commissioner ordered nine police officers to be absent from their previous duties, however, the results of the serious disciplinary examination were framed to be completed within 30 days. He said the incident was reported by the media at the Nauru Consulate in Thailand. The letter was passed through DSI before the DSI coordinated with 191 to take action, which the facts were told to the working clothes of Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of staff. If the result is that the offense was committed, both disciplinary and criminal action must be taken to the point of dismissal, which the 9 officers initially denied that the money had not been collected or that the money had been shared with the DSI officials. Just go in and perform the duties requested by the DSI. He also summoned a deputy police officer who had been coordinated by the DSI to inquire, the details of which appeared in the idiom. However, I would like to see from a broad perspective that in many cases the police have done their part to help the people, including suppression, suppression, etc. However, there are some police officers who may walk out of line, which if found, must be taken seriously in order to make the organization acceptable to society. The 9 police officers who were charged with serious disciplinary investigation were Lt. Col. Narongdej Pitak, Lt. Col. Surin Eadkaew, Lt. Col. Thamnuon Channuan, Lt. Col. Attarin Wiriyapan, Lt. Col. Supachai Suriyap, Lt. Col. Dr. Pokit Mulphen, Lt. Col. Jira Lekhasan, Lt. Col. Thawatchai Phan, and Lt. Col. Sittipong Thaweesin.
Dent and Ikkyu Singing police officer moves Manjagiri out of area The knot is close, the teacher is a chicken.|Dent and Ikkyu Former Yom Upathak "Kru Ba Kai" submitted a letter to the Police Commissioner requesting that the director of The Manjagiri Police Station, who is close to the famous teacher, be removed from the area after being issued an unknowing summons. The dreaded dreaded will not be treated fairly on January 26, 2023, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters (SQ). Ms. Khamkay Weknuan and Ms. Wasana Coating sung noen, former yom upathaak. Kruba Kai or Phra Suwit Shinwaro submitted a letter to Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police ,inspected the superintendent and subordinates at The Manjakiri Police Station in Khon Kaen province, which has close ties to Kru Ba Kai, because he feared that the case he had complained to Mr. Ba Kai would not be fair. Deputy Chief of Staff The police commissioner, who represents Ms. Khomkay, said that the superintendent of The Manjagiri Police Station and his subordinates had a close relationship with Kru Ba Kai because they had always supported the 500,000 baht concrete pouring in front of the hotel and supported other activities of the hotel. Therefore, he wanted the National Police Commander to move all the police involved out of the area. Therefore, he participated in the restoration of many temples, including the construction of a kuti and casting a monk, totaling more than 5 million baht, until on August 7, 2022, a mysterious man later known as Mr. Jane sent a message and sent a secret photo. Said he was a fan of Teacher Bakai. Therefore, the picture was taken to ask Teacher Bakai, and the other party admitted that it was true. The two have forgiven as requested by Teacher Bakai. But afterwards, he learned that Kru Ba Kai had returned to another man in Lopburi. AS A RESULT, THEY LOST FAITH AND THEREFORE STEPPED BACK. He said the video showed a bald man in the shape of an archangel, but did not identify him as a teacher. He was having a deep relationship with a man, so he went to the police to investigate, confirming that there was no conflict with Mr. Bakai, causing a split, or having to come out and move, and did not want the money donated to go back. I just want the society to help me check if what Teacher Ba Kai used to tell his relatives is true. He also denied that it wasn't about creating a story to create a bracelet as it was suspected. Mr. Bakai offered to invest in the company.
Ex-pm can't do good, drives taxi for 4 years and doesn't survive, turns to carry 2 million methamphetamine pills |Chumphon Highway Police collect ex-convicts for drug offenses, carrying 2 million methamphetamine pills Pleaded guilty to paying 20,000 baht in a taxi after 4 years in jail. At 3:30 p.m. on January 26, 2023, Lt. Col. Pitaya Thanavut, Senator of Chumphon, accompanied by Chumphon Highway Police Officer Detained Mr. Sarawut Sangpom, 30 years old, at house no. 27 Moo 5, Thung Hua Subdistrict. Wang Nua District Lampang came to interrogate at Chumphon Highway Police Station. After being arrested with 2 million methamphetamine pills hidden in a black Toyota Vios sedan. Registration No. 5089 Uttaradit Lt. Col. Pitaya Thanavut, Senator T.L. Chumphon It revealed that it had been informed by a news wire that there would be a drug smuggling operation. Will smuggle methamphetamine with a black Toyota Vios car. Registration no. 5089 Uttaradit, therefore, instructed the police officers under the Chumphon Highway Police Station. Patrol vehicles were deployed to intercept Petchkasem Road and Asia 41 Road until 10 a.m. today. Highway police officers found the suspect vehicle, according to news reports. Driving through wangtako red light intersection, Asia Road 41, Langsuan The driver then drove away and signaled the sedan to park for a search warrant, Lt. Col. Pitaya said, but instead stepped on the gas pedal to try to escape. Police officers had to drive a chase with a radio asking for police officers from the area. Langsuan and Lamae helped intercept and close the escape route. It wasn't until the driver of the sedan saw that he couldn't escape, so he parked his car before reaching Thung Luang. Then open the car door and run away into the rubber plantation by the roadside. The officers then chased him until he was able to arrest him in a state of exhaustion and surrender in the woods. He said that after his arrest, the officers brought him to his car for a search. As a result, four paper crates were found in the back seat and six in the trunk, so they opened it and found methamphetamine inside. A total of 20 bundles of methamphetamine were counted. The officers were then taken along with all the items for further interrogation at the Chumphon Highway Police Station. Sarawut pleaded guilty to drug trafficking and was jailed for 4 years, and after his acquittal, tried to find a job until he bought a sedan and ran a taxi in Bangkok. The car was about to be confiscated, so they had to find a way out, and they had a group of friends who had been convicted of drug crimes together. He suggested that he go to a drug dealer, so he accepted it and told his wife that he would like to do it so that he could bring money to pay for Mr. Sarawut's car. He said that after he called to get a job from his brother, he drove a car transported from methamphetamine and he would be paid 20 thousand baht. After picking up the car, he put all the methamphetamine in the car and picked it up in one of the pumps. Along the way, there will be a taxi, driving in advance to tell if there is a checkpoint or not. Langsuan was taken by the highway police. Fearing to drive away. But he did not survive the arrest, and the officers eventually took him for a urine test, which showed a positive result. So the authorities did. Report the allegations of possession of class 1 narcotic drugs (methamphetamine) without permission, being the driver of a drug vehicle to blame and being a drug user before bringing the case with the central object to send the investigating officer to Lamae Police Station, Chumphon province, for further legal proceedings.
The owner of 53 million transferred to Not. Acknowledging the charges, DSI filed 5 lakh bail application.|"Mr. A." The owner of the cashier's cheque of 53 million transferred to "Knot" came to DSI to acknowledge the charge of "money laundering and online gambling". He applied for bail of 500,000 baht. With the condition of not leaving the country from the special case 288/2565, Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut or "Not Lottery Plus" received the transfer of 2 cashier's cheques for 53 million baht. From "Mr. A." and related to the perpetrators of online money laundering cases. "Mr. A." is one of the seven persons who were issued a summons, according to the news release at 2:50 p.m. on Jan. 26, 2023, at the Drug Case Center. Department of Special Investigation (DSI) The reporter reported that "Mr. A." visited the Mr. Pongsthorn Innuay Director of the Drug Case Center to clarify the case of payment of 2 cashier's cheques totaling 53 million baht Transfer to Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut, or "Not Kong Lottery Plus", according to the 2nd summons, later at 3.10 p.m., the reporter reported that after "Mr. A." surrendered to DSI. The media tried to ask if Mr. Attakarn was present, but the person denied that he was "not." When asked what the case was because he had entered the drug case center room, a person close to him said, "Come and testify. He called to inquire." In addition, "Mr. A." stated that he did not know Mr. Nott in any way, the reporter further reported that "Mr. A." had surrendered himself to the Special Investigation Officer and charged him with 1. money laundering and 2. jointly arranged online gambling. IN ADDITION, HE APPLIED FOR TEMPORARY BAIL IN THE INVESTIGATING OFFICER WITH A LIMIT OF 500,000 BAHT AND IMPOSED A BAN ON LEAVING THE COUNTRY.
3 DSI arrest warrants were issued for the search team of the former director-general's condo.|The former director general of DSI testified to investigators that his subordinates searched the consul general's residence in Nauru and caused embezzlement and demanded benefits in exchange for the release of a Chinese national with an international arrest warrant. Meanwhile, police are preparing to issue arrest warrants for three DSI officers who searched the condo in Huai Khwang on Jan. 26, 2023, around 7 p.m. Mr. Traiyarit Temhiwong The former DSI director-general met with investigators at the police club. Vibhavadi Rangsit Road to provide information on the operation of the search operation of the former Consul General Nauru residence in Sathorn. On December 22, 2022, how it was involved and whether it was approved in accordance with the procedures, including details during the performance of duties, how clarifications were submitted in the afternoon. Huaykwang police have concluded their investigation in preparation for the arrest of three more DSI officers, who appear in closed-circuit footage as searching a gray Chinese condominium in Huai Khwang district. A few hours after searching the residence of former Consul General Nauru, Police Major General Surachet Hakpal, deputy commander of the National Police, was arrested. He said that in addition to the former director general of DSI, even nauru embassy officials would have to come to testify about the suspicion of contacting DSI officials to check irregularities at the former consul general's residence because, compared to the documents, there was a conflict in the timing. In order for the Nauru authorities to be aware of the investigation and approve the sending of an officer (diplomatic secretary) who signed the complaint letter and asked the DSI officers to inspect the residence of the former Consul General of Nauru, it was also found that it may have been involved in pointing out the DSI officers to search the condominium in Huai Khwang.
Thonglor investigators collect wife, steal car, sell to neighboring countries|Thonglor police arrested a couple Charges of conspiracy to commit burglary and possession of a motorcycle The couple was found to have stolen a motorcycle and sold it to a neighboring country at 13.30 hours on January 29, 2023 at Thonglor Police Station. Senator, Capt. Surit Luangwong, Capt. Suvapichaya Somchat, Deputy Senator and Investigation Department Thonglor police arrested Mr. Phitsanu, 32, and his wife, Ms. Piyawaraporn, 32, were charged with "conspiracy to commit burglary at night using a vehicle or picking up thieves" and four motorcycles on Jan. 11. Investigators at Thonglor Police Station received a report that a Honda Wave was stolen at a PTT gas station on Rama 4 Road, Phra Khanong Subdistrict, Khlong Toei District, Bangkok. According to the preliminary investigation, the accused knew that Mr. Phitsanu NO OCCUPATION AND NO MAIN SOURCE WILL RELY ON DAILY RENTAL ROOMS AND MOVE PLACES AND PATROL THE CAR IN THE COMMUNITY SUCH AS MARKETS AND GAS STATIONS FOR MORE THAN 2 YEARS BOTH IN BANGKOK AND THE VICINITY AND WILL PASS IT ON TO INTERMEDIARIES TO EXPORT THE CAR TO NEIGHBORING COUNTRIES WILL RECEIVE 20,000 BAHT PER SPONSORED CAR. The police investigating department was able to seize 4 vehicles. The police are aware of the case and are in the process of tracking down the case.
P.W.5 filed a court to increase the sentence of the former P.O.S. 177 kg of ice transported from jail for repeat offences.|P.O. Box 5 Former police officer sentenced to life in prison P.S. 177 kg of ice was found in jail for 8 years, just got out of jail for 62 years, returned to repeat offenses, revealed the value of the medium more than 1,500 million baht. If it reaches a third country in the case of the Provincial Investigation Police Region 5 together with the police. Mae Phrik police arrested Mr. Somchai Promchai, former anti-narcotics police officer Rank Police Sergeant driving a gray van License Plate Ho 1910 Bangkok 177 kilograms of large ice lot at forest junction checkpoint Mae Phrik District Mae Phrik District, Lampang Province In the early morning hours of January 27, 2019, Lt. Gen. Piya Tavichai was arrested. P.O.C. 5 with representatives from the Office of Narcotics Prevention and Suppression Region 5 and soldiers from the Northern Border Narcotics Management Center or S.E.O.S.C. Inspected 177 kilograms of ice seized. It states that all intermediate items have a domestic value of about 500 million baht, and if sent to a third country, the price will increase 3 times or about 1,500 million baht.  Upon interrogation, Mr. Somchai confessed to using the vehicle to transport drugs several times. This time, take the drug from Mae Taeng district, Chiang Mai province, and send it to ang thong province by choosing a secondary route from Chiang Mai to Pa Sang district. Li District, Lamphun Province before entering A.Thein BUT HE DID NOT SURVIVE BEING CAUGHT AT MAE PHRIK SPONSORED DISTRICT. Piya said the accused confessed and reached out to the network involved. No police or government officials were involved and the investigation was extended to make further arrests. Mr Somchai is a former police officer. He was arrested with a quantity of methamphetamine, was dismissed and prosecuted in 2010, and was jailed for eight years and acquitted in 2019. In this case, he ordered the officers to investigate the owner of the case. Submit to the court a request for heavy punishment because it is a repeat offense. After this, if the investigation finds that there are government officials involved, they will be prosecuted.  Pol. Maj. Gen. Piya said that the Provincial Police Region 5 has been working to intercept and crack down on narcotics intensively, from October 1, 2022 to January 30, 2023, arresting 3,068 drug cases, 2,219 suspects, and seizing 29 million methamphetamine tablets and 1,041 kilograms of ice.
The cyber police, in the case of "Macau 888", tried every way for the accused to surrender. |The Police Commissioner said the 888 Macau case will be searched at several other locations. Gather evidence to prevent the accused from fighting the case, as well as pressure on those outside the country to surrender. While Zico's testimony was helpful, Mys requested to meet sq. Feb. 10 at 2 p.m. on Feb. 4, 2023, at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Chief Of Staff 1 Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon Police officers investigated technological crimes. Attend meetings to monitor case progress. Macau 888 was launched more than 2 hours after the meeting. Pol. Gen. Worawat said today's meeting was a follow-up meeting on Feb. 3, including questioning witnesses and the accused, in order to gather evidence. Further investigations will be conducted, and several additional checkpoints will be conducted. To gather more evidence very tightly. Prevent the accused from fighting the case by following several EP steps. The police will make every effort. Even if the accused is abroad, they will continue to work to pressure the accused to surrender. If you are abroad, you can issue an arrest warrant. The police were not involved in helping the accused escape. Because since Dew Arisara. Post that story. The suspects immediately fled. The interrogation of the accused and the two arrested witnesses was very helpful, saying that they were close friends of the group, and even though they denied that they were just players, it was helpful that there was a real play. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat said that for Mr. Napromnus Sangkhasap or Mais, 39, the financial administrator of the online gambling website "Macau 888", the owner of an energy drink company that police searched yesterday and another partner. Both are currently in Hong Kong, where they have been on vacation before. Mr Mys has sent someone to coordinate with the police, who will meet with the investigators on February 10, but has not yet formally coordinated them. Whether or not the 4B brothers have any connection to the movement is under investigation, gathering evidence, but admitting to having a connection. But the financial path still can't be answered. As for the arrest warrant, at the moment, it is not known who it is. Let's stay in the police action in the next thorough investigation.
Police say a 54-year-old man was killed when he stabbed a man in the neck.|Police in Thawatchburi police have arrested a 54-year-old man accused of killing a man who was killed in front of a mulberry center with a knife. Ref The deceased had attempted to injure him and therefore defended himself from the case on January 3, 2023 at 4.30 p.m. Lt. Col. Chittipat Worawat, Deputy Inspector Of Investigation, Thawatchburi Police Station, was informed that there was an unnatural death of a man. Inside the house In front of The Mulberry Center, Niwet Subdistrict, Thawatchburi District, Roi Et Province, therefore, the investigation team was ready to investigate and rescue Asok Thawatchburi, a doctor at Thawatchburi Hospital, the police forensics police of Roi Et province where the accident occurred in the courtyard. In front of a one-story cement house about 50 meters from the concrete road in the village, the body of a man was found lying on his side covered in blood, wearing a gray long-sleeved shirt and a brown T-shirt. Navy shorts died at the scene. The body was found with sharp objects on the occipital region, left cheekbone, front neck and back, and a grassy scythe was found in a white sack next to the body in his right hand. The name of the deceased is Mr. Bhirasak Randommat. 51 years old, villager 5.5 km T.Niwet The doctor, along with investigators and forensic police, collected fingerprints and collected evidence at the scene. Send the body for dissection at the Forensic Department of Roi Et Hospital to expedite the collection of evidence, speed up the tracking of the culprit to continue the caseSPONSORED at 3.00 p.m. on January 4, 2023. Roi Et Provincial Police has arrested the perpetrators in front of Maha Sarakham Provincial Prison, Wang Naeng Subdistrict, Mueang District, Maha Sarakham Province. His name is Mr. Jatuporn Montri Primary (the perpetrator), 54 years old, a villager. M.15 T.Niwet The perpetrator confessed to having actually committed the crime by wearing a green prom silk hat and a green shirt. A brown long-sleeved shirt, orange tracksuit pants, and a kitchen knife about 15 cm long with blood stains on it. Therefore, the police seized the central items and detained them and sent them to the investigating officer, Thawatchburi Police Station. Continue to investigate the perpetrators. Mr. Jatuporn Montree Primary School The 54-year-old said that before the incident, the deceased had come to harvest grass inside the fence of his house. It is claimed that the deceased had tried to harm him first. Using a grass scythe to harm him. He went to self-defense by stabbing the deceased with a kitchen knife, causing the deceased to fall asleep first. He then walked away. In order to go to the grandmother's house in Nakhon Ratchasima province, a news report informed that the police officers Thawatchburi police detained the perpetrator with a knife and a knife to examine forensic evidence. From the middle item found was a bloody kitchen knife. Found in the pocket of the perpetrator to gather evidence. REPORT ALLEGATIONS OF FURTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.SPONSORED
Police officer killed, killed in garbage pit, jealous of woman lover, still dating Tom to strangle his hand (video)|Got himself, and then a brutal killer killed, strangled a girl, wrapped a corpse, placed on a car. He went to an abandoned garbage pit after fleeing to the old city. Investigators followed the neck with the car. At first, I made a tongue play that I didn't make a mistake. When he was subjected to heavy interrogation and surrendered evidence, he confessed. The claimant begged the deceased to break up with Tom to get together. When he refused, he was unconsciously strangled by blood on his face. Lay down and hug the corpse in the morning before throwing it away in camouflage. While plotting to kill his girlfriend, Tom and his relatives, he is accused of savage murder. Ms. Kotchaphon or Aew Kumprasit, 37, was brutally wrapped in a yellow duvet and thrown in an abandoned garbage pit in Ban Ra Padna area. District 4 After the incident, the police tracked down the suspect until he knew the name of the culprit was Mr. Phitsanu or Boy Mohajit, 34 years old, a professional security guard. Addressing house no. 498 Moo 8, Mae Sam Subdistrict, Si Satchanalai District, Sukhothai Province, after making an appointment for the deceased who was in a relationship with Tom to meet in a rented room before disappearing. Officers obtained evidence from closed-circuit footage of the assailants wrapping the deceased's body in front of the car. The police took it away in camouflage while dispersing the chase to prosecute the case at 02.00 a.m. on February 4. Sri mahabodhi ordered the investigation team to go to the area. Bang Sai, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya To follow up and arrest Mr. Phitsanu. The killer was brutal after learning that the culprit had fled and hid in the area. Before getting ready with the car, Honda Icon orange-white without license plate. Escape vehicles Taken to the police station for questioning. S.P.R.A. Initially, the accused denied it, but after a hard examination, the officers had evidence from closed-circuit footage and forensic evidence to confirm it. Finally, the accused pleaded guilty that same afternoon. Maj. Gen. Wittaya Nucha Chief of Staff, Prachinburi Province, with Lt. Col. Kongsak Boonmediasuwan Deputy Chief of Police Prachinburi and Pol. Col. Ponganan Raksachart, Director of The Police Department and investigators jointly held a press conference to arrest Mr. Phitsanu. He said that although the accused initially denied it, because of the evidence, he confessed to killing the deceased. The reason is the original. Miss Kotchaporn, the deceased, lived with Tom and came to be in a relationship with Mr. Phitsanu. The accused did not want the deceased to be with Tom again. "The accused claimed that during the fight, he was so angry that he strangled his hands and strangled him when the deceased passed away, before hugging the corpse all night and waiting until dawn to dispose of the body. Initially, the accused insisted that he did not take drugs, claiming that he did it because he loved the deceased very much, wanting the woman to be with him permanently. The deceased refused to make a noise and unknowingly strangled him." Prachinburi police initially charged him with intentional killing and burying. Concealing, moving or destroying the corpse to conceal the death or cause of death After the press conference, the police detained the accused to make a plan to assemble the first confession in the room where the crime occurred. The accused claimed to have strangled him. And the second spot in the garbage pit area. The body of the deceased was placed on the car. Go discard. During the plan, there were relatives and Miss Piyawan Promson. Tom and the deceased's boyfriend come to see the accused in a fit of rage. The police had to come out to prevent the incident before immediately returning to the hotel. The deceased's mother, Wandee Kumprasit, 82, said she wanted to punish the accused for 20 years in exchange for her daughter's life. If you're going to apologize, I'm going to say no, I'm not going to forgive.
Search luxury condo Find the "Benz Damon" image Macau 888 suspects fleeing |Cyber police crack down online gambling network "Macau888" EP3 The police searched a luxury condo, Benz Damon, one of the accused. Former sweetheart of "Dew Arisara" actress Closed circuit images were found. The cargo fled 3 days ago at 10.00 a.m. on February 5, 2023. Chief Of Staff, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachoki, Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Chief Of Staff 1, Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon 2nd Lieutenant With operational force and commando force. Operation to break up the online gambling network "Macau888" EP3 Search room no. 124, 38th floor, Mark Condominium, Sukhumvit Road, Klongton, Wattana. It is a luxury condominium in the heart of the city, priced at more than 40 million baht per room, belonging to Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon, 38 years old, who is accused under a criminal court arrest warrant for "jointly organizing play or trickery, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in the game, which is not authorized by the authorities and jointly laundering money"SPONSORED from the discovery of only empty rooms. There are signs of demolition and removal of belongings earlier. A closed-circuit inspection revealed that the property had been removed since the middle of the night on Feb. 2, using a privately owned transport vehicle. Meanwhile, cyber police have deployed 30 network participants nationwide.
Hanuman Lui Roi Et Catch thieves above the clouds, "Young Sergeant" takes 32 pumps.|Special Operations Unit "Hanuman Garrison" 32 gas stations throughout the Northeast, who are actually the same gas station girls, choose to act Friday, Saturday and Sunday with money saved in the safe. Finally, he stopped his record at 6 a.m. on Feb. 5. Commanding Officer Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel Lt. Col. Pornsak Laurujiralai, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Wiwat Chitsopapakul, 3rd Lt. Col. Suriyasak Jirawat, 3rd Lt. Col. Sarawut Thongnoi, Lt. Col. Minister Panchu klang Lt. Col. Nattanai Sikhaetri, 3rd Kg., Army, led the force with the special operations unit "Hanuman Garrison" with full weapons. A search warrant was executed in Roi Et Provincial Court to search 2 targeted areas in Roi Et province. Mr. Marut Aghadsri, 33 years old and Ms. Phusnisa Prasertsang The 26-year-old was arrested in Roi Et Provincial Court No. 44 and 45/2023 respectively dated February 3, 2023 for "conspiring to commit burglary in a residential area at night by breaking barriers for the protection of persons or property and using a vehicle to facilitate the commission of an offence or taking the property". T.Niwet The residence of Mr. Marut and Ms. Phusnisa, two of the main accused. The house was found to be a one-story house. Gated The officer then called to acknowledge it, but no one walked out. Hanuman Garrison Officer Decided to bring steel cutters to cut the key to the gate. Before arrest Mr. Marut said that he informed the accused before searching the house to search for additional evidence, initially found steel cutting equipment, a Mazda pickup truck, registration BOR 3267 Yasothon, a mobile phone, cctv cameras of various gas stations and several others. Nong Phai A.Thawatburi, Roi Et province, is the parent house of Ms. Phusnisa, from the investigation, found Ms. Phusnisa actually came to hide at that house. The officers then showed up and arrested him and searched the house. As of January 2023 The Police Department received the case. Complaints from PT gas station companies that criminals have tampered with pt gas station safes at various branches in 14 northeast provinces, totaling 32 locations, totaling more than 2 million baht. Among these were some pumps where the mob used firearms to intimidate passing security guards while carrying out the attack. After learning about the incident, the police searched the area for clues and believed that the 32 cases were probably the work of the same gangster. Make it a movement. As each attack, these gangsters will use tampering equipment, wearing helmets to camouflage their faces, and gloves. It leaves no trace of fingerprints or even shadows for cctv cameras to capture even a split second. They usually choose to commit crimes every Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, and patrol each gas station before planning an action. In addition, it is believed that it is probably the workmanship of insiders because they know the process of collecting money from the pump. Usually, each pump will deposit the cash from the sale of petrol to the bank on a daily basis except Friday, Saturday and Sunday, making the cash in the safe more than a weekday worth doing. The reason is because they believe that the authorities cannot trace it. This caused a loophole for officers to find important clues, namely the vehicle used to commit the crime from closed-circuit footage along various roads. The suspects were Ms. Phusnisa, manager of PT gas station Yasothon branch, and her husband, Marut, and found clues that in the middle of the night of February 3 and into the early morning of February 4, the couple drove out of their homes in Roi Et province, patrolling the area of Maha Sarakham, Khon Kaen and Udon Thani provinces before deciding to take action to break the door inside one of the PT gas station offices in the area. However, since the safe or the place to collect money was not found, the criminals were unable to successfully steal the money this time. Before driving back to hide at a house in Roi Et province, the officers rushed to plan a raid and arrested him according to the investigation. Mr. Marut, the husband Plead guilty personal Ms. Phusnisa, his wife, is still in custody for a thorough interrogation.
Seven other victims of ex-social security lawyers have been arrested and charged by police.|The Metropolitan Police Commissioner said he was preparing to call seven other victims of the alleged crimes against the Metropolitan Police's Investigation Division and a team of PCT5 planning analysts. Mr. Pongsakorn or Chai Supakornmongkolchai, 43 years old, a former lawyer, accused according to 3 arrest warrants of Chiang Mai District Court No. 407/2561 dated October 16, 2018 for embezzlement and Prachuap Khiri Khan Provincial Court No. 90/2563 And criminal court No. 35/2023 dated February 2, 2023. After using the profile of a good-looking man to lure a depressed girl into sleeping through a dating app and scamming more than 1.5 million baht, he was arrested in Samut Prakan area. The names of the victims were found in a large number of central diary, according to a news release dated February 5, 2023. The police chief said the case was brought by the officers. Mr. Pongsakorn Supakornmongkolchai, the accused, went to the Criminal Court yesterday. Preliminary examination in the diary of the central government was seized from the accused. Seven female victims have been identified, two of whom have now been contacted, and both will be called for interrogation. The authorities will ask for the detention of the accused Pongsakorn, who was sent to detention earlier. Come to report further allegations. After the collection of evidence is completed. AFTER THIS, IF THERE ARE ANY ADDITIONAL VICTIMS OR ANY PROGRESS, THE MEDIA WILL BE INFORMED.SPONSORED
Lightning strikes Burmese workers at construction sites in the middle of the city Before the eyes of friends|Minute shock Burmese construction worker struck by lightning While pouring mortar on the 21 th floor in front of the eyes of his friends, The Director of The Bang Sue Yan Police Department was an accident. It was not negligence from work at 3:50 p.m. on February 5, 2023. Bangsue Police Department received a report of a person who died when he was struck by lightning at a construction site. A building On Phaholyothin Road, Chom Phon Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok, together with the volunteer staff of the Foundation, the scene of the accident is a high-rise building under construction. A worker was found helping to pump his heart. Mr. Ong Thu Cho, 21 years old, Myanmar Construction workers struck by lightning While working on pouring mortar, the pillars of the building were on the 21 floor of the rooftop of the construction. A fellow worker tried to help pump the heart, but was unsuccessful. Finally, Mr. Ong Thu Cho died. Mrs. Nianji, 37, a Myanmar national, was the sister of the deceased, who was a worker at the same construction site. The cause of death was not known to have been an accident. The worker confirmed that while pouring mortar on the 21 th floor, when it rained heavily and lightning struck him, Mr. Ong Thu Cho was struck by lightning in the eyes of his friends. Mrs. Nianji, wishing to get her brother's body to be handled according to religious traditions, said Lt. Col. Power, who said the incident was an accident. It is not negligence from work or control of work in any way. Those involved will be called to investigate for clarity again. But because such a death was an accident that was struck by lightning. Therefore, the body must be taken to the Institute of Forensic Medicine. Police General Hospital AUTOPSY TO DETERMINE THE TRUE CAUSE OF DEATH CONTINUES.SPONSORED
The fire broke out at the Provincial Police Training Center Region 2. Expect a short circuit.|A fire broke out in a meeting room inside the Provincial Police Training Center. 2 (Khao Noi Police School) A short circuit is expected at 6:40 p.m. on February 5, 2023. Tisala S.W. (investigation) Chonburi Police Department has been informed that there is a fire inside the Provincial Police Training Center Region 2 or Khao Noi Police School. Moo 7 T.Bansuan Therefore, they went to check with fire trucks from Bang Sai Municipality, Fire Department. Bangplasroi, Fire extinguisher from MTB 14, Fire from Ban Suan Municipality, Fire from Chonburi Province, Fire from Chonburi Municipality, Fire from Chonburi Municipality A total of 10 vehicles and the Thamrasamimanirat Foundation rescue team found a fire inside the old meeting room of Khao Noi Police School, a two-story, half-timbered building. Firefighters rushed to spray water for about an hour. But the fire burned down the entire conference room. Initially, no one was injured, but eyewitnesses said that before the incident, a loud noise was heard, and it was expected that the fire and sparks would rise quickly. Strong winds caused the fire to burn rapidly. As for the cause of the fire, we have to wait for the police to prove the evidence part 2 to investigate thoroughly again to determine the cause of this fire.
Seizure of 4.6 million methamphetamine tablets and 133 kg of ice|Valerian series Mae Fah Luang Police Station Seized more than 4 million methamphetamine pills in straw sacks. Another 133 kilograms of ice on Feb. 5, 2023. Capt. A.A. Nitithorn Kornsawan, Deputy Senator, Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai Patrol forces set up extraction points on border roads. Sam yak ban pa yang akha Moo 16, Mae Fah Luang, Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai Found a pickup truck brand Isuzu. Blue 4 doors, Chiang Rai registration, driving from Ban Huai Pu route. Moo 11, Mae Fah Luang Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai province comes close to the extraction point. The pickup truck suddenly came to a stop, and quickly drove backwards. The officer then drove the vehicle in pursuit. The pickup truck was found to have fallen 100 metres from the checkpoint and the driver fled. The car keys were still plugged in when a search of the car revealed a large number of straw sacks. And at the back of the pickup, there is a sliding lid that opens and hides a lot of similar straw sacks. Therefore, the said car was inspected at Mae Fah Luang Police Station and found 23 sacks of methamphetamine contained in straw sacks, 200,000 tablets each, including 4,600,000 methamphetamine tablets and 7 sacks of ice. There is the English letter GUANYIN WANG with Chinese in the middle, the top has the number 88888, there are 5 stars on the top, a total of 133 bags, 1 kilogram each, including 133 kilograms of ice.
Arrested 32 pumps across Isaan, lost more than 2 million, confessed to death|The Police Department led a special operation unit "Hanuman Prab" Lui, Roi Et province, to blockade 2 checkpoints, arrest 2 thieves and patrol more than 30 PT gas stations throughout Isaan, earning more than 2 million baht in cash. He pleaded guilty to causing the crime because his husband lost his job and did not have money to pay off his home loan and owed money outside the system on February 5, 2023. Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Commanding Officer Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel Lt. Col. Pornsak Laurujiralai, Deputy Chief of Staff Lt. Col. Wiwat Chitsopapakul, 3rd Lt. Col. Suriyasak Jirawat, 3rd Lt. Col. Sarawut Thongnoi, 3rd Lt. Col. Lieutenant Colonel Panchu klang, 3rd Lt. Col. Nattanai Sikhaetri, 3rd Lt. Col. Lead the force with the fully armed Hanuman Special Operations Squadron. A search warrant was executed in Roi Et Provincial Court to search the target's house at 2 points and arrest him. Mr. Marut Aghadsri, 33 years old and Ms. Phusnisa Prasertsang 26 years old, husband and wife, according to the arrest warrant of Roi Et Provincial Court No. 44-45/2566 dated February 3, 2023, charged with "conspiring to commit burglary in a residential area at night by breaking barriers for the protection of persons or property, and using a vehicle to facilitate the offense or taking the property". 8 T.Niwet It is the home of Mr. Marut and Ms. Phusnisa, the main accused. It was found to be a single-storey, gated house. Upon arrival, the officer called to acknowledge that the police had come to ask for a search, but no one would walk out and open the door. Hanuman's forces decided to bring in steel cutters to cut the key to the gate. Mr. Marut was found alone inside the house. Present an arrest warrant and report the allegations. Searching for evidence, found steel cutting machine equipment. Mazda pickup truck, Yasothon registration, vehicle used in the incident, mobile phone, CCTV of the various gas stations involved in the incident, and several other evidence. The officer then recorded the seizure as a neutral item. The second target is a house in the area. Nong Phai It is the home of his parents. Ms. Phusnisa was found to have fled and was hiding, so she presented a warrant for her arrest and detained her for questioning and prosecution. Jan 2023 Police have received complaints from PT gas stations that a gang of criminals has hijacked safes inside various PT pumps in 14 provinces in the Northeast, including 32 locations, and received more than 2 million baht in cash. Among these were some pumps where the mob used violence by using guns to intimidate security guards who came to witness the incident after learning about the incident. Lt. Col. Wiwat Chitsopakul, 3rd Lt. Col. The police are searching the area for clues until there is information linking that all 32 incidents are likely to be the same gangsters. Since each crime is skillfully tampered with, wearing a helmet to camouflage the face, wearing gloves, so that there are no traces of latent fingerprints or even facial images for CCTV cameras to record while taking action. Based on all the information obtained from the investigation, it is believed that it is probably the workmanship or the insiders who provided information because they knew the collection process of the pumps, that each pump normally deposits the cash from the sale of petrol to the bank every day except Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, resulting in more cash in the safe than usual. It's worth doing, and you know the security system in the pump very well. The patrol continued to act fearlessly against the law because it believed that the officers could not trace the arrest. The officers found important clues: the information of the pickup truck used to commit the crime from closed-circuit footage along various roads near the crime scene. The investigation expanded to reveal that the perpetrators were Ms. Phusnisa, who was the manager of a PT gas station in Yasothon branch, and her husband, Marut, and found information that in the middle of the night of February 3 and the morning of February 4, the couple drove the pickup truck that was used to commit the crime every time out of their homes in Roi Et province, patrolling the neighboring provinces of Maha Sarakham, Khon Kaen and Udon Thani provinces before deciding to break into the door of one of the PT gas station offices in the area. However, since the safe or money was not found, he drove back to hide at his home in Roi Et province. Investigators decided to plan a raid and arrest the suspect. Mr. Marut and Ms. Phusnisa, two thieves' wives, confessed that the reason why they decided to walk the thief's line was because they wanted to find money to use for informal debts and pay debts related to houses and cars. Ms. Phusnisa, who works as a manager of a PT gas station in Yasothon province. After that, the arresting officers detained the couple for making a plan to make a confession at a PT gas station at Thawatchburi 3 branch, located along Roi Et-May Phanom Phrai Road. Then take the case to the investigating officer, Thawatchburi Police Station, to follow the legal procedures. It was also reported that, based on the examination of the work history of Ms. Phusnisa was found to have been awarded the Outstanding Branch Manager award in Yasothon province before she was arrested.
1 killed, 1 injured, 1 injured|2 Old City Blatant The 15-year-old was chased and twisted away by a ping pong bomb that he carried in his shirt to protect himself, killing 1 and injuring 1 on February 5, 2023. Capt. Thavorn Sangsai Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Bang Pa-in police received a report of a person who was shot dead with a firearm. The incident occurred at the entrance of Soi 9, Ban Lane. Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Therefore, they went to investigate, together with the investigating police officers, forensic police officers, doctors, Bang Pa-in Hospital, and Ayutthaya Association rescue officers gathered at the scene of the accident to find the body. Mr. A (pseudonym), aged 15, lay dead wearing a long-sleeved denim shirt. Cover over a blue round neck T-shirt. There are burns, tears. A black Honda Wave 125 motorcycle with Bangkok registration was found near the intersection, according to an inquiry. Mr. B (pseudonym) aged 15, a friend of the deceased, whose arm was covered with scabs, testified that he and the deceased were riding motorcycles to shop, and when they found a group of about 7 teenagers driving 4 motorcycles following them, they told the deceased to flee until they arrived at the scene and were shot at by a group of teenagers using ping pong bombs and firearms to shoot at them. The police did not believe the testimony because the wounds of the deceased were unlikely to be gunshot wounds because the shirt was torn and burned, more likely caused by ping pong bombs that had been made and exploded. Facebook Story If they encounter a group, they will physically harm them. He and his friends were wary, carrying knives and explosives until they came across the antagonist and drove after each other and used firearms to shoot each other until the car fell. The bomb in the shirt exploded. This caused the death of his friend and he was injured. THE KNIFE WAS COLLECTED BEFORE THE POLICE ARRIVED. Mr. C (given name) Another friend of the deceased said that usually after school, a group of them would gather on Soi 9, admitting that there was Ari and the enemy. At about 8.00 pm, the deceased and the injured went out to buy cigarettes, so he told the deceased to come back quickly, then hugged his friend, who did not think that this hug would be the last hug, until he heard gunshots and 2 loud explosions. The police will conduct a thorough investigation of eyewitnesses. Cctv footage was also reviewed along the route to track down a group of teenagers who were chasing the deceased to see if a firearm had been fired. The body of the deceased has been sent to the rescue officer to submit an autopsy at Thammasat Chalermprakiet Hospital to determine the cause of death according to the legal procedures.
Search luxury car warehouse Benz Damon Cyber chief warns The more you flex, the more you will be hit. |Cyber Director Macau 888 network to be searched for luxury car warehouses in Krungthep Kreetha district denies news Damon Contact surrender Warning, the more people around you get hit. As for "The Bright Defenders". The younger brother will be cleared of disciplinary action at Suvarnabhumi Police Station tomorrow and will invite him to check for connections at 09.00 a.m. on February 6. Chief Of Staff In the case of the expansion of the Macau 888 network, the company said it will search the luxury car warehouse of "Benz Damon" or Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn in Krungthep Kreetha area. In the case of Lt. Col. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or The Bright Division. Deputy Inspector General of Suvarnabhumi Airport T.M.2 He was detained at Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station for 7 days due to police discipline and will be due to be detained on February 7. He said the agency has been expanding its search for links to the network and is continuing to operate, particularly in depth the issue of two popular pubs, Dope & Derty in Ekkamai and Onyx. RCA district to determine whether or not they are partners and connected to the 4B sibling group. Find useful information and be able to expand on it. THIS IS EVIDENT FROM THE ONGOING OPERATIONS OVER THE PAST SEVERAL DAYS. The investigation is underway to track down a group of 4 brothers and sisters, including Mr. Kavinwat Keskovit, acting as a programmer, and Mr. Napanus Sangkhasap. Mr. Chakkrit watched the right-hand man Benz Damon and Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek take care of the luxury car tent and luxury garage for Benz Damon, which according to some investigations is in the country. Some of them have left the country, which confirms that the case has been fully investigated by the police. If evidence is found, it will be amplified, leading to arrests, including such cases. He was charged with money laundering offences. If the financial path is found to be linked to any person, they must be invited to investigate and testify, which has been warned to the four brothers. B. The more you flex, the more people around you hit. He also denied the news that "Benz Damon" or Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn and Mr. Napanus Sangkhasap or Mys. He has not yet contacted the authorities. 
Engineer sings Big Joke being attacked by Pol. Maj. Gen. Cohort, the owner of a gambling website, ordering his subordinates to attack|The Silk Road admin must survive. Take a young engineer, a programmer, a famous gambling website. Singing Big Joke claimed to be a police officer with the rank of "Pol. Maj. Gen." The owner of a gambling website, a classmate with "Big Joke", ordered his subordinates to carry out the assault. After the decline in web revenue, I was suspected of doing a complaint at 10.30 a.m. on February 6. Mr. Ekaphop Yellowprasert, administrator of saimai page, must survive at the police club. Mr. Universe and his team took the victim as a young engineer, a well-known gambling website programmer, claiming to have been attacked by a police officer of the rank of "Pol. Maj. Gen." The owner of a gambling website who is a classmate with "Big Joke". Ordered his subordinates to carry the assault until he was injured. The reason is because web owners are not satisfied with the decline in web revenue. He threatened that if he cheated, he would kill the whole house. After the web owner removes the server to check. No abnormalities were found, so he was released, Pol. Gen. Surachet said, ordering an investigation and investigation. Thoroughly interrogate the victims and ensure fairness to all parties. If a police officer is found to be involved, they will prosecute the case to the end, even if they are their friends.
Not visiting the Red Cross, the deputy went on a rampage, shot, throwing grenades at the perforated rescue vehicle. |The rescue car at Nang Rong Buriram turned on the flashing lights to "send you home" to be safe after the first night of the Red Cross event, but was shot by a teenager and thrown a ping pong grenade at him. Police tracked down 4 people and fled 10 others at 1 a.m. on Feb. 6, 2023, when a group of teenagers fired and threw grenades at the siamese rescuers' car. While on duty at the Red Cross A.Nangrong Buriram The car was subsequently damaged. Pol. Col. Kampol Wongsanguan, director of the Nang Rong Police Department, ordered the fast-moving outfit to pursue the culprit until he found the pickup truck. Ford Cab gray, registration no. 7788 Buriram, was able to catch a group of 4 teenagers aged 17-20 years, all of whom were residents. And there was a group of about 10 teenagers running away from Mr. Warabdin Rungrojchaikul. Rescue chief Siam Ruamjai Puin said they had been asked to join the police team. In order to prevent teens from fighting at the Red Cross event of Nang Rong District, the police controlled the situation inside the Red Cross and had to drive with flashing lights on the street after work according to the project "Send the child home". TEENS REGULARLY TRAP EACH OTHER OUTSIDE OF WORK WHILE DRIVING WITH FLASHING LIGHTS ON THE STREET. About 10 people were seen sitting in the back of the vehicle, so they drove along to give way, and the vehicle was parked in front of a convenience store. The group of teenagers then turned to the rescue vehicle. Five officers inside the vehicle opened fire on the rescue vehicle. The teens also threw ping pong bombs at cars. Damage to the car. Fortunately, no officers were injured in the incident, admitting that the officers were panicked because the rescue vehicle was a vehicle to rescue people. There were no weapons, only bags of medicine and equipment to help those who suffered. Police initially seized three hook knives, one 55cm long knife and two pointed knives. Because they weren't old, and they were kicked home. Do not stand in front of the entrance.
Unfold the general. A. Open online casino, used to live in Chonburi, jok, friends, can not be caught.|The engineer's case cried Big Joke. Major General Police Officer The owner of a gambling website and a big joker. Order your subordinates to stomp. The incident occurred in Chonburi and this policeman used to serve there. Also suspected of the death of a senior friend. He did not die in an accident, but may have been silenced at 10.30 a.m. on February 6, 2023. The founder of the Silk Road page must survive. Take Mr. A (pseudonym), a young engineer, to meet him. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Police at the Association of Investigating Officers, Police Club Vibhavadi Rasit Road After the victim was physically attacked by a group of online gambling website owners in mid-January, Mr. Universe He said the victims had decided to go to Sai Mai page for help, saying they had been physically attacked by a group of online gambling companies and injured. There are traces of bruises on the face and on the body. The incident occurred in mid-January. In Chonburi province, the victim, who lost his job during COVID and was persuaded by a senior friend. He died in an accident. He worked this year for the third year before being physically assaulted due to a fall in gambling sites. The victims also identified the owner of the online gambling website as a senior police officer. Pol. Maj. Gen. is affiliated with a commanding station, but has not yet asked to disclose details and will have Pol. Gen. Surachet as the recipient of this information to investigate. Also this morning, a group of people involved made phone calls threatening the victim's mother. That doesn't give a complaint. Otherwise, the family will not be safe, please be careful, do not do this, because even this matter must be carried out to the end, and from checking such gambling sites in the morning, it is no longer possible to access the serviceSPONSORED for the name and page of the online gambling site that the victim has brought as evidence, such as sexy789, bo789, etc. Mr. A also revealed that he worked as a website administrator to respond to customer chats, which this gambling website opened in many names, but he was responsible for only 3 websites with a turnover of more than 100 million baht per month. One of the websites he was in charge of the fall was taken by 2 able-bodied men, a subordinate of the owner of a gambling website, to a coffee shop in Chonburi province before stomping on the body and threatening to confess that it was the cause of the fall of the gambling site. When he refuses, he will be physically abused continuously. Therefore, he had to decide to confess. Finally, when a group of able-bodied men took the computer server to check, they found no abnormalities, so they were released. While he was being assaulted, one of the perpetrators said he wanted to die like his brother. It is doubtful that the cause of death of this senior friend may not have been an accident. It also creates fear in the case of the owner of this online gambling site as a senior police officer. Mr A said he had met with the police officer three times, the first two of which were to discuss a gambling business plan. The third time I met him when I attended the funeral of a senior friend, he died. Every time I meet, I'm always half-dressed. As for the part that identifies as a colleague of Pol. Gen. Surachet, because he knows the name, and when checking the Internet, he can find this information. Pol. Gen. Surachet said he learned of the incident from The Silk Road page. And I'm ready to investigate the matter and ask the Silk Road page to save all the information. As for the damage caused, of course, it is a criminal offense for assault. In the case of a police officer making a gambling website, it is considered an officer who breaks the law himself. The same must be prosecuted. In case the website owner is his or her cohort If you make a mistake, you must promote it in the right way, and when you are a friend, you cannot be a friend or you cannot know each other. Confirm that there is absolutely no help. If the results of the interrogation reveal evidence of wrongdoing. There are two cases: 1. Request an arrest warrant from the Central Criminal Court of Corruption and Misconduct; 2.If there is an address as the main source and there is no circumstance of escape. He issued a summons to testify and report the charges. The P.P.C., in accordance with the procedure, Gen. Surachet also revealed that in the area of the inspection. The owner of this gambling site. It's not difficult to verify whether it's the actual owner or not. Also, when the gambling website is closed, it does not affect the investigation to the authorities. The police are responsible for enforcing the law, and I personally have information on this, but let's check it first. After this, the investigators will go to the crime scene to collect evidence and proceed to the next step.
Macau 888 gang seizes 2 Benz cars - still can't find Lamborghini Benz Damon|Cyber police continue to launch a raid on the "Macau 888" gambling gang, leading a blockade to search luxury car warehouses, seizing 2 Mercedes-Benz cars for inspection, but have not found the only Lamborghini in Thailand of "Benz Damon" priced at 100 million baht at 11.00 a.m. on February 6, 2023. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruaithanachote Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai Chief Of Staff 3 Maj. Gen. Chachapandakan, 1st Lt. Col. Kritchat Bamrungrattanayos, Deputy Chief of Staff Chief Of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Narawat Khampilo Deputy Chief of Staff 4 Lt. Col. Dejaraphi Kongdee, Deputy Chief of Army Staff Police Force B.S.C. Operation Macau 888 EP-4 was opened to search 3 locations in Bangkok and Nakhon Ratchasima to seize property believed to have been obtained from the offense of interest. Found a passenger car up to 7 seats brand Benz V8 (biturbo) AMG (G63) Silver bronze, registration Number 99, Bangkok, the owner of the car. Mr. Kittipong Kajornboonthavorn, a passenger car with a maximum of 7 seats, brand Benz G400D, white, registration number Red No. 5610, Bangkok, the owner of the car, Mr. Issara Kutchaiyakul The people of Mahasarakham province, programmers of the network PERSON ACCORDING TO ARREST WARRANTED POINT TWO OFFICERS Led the force to search the luxury car showroom on Pattanakarn Road. The latter has a clue that the Lamborghini mad bull liberty walk Aventador V2 of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon has been taken. 1 in 4 siblings parked at the showroom. However, so far no such vehicle has been found and a third spot has been searched. A garage in Nakhon Ratchasima province, which is Mr. Tu's garage or nicknamed Tu Korat, initially obtained information about 2 cars of Mr. Benz, consisting of a Nissan R32, a frame that had just raced in 2022, and a pink Nissan cerfiro, a race trainer. The main targets were the seizure of a Lamborghini mad bull liberty walk Aventador V2 belonging to Mr. Benz, as well as assets connected to the network. Two cars belonging to Mr. Kittipong Khajonboonthavorn were found. The Lamborghini mad bull liberty walk Aventador V2 is the only supercar in Thailand and the seventh in the world. The total price is 100 million baht. Which has the name of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon. It is currently being traced where it was hidden, because after the actress Dew Arisara posted about the incident, the slide car was moved to hide in warehouses and garages in Bangkok and vicinity. The owner of the company that found the 2 Mercedes will initially be interrogated as a witness and has not been charged. He said that 3 targets, 2 in Bangkok and 1 in Nakhon Ratchasima, were all linked to Mr. Benz. Damon Take the car to the decoration. Preliminary investigation is underway. As for the interrogation of the horse account accused, who was arrested yesterday, he pleaded guilty to the horse account issue. For the 13 main arrest warrants of the cyber police. NOW 7 PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ARRESTED, 6 ARE REMAINING, 5 PEOPLE HAVE FLED THE COUNTRY, AND 1 PERSON HAS NOT BEEN FOUND TO HAVE TRAVELLED TO THE KINGDOM. The cyber police have written to the immigration police commander asking for their cooperation to be interrogated as witnesses. This policeman has not been charged in the case.
Ms. Won Cyber police help bail money for parents in car crash, killed 500,000|A 16-year-old student sings to the media. More than 500,000 people were sucked from government bank accounts after being killed by a car. In a single day, there were 14 transfers, leaving only 800 accounts with no link pressed, never pressed to transfer, or answered call center gang calls. After 3 months of silence, the cyber police helped on February 6, 2023, the Nakhon Si Thammarat Press Association page posted a message that "Miss Kanokwan Ruangrit, 16 years old, complained that more than 500,000 baht was lost from her account. On November 5, 2022, one day, report to the police. Pak Phanang Police Station The case has not progressed." Miss Kanokwan Ruangrit, 16 years old, 4th grade student R.R. Streepakpanang Pak Phanang is in Moo 3, T. Hulong. Pak Phanang, Nakhon Si Thammarat with relatives He appealed for assistance to the Nakhon Si Thammarat Press Association. He told us about the past 2 years. He and his parents were involved in a car crash. This caused the death of his parents. He was seriously injured and slept in the hospital for almost 1 month after leaving the hospital, and he received more than 2 million 900,000 baht from insurance and accident insurance. All transferred to the account of Government Savings Bank, Pak Phanang branch, Nakhon Si Thammarat. Then they spent 1 million baht to buy savings tickets and another 1 million baht to buy lottery tickets. In the past, he spent more than 500,000 baht on scholarships. It appears that on November 5, 2022, 14 funds were transferred out of his account in a single day, 511,100 baht was lost from his account, leaving only 800 baht in his account. Pak Phanang police said their money had been sucked up to more than 500,000 baht. On November 5, 14 times in a single day, after reporting to the police, they contacted the Government Savings Bank, Pak Phanang branch, and received information that the transaction was made through the Government Savings Bank app. In the name of Miss Kanokwan Ruangrit to the name Ms. Waraporn Vichalek The first transfer starts at 300 baht and increases the transfer amount gradually within the same day 4,800 baht, 6,900 baht. THB, 9,600 And increase the transfer amount out 12,900 baht, 18,900 baht. THB, 30,000 THB, 10,000 THB, 38,000 THB, 81,000 THB, 120,000 THB, 180,000 The total amount transferred out of the account is 511,100 baht, leaving only 800 baht in the account. "In the past, despite having the Savings Bank app, I never pressed the transfer even once. Never clicked on a link, never played any online games, and never answered a call center gang call. I was puzzled and shocked at how the money disappeared, almost wiping over 500,000 baht. The bank is not responsible, the police cannot help at all, it has been 3 months, I want the relevant authorities or agencies responsible for this matter to come out and help. The cyber police department, in particular, wants to come down and help." Miss Kanokwan said finally.
Search the garage of the mechanic Korat, take a look at your favorite car, Benz Damon. Last talk in Jan 23|Cyber police search garage "Chang Tu Korat" after finding out about "Benz Damon" The accused in the "Macau 888" case brought his favorite car that used drift to service and modify before the race, revealing the last contact in January at 09.00 on February 6, 2023. Deputy Chief of Staff 2 B.S.C. Lead the force to search the hippo garage (U-Chang Tu Korat). Ban Mai District According to the EP.4 action plan, to find evidence of the connection of Mr. Chaiwat or Benz Damon Khajonboonthavorn, 38 years old, the eldest brother of the 4B family, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 316/2566 in the case of "jointly organizing play or making trickery, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in the play, which is not authorized by the authorities and jointly laundering money", which is the main suspect in the Macau 888 case. Bring your favorite car used for drift races to service and modify before the raceSPONSORED from the search. Mr. Sarpanya or Changtu Thongpleo, 33 years old, the owner of the garage, took him to see 2 of his favorite Benz Diamond, including a Nissan sedan. Sylvier Pink S13 with Nissan sedan The pink Sephiro with benz daemon stickers on both cars is used for drifting on the track, especially nissan sedans. Sylvier The pink S13 is a favorite car that Benz Damon often uses to compete on almost every side of the race. Mr. Sarpanya, or Chang Tu, testified that he was a mechanic for Mr. Benz's Daemon drift racing team and was only responsible for overseeing and serviced the Benz's drift vehicles. Once the race is completed, it will be serviced at the garage to wait for the next race. The last contact was in January before the news.
Rambo Isan Kwong sontiya arrests Veera-Identity for defamation case - Comp Act|"Rambo Isan" wielding "Sonthiya" police report Defamation of "Veera Somkid" and "Identity" and violation of the Computer Crime Act Accused of assaulting and defrauding lobbying bidders at 10.30 a.m. on February 6, 2023, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) reported that Mr. Seksakol Atthawong, or Rambo Isan, a former assistant to the Prime Minister and adviser to the Prime Minister, was present. Mr. Sonthiya Sawasdee, Former Advisor to the Commissioner for Law, Justice and Human Rights House of Representatives Meet Lieutenant Colonel Natchaya Wongrujipairoj, Deputy Commissioner of Investigation Kg.3 To prosecute Mr. Veera Somkid Chairman of The People's Network Against Corruption and Mr. Ekkadee Wareechol On charges of defamation by advertising and entering into the computer system with false statements, Mr. Seksakol said that on February 3, 2023, Mr. Veera and Mr. Ekkadee gave a press conference accusing him and his associates of assault. The reason is that mr. Identity came to pay for himself. He then complained to Mr. Veera that he had tricked him into lobbying money for Mr. Ekkadee to win the auction. The project in Bangkok, with a budget of nearly 600 million in 2020, claimed to have paid almost 2 million to itself, and photographed it as evidence, which is not true.  Mr. Seksakol said that the matter has already been filed several times against Mr. Identity. Since the beginning of 2022, however, Mr. Identity has refused to give up his leave, constantly harassing to discredit himself until the last time on January 23, 2023, while drinking coffee at Lat Phrao intersection. However, on January 30, 2023, Mr. Identity and Mr. Identity went to report to the police of Kannayao Police Station that they were ready to commit the assault and brought the cause of this assault from the case of lobbying charges in 2020 to complain to Mr. Veera Somkid. In that regard and accusing him of abuse of power, Mr. Veera did not examine the past story to see what the true story was. If he goes to get real money, ask to bring evidence, the size of the contractor that that side claims to come to testify for him, sponsored today, so he must bring all the evidence to report the case to the police with the police.
Young man punches him in the face, apologizes, claims to be drunk, intends to ask Mike to announce his search for girlfriend (video)|Surrendered, young Hao Peng punched Eh Jirakorn while singing on the stage of a popular restaurant in Pathum Thani, raising his hand to apologize. Claiming to be drunk and unconscious, drinking alcohol since the morning, came to follow his girlfriend, who is a PR at the store, intending to go up to ask Mike to announce the search for his girlfriend, but the card locked up, causing him to panic, swiping his hand to his face. The singer "Eh Jirakorn Sompitak" performed at a concert at Walk in 88, Prachathipat Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, and was physically attacked by a white-shirted man on stage and injured, according to the news release. Recent Progress At 2:30 p.m. on February 6, 2023, Mr. Thanawat Thongngam or Gene, 29 years old, lived. M2 Khlong Sam District Klongluang PathumThani province came to Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station to meet. Pol. Col. Apichart Thongpae, director of the Chulalongkorn Police Department, to identify himself as the person who appears in the video that went up to physically assault eh. While performing on stage until he was injured, Pol. Col. Apichart Thongpae, director of the Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Department, revealed that after the incident, he instructed the investigating officers to investigate the person who appears in the video and assaulted Eh. Mr. Thanawat Thongngam or Gene, who appears in the clip, wishes to show up to confirm that he is the person who appears in the clip. Ready to go to justice No charges have been filed so far. Wait for Eh to report the case and the perpetrator will be summoned to acknowledge the allegations. The shop owner who came to report the incident to the police was to see what was wrong, such as after the incident. Not paying for food may be considered food fraud. The prosecution may have to be divided into 2 parts: 1. assault, eh, 2. when the card pulls the perpetrator down. A total of 9 people were involved in the attack, some of whom were escorted by the store's guards. The card has already been reported and sent to the hospital for examination. Now we know all the information. The footage was examined based on the evidence. Prepare to issue a summons to bring a case against SPONSORED on the side. Mr. Thanawat Thongngam He revealed that on the day of the incident, he was drunk and went to the shop because his girlfriend was a PR at the shop for 4 years from 5 years of dating, who went on stage because he wanted to go to the mic to announce the search for his girlfriend because he couldn't find his girlfriend at the store. In the case of posting a photo about a firearm, it is a content creation because the picture is a BB gun of all 3 guns and posted since May 2022, on the day of the incident, he did not have a firearm with him and did not apologize to eh because he was shocked because the card came in and there was a protest. Apologize to society, please don't scold anyone. After this, I will stop drinking alcohol for the rest of my life. Maj. Gen. Apichart Thongpae, director of the Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Department, added that initially, according to the evidence, it would be considered an assault, but he had to look at Eh's wounds first. Mr. Eh was admitted to the hospital to examine his wounds. According to the video, fleas are likely to be slashed around the ears, may cause physical or mental harm to others, drunkenness and disorderly conduct with a fine, but it is important to see if the parties agree to the fine in the investigating officer's class. If they do not agree, they must submit themselves to the court for a fine. The restaurant may be involved in food fraud, but the restaurant's compensation is whether the owner will file a civil lawsuit, such as the inability to perform, while Pattanachai Lamka, 45, the owner of Walk in 88, said today that he had come to file a lawsuit against the perpetrators. Now, not paying for food is not the main issue, but it must be defended on the part of the artist: physical abuse. In part, the singer cannot perform. He hasn't focused on that yet. We must protect the artist first, with an appointment with the police before they meet today to report the prosecution.
Chief Of Staff Yan ordered a 7-day jail term for "The Bright Guard". 4 B. Macau Case No. 888.|Chief Of Staff Admittedly, it's called "The Bright Guys." 4 little brothers return to Thailand to show their innocence. The latter was found to be alluded to. The case of "Macau 888" with the confirmation of the actual detention order for 7 days after absenteeism, leaving abroad without permission at 2:00 p.m. on February 6, 2023, at the Immigration Bureau (TCTC). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom Immigration Commissioner Disclose the case of Lt. Col. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or The Bright Division. Subordinates related to the 4B fraternity in Macau case 888 that the former affiliation at But he was called to the office because he had outstanding ability and was sentenced to 7 days detention because he had traveled abroad before the official leave date. According to the policeman's travel information, he traveled to Hong Kong on January 16, which was 4 days before the scheduled leave date. He said the investigation into the Macau 888 case is the duty of the cyber police officer or the POLICE officer in charge of the case. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THE DETENTION SENTENCE WILL BE DUE ON FEBRUARY 7.
Chief Of Staff Police 110 Mr. Issued a gray Chinese gang visa - must revisit the weaknesses.|S.M. Breaking up fake visa companies Find hundreds of passports. Use the condo in the middle of the city as a place to act. Chief Of Staff Police Acceptance 110 Mr. Involved in visa forgery to allow gray Chinese funds to do business in Thailand at 2:00 p.m. on February 6, 2023 at the Immigration Bureau Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom Chief Of Staff The immigration police announced the results of the arrest. Ms. Angsana Kasemsuk, 34 years old, owner of a visa company The accused, according to the arrest warrant, had previously executed a search warrant to search the said company because there was evidence to believe that it was a company that accepted visas for foreign customers by forging visa stamps for foreigners who used the service. The results of the search, the officers found. Ms. Angsana The owner of the company and his subordinates, who after inspecting 700 passports of foreigners inside the house, some of them sneaked under the ceiling on the 2nd floor, some scattered on the 1st floor, so they checked that there were 124 passports with fake visa marks in the passports. Ms. Angsana from interrogation Ms. Angsana admits that she is the sole author of all fake visas. He agreed to lead police officers to search one of the condos he had rented. In Kannayao Subdistrict, Kannayao District, Bangkok, which is used to make fake visas into foreign passports. Some counterfeit visa equipment was found, such as the pen used to make the fake visa. Gloves worn while writing The paper used for the trial was signed to look like the name of the immigration officer. INK PLATFORM, SEAL, ETC. SPONSORED BY PARTIAL SEAL Ms. Angsana claimed to have thrown it away. official B.S.S.M. Therefore, they seized all the central items and arrested them and handed them over to the police for investigation. Further legal proceedings will continue. Maj. Gen. Poompipat Axiom Chief Of Staff About 110 immigration police officers are suspected of wrongfully issuing visas to Chinese nationals, saying that based on information that they will be charged with misconduct or omission of duty and beneficiary duties, it is expected that a summary of the case will be presented to the National Police Commissioner within this week. Personally, as the commander and the head of the unit, they will have to take responsibility, revisit the weaknesses, and solve the problem not to repeat it by pointing it out one point at a time, and see that finding the culprit in the unit is even a good thing. You will know what to solve, but don't be shaken by what's going on.
Police inspect "LaLisa Massage Parlor" has been charged with groundwater use and requires a new permit.|Commanders 2. The Ministry of Resources inspected the area. After finding "La Lisa Massage Parlor", it used to be a place that used to use groundwater instead of tap water. If you want to open such a facility. Must apply for a new license of the old one with a mismatch name at 11.30 a.m. on February 6, 2023. 2nd Lt. Col. along with officers of the Department of Groundwater Resources. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment visited the facility. 'La Lisa Massage Parlor', a large service facility located within Soi Ratchadapisek 17, Subdistrict and Din Daeng District, Bangkok, to investigate whether groundwater is being used or not. After the previous Police, Sutthisan Police Station He was arrested for illegally using the service before obtaining a license after a search that took about 30 minutes, Pol. Maj. Gen. Attapol said, adding that the facility had a history of being prosecuted for groundwater drilling. so When I was informed that it would be reopened. Officials have coordinated with the Department of Groundwater Resources to investigate the matter again. From the inspection at the point where the groundwater was drilled. It was found that the mortar had been covered, and from the survey around the area, there was no evidence of groundwater being smuggled. In addition, Department of Groundwater Resources officials measured the conductivity of the water used on site. It was found to match the standard value of tap water today, which was measured from the Bang Khen water supply station, as well as to collect water supply samples from nearby establishments. THE REPORT ALSO REVEALED THAT THE CASE OF ILLEGAL OPENING WITHOUT A LICENSE HAD BEEN OPEN SINCE JAN. 26. Officials have already checked in, and on Jan. 30, they went to a meeting with the Din Daeng District Office to review the permit application. It was found that the operator had a misunderstanding of the interpretation of the law by understanding that the purchase of a business license had been obtained. Can be used to continue. Officials have already clarified that the law cannot be done because the name of the operator is not the original company. It is necessary to go through the qualification process first. If it is to open, there are 2 ways to do this: apply for a new business license / or if you are going to use the existing license. Must go to the meeting of the existing directors, change the name of the managing partner, and also check the qualifications of the entrepreneur that is not prohibited due to the original business license. The name of the business operator is the name of the company. Venice And Chawala Ltd. It is open as Copacabana, but it will be reopened. The name of the business operator is the name of the company. La Lisa 2020 and Davis Copacabana Ltd. It opens as La Lisa. The new operator is a Thai national and has not yet applied for a prohibited qualification check, Pol. Maj. Gen. Attapol said. Conduct an in-depth investigation of whether this business will be considered as an agent to camouflage anything because it may involve people with a history of asset seizure or may be carried out to camouflage other business by confirming that the police have obtained enough information but have not asked to disclose it to the operator. Bring documents and information to show your innocence. Today, witnesses were called, including district officials and authorized directors in the company, for questioning. As for the opening of the smuggling, it has clarified and instructed that the authorities must come in and conduct a rigorous inspection. If it is found that it is still in violation, legal proceedings must be carried out, from the inspection of the inside condition, it is found that about 80-90% of the service is ready to open. Will the offence of illegal opening affect the consideration of a business license? It depends on the committee considering it.
Operation "Macau 888" sq.m. continues to seize luxury cars, aiming to expand the seizure of more assets|Cyber police searched the "Macau 888" gambling network, concluded operation EP.4, seized 6 luxury cars, 1 racing car wreck, and extended the seizure of more property on February 6, 2023. Officers were able to seize 6 cars, of which 3 were seized, including a gray Benz AMG G 63 with registration Number 99 Bangkok belonging to Mr. Kittipong Khajonboonthavorn and a white Benz Model G 400 and a black Benz Model G 400 with registration Number 10 Bangkok, which belonged to Mr. Issara Kutchaikul. The third point is the seizure of a Nissan sedan. Sylvier Pink S13 and pink Nissan cerfiro with benz daemon sticker which is a race training car at the garage in Nakhon Ratchasima province and the 4th point seized 1 car, namely Mercedes Model S 560e, registration Number 59, Bangkok, belonging to Benz Damon or Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn at the car showroom in Rama. 3.
Bright denied being involved in Macau 888 not knowing "Benz Damon" made a gambling website.|Cyber Police He was interrogated before his acquittal on Feb. 7, denying being involved in "Macau 888". I don't usually mess with my personal affairs at 2:00 p.m. on February 6, 2023. 2nd Lieutenant 1st Army Corps The POLICE and the investigators went to Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station for interrogation. Capt. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, Deputy Senator for Outbound Immigration B.C.S.M. or The Brigade The youngest brother of 4 B. before being released from custody on February 7 for interrogation on the issue of connection in the Macau 888 online gambling website case where Mr. Chaiwat or Benz Damon Khajonboonthavorn, 38 years old, the eldest brother of the 4B family, is accused according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 316/2566 in the case of "jointly organizing play or making a trick, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in playing, which is not authorized by the authorities, and jointly laundering money", which is the main accused in the Macau88 case. Mr. Khunakorn denied that he was not involved in the online gambling website Macau888 and had never heard of his brother opening an online gambling website because he was not usually aware of and engaged in personal matters.
The police officer strictly follows the iron rule of the checkpoint, attached to "BODYCAM", must be polite, friendly.|The commanding officer commands all units. Follow the rules of the checkpoint steel. Police uniforms with "BODYCAM" record checkpoint information, polite speech, and legal accuracy. Applying political science principles to help monitor tourists In order to create a good tourism atmosphere And order to control all types of bias, do not let go of anyone who violates and immediately put down the sword at 13.00 on February 6, 2023 Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Director General of the Police Department, along with Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, Sgt., Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, along with assistant The Deputy Chief of Staff held a teleconference online with the Deputy Chief of Staff. And at various station units nationwide to direct the police officers to set up checkpoints. Checkpoints, extraction points, information posting in the TPCC system, disciplinary reinforcement, strict control of officers' conduct and all types of bias at the meeting. The Director-General instructed the unit to comply with the most urgent memorandum No. 0007.22/438 dated February 2, 2023 on the practice of setting up checkpoints, checkpoints and extraction points, emphasizing that all police officers on duty at checkpoints, checkpoints and extraction points are dressed in uniform and equipped with a digital video camera (Police Body Camera) throughout the operation period. B.C. or P.W. and B.C. or P.W. Randomly inspect the practice of police officers in setting up checkpoints, checkpoints and extraction points in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the police. In addition, the police will randomly inspect the practice of police officers in setting up checkpoints and checkpoints by bringing the information of bugs and problems found to the regional executive meeting or sq. to solve them further. If there is a case of complaints, appearing in the news or appearing on social media, and the results of the investigation reveal that the police officers have behaved in a dishonest way or wrongfully exploited or demanded bribes, consider disciplinary action, criminal and administrative action, as the case may be, with the relevant officials and consider the defects of the supervisors who are in charge of supervising until the station or army level or the P.O.C. that is neglected, as the case may be. Drug-related behavior, neglecting to allow gambling in the area, online gambling, service establishments, and human trafficking in the area. Sq. No. 234/2558 dated 27 April 2015 strictly and the supervisor under Order 1212/2537 dated 1 October 1994 to closely supervise subordinates both in and out of official hours, the Director-General reiterated at the meeting. To set up checkpoints, checkpoints, extraction points to prevent serious crimes or major crimes according to government policy, including firearms, drugs, etc. Racing on the way must strictly comply with the legal principles. Make arrests with tangible results. To create order in society by strictly prohibiting the solicitation of bribes or benefits.  The officers at the checkpoints must be polite, friendly, and able to clearly clarify the law and information to the public, such as the request for a search must be in accordance with the authority prescribed by law. Alcohol testing at checkpoints only if the driver smells of alcohol or behaves like a drunk driver, for example.  In the case of tourist inspections, political science principles shall apply. In case of foreign tourists If you are not carrying your original passport, you can use a copy or photo. Not carrying a sport is not considered an offence, but if the officers at the checkpoint suspect it, coordinate with the STAM. Number 1178 or the Provincial Police to check the information with the Information Center of the POLICE. To create a good image and atmosphere for tourism.
More than 100 police officers were arrested on 157 criminal charges.|This week, "Big Joke" filed 3 police officers, 3 generals, and more than 100 officers issued gray Chinese gang visas, 2 charges 149, 157 yan, no evidence found, including financial routes. The current director general, however, will check back to Chief Of Staff On February 6, 2023, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, revealed that on Saturday, he was not aware of the situation. The investigating officer concluded the case in which the POLICE involved committed the offence. The investigation is now considered complete. It is expected that this week the proposal will continue. The Commanding Officer shall execute the order. More than 100 immigration police investigators have been involved in corruption in the form of a movement or subsidiary in issuing visas to foreigners, including gray Chinese, who have come to do business in Thailand.  Pol. Gen. Surachet said that by the circumstances of this group of police. The deputy governor's signature was forged and taken advantage of during the COVID-19 situation. Therefore, it is an offence under Section 157 to act or refrain from performing duties unlawfully and an offence under Section 149 for claiming benefits for areas where most offences are found in the North and Northeast, commencing from 2020 to 2022 by using a certificate from the Foundation as a volunteer or from an educational institution certifying that he is a student in applying for a visa extension. Despite the fact that there was corruption in the process of volunteering, and more than 100 police officers participated in the crime. There are 3 police general ranks, the rest are reduced to director. The inspector and the SPONSORED inspector from the investigation have not found any evidence, including the financial path linked to The current director general, however, will check back to Chief Of Staff He also reiterated that there are more than 20,000 police officers nationwide, only 100 of whom have been found guilty, which is a small number after this will be proposed to the Police Commissioner, divided into 2 parts. Prosecution of criminal cases of corruption and misconduct in the Central Court and part 2 of administrative proceedings against superiors. Which is the authority of the Director-General to consider.
Scammers pretend to order 100 lo meat, stew money, sellers claim famous items|A meat shop owner in Chachoengsao has been accused of "ordering beef and pork" 100 Before issuing a ploy claiming packaging boxes - taxes - barcodes, the loss of more than 40 thousand baht. At 10:30 p.m. on Feb. 6, 2023, the reporter was coordinated by Ms. Um Rungsang. The 40-year-old, who sells salty and sweet meat at "Mae Lek Eight Stripes", said he was scammed by a gang of fraudsters from a famous food show. I want to order meat at the store to sell overseas. Before issuing a scam to lose more than 40,000 baht, he wanted to spread the story in order to warn against fraudsters. To meet Miss Um (the victim), he brought a clip with evidence to report the case. Ms Aum revealed that the incident happened around noon today.  There are scammers contacting us via line. I can tell you that his ID line is from "Ah Toi", a kitchen show that he has previously released. So he was very convinced and delighted. The fraudsters ordered 50 kilograms of beef and pork for a total of 100 kilograms for 118,550 baht. HE ALSO SAW THAT HIS RESTAURANT WAS GUARANTEED BY Khun Toi's kitchen, so he chose to buy meat from his shop"THEN THE FRAUDSTERS ISSUED A PLOY TO GET HIM TO DELIVER THE MEAT IN TIME FOR TOMORROW. (Feb. 7) Just before 8 p.m. at Suvarnabhumi Airport, he called to order meat at a regular shop, butchering 100 kilograms of pork and beef in order to return to marinate in time for international sales. Later, the gang of fraudsters contacted him again, informing him that he had to buy a box with the fraudster's logo to pack the product. 13 boxes, including taxes, were barcoded on the box, totaling 43,550 baht, which he believed to be transferred to the destination account. Name Mrs. Thongbai Supapipat KBank, which at that time did not know that he had been deceived, recorded a thank you video and sent it back to the scammer's line, but there was no response from it." Ms. Um, the victim, said Ms. Um revealed that she saw that a lot of time had passed and there was no communication back, so she went back to find that the fraudster had blocked her line, so she went to report the case and wanted to bring the matter out to warn that there were fraudsters who were trying to penetrate the group of vendors.
Hot-headed neighbors parked their cars, grabbed axes, stormed clears and fired shots.|Big guy, 54, pungent, neighbors, parked in a crowded car. Grabbing an axe and storming clear, he was shot with a .38-caliber bullet at a curry restaurant at 21.45 a.m. on Feb. 6, 2023. Pak Kret police received a report of a fatal shooting at a house. In Lan Thong Village Tiwanon Road Bang Phut, Pak Kret District, Nonthaburi Province, therefore went to check with Lt. Col. Apisak Choticsatien, Ph.D., Pak Kret, Lt. Col. Samphan Timcharoen Deputy Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Rittirak Namkhamsawat S.W.P. Lt. Col. Emperor Pathapata S. Pak Kret Police, forensic doctors and rescue workers from the Po Tek Tueng Foundation at the scene of the accident were a 2-storey townhouse. In front of the store, the body of Mr. Veera Prasitthong, 54, the owner of the shop, was found shot with 2 rounds of .38 caliber firearms, 1 bullet in the chest through the back and 1 shot in the left frame, lying dead in a pool of blood on the floor. In his right hand, he also clutched an axe, and a .38-caliber bullet was found on the ground, authorities said. In addition, a toyota pickup truck with gold registration number Nonthaburi, which was the car of the deceased, was found parked in the middle of the road. In the right pickup area, there is a gunshot mark on the collapse. The 65-year-old shop owner, who was the perpetrator of the incident, stood and surrendered to the police at the scene, and then was detained for interrogation at the hotel. 29 years old daughter They were helping to unload their belongings from a pickup truck parked in front of the store. At that moment, Mr. Veera (the deceased) drove through the storefront to return to the house, which is in the same alley, about 300 meters away, before parking the car with dissatisfaction. Mr. Wisit finished unloading his belongings from the car. He moved the car to a regular parking area, about 20 meters away from the house, and after almost an hour, Mr. Veera drove past again. After leaving for an errand, head back to the house. Suddenly, parked in the middle of the road, and opened the door with an axe and plunged to find out. Mr. Wisit arrives in the shop. Mr. Wisit then went in and took out a gun in the house and fired 3 shots at Mr. Veera, 2 bullets into his body, and died instantly. THE OTHER BULLET MISSED HITTING THE SPONSORED PICKUP TRUCK, INITIALLY THE POLICE OFFICER CHARGED HIM WITH "INTENTIONAL KILLING OF OTHERS" BEFORE DETAINING HIM FOR FURTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Curry rice vendors, gangs claimed. Mobile phone hacking - 200,000 baht|The gang claimed to be the Revenue Department hacked a mobile phone and sucked up 200,000 baht from a rice vendor. On February 6, 2023, the reporter received a revelation from Mrs. Sompong Muangjab, 54 years old, the owner of a curry rice and a la carte restaurant. The name of the restaurant is "Maepong Khao Rad Kang" in Pathum Thani province, which was called by a call center gang to impersonate a revenue officer. Before hacking the phone data to withdraw 200,000 baht in Krungthai bank account, he tearfully revealed that the whole incident happened late on February 4. While he and his daughter were preparing to go out shopping to make food for sale. Suddenly, a phone call came in, a man claiming to be an official from the Revenue Department. WHEN HE LISTENED TO IT, HE SAID THAT HE WASN'T SELLING WELL, WHY DID HE HAVE TO PAY TAXES, AND THEN HE TALKED TO HIS DAUGHTER, BUT WHEN HIS DAUGHTER TALKED FOR A WHILE, A FEMALE VOICE CAME TO SPEAK FOR HIM, TELLING HIM TO SHOW HIMSELF BY SCANNING HIS FACE. The daughter knew it was wrong, noticing that it was not a revenue officer. So I tried to push the cord away. But the machine could not cut the cable and an alarm came up. The daughter then tried to turn off the phone. After turning off the phone when it was turned on again, it appeared that the 200,000 baht joint account money had been sucked away. I admit to thinking a lot, because I'm exhausted. There is no energy to continue selling things," she said.
"Deputy Commissioner," he reported. Operation Macau 888 leans toward anyone caught.|"Big Continued" to report on the progress of the "Chief Of Staff" Operation "Macau 888" If linked to anyone or the police involved, do not ignore the group of suspects who are hiding abroad. He requested to surrender at 10.00 a.m. on February 7, 2023. The deputy commissioner said that the starting point of Operation Macau 888 came from the attention of social media in the case of actress Dew Arisara. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, conducted the investigation, which the police chief emphasized on his work clothes and gave advice on his work until it became the source of Operation Macau 888. By yesterday, the work clothes of the B.C.S.T. They searched luxury cars at various locations in Bangkok and Nakhon Ratchasima, and reported on the progress of the operation. Gen. Damrongsak asked how much evidence could be gathered from the operation and whether additional arrest warrants could be issued for those involved. In this section, it was reported that the agency had issued arrest warrants for those involved in both the horse account and the mastermind's body, which is the main character, and arrested 1 main person. In this respect, it must be noted that the main character of the authorities intends to gather all the evidence that appears to bring the charges as concisely as possible, as they do not want to give the case time to go to court and then the case is dismissed. If evidence of financial trails appears to be linked to anyone, an arrest warrant must be issued. "What the public pays attention to and keeps an eye on is that some of the accused are still rebelling or fleeing abroad, including government officials who may be involved in the rescue, which, if there is strong evidence, will have to be interrogated and if found guilty in any part, they will have to be prosecuted according to the law. It also emphasizes that if any police officer is involved, or even warns the police that if you go to do something illegal, using their authority or even the uniform of a police officer to exploit, resign and do not come to the Royal Thai Police to be discredited. If found, they must take action," said Deputy Chief Of Police Maj. Gen. Persak, who said that the group of accused who are abroad has now coordinated the request for surrender. This was led by the National Police Commissioner and assigned to the cyber police uniform to carry out the procedure. We will not have any conditions to go through the procedure, not that the surrender must be guaranteed. Surrender is also a matter of surrender. Bail is also a matter of judicial process.
"Not Lottery Plus" asks for fairness. In the case of the police, the case overlaps with the DSI.|"Not Lottery Plus" sends a lawyer to file a letter. The Commissioner asked for fairness. In the case of the police making a case overlapping with the DSI, the grievance received a summons to acknowledge the allegations simultaneously throughout the country, fearing that if they do not show up by appointment, it may cause the arrest warrant to be issued at 10.30 a.m. on February 7, 2023 at the Garrison Division of the Royal Thai Police Office (Sq.) Mr. Supachai Thipsit, a lawyer, is authorized by Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut or Not. The Lottery Plus Division filed a request for fairness to Pol. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said the police had investigated more than 4,000 cases of online lottery purchases with the Lottery Plus Division, which was redundant to the DSI's investigation. The Police Commissioner is required to send the case to DSI as there is a law requiring that once the DSI receives the case, the DSI will have to take up the matter. Other government agencies must submit expressions to proceed. In addition, there are doubts that Mr. Panthawat has received a summons to acknowledge the allegations simultaneously throughout the country and has received at least 30 subpoenas for the first interrogation. Some of the warrants were sent yesterday to meet today, but Mr. Panthawat already had an appointment with other hotels, fearing that if he did not meet by appointment, it could be grounds for issuing an arrest warrant. Initially, the request for a postponement was requested, but it was at the discretion of the investigating officer in each locality. He said the DSI had started investigating all the deals. From the opening of the platform to the moment of suspension of sales. He sees it as overlapping work. However, now Mr. Panthawat is still very supportive and ready to fight the case, but admits that his business has been stuck because he has been suspended for several parts of the case this afternoon. Ratchada Rd. A hearing was scheduled in the case of Mr. Panthawat filing a request for temporary protection at Ministry of Digital Economy for Social Economy (DES) File a petition for an injunction to stop the spread. After deleting the data of the website and application, the Lottery Division of 3 Lottery Plus that collected government lottery tickets to sell overpriced them. Mr. Supachai said he believes in the judicial process because of the reason for the emergency petition. However, in this case, The Lottery Plus Division has closed the website and application earlier, so there is no reason to request an emergency request to close it permanently.
6-year-old girl strangled, naked and dead, 6-year-old girl waiting for her mother to drop her off R.R. without knowing.|A 31-year-old woman was strangled to death without her 6-year-old son's knowledge and waited for her mother to drop her off at school. Even my parents came home from screaming and were almost shocked when I looked into the bedroom. Expected to be a former brother-in-law. The police sent a hunt on February 7, 2023 at 08.40 am. The body was found at 192 Moo 7, Ban Khok Krai. Oct. Khuan Pho Therefore, it is ready. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pichayawut Sansombatsiri Chief Of Staff, Satun Province Lt. Col. Nipol Hemslamad, Deputy Chief of Staff, Satun Province, Maj. Gen. Pasit Shantiprasit Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Anik Indam, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel Anik Indam, Deputy Chief of Staff, Chalung Police Department Lt. Col. Chatchai Bamrungkorn, Deputy Inspector General of Investigation, Chalung Police Department, Lt. Col. Amsah Kepan Senator Chalung with investigating officer Kg. P.P. Satun Investigative unit Chalung investigation unit Kg.6 Provincial Police Region 9 investigators and Satun Provincial Police inspected the scene along with parasai rescue volunteers. Ms. Pimpa Damnui, 31, the owner of the house, lay dead in the bedroom, the body was lying on its back, lying on its legs, wearing a black shirt and a covering for the corpse. A broken gold necklace was found near the body, authorities said, and an autopsy found traces of strangulation. Therefore, the body was handed over to rom sai rescue volunteers to take the body to Satun Hospital for a detailed autopsy to determine the true cause of death. The deceased's father, 68-year-old Mr. Kanit Damnui, and the mother of the deceased went out to slit the rubber back to find the body. So he asked his grandchildren why they didn't go to school, and they said that their mother hadn't slept yet. When he entered the bedroom, the deceased found a body of a hard, naked bottom, wearing only a shirt. THE CULPRIT IS PROBABLY A FORMER FAMILY MEMBER (EX-BROTHER-IN-LAW) BECAUSE HE HAS A HOUSE KEY THAT CAN BE UNLOCKED, BUT THIS ONE IS UNDER INVESTIGATION BY THE POLICE. Pol. Col. Niphon Hemsalammad, deputy chief of police of Satun Province, said that if the accused is someone suspected by the parents and relatives of the deceased is a former family member, the case would not be complicated because of the many fingerprint and DNA evidence. Which also has to chase the CCTV cameras. The deceased will be raped or will not wait for the results from the doctor again.
The court ordered temporary protection. "DES" petition Request to suspend the platform "Lottery Plus Division"|The court accepted the "DES" petition. A temporary injunction was issued to suspend the propagation of computer data of the website and platform "Lottery Plus Division" on February 7, 2023 at the Criminal Court, Ratchadapisek Road. The court granted a temporary injunction based on a petition filed by the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES) that requested the court to grant a temporary injunction. Suspend the propagation of computer data of websites and platforms, Lottery Plus 2 URLs and 1 platform, a total of 3 items, while still in the process of considering the request to close the website and platform. The Court considered that after the petitioner had filed an application to close the website and platform, The Lottery Plus Division had filed an application to close the website. It was found that there were still overpriced government lottery tickets and that children under the age of 20 were buying government lottery tickets through the platform, as well as advertising through various media and comparing fines with the investigating officers, therefore, there was an order prohibiting the dissidents from spreading any information on the website and platform until other orders changed the section of the witness inquiry section according to the request to close the website and platform. The final witness hearing will be held on March 20, 2023.
"Big Joke" called the exam "Pol. Maj." Class of 47 Gambling Websites|"Big Joke". Lieutenant Colonel "No.47" A gambling website physically assaults a young engineer who manages a page. Meanwhile, one of the police officers in the suit solved the case. It is unclear whether the victim will be charged. Because it is about depositing and withdrawing money of the client. Mr. Universe Yellowprasert The founder of the Silk Road page must survive. Take Mr. A (pseudonym) as an engineer. Meet Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, after the victim was physically assaulted by a group of subordinates of an online gambling website owner in the middle of the month. Jan in Chonburi province because he dropped the gambling website balance by the owner of the online gambling website is a senior police officer. Lieutenant Colonel 11.00 a.m. on February 7, 2023 at the Association of Investigators, Police Club. Mr. A (pseudonym), the victim, along with the Silk Road page team, had to survive. Maj. Gen. Namkiat Theerarojanapong Director of Training Center Metropolitan Police Headquarters The chief investigator investigated the case. For further investigation later. Pol. Col. Porntawee Somwong, Director of Chokchai Police Station, and investigators of Chokchai Police Station came to attend the meeting with the case team at the Investigation Officers Association room, Police Club. Mr. A was attacked in Chonburi province. Mr. A searched the victim's room on Soi Ladprao Wanghin 46 and retrieved valuables, including a Rolex watch (fake). And a pair of sneakers worth 4,000 baht. Initially, the victim wanted to report the robbery to the mob with SPONSORED later at 13.00 hrs. Superintendent of Immigration Police, Chanthaburi, one of the suitees, solved the case. It was revealed that in the case of Sai Mai Page having to survive, a young engineer, a former administrator of an online gambling website, informed Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, about the assault. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, directed the officers to solve the case honestly. Both proving the victim's testimony as to who was involved. Khmerin said that on January 12, the attackers arranged for the victims to meet at a shopping mall in Chonburi province before taking them to their cars and taking the victim's mobile phone. Then take them to a car care station. Initially, it was known that there were about 5-6 people physically assaulting the victims using the car care facility, where the owner was one of the perpetrators, but had to investigate thoroughly again. Will I take on a role or take orders from someone else? Ask the authorities to prove it thoroughly again. The attackers and the victims already knew each other because they were engaged in gambling business together, and what did the five of them do on the site? In the case of the assault and the victim stated that the cause was related to the gambling website but not related to money, the victim said that it was not related to money, but the administrator of the gambling website had to deal with the customer's deposit and withdrawal. As for whether charges will be filed or not, the investigation must be separated on a case-by-case basis, not that the victim and then committed the offense will not be prosecuted, but at the moment there is no consideration at this stage because of the focus on assault and robbery. As for the circumstances of the attackers in the area where the incident took the victim's property from a condominium in the area. The victim wishes to report the robbery charges to the police. The police have gathered expressions in two localities, Chokchai Police Station and Samet Subdistrict, Chonburi Province, all of which are consecutive. As for the victim's phone that the perpetrator took, will the data be erased? But authorities still don't know the intentions of the group as no investigation has been called yet. The authorities will expedite the investigation of the victims as well as gather evidence and issue an arrest warrant for the robbery with those involved. It is expected to be released soon. Matt Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, said the preliminary findings of the investigation showed that based on the evidence and testimony of the victims, it was convincing that the police chief was a police officer. But in what way is it involved, the investigation and waiting to interrogate the accused, it was reported on February 6. The investigation team took the victims to the area to see the actual location. He was carried in the parking lot of a department store in Chonburi province before being attacked at a car care store in Samet subdistrict, Muang district, Chonburi province. Log the moment event. Mr. A walked behind a tall man. Put on a bright shirt and get into a black Mazda sedan. Unknown model, registration JC 9805 Chonburi of Jan. 12, is the key evidence of the sponsored case. The 47th generation is the same generation as Maj. Gen. Surachet, formerly the deputy commander of Chonburi Province. Over the past 4-5 years, even the appointment order for the 2022 term has been made as commander. News in the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Cheap methamphetamine 5 baht per pill, Chonburi city police Amplify - Plan a lure to buy|Chonburi City Police Expanded methamphetamine purchase plan, arrested 4 suspects Mr. Sutin or Nim (last name unknown) He confessed to ordering methamphetamine for 5 baht per pill on February 7, 2023. Lead the anti-narcotics police, investigate and arrest them. Mr. Charee or Tui Jaichanong 45 years old, living at 73/1 Moo 13, Nongree Subdistrict, Muang District, Chonburi Province, with 12 methamphetamine pills. Mr. Banjeet or Ko Jamsaeng, 55 years old, living at 148/4 Moo 5, Surasak Subdistrict, Sriracha District, Chonburi Province, and Mr. Komsak or Beer Suwankhet, 30 years old, living at 151 Moo 2, Tambon Pa Yup Nai, Wang Chan District, Rayong Province, with 2,000 methamphetamine pills after expanding the results. Mr. Banjeet or Ko Jamsaeng admitted that he ordered the drug from Mr. Sutin or Nim (last name unknown), so Mr. Banjeet called to buy methamphetamine from Mr. Sunit or Nim by making an appointment for delivery at the road sign. Sriracha before the red light intersection. Khlong Kiu District Until 19.00, Mr. Sutin or Nim, the head of the network, gave Mr. Somchai or Khai Itthieksakul, 44 years old, and Mr. Damrong or Win Kiatkraiwalsiri, 45 years old, riding a motorcycle to deliver 2,000 methamphetamine pills. Mr. Banjeet The ambushed police showed up and seized 40,000 methamphetamine pills (including 42,012 methamphetamine pills). 90.50 grams of K, 195 tablets of E, handed over to the local investigators at the scene of the crime after interrogating the accused, admitting that he ordered methamphetamine from Mr. Sutin or Nim, the head of the network, costs 5 baht per tablet, while Mr. Sutin or Nim, the head of a major drug trafficking network, is under investigation and followed up to prosecute the case.
Jo called. The director of the "Hao Cabinet" case pointed out a lot of details - complicated.|"Police Sergeant" Call a working group meeting. Investigating the facts of the case, "Cabinet Hao" revealed that it is preparing to call "Big Zhao-Director" to ask questions to clarify some of the issues that are still in doubt. The information "Chuvit" was in the process of understanding at 1.30 p.m. on February 7, 2023, at the Meeting Room of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, National Police Sergeant. Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Director general Maj. Gen. Suwat Saengsoon, Deputy Chief of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Montree Thamkhan, the Police Chief, and the Police Investigation Team. Participated in the meeting to discuss the progress of the investigation into the operation of the investigation team in the Mr. Chainat case. Kornjayanan, or Tu Hao of the Metropolitan Police, said the meeting was to discuss the implementation of fact-checking and questioning of the work of the Metropolitan Police Investigation Team in relation to the Chainat case. Kornchayanan or Tu Hao, where Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit used to give information. Because the case is quite detailed and complex, it will require the interrogation of the investigating officer, the arresting officer, to ask questions about various details from the arrest process to the investigation process.  "By this important step, the fact-checking working group of the matter will be invited. Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The Director-General came to ask some questions that still have doubts. As for the original time frame, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, is scheduled to be completed within 15 days. The working group has asked for an extension due to the large amount of details reviewed, but it will be completed quickly. THE EMPHASIS IS ON TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY," HE SAID.
Cyber police issued arrest warrants for 100 million Lamborghini|The cyber police have been working on Macau 888 and have yet to find Lamborghini. Aventador, the only 100-million-baht supercar in Thailand of "Benz Damon", while the Cyber Directorate has issued an arrest warrant for "Bright Division". The 4-year-old did not catch up, but believed he would not flee abroad at 2:00 p.m. on February 7, 2023, at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon 2nd Lieutenant Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai The 3rd Police Chief, along with the operational force, held a meeting on the progress of the search and arrest of the accused in the online gambling case. Macau 888 after launching a carpeting operation to arrest those involved in the network. It takes about 1 hour after the meeting. Lt. Gen. Worawat It was revealed that the investigative team was investigating the case. Macau 888 is expected to issue additional arrest warrants soon, which will not use the accused in the horse account group, but to what extent the person involved will be involved, depending on the evidence that, if linked, will be prosecuted. Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or Bright Division, Deputy Inspector of Suvarnabhumi Airport, T.M.2 Departure at Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station The youngest brother of the 4 brothers who was allegedly involved in the online gambling site Macau 888 said that he initially received a report that Lt. Col. Khunakorn denied that he was not involved with the Macau 888 online gambling website and was not aware of his brother's story because he was not aware of and engaged in personal matters. Therefore, if Deputy Inspector Bright is released tonight, he cannot impose a ban on leaving the country. Because it must be in accordance with the rights of a person who does not have a warrant but believes that he did not flee the country. The lawyers of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn, or Benz Damon, who has already been issued an arrest warrant and are still fleeing abroad, have asked to discuss the way Benz surrendered. On the afternoon of tomorrow, he insisted that he would seek to fight the case in accordance with the process. He said the task force is currently searching warehouses and garages and has received clues that they may be hiding places. Lamborghini Car Benz Damon's Aventador cost more than 40 million baht (the total price is 100 million baht) that the police are tracking 2-3 points, but still cannot find it. A total of 33 suspects have been arrested under cyber police and PCT police warrants and seized more than 529 million baht in assets.
Grandson-in-law, long shotgun shot aunt and aunt-in-law. 2 dead bodies|In Krabi The 59-year-old and 66-year-old aunt-in-law shot and killed two people before surrendering. I don't know about the cause of the land boundary. There was a long-standing quarrel at 5.30pm on February 7, 2023. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Nuea Klong Police Station, Krabi province, received a report of a fatal shooting at house no. 75 Moo 1, Ban Huai Yung Tok. Huay Yung had 2 dead after receiving the notification, so he reported to his superiors accordingly. Maj. Gen. Apichart Jinaphen, Superintendent of Police, North Klong Investigating Officer, Forensic Unit The first body was found in house no. 151 at the back kitchen door named Mrs. Jintana Klawrop, 59 years old, and the other body was at another house about 10 meters apart. Mrs. Zhu Tiang Klao, 66, lay dead in the hallway of the house, both of whom were shot with shotguns. The perpetrator is known to be the nephew of the deceased husband. Mr. Decha Petcharakul, 38, was at house number 89, which is adjacent to the house of the 2 deceased, after the incident of bringing firearms to the police at Nuea Khlong Police Station. Mrs. Thanarat Berkna, 47, the daughter of Mrs. Zhu Tiang, testified that at the time of the attack, no one was at home. HE CAME BACK TO THE HOUSE AND SAW THE CULPRIT HOLDING A LONG GUN, HE ASKED IF THERE WAS ANYTHING HE SAW HOLDING A GUN, THE PERPETRATOR DID NOT SAY ANYTHING, WALKED TO SHOOT HIS MOTHER WHO WAS IN THE HOUSE, AND THEN RAN AWAY. Ask relatives if they have caused the incident with Mrs. Jintana, whose aunt-in-law Sak is the aunt-in-law. There is a conflict over the boundaries of the adjacent houses. There have long been conflicting issues. At the time of the incident, it was believed that there would be another controversy, and that she might have been mixed up by her aunt-in-law, Mrs. Zhu Bed. But the police will investigate thoroughly again. The perpetrators did not know anything about it. Expect to be in a mood of anger and stress. He was initially charged with intentional homicide.
Government orders 30-day closure of Phuket cannabis stores After being caught gambling by the police.|Phuket - Administration orders 30-day closure of cannabis shops in old town After being arrested by the police for gambling, contrary to public order or good morals and the government's social organizing policy. Phuket Police arrested Mr. Ratchakrit along with 14 others and obtained several items. The incident occurred on January 19, 2023, according to the complaint, under Criminal Case No. 110/2023 of Day 1 at 07.05 a.m. for allegedly providing gambling (poker cards). Gambling on property without permission and joint charges of gambling (poker cards) Gambling on property without permission The arrested person pleaded guilty to the charges of the incident inside a marijuana store. Hi Kush No. 9, 3rd Floor, Suriyadej Roundabout Ratsada Road Talad Yai Subdistrict The latest progress was made on February 7, 2023. The Sheriff of Phuket has instructed Mr. Danai Jai-hard. Bailiff for Security Phuket Provincial Order No. 1064/2566 re: Closure of Commercial Building, No. 9 Ratsada Road Talad Yai Subdistrict, Mueang Phuket District, Phuket Province and it is forbidden to open establishments in such places. There is a 30-day period to go to the store owner and close the storefront. Hi Kush, phuket province, considers the actions of Mr. Ratchakrit along with the owners of such establishments to be illegal under the Gambling Act B.E. 2478. There is a situation contrary to public order or good morals and the government's social organizing policy, which is a violation of the Notification of the Revolutionary Council No. 50 dated January 15, 1959. VALID FOR 30 DAYS FROM FEBRUARY 7, 2023 TO MARCH 8, 2023SPONSORED
9-year-old stepfather arrested for drug and molestation since 2nd grade|9-year-old stepfather and neighbour Reveals stepfather drug-abused since P.2 He also threatened to kill if he told the story to others on February 7, 2023. Khao Hin Son Police Station, Chachoengsao Province, informed by Mrs. A (pseudonym) A neighbour brought his niece, Dr. B (pseudonym), to report the complaint to Mr. Jo. Mrs. A's stepfather said that Mr. Jo is the new husband of Mrs. J, who is the biological mother of Dr. B, both of whom are addicted to drugs. He threatened that if he told others about it, he would kill him and smash his belongings into the house until the child felt scared and ran away from home to sleep in his neighbor's house. The stepfather will be able to do this to Dr. B, so he wants the police officers to immediately follow up and arrest him for investigation in order to ensure the safety of the child. The child protection officer of Chachoengsao Provincial Children and Family Home came to Khao Hin Son Police Station to bring the child to the prosecution and take the child for medical examination to continue the legal process.
"S.T.T." Chase the chase. Shot in the face by a short shotgun.|Police patrol, motorcycle patrol, shield badge followed. Jai Mi dubious was shot in the face by a short shotgun, 7 wounds, lying bloody, seriously injured, until Lt. Rud helped - but eventually died. Hospital at 21:15 a.m. on Feb. 7, 2023. Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Pak Chong Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima province, received a report of police patrol 191 of Pak Chong Police Station being shot and seriously injured on The Khao Thai Sayant Road - Pak Chong Police Station. Nong Noi Village Moo 12, Pak Chong Subdistrict, Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. Lt. Col. Chat Narong, Ph.D. Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Supakorn Roschob, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Watchara Liebsungnen, Senator, Mr. Seksan Thongsawatwong Pak Chong Police Officer with detective police force and rescuers Pak Chong Police Department and Sawang Witcha Thammasat Foundation Rescue Team at the scene of the accident. 28-year-old Attapol Boonmee, a patrol policeman, was shot in the face. The bullet hit the right cheekbone, eyebrows and nose, including 7 wounds, lying unconscious and drowning in blood on the side of the road. Ms. Arsa Yodchomyan, 24, an eyewitness, testified that she saw the assailant wearing a gray hooded shirt driving a Honda. Wave model at speed, with the patrol officer following closely behind, and soon heard a loud noise. I didn't think it was the sound of gunfire until I drove past and saw the policeman lying on the ground. So I parked the car and looked at it and found blood on my face, so I quickly called. Immediately notify the police. Maj. Gen. Chusawat Chanrojkit 3rd Lt. Col. Patiyut Singhsomroj, Deputy Chief of Police, Nakhon Ratchasima, and Maj. Gen. Chat Narong, Pak Chong Police Chief, who participated in the investigation of the scene. He said police patrol cars normally have two drivers and a stacker, but today there are still 2 officers. Police Lt. Col. Attapol (the deceased) inspected one officer before the incident, went to the community of Mo Din Daeng, informed the radio to come to the hotel, then fell silent until he realized that the driver was chasing another car. The car that was chasing would have a suspicious and suspicious posture, so he called to stop but refused to stop, so he drove after the villain, so he was pulled a short shotgun and shot in the face until he fell, seriously injured and died at the hospital. The police have deployed to search for clues to the culprit and will speed up the surveillance cameras to track down the culprit and prosecute the case according to the legal process.
Release the "Bright Defenders" from their cells. He resigned (video)|"Bright Division" refused to give media interviews and prepared to submit a letter of resignation. Ordered to return to the agency after the office was deported at 00.01 a.m. on February 8, 2023, Maj. Gen. Chakrapong Nuchpadung, director of the Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Department. Lead Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or "Bright Division", Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration B.C.S.M. Get out of the detention room. He is due to be detained for seven days after being disciplined for his absence from service since Feb. 1 and is due to be released at midnight today. As soon as the deadline expired, Col. Chakrapong was taken. He went to the interrogation room, which is located on the ground floor of the office building. He was then taken to the office building of Immigration Police Division 2, which is affiliated with Bright. The 2nd Lt. Col. is the receiver to carry out the procedures of the agency during the walk to the office building. The reporter asked Bright if he was related to or aware of the Macau 888 online gambling site. To travel abroad and be absent for more than 15 days is an intentional escape or to seek trial purposes. Bright declined to answer questions. HEAD TO THE OFFICE BUILDING OF THE 2ND ARMY WITH A FLAT EXPRESSION BEFORE REPORTING TO THE COMMANDER ACCORDING TO THE PROCEDURES OF THE SPONSORED SIDE. Maj. Gen. Montree Pancharoen 2nd Lieutenant He said the agency received the bright man after the disciplinary detention deadline. He will return to his previous duties. Because there is a letter from the Office of the Director of Immigration to repatriate to help the government, which the supervisor knows about the behavior, no one will ask the Bright Division to help the government again. In addition, in the period before the reception is returned. Information has been checked in various arrest warrant databases. He was not found to have a warrant for his arrest in any case, so he was allowed to return home and return to work tomorrow. In addition, there is no special order from the commissioner of the Immigration Bureau. "As for setting up a committee to investigate the absence of the government for more than 15 days, it is considered that the punishment has already been carried out in accordance with the regulations of the Royal Thai Police. If he is prosecuted or has a warrant for his arrest, he or she will be available to investigate immediately and honestly." 2nd Lieutenant It was reported by the Immigration Bureau that during the reporting and discussions with the supervisors, he was not aware of the situation. Initially, he was prepared to submit his resignation letter from the police service due to his relationship with his brother and the accused. This is degrading to bosses and colleagues, so I don't want to cause embarrassment in such matters. He also confirmed his innocence that he was not involved with the Macau online gambling site 888, but admitted that his brother and a group of friends were actually involved in the business.
Customs Region 5 breaks down transport companies, seizes e-cigarettes, evades taxes by more than a million baht|Customs Region 5 sends a crackdown investigation into a private transport company that illegally seized e-cigarettes and illegally evaded taxes worth more than 1 million baht. Therefore, the property was seized and prosecuted according to the law on February 7, 2023. Customs Officer Sungai Kolok Acting as director of the Customs Office Region 5, he instructed Ms. Kanjana Rangsiwutsak. Head of Investigation and Suppression A team of investigators and suppression officers of the Customs Office Region 5 searched a private transport company in Surat Thani province, which is the area of responsibility of E.P.5SPONSORED, and arrested smuggled goods and illegal goods with foreign origin. E-Cigarette Type 2,000 pieces worth approximately 1 million baht Therefore, all items are taken as neutral. Submit to customs office region 5 for legal proceedings.
The grandchildren were pointed in front of their mother, pulled a gun and shot 2 relatives. |The nephew shot his aunt-in-law and aunt-in-law with 2 bodies, confessed to being pointed at by the deceased and insulted his mother first, causing anger, including having a knot in the land before standing and waiting to surrender to the police. The accused had a history of mental illness in the case of Mr. Decha Petcharakul, 38, who used a shotgun to shoot Mrs. Jintana Klaob. Aunt-in-law and Mrs. Zhu Tiang Battle Squad Aunt-in-law Died inside the house at Moo 1, Huay Yung Subdistrict, Nuea Klong District, Krabi Province. On the evening of February 7, 2023, before bringing the firearm used in the crime, he surrendered to the police. Krabi police took evidence at The Nuea Klong Police Station by collecting gunpowder stains on their hands and bringing out firearms for examination. It was found to be a 5-round automatic shotgun with a valid registration. Mr. Dacha He confessed that he admitted to having committed the crime because he couldn't stand the fact that the 2 dead people liked to gossip about him often, tried not to care, and thought that he would move to another place as well, but on the day of the incident, he heard that both of them had taken their stories to gossip again, so he asked Mrs. Jintana why he took him to gossip. And he didn't think about escaping. He immediately surrendered himself to the police and admitted the crimes he committed. The police interrogated the relatives of the perpetrators and learned that Mr. Decha had a history of receiving treatment for mental illness before at Suan Saranrom Hospital, Surat Thani province. Nowadays, there is a profession of selling fresh fish and people who do not drink alcohol, do not smoke, and do not get involved in drugs, but they are regularly spoken to by the deceased because the house is next door. After this, all the witnesses at the crime scene will be examined, before being sent to the next detention center. Pol. Col. Apichart Jinaphen, director of the Nuea Klong Police Department, said he had to see if the accused was voluntary because it was the right of the accused and because it was a brutal case. As for the initial allegations of intentional manslaughter, will it be considered deliberate? The bodies of the 2 deceased must be temporarily stored at the PrachaSantisuk Krabi Foundation because the coffins cannot be packed because they are stuck on Wednesday, which the villagers consider to be not auspicious.
"Benz Damon" is under heavy pressure to return to Thailand and surrender to cyber police tomorrow.|Benz Damon sends lawyers to cyber police To prepare to surrender tomorrow afternoon. In order to obtain details of the allegations and to coordinate the bail application, the "Bright Division" went to testify. At 9:00 a.m. on February 8, 2023, sources revealed that on the afternoon of February 9, the lawyers of Benz Damon or Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn will meet with the cyber police to find out the guidelines for surrendering, what charges have been filed and whether they can apply for bail. However, it was noted that the request for the surrender of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn was partly due to the heavy pressure of the police. The B.C.O.T. passed operation Macau 888 in all 4 Ep. Access to Hong Kong SAR of the People's Republic of China It is free of visa or visa-free for up to 30 days at a time, which is due on February 15. Must leave Hong Kong also today (February 8). Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration B.C.S.M. THE ISSUE TO BE EXAMINED IS THE ACQUISITION OF LUXURY CONDOS IN THE CHAROEN NAKHON AREA AND THE LUXURY CARS USED, AS WELL AS OTHER ISSUES RELATED TO MONEY LAUNDERING OR NOT.
Retribution of "Bright Division" detained for 7 days Further interrogation|"Bright Division" visited the investigating officer of the BST to be interrogated, with 2 police officers to take the exam. Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station after being disciplined due to lack of service on February 8, 2023. The Immigration Commissioner, Immigration Bureau, came to the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command or BPO. The latter last night left the detention room. Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station, after 7 days of detention, was disciplined due to lack of service by Lt. Col. Khunakorn. B.S.C. Around 9:45 a.m., he met with Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, a spokesman for the NCPO. HE THEN TOOK THE ELEVATOR OF THE COMMANDER TO THE 4TH FLOOR FOR INTERROGATION, WHICH WAS INTERROGATED BY MAJ. GEN. OMSIN TRARUNGRUANG, DEPUTY CHIEF OF POLICE, AND MAJ. GEN. PAIROJ SUKRUAITHANACHOTE, DEPUTY CHIEF OF POLICE. No one saw the expression on the face of Lt. Col. Khunakorn because he was wearing a hat. Wear a mask and goggles from the same observations as last night.
The police chief brushed off the news of the move of "The Director", Yan may not like it. Order a pub-screw|"Big Den" brushes off rumors of moving "Director" Yan No, revealing that they are working together. Some were 100% dissatisfied, which was highly anticipated, and had already cracked down on gambling and pubs at 11am on February 8, 2023, at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said the move rumours were "unacceptable." Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng The director said no, there will be a future part of it. I can't answer. For where the schematic is displayed. P.W.8 is the Director of P.W.8, P.W.8 is yoked to P.W.1 and P.W.1 is the Director of P.O.M. He could only answer this, having already cracked down on gambling and pubs. Every measure that is illegal, we're already tightening it. If there is information, an arrest will be carried out. The reporter asked if he was satisfied with the work of the director. Gen. Damrongsak said that when asked if he was satisfied with the work, they were working together, and there were some things that might be one hundred percent dissatisfied. Some are satisfied. Everyone's work is already highly anticipated. Every subordinate sometimes likes this, or dislikes it is common. The more you work, the more problems you will encounter, some likes, some dislikes, some common. Whoever does a lot of work will have a small flaw when he was deputy chief of staff. The police chief may order a lot of work, there will be some things that are not 100 percent working. Some things are almost one hundred percent done, but it's normal. If it doesn't work at all, there will be no damage.
Hand punching "eh jirakorn" The lawyer led the shopkeeper. 5 charges filed|"Eh Jirakorn" on the stage of Walk in 88 "Lawyer" Bring the shop owner to report to pratunam hotel to plead guilty to 5 criminal and civil charges because there are many damages to make a sample case at 10.00 a.m. on February 8, 2023 at Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station, Pathum Thani Province. The lawyer, along with Mr. Pattanachai Lamka, 45, the owner of Walk in 88, visited Lt. Col. Kriangkrai Saengyos. The inspector investigated Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station to file a grievance with the parties of Eh Jirakorn after the restaurant held a concert and a drunk customer went on stage and punched Eh in the face, causing the concert to stop playing, causing the restaurant to lose income. Because the store needs more new customers. People who are visiting him are already worried about whether they will be safe to visit the store. The store's additional arrangements are that it has already instructed the card company that the care must be more intensive than before, which the store wants to leave to new and old customers. From now on, the safety of the store will be more concentrated than before. I want all customers to be assured. Usually, each concert is held. The restaurant's revenue will be around 500,000 baht, but when that happens, the concert has to stop, the restaurant lacks revenue, and the restaurant's reputation will return to build its reputation or customer confidence will return to the same. The lawyer said he was accompanied by the shop owner and a partner today. Lt. Col. Kriangkrai Saengyos, the police inspector of Chulalongkorn Pratunam Police Station, to report the prosecution of Mr. Thanawat Skinthongngam or Gene, 29 years old, with 5 associates under Section 345 for ordering and consuming food or drink, knowing that he could not pay. Imprisonment not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding five hundred baht or both under Section 358 for damaging, destroying, depreciating or rendering useless the property of others. Guilty of causing loss of property Imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine not exceeding sixty thousand baht, or both, under Section 362, for entering another person's property or engaging in any act that interferes. Imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding twenty thousand baht or both under Section 365 provides that there is no reasonable ground to enter or hide in a residential area. Imprisonment not exceeding one year or a fine not exceeding twenty thousand baht or both under Section 378 for consuming alcohol or other drunk substances causing him to be drunk, disorderly or unconscious. A fine not exceeding five thousand baht is imposed. It is up to the investigators to determine which store has a lot of damage. Because hiring an artist costs a lot of money, and on the night of the incident, there are many tables of guests who don't pay for drinks, and the restaurant's reputation is damaged in the long run. Millions of baht in damages, both criminal and civil. The circumstances of the person who committed it have damaged many parts of yourself, eh. And I want this story to be an appeal to many tourists, not that anyone can come in and cause chaos and punch each other in the shop. All the words seemed to go back and forth. Especially when looking for an ex-boyfriend on a day when he wasn't at work. All words are quite binding on him, and are guilty of the above charges and drunkenness. It cannot be cited in law. He insisted on prosecuting the case hard and wanted the case to be an example. Don't do this anywhere, it's harmful to other people's bodies and minds. He faces multiple charges.
Police chief reiterates criminal and disciplinary offences ordered to expand Macau 888|"Chief Of Staff" Ordered to expand the results of the Macau 888 gambling case, reiterate the evidence of who needs to be prosecuted, as well as check the financial route. In connection with the opening of gambling websites and ordering attacks on administrators, the "Big Joke" was ordered to investigate and expand the results of all those involved, reiterating that if they were guilty of both criminal discipline on February 8, 2023, the Royal Thai Police Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said that in the case of Pol. Maj. Gen. involved in opening an online gambling website and ordering him to stomp on a young engineer who manages a gambling website, he said that after a complaint from the Sai Mai page, he had to survive and meet. Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, has ordered a straightforward prosecution of the case as senior police officers are involved in the complaint, which is currently being reported to be under investigation against the perpetrators. As well as examining the financial routes of all those involved, including the issuance of summonses or arrest warrants, it is the duty of the Working Group to consider the available parts. Police General Lieutenant Colonel Lieutenant Colonel was involved in the case. He, as a superior, was shocked, but insisted that he personally never knew. He was not a subordinate in the line of work and therefore did not know the history, but reiterated that if there is clear evidence of wrongdoing, he must be prosecuted for both criminal discipline without omission. Speaking about the Macau 888 case, Kittiprapas said he had received a progress report on the matter and had already ordered it to be extended to anyone who had to go accordingly. There is no mutual aid. If there is evidence against anyone, it will definitely be prosecuted. It has ordered all dimensions of gambling-related operations, including auditing financial trails. When asked about the case, the officer blamed the rank. Is it possible to drive a luxury car? DRONGSAK SAID HE WOULD CHECK THE PROGRESS AT 10:30 A.M. ON FEB. 8 AT THE ASSOCIATION OF INVESTIGATORS, THE POLICE CLUB. Vibhavadi Rangsit Road Mr. A, the victim, along with the Silk Road team, had to survive. Maj. Gen. Namkiat Theerarojanapong Director of Training Center Metropolitan Police Headquarters The chief investigator investigated the case. For further investigation for the third day, reporters asked during the testimony whether photographs of the accused had been taken to commit robbery. But the victim walked into the interrogation room and did not answer any questions.
Imprisonment of "Prasit Jiao kok" and 3 people for 2 months for violating the court Plan your escape|The Criminal Court sentenced Prasit Jiao kok to 2 months in prison without parole. Abuse of jurisdiction He escaped on February 8, 2023, at the Criminal Court, Ratchadapisek Road. The court held a hearing on the abuse of jurisdiction. Black Number L.E.1/2566 where the Director of the Office of the Director of the Criminal Court is the accused Mr. Prasit Jiao kok and 3 others are the accused. The report proposes that on December 22, 2022, accused No. 1, who was detained under a court warrant, asked accused No. 2 to prepare clothes to be delivered to the bathroom on the 9th floor of the Criminal Court Building, and the 3rd accused to prepare 11,000 Baht to be given to accused No. 1 at Courtroom 903 to escape. But the officers arrested accused No. 1 while fleeing. Therefore, he reported to the Director-General of the Criminal Court, where the court ordered a hearing on the allegations, with the accused no. 2-3 coming to court by appointment. As for Mr. Prasit, accused No. 1, the court conducted a video conference to the prison, where the court interrogated the three accused and then confessed to the accusations. It is believed that accused No. 1 tried to escape the control of the court, with accused No. 2 delivering clothes to the toilet of the court and accused No. 3 sending money to accused No. 1 for use in the escape. The actions of the three accused were disorderly conduct in court. The accused shall be found guilty of contempt of court under Section 31 (1), 33 of the Code of Criminal Procedure and Section 15 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. The three accused pleaded guilty. There is a mitigating circumstance. Reduce the penalty to half according to Article 78 of the Criminal Code. 2 months each to issue a warrant according to the verdict SPONSORED reporter reported that Mr. Prasit is the former chairman of the Return to The Land Project. Billionaire businessmen who own multiple business networks are directors of 10 companies with registered capital, each of which is in the hundreds of millions. After admitting to being behind the military's IO movement, he wanted the public to be aware of fake news by publicizing the military and attacking critics of the government. Investigating the case of Mr. Prasit and the guys in the B.C.C. section in the case of jointly defrauding the people. The Loan Act and the Comp Act, under the orders of the Central Investigation Officer, have already submitted the case to the public prosecutor, who had previously been scheduled to flee on December 22, 2022, which is the date of the court's hearing on the case of fraudulent investment of savings cooperatives, trade in services and mixed products. The damage limit is 1,000,009 baht, which is a new case that has just been filed in respect of the joint charges against the detainees under the authority of the Court of Chancery in accordance with Article 191 of the Criminal Code, first paragraph. Under Section 83, the accused persons who participated in the aid movement were prosecuted separately. Today, it's part of a court case.
"Jip Keetpat" informed the police. Misleading netizens News of "The Famous Heroine Buys Food"|"Jip Keetpat" police report The latter fell victim to the news. The heroine famously buys to eat. Take offense to netizens, pointing out the targets. Discredit and prosecute to the end. The person must receive the result of the action at 11.30 a.m. on February 8, 2023 at the Central Bureau of Investigation Police (CBI) Police Report Center. Miss Keetpat Antimanon or "Jip Keetpat", 39 years old, actress and actress, visited. Lieutenant-Colonel Sawarat Purisai, Senator (Investigation) Kg.1 To inform the relevant authorities. In the case of the news of a young heroine buying food that discredits herself. Mr. Siddharth It was revealed that after the incident, Jib had consulted to take offense to those involved, causing discredit, consisting of 3 people who used Facebook accounts, 2 tick-to-k accounts, who posted or made suggestive comments that the person in the clip was Nong Jib. This is to stop the spread of these pornographic clips that may cause misunderstanding and bring about the discredit of the victims' voices. "The news was too strong to handle because it wasn't true. At first it will pass, but as it begins to affect more and more lives, I have to ask for some clarification, because now there is a lot of fake news. Therefore, I want people to consciously choose to consume the news. Let's take this case as an example, what will be shared to remind him of his heart, our hearts, to be careful. The prosecution is requested to the end. Initially, the investigating officer received the matter and interrogated the victim. Before proposing the next commanding officer.
Bright has resigned from the police and has issued a summons to Dew Arisara.|Resigned from the police and "The Bright Guard" Capt. Khunakorn Kajonboonthavorn The case of the gambling website "Macau 888" confirms the original testimony that he did not know about his brother's gambling business. Meanwhile, the cyber police issued a summons to Dew Arisara to give a statement and check back whether there was any involvement at 10.30 a.m. on February 8, 2023 at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Spokesperson for the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI) A statement on the progress of the break-up of the Macau 888 betting network and related websites, stating that the lawyers of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon coordinated to meet with the investigating officer, the MINISTRY of Public Works, announced the progress of the investigation. To discuss the surrender this afternoon. Recently, I was informed that I would like to postpone it to tomorrow. However, if Benz Damon returns to Thailand, he will have to go through the immigration process, in which case the accused has an arrest warrant. The police were able to arrest him immediately. Sending a coordinating attorney to surrender is therefore not necessary, the spokesperson said. B.S.C. He said that in the case of Bright, who entered further testimony earlier this morning, he had not been charged. Investigators already have guidelines for setting up inquiries. As for how it will be relevant, it will have to wait to hear the testimony again, which is the right of the Bright defenders to testify. Investigators will not believe all of them, but will gather evidence. IF THERE IS A CONNECTION TO THE GAMBLING WEBSITE, IT WILL BE CARRIED OUT WITHOUT THE SPONSOR, AND THE BEHAVIOR OF THE BRIGHT-HEADED DEFENDER, WHICH ACTRESS DEW ARISARA UNFOLDED, ABOUT THE BEHAVIOR OF VISITING WOMEN AT THE BEAUTY CLINIC. Not to perform that duty, it's personal, but in the chain of command. You have to look at that kind of behavior. What will the responsible supervisors think? In this case, the police issued a total of 55 arrest warrants for the accused on charges of gambling and money laundering, arresting 46 people, 12 of whom are still on the run. The cyber police will coordinate the Foreign Affairs Division. The Royal Thai Police, in coordination with Interpol, is considering issuing a red notice, which is in the process of preparing a copy of the investigation, a copy of the arrest warrant, a copy of the photograph and the reprimand, and details that will link to the basis of the offense. Extradition section There are some countries that do not have treaties, but diplomatic requests for the extradition of the accused are available for the deportation of the accused, for macau 888 websites, there are 6 websites involved, and 5,500 million baht in circulation was found only during the period of investigation, and now the police can seize the property as a house. Actress Dew Arisara, who posted information about the Macau 888 gambling site, may have to consider issuing a summons to testify and check whether it is related to the gambling site at the 4th floor meeting room. Bright Defenders Capt. Khunakorn Kajonboonthavorn The Deputy Inspector General of Immigration Departure, Immigration Bureau, came to the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes or BOC to give an interrogation that lasted more than 2 hours before leaving without giving an interview to the media. After leaving the interrogation room on the 4th floor, he walked up to the 6th floor through the fire escape staircase before going down the elevator to the 1st floor of the building to avoid the media who were monitoring the side. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pairoj Sukruaithanachote, deputy chief of police, said today that he invited Bright to testify as a witness, providing useful information to the case and having some information that was consistent with the investigation data. The investigation is ongoing. It is an investigation into several issues that are suspected. If other information is found, an extended investigation will be conducted, which will continue to confirm the original testimony. Is to deny that it is not affiliated with an online gambling site. Macau 888 is considered a right, while the authorities will examine the financial route and property route of the bright defender, to see where the income comes from, which will be done in parallel. After this, the examination will be called periodically, and the next exam will be called soon. He is currently on duty at Immigration Division 2 and is also reportedly in custody with the police. This is partly due to the heavy pressure of the police. Through Operation Macau 888 all 4 EP, there is also another important issue, passport Thailand. Access to Hong Kong SAR of the People's Republic of China It is free of charge or visa-free for up to 30 days at a time, which is due on February 15. HAVING TO LEAVE HONG KONGSPONSORED AT THE SAME TIME, IT WAS REPORTED THAT BEFORE THE Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn or Deputy Commissioner of Immigration will meet with the investigating officer. He has submitted a letter of resignation from the government service in accordance with the regulations of the Royal Thai Police. It was filed in the hierarchy through Lt. Col. Ying Kanpicha. Kaew Pad, Senator of The Outgoing Immigration Department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station to Lt. Col. Ying Rungthip Gold Spike Outbound Immigration Superintendent Suvarnabhumi International Airport reiterates that I, Lt. Col. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, deputy senator for the outbound immigration department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station, 2nd Army, have commenced service on October 1, 2015, wishing to resign from the government service in case of submitting a letter of resignation less than 30 days in advance due to taking care of their aging father. Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration Department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station.
Mire. 11 foreigners smuggled into the city to sell roti-kebabs Khao San Road, a thai occupation|Investigation Kit 1 Raids on Khao San Road and Rambuttri gathered 11 Myanmar gangs and fled the city. Opened Roti, Kebab Shop Khao San Road, a thai occupation Submit further legal proceedings, the reporter reported. On February 7, 2023, Lt. Col. Kajaphon Pathamang, Director of Investigation, 1st Army Corps of Engineers We have received complaints from the public that inside Khao San Road and Soi Rambuttri. The district won the war. In Bangkok, there were many foreigners who opened shops in the form of trolleys, selling roti, kebabs, which is a prohibited occupation, to compete with Thai occupations. TO CONDUCT AN INVESTIGATION AND ARREST SPONSORED BY THE POLICE. Investigating Kg. 1, disguised as a tourist, went to check according to the people's clues. There are aliens who come to open roti and kebab shops. Therefore, he presented himself as an immigration police officer and showed his ID card to the alien. Many aliens swayed and ran away. The police were able to detain all Myanmar nationals. The 11 cases were: 1. Mr. Ta-ong, 21 years old, 2. Mr. Moyam-e, 20 years old, 3. Mr. Hong Tay, 33 years old, 4. Mr. Wu, 25 years old, 5. Mr. Toray, 19, 6. Mr. Meeso, 30 years old, 7. Mr. Au Joon, 33 years old, 8. Miss Lenevy, 29, 9. Ms. Sane Tui, 33, 10. Ms. Waw, 46, and Ms. Mumu, 28, who during the inspection of the 11 Myanmar nationals, were unable to show their passports and work permits to the authorities. It is an offence under Section 8 of the Alien Work Management Act B.E. 2560 (No. 2) B.E. 2561 and all admit to having smuggled into the Kingdom via the border with Thailand and opened a shop selling roti, kebabs and other goods with both Thai and foreign customers. The average daily income without deducting costs reaches 1,000-1,500 baht, causing a lot of trouble for Thais who trade properly in the area. policeman Police Investigation 1 Therefore, the 11 foreigners of Myanmar nationality were informed that they "are foreigners entering and staying in the Kingdom without permission and without passing the immigration officer's examination at the legal permitted channels and are foreigners working outside of their rights." To comply with the law. Next, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, who was assigned to the S.M. It is the main unit. To conduct investigations and enforce laws against foreigners who behave inappropriately while residing in Thailand. Illegal acts Pose a danger to the peace and safety of people's lives and property. This causes damage to the image of the country or transnational mobs lurking to commit crimes against Thais or foreigners, using Thailand as a base for committing crimes. Under the command of Lt. Gen. Pakpoompipat Axiom Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel Pandhana Nuchanat Deputy Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Piyaanan Tosakulwong 1st Lieutenant, Lt. Col. Rapeepat Utsaha, Deputy Chief of Police 1 Responsible for the investigation work, which has ordered the expedited investigation of illegal aliens. Avoid paying income taxes by taking advantage of bona fide livelihood entrepreneurs, as well as hiring foreigners to work in violation of the provisions of the law in the area of responsibility.
"Bright defenders" asked to resign to fight the Macau 888 case, not wanting to damage the company.|Maj. Gen. Montree Pancharoen 2nd Lieutenant Pook talks to "Bright Guy" personally. I want to resign from the government to fight the case. "Macau 888" does not want to damage the organization or its superiors on February 8, 2023. 2nd Lieutenant Immigration Office Revealing the case of Lt. Col. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, Deputy Inspector of Outgoing Immigration Department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station, 2nd Army Or Bright Division submitted a letter of resignation from the government service due to the health care of the aging father, saying that at the moment the matter has not been officially received. It does not need to be filed with the commander or the commander, as there is no authority to sign the approval. But the book has to be reported up in a hierarchy where he hasn't seen it yet. However, in the past, he had spoken to Mr. Bright personally, and he said he wanted to resign from the government service to fight the case. Not wanting to damage the organization or his superiors, Maj. Gen. Montri said that in disciplinary action against The Bright Division, he had already punished him for being found to be absent from the service, but if he faced criminal charges while still a police officer without resigning. The agency will report that it will face criminal charges, which will require the establishment of a committee to investigate the facts in parallel with the incident, but in case of resignation from the service, they will be prosecuted like normal civilians. Stir-fried glass Inspector of Immigration Arrivals, Suvarnabhumi Airport Immigration, Immigration Police Division, confirmed that The Resignation Letter of Lt. Col. Bright that was published on social media is a real official letter that Mr. Bright wishes to submit his will from February 1, the day of his report after returning from abroad to him for consideration as a supervisor. They will then submit the case to their superiors. It is currently in the administrative process, which, if approved, will take effect immediately on February 8.
The commanding officer ordered an urgent chase. Gangster shoots policeman, Pak Chong police station - takes care of welfare|The police officer ordered a chase for the assailant, shooting him in the face. Lieutenant Governor (M.P.) Pak Chong police officer died and prosecuted quickly. The point is that it cannot be tolerated—it cannot be let go. The police are fully committed to the welfare of police families on February 8, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong Royal Thai Police spokesman Revealing the case of patrol police officers Pak Chong police officer was shot and killed while on duty, police said, adding that the incident happened on the night of February 7 at around 21.10 a.m. Pak Chong Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, 29 years old, on patrol duty. On Pak Chong-Nong Maka Road (Municipality 5), Ban Nong Noi Moo 12 Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province The suspect blue Honda Wave motorcycle was found to have tampered with a loud pipe, so he called for an investigation, but the culprit did not stop, so he drove to follow. Until the patrol motorcycle fell. The villain escapes. Officers attempted first aid, then took him into custody. Pol. Maj. Gen. Attapol sent Pak Chong Nana Hospital and later died, the police spokesman said. Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom P.W.3 inspected the crime scene, expedited the investigation and followed the culprit to prosecute the case quickly, which is considered an outrageous act, not afraid of the laws of the city. Compliance with tactics to ensure safety in the performance of duties. The investigative approach is currently progressing reasonably well. He asked for time for the officers to work, but insisted that this case, the police chief attaches importance to, directing all parties to go to the area from the night of the incident to chase down the culprit. You can't let it go. The Police Chief expressed his condolences over the incident to the family. The deceased, who had served with courage and the spirit of the police, was the loss of a police officer. Brave police officers ready to take care of welfare FULL BENEFITS ARE FULLY SPONSORED, WHILE PAKCHONG POLICE CHIEF COL. CHAT NARONG SAID THE CASE WAS PROGRESSING LATE LAST NIGHT. Pol. Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom, 3rd District Commander, inspected the scene and offered encouragement and initial assistance to the parents of Attapol who died while on duty. The police force was organized both to investigate Region 3 and to investigate from the Nakhon Ratchasima Provincial Division. Find out the details from the CCTV on the page. Pak Chong police found that the culprit came alone, riding a blue or black Honda Wave motorcycle. After reaching the tree roundabout, turn right toward Holiday Park resort or Phupiman Resort, pass through Ban Kok village, and check the area of that road to see cctv cameras in the villagers' houses. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pornchai Nalawachai, Deputy Chief of Police, P.O.3, called. Lt. Col. Narong Sewok, Deputy Chief of Police, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Pol. Col. Chat Narong, Pak Chong Police Chief, with police force 3, Detective Nakhon Ratchasima police and Pak Chong police held a stressful meeting at the meeting room on the 2nd floor of Pak Chong Police Station for more than 3 hours until 2.30 pm. Pak Chong Police Department by asking the Police Commissioner Pak Chong. When asked, he said he was working hard. When the case is loosened, when will it be notified for the history of The Associated Press? Chief Of Staff (P.) Pak Chong School, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, graduated from primary school at Banna High School (Prasit Wittayakarn) Police Officer Class 11 from Police Training Center Region 3 Joho 66, age 29 years, salary rate Grade 1 Step 21.5 Salary 11,860 baht On February 1, 2020, performing the duties of the 2nd motorcycle patrol according to the Anti-Suppression Work Order of Pak Chong Police Station No. 12/2566 dated January 31, 2023, the character of cheerful, clear, loving friends, diligent in the work of setting up a charity meeting at Wat Pong Krasang. Nong Nam Daeng District Pak Chong, Nakhon Ratchasima  The funeral ceremony from Pak Chong Nana Hospital with the national flag covering the body. On February 9, 2023, the funeral mass will be held from February 9-11, 2023 at 7:30 p.m. 12 February 2023 at 16.00 hrs.
Search the warehouse with the brand name "Benz Damon" sq. Gaddlamborghini - changed the color of the car (clip)|Cyber police go ahead with Macau Action Plan 888 EP.5 Treasure hunt for gambling network, raid warehouse "Benz Damon" The eldest brother, 4 B., found a lot of brand-name items. Searching for the only Lamborghini in Thailand The car was found to have changed hands and changed the color of the car to gray at 13.00 on February 8, 2023. Deputy Commissioner of Police Lt. Col. Kritchat Bamrungrattanayos, Deputy Chief of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Narawat Khampilo Deputy Chief of Staff 4 Lead the police force. B.C.S.O. with search warrant in Thanyaburi Provincial Court Operation Macau 888 EP.5 searched a warehouse in Khu Khot district, Pathum Thani province, after tracking cctv footage from "Mark Condominium", a 50-storey luxury condominium in the heart of Sukhumvit, Bangkok, which was the residence of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon, 38 years old, the eldest brother of the 4-baht family who was killed by Dew Arisara. The famous actor unfolded the online gambling website "Macau 888", which appears from CCTV footage, hired a private company to transport the property, escaped before the police searched. However, it was reported that the search was carried out. The police also got important clues from the warehouse owner. The owner of the warehouse also cooperated well with the police search. However, the property found in the warehouse was packed in more than 60 large cardboard boxes, containing clothes, shoes, brand-name bags. The authorities are in the process of inspecting all of the assets. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat said that from the investigative guidelines, he knew that the warehouse was owned by Mr. Chaiwat. Kajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon has a monthly rental of 12,000 baht for six months starting from February 1. The two transporters, who appear on CCTV footage, are under investigation, but authorities have not been able to reveal who they are and whether they are involved. The police chased the CCTV of the condo until they found 2 pickup trucks carrying the property to this warehouse, which is believed to be the reason for using this warehouse due to privacy, sealedness, high security and 24-hour security guards. Valuables such as jewelry, gold or cash are expected to be stored in other warehouses. Police are also tracking the Lamborghini madbull liberty walk Aventador V2, the only supercar in Thailand and the seventh in the world. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THE CURRENT COLOR OF THIS LAMBORGHINI CAR SHOULD HAVE TURNED GRAY AND IS BELIEVED TO STILL BE IN THAILAND.
The 3rd District Commander believed that the culprit had shot him in the face. Pak Chong Police Department coming soon|Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom P.O.C.3 Reveals progress in tracking down the assailant, shooting him in the face. Lieutenant Governor (M.P.) Pak Chong police officer dies Locals are expected to find clues. Cars He is believed to have been arrested shortly after the case at 21.15 a.m. on the night of February 7, 2023. Pak Chong Police Station received a report of a police patrol 191 of Pak Chong Police Station who was shot and seriously injured on The Khao Thai Sayant Road - Pak Chong Police Station. Village 12 Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Pol. Col. Chat Narong, pakchong police chief, led forces to investigate the scene, along with the rescuers of Sawang Wicha Thammasat Foundation. Meet Lieutenant Colonel Attapol Boonmee, Group Director (P.) Pak Chong Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, 29 years old, was shot in the face with 7 wounds, lying unconscious and covered in blood on the roadside. On February 8, 2023, Lt. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom P.O.C.3 He said the police are currently in the process of investigating. It was initially assumed that the culprit was probably a local, as on the night of the incident, a patrol police officer was killed. The suspect attempted to drive away before pulling out a shotgun and fatally shooting the patrol officer to death. He also stressed that all patrol officers should be on duty with concise and caution. All patrols are well trained, but sometimes they get stuck in certain things and are unable to follow the tactics they have trained to make this happen in search of the culprit. He believes he will soon be able to bring legal proceedings.
Another scandal. Police officer accused of drunk driving - yelling at Mala shop Alcohol measured 126 (clip)|Police officers drove up the sidewalk. Hit a customer at Mala shop in Saphan Mai district, injuring 4 people, measuring 126 milligrams of alcohol per cent. Bangkhen Police Department Confirming the case fairly on both sides at 4.00 p.m. on February 8, 2023, Lt. Col. Sarawut Butdee, Deputy Director (Investigation) Bangkhen Police Station Revealing the accident in front of ma-la shop The victims feared that they would not receive justice because the driver was a policeman who said that after the incident, the driver was taken to Theprak Road. Initially, the investigators interrogated and charged him with reckless driving causing serious injury. Reckless driving causes damage to other people's property, including drunk driving, as the alcohol content is measured at 126 milligrams per cent. As for the issues that victims fear will not be brought to justice. We insist that both parties will be fair, while gathering evidence, both individuals and material witnesses at the scene of the incident. At 10:40 p.m. on February 6, Lt. Col. Wiwat Mahathep Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Bangkhen Police Department received an accident report in front of Mala Chen Family Store (New Bridge Branch). Along Theprak Road, near Soi Theprak 33, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok, they went to check with the staff of the Po Tek Tueng Foundation sponsored the scene of the accident as an outbound road. Head to Watcharapol Found a black Honda car, registration Number 4191, Bangkok, parked, the car was damaged, the front bumper was damaged. In addition, four Mala customers were found injured, and officers rushed them to a nearby hospital. Lt. Col. Ekpong Ariyadib, of the Crowd Control Division, was the driver of the vehicle. The officers then detained him to check the alcohol content at Bang Khen Police Station. The driver of the vehicle reportedly claimed that while driving along the said route before the scene of the accident, the car drove in front of him, made a U-turn at a short distance, and then broke away, causing him to lose his footing and hit the ma-la shop. There were also closed-circuit footage in front of the Mala store. Recorded the incident while dozens of customers were eating in front of the restaurant. The party's car drove into the store, causing customers to break up. Some were injured and the store's property was damaged.
Dr. Prem was shot during the siege and was awarded 2.7 million baht.|"Big Ood-Sompong Ching-duong" Assistant The Police Chief presided over the funeral ceremony. Dr. Prem, Group Director (M.S.) Wiang Chai Police Station, Chiang Rai province, received a 5-step, 4-tier gratuity as inspector with a grant of 2.7 million baht at 2:00 p.m. on February 8, 2023. Chief Of Staff (M.S.) Wiang Chai Police Station, Chiang Rai Province, Ban Huai Sak Funeral Home, Moo 9 T.Yanghom Khuntan District, Chiang Rai Province, with the honor of Lt. Gen. Piya Tavichai P.O. Box 5 Lt. Col. Painter Palkawong Na Ayutthaya, Director, Wiangchai Police Department Mr. Yanawut Sudpimsri Sheriff Wiang Chai Mr. Adirek Laithaisong Sheriff Khun Tan, along with heads of government agencies, close relatives and villagers, attended the ceremony in large numbers. Khuntan has a wife, Mrs. Pimmada Tantui. Their daughters and sons, aged 14 and 4, respectively, Dr. Prem, nicknamed "F," died in the line of duty to search for firearms, according to a subpoena. On the morning of February 4, at chaiyaphum house. M.10 Wiang Chai Subdistrict, Wiang Chai District, Chiang Rai Province It is heartbreaking for his wife and children, as well as for his classmates and colleagues who were very informed of the news after his death. The Royal Thai Police Office (Sq.) has considered the gratuity of merit, promoted to the rank of 4 ranks, 5 ranks, salary from the rank of "Police Sword" to "Police Major" with a grant of 2.7 million baht, and was presented with the Royal Elephant Royal Insignia and a royal chest for use in the funeral ceremony. It's still a tragedy. Dr. Prem's children and parents are still unable to bear the loss and are not ready to talk about the loss.
Family of 18 claimed to have been deposited into the military-police, 20 victims and more than 3 million|Police officers gathered eighteen crowns of their families to enlist in the military-police service. Scammers take money for processing fees. More than 20 believers agreed to pay more than 3 million baht on February 8, 2023. Lieutenant-Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel command Lt. Col. Eksit Pansita, 4th Lt. Col. Kittipong Silaphan, 4th Lt. Col. Kittipong Silaphan, 4th Lt. Col. Kalapong Silaphan, arrested Mr. Chaleo Bamrungthai, 60, on an arrest warrant in Phitsanulok District Court. The charges of "joint fraud" include 8 arrest warrants and Mrs. Wandee Bamrungthai, 56, according to an arrest warrant issued by the Phitsanulok District Court. Accused of "joint fraud" caught at a fresh market in Tak Tok In mid-2022, Mr. Chaleo and Mrs. Wandee, both accused, joined forces with Siekthanarat Bamrungthai. His son, who was still serving in the military at the 3rd Army Region Headquarters, deceived local villagers in Phitsanulok province by claiming that he could take his children to military or police service, but had to pay 250,000 baht for each operation, until more than 20 believers agreed to pay them, totaling more than 3 million baht. Before finally coming to know that it is a money scam. Therefore, they informed the police until a warrant was issued for their arrest, and the two suspects were still on the run. The arresting officers learned that the two were currently hiding in the area. THEREFORE, THE ARRESTING FORCE WAS LED TO INVESTIGATE THE TWO ACCUSED. Just ask to be heard in court. Initially, the case was brought to the Bang Krathum Police Station for further legal proceedings.
Catch Kacondo Ex-bank girl cheats on customer deposit, transfers 36 million into boyfriend's account|Police raided a former bank girl and her husband for cheating on a 36 million customer deposit for personal expenses, the investigation also denied on February 8, 2023, at the Economic Crimes Suppression Division .... Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Commanding Officer Pol. Maj. Gen. Puttidej Boonkrap Lieutenant-Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel M.P. Sripirom 5th Lieutenant Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel 5th Army Corps of Engineers Lead the arrest force. Ms. Lata Kittiwattanaphap, 33, under Criminal Court Warrant No. 276/2566, 278/2566, charged with "conspiring to steal employers and employees of financial institutions, committing unlawful exploitation for themselves". Mr. Bharanu Thachsaringkarnsakul, 36 years old, according to criminal court arrest warrant No. 277/2566, charged with conspiracy to commit burglary or receiving stolen goods, arrested both at room no. 295/218, 20th floor, a condo in Asoke. Earlier, representatives of 2 construction companies deposited cash cheques into a bank to pay debts owed to the bank, totaling 36,202,965.18 baht. Ms. Lata was an employee of the Bank who was in charge of supervising and coordinating, but later it turned out that the entire balance was not used to pay off the bank's debts. This led to a fact-checking operation that revealed that Ms. Lata had secretly deposited the cash cheque into Mr. Bharanu's bank account. Boyfriend before spending on personal expenses The bank's representative then informed the investigating officer, Kg. 5, Bokpo, that led to the issuance of an arrest warrant and the arrest of the two accused.  Both accused denied it. Sent to the investigating officer Kg.5 The police continued to prosecute the case, said that in this case, the perpetrator was a bank employee who had knowledge and understanding of the banking and financial system. Therefore, they rely on the blanks in the text indicated on the cheque, secretly transferring the money that must be paid to the bank as their own. As a result of the investigation, there is clear evidence. AFTER THIS, THE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS WILL CONTINUE.
Pattaya City In fact, fined 2 thousand bolt drivers for traffic jamming "BODYCAM", emphasizing transparency.|Chonburi Transport took action, joined the Pattaya City Police, fined 2,000 baht, bolt drivers parked to pick up and drop off customers on the beach, traffic with "BODYCAM" camera, emphasizing transparency, no corruption problems, responding to the policy of the Police Commissioner, warning if there is a 2nd time suspended driving license for 90 days, if the 3rd time confiscates the driver's license - no exception at 18.00 on February 8, 2023. Transport Chonburi with Lt. Col. Arun Saphanon Pattaya City Council Lead transport officers Traffic police and operations The Chonburi Provincial Government has randomly detected people who use private cars to pick up and drop off Thai and foreign tourists through the popular Bolt application. Pattaya Beach Road This is a spot where there is a lot of smuggling of customers. Initially, the transport authorities issued an order and compared the maximum fine to 2,000 baht for the offense of "misuse of the wrong type of car". The Pattaya City Police, who participated in this operation, installed BODYCAM cameras on their chests and helmets to prevent corruption and transparency in their work. The bodycam can be recorded for more than 20 days. Police officers equipped with cameras are required to submit their footage files to the traffic office. In accordance with the policy of the high command, especially The police officer who ordered the arrest was made. The officer warned all offenders and informed that if any driver is caught violating the law for the second time, he or she will be suspended for 90 days. More than 700 boat drivers have been found to have been arrested in the Pattaya area, however, authorities will continue to randomly check and make arrests.
Catch a junkie. The attacker grabbed a knife and stabbed his mother. I can't find the key.|Police detective Ang Thong police station followed the lantern tradition. After the stabbing of her mother. He claimed to have used it to pick up the key, but his mother couldn't find it, and she checked the pee into four purples. Tell me your remorse and want your mother to be angry at 8:30 p.m. on Feb. 8, 2023, at the Nguan Chiang Festival or lantern parade. Godfather Guan Yu Talat Luang Subdistrict, Muang District, Ang Thong Province At 8.30 p.m. on February 8, 2023, police officers from the Investigation Unit of Muang Ang Thong Police Station arrested him. Natchak Boonlert, 46, who killed his mother last evening. You can catch yourself walking around the Nguan Chiang Festival or the Traditional Lantern Parade. Godfather Guan Yu Talat Luang He was detained for questioning at Pho Thong Police Station and a urine test revealed that he had narcotics. Mr. Natchak (the perpetrator) testified that he asked his mother to pick up the keys, but he couldn't find them, so he grabbed the keys and stabbed him. He came out of the house to go to a traditional lantern festival and was arrested by the police. I'm realized, and I want my mother to give me a first chance. The police thoroughly investigated the perpetrators before detaining them for further legal proceedings.
"5 brutal killings" Hmong family brutally shot and stabbed 3 month old baby|The bodies of a Hmong family in Tak were found brutally shot and stabbed in a farm by the creek, savage children were killed, 3 as young as 3 months old, on February 8, 2023. Tak revealed that today at 10.00 a.m., he was informed by Chief Srireerak (Pang Zinc). M.11 Chiang Thong, Wang Chao Tak The body was found about 10 kilometers away from the village. Pol. Maj. Gen. P.P. Bodeepitak The Inspector General acknowledged and went to check with Lt. Col. Karun Wongchanrommani, Detective Director The scene of the accident was a farm along the Nagiri creek. Five Hmong bodies were found in the same family. He has a husband, wife and 3 children. Investigators found gunshot and stab wounds. The cause is still unknown. The basic names are: 1. Mr. Chow Manpattanakarn, 46 years old (husband), 2. Ms. Chiya Saeng, 34 years old (wife), 3. Dr. C.C. Phipiboon 10 years old, 4. Dr. Ekkapol Manpattanakarn, 7 years old, and 5. In addition, at the scene, one 9mm shell casing was found and a black plastic bag containing ginger was found. The officers then collected all the found items and examined them. Preliminary tomorrow (Feb. 9) Officers will continue to investigate the scene thoroughly.
Ordered to issue "Pattaya City Police Sword" to seize e-cigarettes to extort money from Chinese tourists|Maj. Gen. Kampol Leelapraphaphon The Chonburi Police Chief has ordered the Pattaya City Police Department to issue a government order beforehand. In the case of catching e-cigarettes extorting 60 thousand Chinese tourists, even if he refuses, telling that he has always worked in the case of the Professional Tour Guides Association of Thailand unfolding behavior in the middle of the trending list that there is a police sword of the Pattaya City Police, Chonburi province, extorting money from Chinese tourists in the case of carrying e-cigarettes at the price of 60,000 baht before negotiating to 30,000 baht, with photos confirming later on the evening of January 31, 2023. Maj. Gen. Kampol Leelapraphaphon The Chonburi Police Chief has issued an urgent order to order a preliminary investigation to know that the person appearing in the news photo is Dr. Nopakrit Pornwattanatanakit. Director of Traffic Pattaya City Police Preliminary investigation is believed to have occurred as it appears in the news, so that the facts are settled. Therefore, the Chonburi Provincial Police has order No. 34/2566 dated January 31, 2023 for Dr. Nopakrit Pornwattanatanakit to perform his duties at the Chonburi Provincial Police Operation Center without performing his duties and order No. 35/2566 dated January 31, 2023 appointing a fact-finding committee. February 1, 2019 Mrs. Vijitra Chamnanjsiri The director of the Anti-Corruption Office in The Public Sector District 2 along with his delegation came to Pattaya City Police Station, Chonburi province, to collect evidence and information, especially cctv cameras in front of Pattaya Police Station, which were recorded during the negotiations for a period of time. THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE P.P.T. to report to the Prime Minister until February 7, 2023, has ordered letter No. 42/2566 dated February 7, 2023 to appoint an investigation committee. P.W.Chonburi No. 43/2566 dated February 7, 2023 to Dr. Nopakrit Pornwattanatanakit Director of Traffic Pattaya City Police has left the government service and has instructed the Pattaya Police Station. Take legal action against the accused in the latest order today, February 8, 2023. Chonburi police chief Said initially After appearing on social media, the list went viral. The police are investigating the matter. As a result of the investigation, Khun Phaisarn, who is the Thai Tour Guides Association, gave more information that this happened, and then contacted the guide who was with the tourist, had an interview with each other via WeChat system, and confirmed that this incident actually happened. There was a call for money not to arrest and prosecute tourists who had e-cigarettes, and suggested that there was a basis for both serious disciplinary offenses and criminal offenses, when it came to the Chonburi Provincial Police, we set up a serious disciplinary investigation committee and ordered to leave the service. As for the criminal offense, in the matter of claiming or agreeing to receive benefits, and it is a matter of the authorities, it is ordered that the source is the area where the incident occurred, namely the Pattaya Hotel. All petitions are prosecuted in accordance with their authority.
"Chuvit" unfolds Macau 888 dead because of Nari Destroyer, Intimidation, Inspector Sua|"Chuvit" "Macau 888" dies because of "Nari Destroyer" Launched "Inspector Sua" as a group of gambling collectors, relying on uniform stains to eat, and holding hands of people fleeing human trafficking to open massage parlors, threatening the "Police Chief" to give until Monday, must dare to slash on February 9, Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a famous former politician. Personal Facebook post "Chuvit Kamolvisit" pictures and messages At around 10 p.m. on Nov. 8, the name "Macau 888" died because of a destroyer, not a policeman. The first one was named Benz (Dew's ex-girlfriend). The deputy boss, Big, and Bright who are the cops if The director will manage "online gambling" very easily. Nowadays, the police do it mostly themselves. These guys don't do police work, driving supercars back and forth, but it appears that "Macau 888" of 4 brothers. He didn't get arrested by the police, but pushed to get hit by "Nari Destroyer" for Dew to unfold because he was attacked in the face when he was a girlfriend in front of his family. No one can stop it. When they broke up, the 10-year-old wasn't too late, and the police had to move along. Chasing, chasing, pressuring, even though they knew it, paid tribute regularly, and then pushed to give 4 brothers time to flee, the police poked "Mind". Son of a former general Benz Confidant According to a big music organizer company, fleeing to Hong Kong now, all received a signal from the good General "J" to help with 500 million, but the police or they will fight the revenge of Nari Dew. When it's not over, you have to catch it. Instead, it is evident that the "online gambling" that is made to be huge, the owner is also a "police officer", there are also many herds living as ticks lurking in this way, the police organization is broken, even though there are 3 large agencies to control cyber. Before someone can resign from the police. BUT MACAU 888 IS CALLED JUST SIZE S BECAUSE SIZE L IS "INSPECTOR SUA OF THE GROUP", GROWING WITH TENS OF BILLIONS IN CIRCULATION. Use the connection "School P.P. Sam phran" Connect to General "J", an alumnus of P.O. as well, and use only elite subordinates who are all graduates of P.O.P. Today, he is a lieutenant colonel and has set up his own "cooperative". Opened a dozen companies to buy "La Lisa", an open massage parlor, and a joint venture with "Kampol Victoria", a man who fled human trafficking cases, had an arrest warrant, but had an appointment to eat with the former. The director of the "S" in the middle of the hotel in Ratchada area regularly. The police who make online gambling rely on the stains of their uniforms to eat. Most of them are police courses. He trained for only 3 months and became a lieutenant colonel of Inspector Sua, but before he was in cyber, he was a store for other gambling websites to send to the general. "E" that today, even though he is no longer in cyberspace, still eats a fraction of the money from online gamblers. Just a fraction of a month, tens of millions because you know the channel used to pay now. Inspector Sua moved to the Maintenance Division (Civil), usually civil works with the building. Construction work, but sua tricky on the air (online gambling), just putting your name on it, not doing the work, never signing the time book (I know because I took a picture of the time book. Please don't write backwards, falsify official documents, heavy penalties.) Recipe for success Wear a uniform Long-haired, driving a supercar, taking money over the head of a senior police officer, Inspector Sua's slogan is "Know everything, except for the job, go anywhere except the office, every unit needs to be separated from the Royal Thai Police". Police chief Den wants the police organization to be better, must have the courage to deal with all the online police to be dismissed. Initially, "Inspector Sua" only gives until next Monday. If I don't deal with it, I can't find that I've corrupted the police organization. The police are degraded because of the police themselves. If you are late, you will find another destroyer like Macau 888, I say here, "Don't contact me, don't get cleared, pay anyone, but if you don't fire Inspector Sua, who is both a police officer and a boss, you will leave. Importantly, this year, the police chief and the police chief will also be gone, so it's the Thai New Year in April.
The Police Commissioner ordered the Cyber Police to fly taiwan express exam "Dew Arisara" 888.|"Big Den" green light directs cyber police to fly through the sky to investigate Dew Arisara to investigate the "Macau 888" gambling case. Preparing to attend a police meeting to seek further seizure measures at 09.00 on February 9, 2023, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, ordered the seizure of the property. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Expanded the results of the arrest of the Macau 888 online gambling network in all dimensions. Set up a series of interrogations, fly through the sky, travel to interrogate the actress. Dew Arisara thoroughly asked for information in Taiwan by today. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat called a meeting of the investigative working group to lay out a framework and look at the procedures before proceeding to make a proposal. Chief Of Staff However, this trip to interrogate the actress is not an exam to convict the actress backwards according to the news, but an exam as a witness to request information to be used in the investigation. However, it was reported that Mr. Napromnus Sangkhasap or Mys coordinated with his personal lawyer to meet the police on February 14 at 10.30 a.m. He will attend a meeting with the cyber police on the seizure of property in the "Macau 888" case on the 4th floor of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi
P.S. Invite U.S. DEA units to teach anti-narcotics tactics|Police officers reinforced their fangs. Invite the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA for training. Learn how to investigate the financial transactions of drug networks to learn investigative tactics and techniques as traders have various forms of camouflage on February 9, 2023 at Prom Nok Meeting Room, 2nd floor, Narcotics Suppression Police Headquarters (BOC). Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai He became president. Launched a training course on investigating drug network financial transactions. A total of 60 officers, deputy chiefs of staff, and staff attended the training. Competence and work experience The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is led by Kyle A. Dent, chief financial investigator. Mr. William Johnstal Investigators and DEA officers in Thailand to enhance their capabilities and develop knowledge and techniques for investigating financial trails. Money laundering of drug networks, which nowadays often use other people's accounts or horse accounts to transact instead, making it difficult to investigate before bringing real network individuals to prosecution. Pol. Gen. Sarayut said that the police needed both tactics to suppress arrests and knowledge as investigative tools. Drug trafficking is like a buy-and-sell business. An excision financial transaction model has been developed. This makes it more complicated to evade the scrutiny of the authorities by disguising various forms for each drug arrest. It has been extended to various drug networks involved, making financial tracing a key factor in the investigations conducted by the authorities. It is necessary to know the methods and techniques to bring the perpetrators to justice. M.P.S. Therefore, the nail fangs must be reinforced for the operator in all dimensions. Therefore, the work will be most efficient and effective.
Thonglor police officers, 2 plainclothes officers, raided the nail salon "Dew Arisara" is a real policeman.|"Thonglor Police Department" 2 plainclothes men raided the nail salon "Dew Arisara" as a real investigator, conducted a routine inspection with courtesy, but if found wrong, ready to take immediate action in case tv media published cctv footage inside the nail salon of the actress. Dew Arisara in Thonglor is a shop where shares with friends opened, with a closed circuit stating at 7.16 pm on February 7, 2023, that 2 plainclothes men riding motorcycles to park in front of the store, walking around and taking pictures of the storefront as if sending it to anyone. The next morning, February 8, 2023, Two plainclothes police officers came to the store and reported that they were tracking down the burglars. While there were customers using the service, the store clerk asked to see the police card until it was discovered that it was an investigation department. Thonglor Police Department made progress at 10.00 a.m. on February 9, 2023, Thonglor Police Chief Col. Pansa Amarapitak said he saw it in the media. Inquire to the Deputy Superintendent of Investigation and Inspector of Investigation, informing them that this is a routine inspection. Part of the search for villains. As for the policeman who only checked the rank of Lieutenant Colonel (Lt. Col.) and did not know that it was Mr. Dew Arisara's shop because there are many celebrities or celebrities in Thonglor. I don't know if it's Dew Arisara's shop. The actress, however, insisted that she was under investigation by police. And went in and checked with courtesy. When the shopkeeper asks to see the ID card. The police showed it and the card was a solid card issued by Thonglor Police Department, and then when they did not find the culprit, they left the shop. "If something is wrong, both the clip and the image or the speech in the wrong way. Complaints can be made or coordinated to them immediately. Confirm that it is ready to take action at all levels. Also, later today, he'll be talking to Dew's nail salon administrator. Actress Dew Arisra has unfolded her ex-boyfriend, who owns the online gambling website Macau 888, with 4 brothers until she was chased by the cyber police to break up the gambling network. This time, absolutely.
"Dew Arisara" Noted unfolding Macau 888 police showed up, and people behind the scenes.|"Dew Arisara" He noted that after the post unfolded the gambling website "Macau 888", police showed up to visit the nail salon. The deputy chief of staff opened a pub in Thonglor in case tv media published cctv footage inside the nail salon of the actress. Dew Arisara in Thonglor is a shop where shares with friends opened, with a closed circuit stating at 7.16 pm on February 7, 2023, that 2 plainclothes men riding motorcycles to park in front of the store, walking around and taking pictures of the storefront as if sending it to anyone. The next morning, Feb. 8, Two plainclothes police officers came to the store and reported that they were tracking down the burglars. While there were customers using the service, the store clerk asked to see the police card until it was discovered that it was an investigation department. On February 9, 2023, a reporter reported that as a result of the incident, actress Dew Arisara was killed. He noted that the shop had been open for a long time and there had never been a police presence at the store, but when the story unfolded, Macau 888 was visited by police. This became the last straw until Dew Arisara had to come out and extinguish the crash, but the question that worried many parties was who was in command amid the deep news that there was a deputy police chief. One of them got a stake with Benz Damon. The pub is also the target of the cyber police, who are investigating, and it is worth noting how to proceed.
Benz Damon Lawyer Meet the police, Yan returns to Thailand - let's fight the Macau 888 case, do not retaliate.|Lawyer "Benz Damon" Meet the cyber police He returned to Thailand on Feb. 16 to fight the "Macau 888" case. If the errand is finished. I don't want to retaliate against the "Dew Arisara" star because I'm a man. As for the Lamborghini car, the officers were informed to seize and progress the case of the gambling website "Macau 888". At 1:00 p.m. on February 9, 2023, on the 5th floor of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Mr. Pisit Chutipornpongchai The lawyer of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon, 38, the eldest brother of the 4-baht family, the accused in the Macau 888 case, visited. Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang, Deputy Chief of Police Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai Chief Of Staff 3 Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen The Deputy Chief of Police/Spokesperson of the MINISTRY requested to coordinate the details of the exact date and time for Benz Damon to return to Thailand and to hand over the Lamborghini car to the police, which is the central item in the case, which takes about 1 hour. Mr. Pisit said today that he came to discuss the case of Benz Damon after the arrest warrant was issued in the Macau 888 case, discussing 2 issues: 1. the intention to return to Thailand of Benz Damon to surrender and enter the judicial process, and 2. the lawyer will be the intermediary in coordinating. "Today, let's talk about the surrender guidelines of Benz Damon, who will initially return to Thailand by February 16, but knows that Mr. Benz will speed up the business and return before February 16. Something doesn't match reality, and Mr. Benz wants to come in and clarify his innocence." In the case of actress Dew Arisara, she has revealed that she was physically assaulted by Benz during their relationship. THE LAWYER SAID MR. BENZ DID NOT WANT TO ALLUDE TO THE MATTER BECAUSE MR. BENZ WAS A MAN AND WANTED THE CASE TO BE COMPLETED BEFORE SPONSORED. The remaining two siblings remained undiscussed and when asked by reporters whether Napromnus Sangkhasap or Mais, the accused, had also been issued an arrest warrant and fled to Hong Kong. Will I come back to Thailand and surrender with Mr. Benz? The lawyer merely stated that he personally did not know the person. As for the Mercedes-Benz Damon's Lamborghini car, it has already provided information to investigators for the officers to seize, but cannot provide information to the media about where the car is located or whether it has been altered. Maj. Gen. Pairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police He said the initial coordination of the surrender was "unprecedented". No bail conditions were negotiated. If you have returned to Thailand, it will be considered a surrender. But will the police grant bail? It depends on the circumstances and conduct of the accused.
8-month-old baby's 8-month-old baby The mother-in-law was furious, "The mother of the child knows it."|The police called for another round of "blows and softs". An 8-month-old boy disappeared from his home in Bang Len, Nakhon Pathom, on the 4th day, revealing that before the incident, the child had a fever of 38 degrees. This the child's mother knows well. No need to allude to other people, make neighbors in trouble, run out of progress on the case. Continued 8-month-old boy missing from home in Hin Mun The child's mother said she saw a yellow shirt officer carrying her child, believing it was a kidnapping. The search officers have not found any traces and clues. It is possible that people close to the child will know about this, but they kept it at 12.00 p.m. on February 9, 2023. Revealed that now. The investigative series has brought Mr. Sittichok Saeng or Pud, 19 years old, the father of the child, and Ms. Pilaiporn Kaocharoen or Nim, mother, went to take additional exams this afternoon. He collected a bottle of his medicine and took it for further examination, which was picked up from Banglen Hospital. On the 3rd-4th day, due to the fact that the next child was ill. I had a fever of 38 degrees and now I'm trying to keep as much information as possible. Recently, the drone has not been found and we would like to thank all agencies for their assistance. Mrs. Chamnier Thongsapyai, 53 years old, mother-in-law My grandmother said she wanted to leave it to her daughter-in-law. This caused trouble to neighboring villagers. This causes others to be interrogated. This kind of thing a mother needs to know. No need to allude to others. Watch the news and be persistent, I want to slap my daughter-in-law with a straight word. I rarely talk to my daughter-in-law. He watched the news and became angry, prompting police to search several neighboring homes. FOR HIM, HE IS CONFIDENT THAT HIS GRANDCHILDREN ARE STILL ALIVE. If you give it, you can raise it, but the child's mother doesn't have to interfere. As for the issue of the grandchildren disappearing from the house, it is likely about his own mother, afraid of her son going to jail. My son believes in my wife," said his mother-in-law, Mr. Sarawut Khamsuwan, 41, of 13 Bangpla Subdistrict, Bang Len District, Nakhon Pathom Province. A young man who is Nim's ex-girlfriend. It is revealed that someone coordinated that he saw Nim's father entering the alley. Bang Sai Pa Bang Len, Nakhon Pathom province, so I went to see it. Nim's father was seen riding a tricycle into an alley just before reaching a house. In the morning, I peeked for about 1 hour and saw that he did not come out, so he went back to the house where the accident occurred (the child's parents' house) if there were any relatives around here because he heard the child crying. Mrs. Lamphung Sriyangnok, 83 years old, Nim's aunt, living at 83 Moo 5, Bang Sai Pa. Banglen welcomed the officers to inspect and search. If you have anything to ask about it, you will be able to clear your doubts since you heard the news that you are missing. Turn on the TV, follow the news all the time. He was calm, hard, and never had tears even when he was hit by his father. If someone actually steals a child, I want to tell you to take it back.
Deputy Per-Director P.O.3 joins in carrying the casket patrol pakchong to watch "Jai Nong It"|I can't hunt yet. The assailant fatally shot a patrol policeman. While out for a night check alone. The deputy presided over the funeral. Grant of 300,000 sq.m. Give another 100,000 before carrying the coffin. Admire "Your Heart Can It" On February 9, Maj. Gen. Narong Sewok, deputy chief of police of Nakhon Ratchasima Province, revealed the tracking of the shooting culprit. S.T. Attapol Boonmee Group Director Patrol 191, Pak Chong Police Station, died while on duty, saying that there were police forces from various departments to the area, including the Suppression Division, Investigation Division Region 3, Provincial Investigation Division, and of Pak Chong Police Station. The route is expected to pass, and in Pak Chong at 2.30 pm, there is a body moving ceremony. Lt. Col. Attapol Boonmee from Pakchong Nana Hospital to Wat Pong Krasang With the Division of Honor. A military vehicle from the Military Dog Battalion carrying the body of Lt. Col. Attapol Boonmee with a national flag covering the body reached Wat Pong Krasang. Upon arrival, there was Lt. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, and Lt. Gen. Somprasong Yentoom. P.O.3 director accompanied the coffin with 6 other police officers up to the pavilion, then Pol. Maj. Gen. Persak, deputy chief of police, presided over the funeral watering ceremony and fried the requiem cloth. Give 100,000 baht to Provincial Police Region 3 Mrs. Chanphen Boonmee, mother, represented by Ms. Wanida Songnok, wife of Lt. Col. Attapol and Dr. Kanokwan. She stood in front of the coffin and before returning. Maj. Gen. Persak, deputy chief of police, also wore a hug. Mr. Anantakorn and Mrs. Chanphen Boonmee, parents of S.T. Attapol Boonmee THE POLICEMAN WHO DIED WITH SPONSORED THE WREATH PLACED IN FRONT OF THE CORPSE. There are Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Roy Inkpairoj. Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Chinpat Inkpairoj Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Staff, after the funeral ceremony. Pol. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, deputy chief of police, told the media that the checkpoint had been set up. We have to look at people. There must be a police spirit. You have to watch him go out on duty, it's dark, it's lonely, it's coming today because of his heart, these things we're going to make concrete, to have the standard of being a patrol, it's the concern of the commander about the case. Pol. Maj. Gen. Somprasong, Ph.D. 3, revealed that the investigators have mobilized all the forces. Provincial investigation and house investigation Follow the villains Every stage which is already very close, although I still don't know who it is, but it narrows a lot, I should know soon.
Cyber Police Coordinate "Dew Arisara" Interrogation - Money Trail Inspector Macau 888|The cyber director revealed that he was in the process of coordinating the "Dew Arisara" star. Interrogation, waiting for the judge to decide, ready or not. No summons has been issued, the P.O.C. is preparing to deploy the K.M. money laundering for online gambling offenses. The "Macau 888" case is set to examine the financial route since the establishment of the website at 10.30 a.m. on February 9, 2023 at the meeting room on the 4th floor of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff, Maj. Gen. Panya Pinsuk Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General Natakorn Prabhayon 2nd Lieutenant, Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai 3rd Lieutenant, Mr. Piya Srivika, Director of Case Division 2, P.O.P., and related parties attended the meeting to lay out the framework for the investigation of property matters in the Macau 888 case for more than 1 hour after the meeting. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattanakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff He said after the meeting that the interrogation of actress Dew Arisara was in the process of coordinating with him because Mr. Dew was the one who was being executed, so he had to wait to see if he would be ready and willing. As for the news that a summons will be issued to Dew for interrogation. Confirm that no summons has been issued. Mr. Piya Srivika, Director, Case Division 2, P.O.P. He revealed that today is a meeting with the Royal Thai Police on the application of money laundering laws in cases involving online gambling offenses, including the establishment of guidelines for the seizure of assets arising from the offense. There are billions of dollars in intertwined financial routes. However, the case of Macau 888 must be investigated, and according to the procedure, the police will hand over the information and circumstances of the perpetrators. From the initial look of this case, there is a clear fault. The audit must go back from the first account in which the offense was committed to the last account that received the benefit. During the offense, there were irregularities in the financial trail, including those who assisted in the wrongful receipt of assets, also involved in money laundering.
Clear the end - don't get caught up in it. The police officer fired a gun at the Lt. Col. just in a minor accident.|Deputy Chief of Police, Huaykwang Yan case The police officer dropped the gun to the ground. Flakes splashed on his fingers. The injured police officer was involved in an accident during a tactical exercise before releasing a regular line of checks in the event of a gunshot incident that injured a police officer. The incident occurred in front of the anti-suppression laboratory. Huaykwang Police Station On the evening of February 8, 2023, the last time was on February 9, 2023. Deputy Chief of Staff Huaykwang police said the incident happened at 3:30 p.m. on Feb. 8. last Patrol officers are trained to release the line before leaving for normal duty. After a successful laboratory meeting. There was a weapons inspection in front of the anti-suppression laboratory, beside the lodge as one of the tactics. Carrying out the duties of the commanding officer while Chief Of Staff (M.P.) Huaykwang Police Station 9 mm pistol Sig Sauer Model P 320, 1 shot fired into the cement floor, shards of mortar splashed on the police officer, Lt. Col. The head of the suit suffered a sharp injury to the tip of his thumb and index finger of his right hand. He was taken to the deputy hospital for treatment, the deputy police chief said. S.T.A. Make a gun and apologize. You're done. They don't get caught up in anything because what happened was just an accident. The commander instructed them to exercise greater caution in the performance of their duties. Especially tactical training to ensure safety and not repeat incidents.
Thonglor director talks to nail salon keeper "Dew Arisara" if his subordinates are not good - move out (clip)|"Thonglor Director" He talked to the nail salon attendant "Dew Arisara" after appearing in a clip outside his uniform showing his card, claiming to have arrested an alien. Tell the police to check the safety better than none. If the subordinates are not good, definitely do not leave at 14.00 on February 9, 2023 at beauty of bar nail salon, Thonglor Soi 13, Klongton Nua Subdistrict, Wattana District, Bangkok. The actress, 2 plainclothes police officers, made a request to check for the culprit as shown in the media, showing herself to be a policeman of Thonglor Police Station, Pol. Col. Pansa, said that 2 police officers from Thonglor Police Station actually went to Dew Arisara's nail salon because they were investigating the suspect according to the arrest warrant of the South Bangkok Criminal Court. It was not known that the nail salon belonged to Dew Arisara, and the employee said that when he went to search. Both police officers claimed to have checked the illegal migrants as a way of working to keep the accused from knowing or breaking the grass to wake the snakes. There is no search warrant because it is a public place. There are people who use the service to enter and exit. There is no need to apply for a search warrant to the court. IN THE CASE OF A SEARCH WARRANT THAT WILL REQUIRE A SEARCH WARRANT, IT MUST BE A RESIDENCE OR A RESIDENTIAL HOUSE. He said the actions of the two police officers followed the procedures of the law. If the police Thonglor Police Department behaves in a manner that does not like to be subject to discipline and legal procedures. As for the question of why the hundreds of thousands of years of police have just come to check, seeing that there is a police to check the safety rather than not, it is to build confidence in the public. It is the duty of the police to explain their operations. If the public doesn't understand the news section about the police at the deputy inspector level. Thonglor Police Department is the partner of Thonglor Police Department and Benz Damon, but initially there was no information that there was a police officer of Thonglor Police Station who had a partner or involvement in a pub bar with Mr. Benz Damon in the area. If it is found to be true, then the legal process will continue.
The Police Commissioner ordered an urgent investigation of "Inspector Sua" after being attacked by "Chuvit". |The Police Commissioner ordered to investigate all issues of the "Dew Arisara" actress, ready to help and provide fairness. If there is a basis for disciplinary action, criminal action will be taken decisively and ordered to leave the government service on February 9, 2023. Royal Thai Police spokesman Disclose the case of social issues related to Dew Arisara. The actor and Inspector Sua, who was alluded to as "Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, The Chief of Police", focused on the issue and ordered a fact-check on all matters. All related issues, including online gambling, have been searched and arrested. Issue arrest warrants and break up networks of offenders. We are currently in the process of expanding the results to take action against all concerned persons, including the issue of assault or other criminal offenses that have occurred, to ensure that everyone in society must be within the rules, rules and legal framework. If wrongdoing is committed, it must be punished equally by law. Arisara What additional issues do you wish to report to the prosecution? The police officers are ready to take care of all matters, ensure fairness, and make honest cases based on evidence in order to categorically condone all those who violate the law concerned. The police chief reiterated that Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister has urged the police to perform their duties honestly. Strictly uphold the law. You must not be the culprit. If anyone makes a mistake. All cases must be taken decisively, the spokesman added. A policeman named Inspector Sua is involved in online gambling and abandons that official duty. The Commissioner of Police has ordered that The Director-General examines the facts and considers the execution of the authority. If found to have abandoned duties or committed other offences causing damage to the government, disciplinary and criminal action will be taken decisively.
A.J. Pokjam helps find "The Next Brother" The governor said. The suspect knew the child's mother. |Master J, a famous figure, came to the crime scene. Continued 8 month old baby missing in Banglen, Nakhon Pathom The child was carried to the alley opposite the house, still in Nakhon Pathom province, but tomorrow will be taken elsewhere by a white sedan. People take to know both parents and children. The governor said progress has been made. 2-3 suspects known to be involved in "soft" At 10.30 a.m. on February 9, Mr. Chakrarin Rangsimantutanakorn, or Master J. Figure, came to his house. An 8-month-old boy who mysteriously escaped from his home in Hin Mun District. Mr. J said that please come and see it with your eyes. Today's trip was intended to help unravel what had happened, as I had been contacted by the Foundation. And I feel pity for the media, including the staff working in the area." Confirm that the next brother is still alive and still in Nakhon Pathom province, but the culprit will move him out of the area tomorrow. By a white car And the person who brought it is a person who knows both his parents And this person has seen the cuteness of the younger one. The day the man committed the crime, he took the child. That day he wore a cream-yellow shirt and jean shorts above his knees. The visit was intended specifically for children. The path that led you to escape Contrary to the path the police were searching for, Mr. J claimed that the path that the culprit took the child out of the house was a path to the alley opposite the house after the incident to detour the ditch to block the water. The number he saw while sitting on the base appeared as 1222 and saw 32 candy, which he thought was the age of the person who took the child. At 4:43 p.m., Pol. Maj. Gen. Chakkrit Sunthornvanich, director of the Nakhon Pathom Police Department, came to a follow-up meeting at Bang Luang Police Station, stating that initially the case was progressing well, being able to limit the suspects to 2-3 people, who knew and were related to Nim, his mother, and not family members. In addition, the issue that A.J. came to survey the crime scene area and claimed that the child was still within a radius of 30 kilometers. "The evidence that is available now is not enough because the criminal did not leave any evidence at the crime scene. We have to wait for more evidence from other parties, but initially there was no evidence to convey something like that." The reporter spoke with "Uncle Chae", 55, a close friend of Nim's father, after being invited by the police to testify and chased the CCTV camera, admitting that he had a deep relationship with Nim 1 year ago before getting pregnant. Admittedly, there is a little help with money and gold. I don't think I have much to eat either. Nim asks for money often before going to his parents at the fish pond in Nakhon Chaisri district. The reason why I have to go to my mother often is because she is bedridden. They must be fed through a hose and firmly confirm that they have no knowledge of the incident. Because the date of the incident is always in the village. Not going anywhere.
Southern bandits bomb bombed a railway line security guard. 6 officers injured |Southern bandits bombed a subdistrict protection unit at Ruesaw district while inspecting the railway line. As a result, 6 officers were injured. He ordered his subordinates not to investigate the crime scene, fearing that the culprit planned to kill him at 5:40 p.m. on February 9, 2023. The Deputy Inspector of Investigation, Rausaw Police Station, Narathiwat province, received a report of a mob bombing an officer in The District Protection Unit. A.R.S.A. Roadside in Duye village M.4 6 officers were injured. The 6 injured officers were taken to Ruesaw Hospital for treatment. Lt. Col. Thanya Lapaboon, director of the Police Department, went to see the injured at the hospital. 1. Lt. Col. Surin Rakdee, under R.151 Thousand 1, performing regular duties of The Ministry of Education, had wounds from scabs on his body. Chest tightness and tinnitus 2. A.S. Muhammaso and Sama were struck by a scab in their left arm 3. Yamo has chest tightness and tinnitus. 4. Mrs. Basri Jaelao has chest tightness and tinnitus. 5. A.S. Paozi Mahamaali has chest tightness and tinnitus, and 6. A.S. Rusrang. Vani There is chest tightness and tinnitus. Later, when the doctor performed first aid, he was sent. Lt. Col. Surin was treated at Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital. A total of 8 police officers went to inspect the railway line. When it was completed, they deployed a foot force to return to the base. At the scene of the crime, an unknown number of criminals lurk in the dense forest by the roadside. Detonated the bomb as he and his friend The police passed by, causing a bomb to explode, killing him and his officers. They were struck by the force of the bomb and fell in different directions. When he regained consciousness, he ordered his troops to fire their own firearms into the forest to prevent the mob from invading the compound, and radioed to the police base to ask for support for his car and send the injured to the hospital. later on Lt. Col. Thanya Lapboon, director of the Ruesaw Police Department, radioed the command to the Police Station. Do not go to the crime scene, lest the villains plan a scam to trap the killers. All officers will be on standby and will coordinate with the officers involved to investigate the scene the next morning.
Chuvit effect to issue "Inspector Sua" serious disciplinary offenses.|The Commander of the Public Works Division has ordered "Inspector Sua" to leave the service after being attacked by "Chuvit". Work not to be done - Go anywhere except work on February 9, 2023 In the case of Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the Chief of Police, has ordered that The Director general of police investigated the facts. As for the alleged issues, let's allude to it. A policeman named Inspector Sua is involved in online gambling and abandons his official duties. If found to have abandoned duties or committed other offences causing damage to the government, disciplinary and criminal action will be taken decisively. Maj. Gen. Thongchai Seriwattana Commander of the Public Works Division Signed The Public Works Division Order No. 1/2566 re: Police officers to leave the service. Police Lieutenant Colonel Vasawat Mukrasakul The position of Inspector of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Under the Division of Public Works, Office of Transmission and Maintenance, receiving salary (level) S.3, Level 14, 32,450 baht, there is a case of alleged serious disciplinary offenses until the commission of inquiry according to the Order of the Public Works Division No. 4/2566 dated February 9, 2023 in the matter of abandonment or abandonment of official duties without reasonable cause. Causing serious damage to the government or abandoning official duties at the same time for more than fifteen days without reasonable cause, or with circumstances showing intentional non-compliance with government regulations and having grounds for suspension of official duties according to the rules. Sec. 2547 on suspension of government service and order of dismissal from government service Article 3 (1) is that the person has been appointed a commission of inquiry or accused of committing a criminal offence or being charged with a criminal offence in relation to corruption of official duties or in relation to untrustworthy conduct or circumstances, and the person who is indicted has not been appointed as a defense attorney and such authority considers that if the person remains in the official capacity, there may be damage to the government and has considered that the investigation that caused the suspension of the government service will not be completed as soon as possible. The Police Commissioner on suspension of the civil service and the order to leave the service before B.E. 2547, Clause 8, therefore, Lieutenant Colonel Vasawat Mukrasakul The Inspector of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Office of Dispatch, has been discharged from the service to await the outcome of the disciplinary investigation. The applicant has the right to appeal to the Police Commissioner under the National Police Act B.E. 2565, Section 141, within 30 days from the date of acknowledgment of the order, and if he wishes to file a counterclaim against the order or decision of this appeal, the case must be filed in writing with the Administrative Court or sent by registered mail to the Administrative Court within 90 days from the date of receipt of the notification or acknowledgement of the decision of the appeal or within 90 days from the expiration of the 90 days from the date on which the complainant has requested to know the decision of the appeal. Inspector Sua was noted by Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit for his behavior related to online gambling and abandoned his official duties, which became a strong criticism for the Royal Thai Police .... In modern times
Slate of dead dogs Girl carrying acid water to court, splashing vengeance, dissatisfied with the parties, filing for bail withdrawal (clip)|Mr. Vet authorized his representatives to go to court for a hearing to revoke the bail of a 25-year-old dog owner who was charged with defamation after allegedly injecting a dog to death. We met in chaiyaphum provincial court. Dog Owner Girl Open the lid of the prepared acid bottle. Splash on the other party. 3 injured. Court officers and court police at 1:30 p.m. on February 9, 2023. Meethonglang, deputy senator of Chaiyaphum City Council, was informed of the incident of acid splashing at the judgement room 1, 3rd floor, Chaiyaphum Provincial Court, but could not find it because the court officials had already taken the 3 injured people to Chaiyaphum Hospital. Chaiyaphum City Police followed him to the accident building. Chaiyaphum Hospital found 3 people injured by acid splashing and Mrs. Kanchana Suyakhai, 31 years old, house no. 40/9-10 Chaiyaphum-Sikhio Road. The most injured were splashed with acid on his face and right arm. The court officer suffered injuries to his left leg and a court police officer sustained wounds to his left arm and chest. Ms. Nattiyaporn Trinarong, 25 years old, living at 536 Moo 13, Ban Nong Na Saeng. Nong Na Saeng Chaiyaphum The court officials detained him at the Chaiyaphum Provincial Court. Ms. Nattiyaporn The perpetrator used acid water in a bottle to go to the Chaiyaphum Provincial Court because the court had scheduled a hearing on the defamation by advertising charge. Ms. Nattiyaporn Trinarong, the perpetrator After the arrest warrant was issued, the police officers had already arrested and rampaged at The Chaiyaphum Police Station earlier, and the court granted him bail. Ms. Nattiyaporn The perpetrator of the shooting killed the accused and killed the court officer and the police officer who arrested him. Make Mr. Vet Thayan Kunprom The owner of the veterinary clinic House No. 40/9-10 Chaiyaphum-Sikhio Rd. She feared she would not be safe, so she objected to the court's bail of Mrs. Nattiyaphon. Ms. Nattiyaporn THERE WAS DISSATISFACTION AND THEREFORE THE INCIDENT WAS SPONSORED BY THE COURT POLICE. Chaiyaphum said that before both the defendant and the prosecution went to the courtroom, all weapons were searched. It is not known where the perpetrator hid the small acid bottle in the bag he brought in. When the perpetrator met the plaintiff in the courtroom, he grabbed a small bottle that looked like a bottle of olive oil. Open the bottle cap and splash it on the plaintiff. A total of 3 people were injured. The owner of the veterinary clinic House No. 40/9-10 Chaiyaphum-Sikhio Rd. She said Ms. Nattiyaporn had called her to pick up her sick dog at home for treatment. But after receiving it for a day. Miss Nattiyaporn came to get the dog back. It claims that there is no money to pay for the treatment of the dog. They were allowed to bring their dogs home. The dog had a serious collapse, later died. Miss Nattiyaporn was angry. Blaming himself for causing the death of the dog, he posted and phoned him and said that his clinic treated the animal badly, causing the dog to die, so he asked his lawyer to sue. Ms. Nattiyaporn Trainarong, 25, was charged with defamation by advertising until the Chaiyaphum Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant. Chaiyaphum City Police bring arrest warrant Miss Nattiyaporn at home In the end, the Chaiyaphum Provincial Court scheduled a hearing and granted bail, but Ms. Nattiyaporn was unconscious and posted a gun showing threats to kill him and the police officers who arrested him, along with court officials. Fearing that he would not be safe, he asked the court to challenge the defendant's bail. Miss Kanchana went instead, since she had a mission elsewhere. Can't go to court. Therefore, he authorized Mrs. Kanchana to go to the court hearing until she was splashed with acid. Miss Kanchana was the most seriously injured to be splashed with acid this time. He said he did not know when Ms. Nattiyaporn had followed herself. He looked back at the back, where the attacker splashed acid and injured him this time. After the police Chaiyaphum city police have taken him into custody. Ms. Nattiyaporn, the perpetrator, has been charged with defamation by the owner of an animal clinic. After having brought his own dog that was sick. He was admitted to the animal clinic one night in the morning and brought his dog home. The next day, the dog died. Miss Nattiyaporn posted an insult accusing him of injecting his dog to death. When the police went to detain him. Ms. Nattiyaporn, the perpetrator, also resisted to come to the Police Station in Chaiyaphum until it affected the police who had already taken him into custody once, and also posted slanderous remarks against the police, who had already been arrested, including the owner of the veterinary clinic, fearing that he would not be safe, so he asked to oppose bail until the acid splash occurred at the judge's room this time.
80-year-old mother stabbed to death in house|The 80-year-old stabbed his 80-year-old mother. After the incident, he went to walk around the traditional lantern parade of Guan Yu. The villagers reported the police to the police. Purple pee detected He was still intoxicated, claiming his mother had picked up her car keys. I'm wrong. When I asked about the conversation, I didn't know anything about it, I broke the fuse, grabbed a knife, and got 2 wounds, and was charged with murder. At 8:30 p.m. on Feb. 8, investigators from The Muang Ang Thong Police Department arrested Mr. Natchak or K. Boonlert, 47, who is accused of killing his mother in the area. A.Phothong While strolling around the grounds of the Nguan Chiang Festival or lantern festival. Godfather Guan Yu Talat Luang Muang Ang Thong District Take the transmitter Phothong Police Station The investigation was conducted on the same evening. Capt. Sombat Somboondee, Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Pho thong police received a report of an elderly woman being stabbed to death in a house at 16 Moo 4, Bang Phlap. A.Phothong reports to the supervisor. The crime scene is a gated 2-storey house. The body of Mrs. Jirapa Boonlert, 80, a former teacher, was found. Lying in a pile of blood, he died on the ground floor bed. There was a stab wound to the left chest, a cut to the heart terminal. There were signs of a fight. A paring knife about 20 cm long was found on the bed, and mr. Suparoj Boonlert, 25, his nephew, revealed that there were 3 people at the residence: himself, the deceased's grandmother, and Mr. Natchak Boonlert. His father. At the time of the incident, he was in the back of the house. When I walked into the house, I found my grandmother stabbed to death in bed. The father walked out of the house and rode away. Police checked Mr. Natchak's background on drug addiction. He has been arrested and jailed before. Initially, he was believed to be intoxicated with drugs and was involved in a felony after police arrested him for urine testing and found purple pee with narcotic substances in his body. He was still in a state of intoxication, testifying that before the incident, his mother had given him the car keys, but he couldn't find them. When I looked at the car, I found the keys plugged in. He was angry and stabbed him to death with a knife and rode out of the house to walk around the traditional Lantern Festival of Guan Yu before being arrested by the police. Now that I'm remorseful, I want my mother to give me a condolence at 11.00 a.m. on February 9 at Pho Thong Police Station. Mr. Rangsan Tancharoen Lieutenant Colonel Angthong Pol. Maj. Gen. Paisan Pruksamrun Angthong police officers jointly held a press conference to arrest Mr. Natthajak Boonlert, 47, who was accused of stabbing Mrs. Jirapa with a knife. Boonlert, 80 years old, mother, died at the house at 16 Moo 4, Bang Phlap. A.Phothong The villagers pointed out clues to the police to arrest them at the traditional Guan Yu lantern parade. Muang Ang Thong District After the press conference, the detainee went to make a plan to plead guilty to the crime scene. Natchak claimed that the cause was talking to his mother about the car keys. YYYY. But talking about it is not angry. He grabbed a knife and stabbed his mother twice in the left chest. The investigating officer charged him with intentional homicide (killing a person) and detained him for further investigation and prosecution.
Former DIRECTOR shoots himself dead, stressed, sick, scared in bed, worried as a burden|A former banker was shot dead. After retirement, he suffered from a stroke. Although his condition improved, he returned home for treatment, but he was stressed and kept alone, relying on his wife to go shopping and give her children a bottle of water with a 9mm gun to shoot in their mouths. As the son told his father, he would not stay as a bedridden patient. I don't want to burden the family of the former bank manager. The police officer shot himself dead at 7 a.m. on Feb. 9. Lopburi Police Department received a report of a man shot dead in a house at 2/27 Soi On Nut. He went to check with the police investigating department, the doctor of Ananda Mahidol Hospital. Police forensics from Lopburi province and volunteers of The Patek Tueng Lopburi Foundation at the scene of the accident, a 2-storey house in front of the house, found the body of Mr. Withoon Kulkaew, 67 years old, the owner of the house, the former manager of the credit center, Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC), Lopburi branch. A 9mm gun was fired through the occipital lobe, and near the body, 1 gun was found, 1 shell casing, inside the house there was no sign of a fight. There are Mrs. Wanida and Mr. Waree Kulkaew. The deceased's wife and son stood and watched the corpse with grief and sorrow, questioning Mrs. Wanida to learn that after her husband retired from the bank, he was forced to leave. He suffered from stroke and heart disease, but was still functioning normally until February 5. He took him to the hospital for examination. Doctors detected a ruptured capillary in the brain. I had to stay for 2 days until I got better. The attacker said his son Varee had been out buying fish porridge for his father. He sat down with his father's friend and told him to go get some water in the house. When he heard a gunshot, he rushed out to see that he found his father lying on the ground bleeding. My father had previously said that he would not stay as a bedridden patient. EXPECT STRESS AND DON'T WANT TO BE A BURDEN TO FAMILY MEMBERSSPONSORED
Fallen merchants sell saba fish. Debts are rampant, short-lived, smoked, pick-up trucks.|The saba fish merchant is stressed. Smoked extinguishing pickup truck After driving, I parked on the side of the road. The villagers noticed the mistake and found the man lying motionless in the car. Knocking on the glass, not responding, informing the police, investigating, found, turned into a corpse. Meanwhile, relatives informed the deceased of the sale of goods in the market. After being insolvent, it caused stress. It is thought to be the cause of the suicide caused by a smoker committing suicide in the pickup truck. Revealed at 3:30 p.m. on Feb. 9, Lt. Col. Rongsak Rice Trade S.W. (investigation) Don Tum Police Station, Nakhon Pathom province, received a report of a smoked man who died in a car on The Sight Kong-Don Tum Road. Moo 4, Huay Phra Subdistrict, went to check with the police investigating Don Tum Police Station. Police, Forensic Division 7, Don Tum Hospital doctors and officers. Suksala Nukroh Nakhon Pathom Foundation at the scene of the accident on the roadside, found a Nissan pickup truck. Baccarat Orange, registration 2, 1707, Bangkok, parked on the left side of the road. In the driver's seat, the body of Mr. Dilok Boonjom, 38 years old, was found at the house number 86 Moo 2, T. Hongcharoen. Tha Sae District, Chumphon Province A saba fish vendor at a market in Nakhon Pathom province leaned into a side seat with blood coming out of his nose. No wounds and traces of abuse were found. It was estimated that he had been dead for at least 3 hours, inspected the interior of the car in the back seat, found 1 brazier, with charcoal for ignition, burned to some ash. The burning stench from the smoke wafted through the car. In addition, two multipurpose boxes were found in the car seat, when they opened, they found wires and electrical equipment. THE OFFICER KEPT IT AS EVIDENCE AND ASKED THE VILLAGERS IF THEY DROVE THROUGH THE ROAD IN THE MORNING TO ENTER NAKHON PATHOM MARKET. The car was found stationary on the side of the road but no one paid attention. Later, at 3 p.m., a local resident drove to pick up the child. The car parked for a long time, did not move anywhere. When I looked in, I saw a man lying motionless, knocked on the mirror and there was no response, and immediately called the police to investigate. Later, relatives of the deceased came to the scene and revealed that the deceased Mr. Dilok was a trader selling grilled saba fish at a market in Nakhon Pathom province. It is estimated that the deceased was stressed and there was no way out. He ended his life by fumigating suicide.
"Somsak-DEA" Discuss drug trafficking investigations|Justice Minister discusses DEA to investigate drug cartels I would like to help make a learning program - exchange new technologies, hoping that the T.T. can continue to work according to the movement to keep up. The U.S. side watched the Thai government take the Thai government seriously and conveyed its experience and provide full assistance at 10:00 a.m. on Feb. 9, 2023, at the Ministry of Justice. Justice Minister discusses drug prevention and suppression with Nick Wils, Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in Bangkok Kyle Kent, head of DEA Financial Investigation in the U.S., and William Johnson, a U.S.-based DEA financial investigator. Mr. Vichai Chaimongkol Secretary-General of the P.O.S. Maj. Gen. Yuttana Pradam Deputy Director-General of the Department of Special Investigation and Lt. Gen. Banpot aimed at the middle edge. Deputy Director general of DEA participated in the sponsored discussion, Mr. Nick said, "Today's discussion is because there are many things that we want to know and would like to share with each other about their work experiences. We would like to thank the work of the Thai government and Mr. Somsak for their seriousness in combating drugs and enacting laws to control sodium cyanite, which is a precursor to drug production. If there is anything that Thailand needs help or advice. We are happy to help fully. Kyle said he wanted to help share the DEA's work in the fight against drugs, which is important in cracking down on the network's finances. In most investigations, the agency will try to catch the pills. But in fact, the most important thing is the money that nourishes those organizations, so the DEA has developed more financial investigations. This gives us a glimpse into the network of drug cartels, as well as the ever-evolving trend of the movement. New technologies are introduced. New financial routes such as cryptocurrencies have been in place, while Mr Somsak said that Thailand has a new drug code that has only been in place for a year, and previously we did not have conscientious seizure of drug dealers' assets. Therefore, trying to focus on this point to break the network circuit By seizing assets is new in Thailand, many agencies still do not fully understand it, so they have to try to understand and have formed a team called Paliprabya that is a collaboration of P.P.S. DSI. In order to work more efficiently, we are also studying cryptocurrencies to keep up with drug dealers, as well as the block chain system to make whistleblowing more secure. If there's a good way to do this, please advise us. We would like to create various learning programs so that we can provide courses to the relevant authorities, as well as make a roadmap to pass on to the next government for continued use. He thinks that even if we start this slowly, we can learn quickly. We have a reward for 5% of whistleblowers and 25% of the staff who work on the seized property, which they believe that having this kind of motivation will help speed up learning.
Hunt for brutal killer, kill 5 Hmong people, find more clues, set 4 murder knots|Police Region 6 investigates case of "brutal killing of 5 dead" Hmong family in Wang Chao district Tak found 1 more clue on the "deputy" side. P.W.6" revealed that the case is progressing very well. Police said four killings were expected shortly after the attack, according to a report from the police on Feb. 9, 2023. Hmong found brutally killed in 5 kitchens in Moo 11, Chiang Thong district Wang Chao Yesterday (8 February) Tak Provincial Police investigators have rushed to interrogate more than 20 relatives and related persons, who have already made a lot of progress, but the police have not been able to reveal them because they are afraid that the culprits will flee. According to the investigation, there was one more questionable issue: Mr. Chow, one of the deceased, hired a Myanmar wife to farm ginger but refused to pay the wages. Police are now working to track down the two Myanmar workers. Maj. Gen. Pundit Tungkaserani Deputy Chief Of Staff P.O.6 with the delegation came to the meeting room. Wang Chao Police Station Wang Chao To monitor the progress of the case of 5 kitchen killings. Pol. Maj. Gen. P.P. Bodeepitak Tak Provincial Police Commander and Lt. Col. Vasant Sirikankomol, Police Chief Wang Chao Tak welcomed by Rong P.W.6 said that the progress of the case has now been received, saying that much progress has been made. The case was a shocking one. It is now urged to the authorities concerned of the case. Expedite the process of tracking down criminals to prosecute them according to the law as soon as possible. As for the 5 killings, the investigating officers set out to consist of 1. family conflicts, 2. the payment of migrant workers, which the deceased had hired, 7 of whom had returned to the country, 4 of whom were now 3, who were not paid wages. 3. Dark business used to be convicted of drug offenses and escaped a subpoena in Phetchabun Province. 4. Robbery, whose car belonged to the deceased, left in the middle of the road due to running out of fuel, and then fled on foot. AS FOR TRACKING DOWN THE 5 ASSASSINATED VILLAINS, IT IS EXPECTED THAT IT WILL TAKE A SHORT TIME.
Brutal killing, beating of the head, dragging the corpse into the storage room, the big girl is horrified. Relatives revealed that a man had courted him.|The big girl, the owner of the garden, disappeared from the house without a trace. Relatives searched for and found the body of a brutally murdered man, smashing his head into a locker in the basement of his house. Death is expected to last at least 24 hours. The deceased lived at home alone. Stay after having a man courted. The missing parts are wallets and phones. At 4:00 p.m. on February 9, 2023, Lt. Col. Wittaya Lai-e-fine, S.W.A. (investigation) Thap Sakae police have received a report that the body of a person was found killed at a house in Moo 6, Ban Nong Hoi. Ang Thong District Thap Sakae district, Prachuap Khiri Khan province, went to check with Lt. Col. Nattapong Mukdahan, Superintendent of Police, Thap Sakae, Lt. Col. Kamhenid Prasapphon Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Thap Sakae Senator Lt. Col. Viroj Saiyokvijit Senator Thap Sakae Lieutenant Colonel Somrak Charongnoo, Deputy Senator of Thap Sakae, with the investigation kit of Thap Sakae Police Station Police forensics Prachuap Khiri Khan, a doctor at Thap Sakae Hospital and Sawang Rungruang Thammasat Foundation in Thap Sakae district, where the accident occurred, was a one-story cement house. Raised ground is planted in coconut plantations. Back of the house One of the deceased was identified as Miss Boonruan Koopreecha, 49, who owned the house. The corpse was stuffed in a storage room in the basement of the house. Still wearing gloves and boots. A spade was also found on top of a body, presumably the weapon used to commit the crime. The officers then kept it as evidence from examining the condition of the corpse. The left ear was found to have been struck by a solid object, causing the skull to crack, and the back of the neck to be struck and collapsed. The deceased's face and left cheek were wounded and his jaw was broken, and it was estimated that he had been dead for 12-24 hours. Mr. Kwanchai Koopreecha The deceased's brother said that the deceased was the youngest sister. Normally, the deceased would be alone, but lately it was found that there were men courting and going around regularly. Usually the sisters stayed at home, gardening, raising cows, and the missing belongings were wallets and phones. He called in the morning but couldn't get in touch. The cows did not move to graze until late in the afternoon when they and their relatives searched for them until they were found brutally killed. The corpse was stuffed in a storage room under the basement of the house. NORMALLY, THIS HOUSE WILL NOT BE ACCESSED BY SPONSORED. Police officers will expedite cctv surveillance to find the culprit and prosecute the case according to the law.
"Girl" showered in the middle of the night by a mentally ill man Solving the problem of raiding the house (video)|A fat young woman attacks her home while taking a shower Fortunately, the villagers helped catch up with the police. On February 10, 2023, a reporter reported that at midnight, a Facebook user named "Artiwara Nan" shared a video of a strange man breaking into the house while the owner of the house, a young woman, was taking a shower. It says "#ขอบคุณทุกกําลังใจจากทุกคนที่เป็นห่วง Now that the police have taken the culprit to investigate at the police station, initially he knew how the purple farmer came to know, his relatives have contacted him to apologize for the incident. I don't want to let the police continue to prosecute me. #แต่หัวใจจะวาย #เกิดมาเพิ่งเคยเจอ #เหตุเกิดกับตัวเอง If it hurts, it only dies. "After examining the footage in the footage, it can be seen that while the girl who owned the house had just finished taking a shower, she was not able to take a shower. A fat man with a naked dress entered the house, and in shock the girl shouted for help. The man fled and hid in the bathroom until he was arrested by the villagers. Upon questioning, the man didn't say much, but caught the impression that he was at a purple farmhouse. Namman Subdistrict, Mueang Loei District It was also found that the man was driving a white Mazda 2 sedan with provincial registration and parked not far from the house after the incident. Nong Ya Plong police officer, Wang Saphung, was detained and interrogated at the hotel. The reporter tried to contact the owner of the Facebook page but was unable to reach him. To ask the police officer at Nong Ya Plong Police Station, he learned that the man was insane, about 30-35 years old. Nong Ya Plong police and apologized to the victims for the break-in of their mentally ill son. Finally, the family asks for an insane man with a Mazda sedan to return home to SPONSORED.
Man shoots man in Phuket bus, injures 2 sq.m., blockades, rushes to hunt (video)|A frantic gangster shoots a passenger inside the bus. Phuket-Phatthalung line injured 2 Phuket governors had to bring fully armed police force to close the road before rushing to negotiate with the mob at 07.00 a.m. on February 10, 2023. While the car was passing through the Khuan Din Daeng bend. Thepkasattri Rd. Ratsada Two people were injured and the assailants were still hiding inside the vehicle. Ask for an ambulance to pick up the injured person and ask for police officers to negotiate and arrest the culprit. Phuket Police Chief with Pol. Maj. Gen. Prathuang Pholmana, Director, Phuket Town Police Department More than 30 fully armed patrol officers were deployed to investigate the scene of the incident on the main road to and from Phuket Town. At the sharp bend, which is the outbound road out of town. Meet the pink-white bus Phuket-Phatthalung bus with yellow license plate 10-2160 Phuket is parked on the side of the road. Only one suspect was inside the vehicle. Therefore, the authorities are required to close the outbound road from the Khuan Din Daeng - Ban Sapam red light intersection. Thepkasattri Rd. Ratsada In order to ensure the safety of the people using the road, the negotiating team spoke to the man inside the vehicle. Initially, we were informed by Mr. Somyos Buakaew, 42, the driver of the bus, that 2 passengers, 1 male and 1 female, were shot and injured by the man. Thepkasattri Rd. Ratsada A.Muang As usual, head to Phatthalung province and when driving near the intersection of Khuan Din Daeng red light. Thepkasattri Road, which is far from B.C.S. Less than 1km away, a gunshot was heard, and then a woman sitting in the car came running to tell herself, "Help, I was shot." Suddenly, another gunshot was heard, and another male passenger was injured, with only 9 passengers at the time of the incident, then parked the car and opened the door. Meanwhile, all the passengers escaped from the vehicle. The culprit was still inside the car alone. It is not known why the culprit committed the crime.
The Police Chief ordered the police to control the situation. Young man shoots phuket bus, injures 2|The Police Commissioner urgently ordered the police to take control of the situation. Gangsters shooting in Phuket tour bus Two people were injured and the rest of the passengers were safe. Police are in talks to arrest him on February 10, 2023. Royal Thai Police spokesman He said he was informed by the police this morning. Phuket city police said the man was in a frenzy. Shooting in phuket-phatthalung tour bus at the bend before reaching Sapam Hospital Thepkasattri Road, Departure Side, Khuan Din Daeng Koh Kaew 2 people were injured when the driver parked the car, 10 passengers were shocked when the driver parked the car and immediately ran away from the car. While the two injured people were taken to the hospital, there was no one on the car, only the culprit, who caused the accident. The perpetrators remained on the minibus. The police have closed Thepkasattri Road within 1 km, the spokesman said. Urgently instruct the local police to expedite the control of the situation according to tactical principles, block the area of the incident that will pose a danger to the people traveling or neighboring areas, and expedite the arrest of the perpetrators for legal proceedings. The name of the perpetrator of the crime is Mr. Navin Helplaing, who is in negotiations to arrest the perpetrator to determine the cause of the crime.
Killing a girl in the basement of a house, the school's superintendent, and the police officer denied it.|Killing a big girl in the basement of the house. Recently, the police invited the director of a school to interrogate him for several hours, but he refused. While the deceased implied that if he died, this man was from the case yesterday evening (February 9, 2023) when the body was found. Miss Boonruan Koopreecha, 49, suffered a fracture in her left ear and a fractured skull and a back neck that collapsed. The face does not have the original outline. His left cheek was covered in a broken jaw and was buried in the basement of the house at 9:30 a.m. on Feb. 10, 2023. House No. 7/3 Moo 6 Ang thong subdistrict, Thap Sakae district, Prachuap Khiri Khan province, where the deceased's house was opened as a model agricultural learning plot, where the deceased's brother and sister, as well as close friends and neighbors, continued to gather to discuss the incident. The crime scene was found at the back of the house, where a wooden table was supposed to be where the attackers took action. The hat worn by the deceased was found regularly on the table. Also on the table were found studs and black leather shoes of men placed on the table along with a football trophy linked to an educational agency in Prachuap Khiri Khan province. It was revealed that he and her husband, who was the brother of the deceased. I felt guilty for trying to call the deceased yesterday but couldn't get in touch. The brother came out to find his sister at the house where the accident occurred, tried to search the house, could not find it, so he called him to help, which tried to search the house but did not find the deceased. Another brother who came to help him told him to search the area around the house, and he opened the door and found the body of the deceased lying face down, so he informed the police. Lieutenant Colonel P.W. Prachuap khirikhan, Lt. Col. Withiwat Srithongjoi, Deputy Chief of Staff, Prachuap Khiri Khan, along with Lt. Col. Nattapong Mukdahan, Superintendent of Police, Thap Sakae, Investigation Unit Prachuap Khiri Khan, the investigation team of Thap Sakae police, went to the scene of the murder of Ms. Boonruan Koopreecha. House No. 7/3 Moo 6 To find more evidence in the case, especially the mobile phone of the deceased that is still not found. The officers went down to the basement of the house where the body of the deceased, 63-year-old Nankittisak Ngamrakrak, who was a neighbour with a coconut grove next to the deceased's garden, was found. It was revealed that around 2pm on Wednesday (8 February 2023), the deceased could still be heard mowing the lawn, and at first he wondered why the deceased did not take a break. But after that, the sound of the lawn mower fell silent. If a stranger enters the area of the deceased's house, he will hear the sound of dogs barking, but that day did not stand by the sound of dogs barking until he came to know yesterday evening that Miss Boonruan had died, Mr. Kwanchai Koopreecha, 54 years old, the brother of the deceased, who found the body. "Yesterday around 2pm. He had an errand to talk to his sister (the deceased) but could not contact him at all, so he rushed to the house, which when he arrived at the house, left 2 windows open, the door was closed but not sure if it was locked or not. When he entered the house, he called for his sister, but there was no response. Seeing the mistake, he called his wife to help him find it. When my wife arrived, she opened the door to the house without locking, so she expected that things would not get better, because normally the sister would go out, had to lock the house, but this came in, the door was not locked, so she immediately called her sister to report the missing person. When I opened it, I found my sister's body inside," the relatives suspected that the perpetrator was probably someone who came to court, came to see her sister regularly, was able to go in and out regularly, and on the day of the incident, asked the villagers around here, no one heard the unusual barking dog, which this man regularly asked for his sister's money. If they don't go, they'll always fight. I've been dating my sister for about 5 years, but I've never spoken to this guy." Kaew Manichote, 59, the biological sister of the deceased. He said police had called the suspect for questioning since last night, and the man frequently entered and exited his sister's (deceased) house, but he never talked. When you come to your sister's house, if you see someone or have relatives come to you, you usually don't get out of the car, which you can only see when you drive past our house, which the sister often tells the brothers that this guy always likes to come and ask for money because the man has a lot of debts. Because his sister was quite much money. There is a cow. The investigative duties invited the director of a school. In Thap Sakae district, it is a school affiliated with SOP 1. Prachuap Khiri Khan went for hours of tense interrogation as officers suspected that it might be related to the cause of death, but the director denied being involved, while officers waited for forensic evidence to be examined, including material witnesses left at the scene. Check the CCTV cameras that can indicate that before the incident, someone drove the vehicle to the house where the accident occurred. TRACK THE PHONE USAGE OF THE DECEASED MISSING AFTER THE BODY WAS FOUND TO SEE THE LATEST CONNECTION TO THE SUSPECTED SPONSORED AFTER EVIDENCE WAS GATHERED. The authorities initially weighed the cause of death as jealousy, and it was estimated that before the deceased was killed, there was a violent argument against the murderer who had committed the brutal killing, since on the deceased was found a spade, which was probably the weapon used by the assailants to injure the deceased, placed on a corpse lying on its side face down.
Heavy duty Southern bandits hope to kill guards 8 officers injured|A 25kg bomb detonated with a radio communication. Eight officers were injured before opening fire. Nasru's group was found at 9 a.m. on Feb. 10, 2023. P.O. Box 9 Lt. Col. Thanya Lapboon, 46th Lt. Col. Explosives Recovery and Destruction Officer, Provincial Police Division Officers of the Forensic Division of Narathiwat province and officers dressed in sniffer war dogs, as well as a number of administrative military police officers. Rudd went to investigate the crime scene. The mob bombed the officers of the district protection outfits. On the way back after completing the mission. Check the order of the railway line. The incident occurred on the roadside of Ahulu's house. M2 T.S.A.R.S.A. At 5:20 p.m. on Feb. 9, 2023, eight officers were injured. CHECKED THE CRIME SCENE THIS MORNING. According to the investigation of the crime scene, which is a dense forest by the roadside, there was a 30 cm deep blast hole with a radius of 50 cm wide, and the debris of the grenade that the assailants put in a picnic gas tank weighing 25 kg, detonated with a radio communication, and scattered throughout the area. Officers also found shell casings. The M-16 fired randomly to prevent the mob from charging in. 25 casings fell near a pile of rubberwood, about 20 meters away from the ignition, officials said. Sources from officials on security issues in the southern border provinces The culprits who carried out the bombings were revealed. It is thought that the group of Nasru Madprasit, who is the leader of the operation, is responsible for the terrorist movements in the area. He ordered the coalition members of the group to drop bombs at the site. In order to camouflage the sight of the officers as they walked by, and detonated the bomb as the officers walked by, but fortunately, the devastating power of the bomb was refracted into the sky, causing only 1 officer to be injured and 7 officers suffering chest tightness and tinnitus, who were recently sent to Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Hospital for treatment. 7 officers were admitted to the hospital with chest tightness and tinnitus, consisting of 1. Ek Muhammaso member and 2. Ek Royanli member. Yamo 3. Basri Chae Lau 4. Ek Paozi Mahama Ali 5. Vani, 6. Eknordin Zheheng, and 7. Toashimi Zhiyurae, all 8 of whom improved respectively.
 Benz Damon Lawyer The only Lamborghini in Thailand Delivered as a medium (clip)|Here comes the only Lamborghini in Thailand. The accused in the Macau 888 online gambling case asked his lawyer to hand over the car to the cyber police for seizure in accordance with the legal process. He confirmed his surrender by Feb. 16, and the assault case, Dew Arisara, would like to be clarified before 10 a.m. on Feb. 10 at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Mr. Pisit Chutipornpongchai Lawyer Benz Damon or Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn brought the Lamborghini madbull liberty walk Aventador V2, the only supercar in Thailand and the seventh in the world. Valued at over 40 million baht Handed over to the police to investigate technological crimes to be seized as a central item in the Macau 888 online gambling case. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Chief Of Staff 1 Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon 2nd Lieutenant Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai Chief Of Staff 3 Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, spokesperson for the BOC, was the recipient. The lawyer of Mr. Chaiwat or Benz Damon Khajonboonthavorn, 38, the eldest brother of the 4-B family, accused in the Macau 888 case, brought his car into a slide car, covered with tarpaulin, and parked it in front of the building. B.S.C. THE CYBER COMMANDER THEN OPENED THE CANVAS TO LET THE MASS MEDIA SEE THAT IT WAS THE SAME CAR THAT APPEARED ON SOCIAL MEDIA. It was revealed that it had been coordinated by Benz Damon to deliver the car as it was a suspected vehicle related to the Macau 888 offence, which was registered in the name of Benz's brother since the first day of trading. There is no change of hands of the holder. Is the car involved in the gambling business? Can't answer. As for surrender. Last night he spoke with Benz Damon and learned that he would surrender by February 16 with clear intent to surrender. I will definitely not escape to another country. In the case of a dispute with actress Dew Arisara over the assault, Benz insisted on not retaliating, but the news was exaggerated. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Police Commissioner investigating technological crimes Mr. Kittipong Khajonboonthavorn or Big, the 3rd brother, has authorized his lawyer to hand over the car to the police for inspection. Damon, what's the relationship with this car? Is the money purchased from the offense? Benz, upon returning to Thailand, will have to explain why this luxury car It's his brother's name. As for the issue of the trip to the examination of actress Dew, it is under consideration by the working group and coordinating the actress to determine when it is ready, which is waiting for the date and time and trusting any police officer to provide details. The actress is in a position to give a statement, with clarity expected by Feb. 16. As for the investigation, the police will examine all aspects of the lamborghini car that was delivered. There are still traces of gray stickers covered around the car body. To change the color of the car before it is peeled off. The actual color of the car, which is orange-black, is also different from the one shown in the opening footage of the Mercedes-Benz luxury car. Damon previously published Also on the front of the console on the left hand side is the signature from the manufacturer for Benz Damon, which is the signature of Wataru Kato, the Liberty Walk owner who flew directly from Japan to Thailand. It is also listed as the only car in Thailand. The officer will then make a record to return the car to the central bank for storage, since it is a high-value property, which will be stored at the garage along the motorway, Prawet district, Bangkok, with the condition that the car should not be moved anywhere else until the legal matter is completed.
Ex-soldier shoots bus, kills himself, escapes after being besieged by police|Ex-conscript shoots passengers on bus Phuket-Phatthalung line hurts 2, decides to take his own life to escape crime after crime He was found to be a psychiatric patient who lacked treatment and developed hallucinations this morning (Feb. 10). A frantic gangster shoots a passenger sitting inside a Phuket-Phatthalung bus. While the car was passing through the Khuan Din Daeng bend. Thepkasattri Rd. Ratsada Two people were injured and the culprit was still hiding inside the car, with police officers negotiating and arresting the culprit at 11.00 a.m. P.O.C. 8 TOGETHER WITH PHUKET POLICE CHIEF NARONG WUNXIU TOGETHER INSTRUCTED THE PHUKET POLICE AND PHUKET POLICE TO BRING THE RELATIVES OF MR. NAVIN HELPKLAIANG, 24 YEARS OLD, A CRIMINAL WHO WAS HIDING ON THE BUS, WHO WAS COMING FROM AO LUEK DISTRICT, KRABI PROVINCE, TO TALK TO MR. NAVIN TO GET OFF THE BUS AND SURRENDER TO THE POLICE OFFICERS. Mr Navin's body was found lying face down in a pool of blood on the floor, wearing a blue T-shirt and blue jeans. Wearing black sneakers with 1 gun of unknown size (Thai invention) The corpse was shot in the left nipple area by a firearm. Phuket Police inspected and performed a preliminary autopsy on the vehicle before sending the body to Wachira Phuket Hospital. Ms. Juraiporn Rakbanjong, 49, and Mr. Napanat Manichatri, 26, were injured by bullets. Mr. Rit (pseudonym), aged 21 years, 1 of the 9 passengers who were in the car at the time of the accident, told us that before the car left the police station, he saw the culprit walking to the car as usual as a normal passenger until the car left the pier to head to Phatthalung province. Thepkasattri Rd. Koh Kaew A.Muang The culprit got up from his seat and pulled out a gun and fired 2 shots without saying a word, which he was playing with his mobile phone. The 2nd shot was wounded by a man, so he narrowly dodged the bullet in his head and heard the 3rd shot, which is expected that the culprit should have shot himself dead, since all the passengers, including the injured person, ran out of the car. This causes hallucinations, and eventually causes such incidents. Maj. Gen. Sermpanu Sirikong The Phuket Police Chief said after the incident that after the incident, he learned that he had been an enlisted soldier for 2 years and applied for another year, and then was discharged. RELATIVES STATED THAT MR. NAVIN HAD A MENTAL ILLNESS AND HAD BEEN ADMITTED TO A HOSPITAL IN AO LUEK DISTRICT, KRABI PROVINCE, BUT DID NOT CONTINUE TAKING MEDICATION UNTIL BEFORE THE INCIDENT. Relatives who came to try to negotiate with Mr. Navin witnessed everything. See the performance of police duties. He was not caught up in Mr. Navin's death.
A jealous Kalasin man storms his wife's house. Shot his father-in-law and fired 4 shots at the police.|A 40-year-old man is jealous of his wife. He took the gun and drove his wife down the canal to escape. Later, the husband followed his wife's house and shot at her father-in-law before setting it on fire. Yang Talat Square He was shot and killed by 4 shots at the hospital. At approximately 8.30 p.m. on February 9, 2023, at approximately 8.30 p.m., Mr. Supat Suttichum was arrested. The accused, aged 40, a villager of Nong Khon Chai, T.Lub, A.Muang, Kalasin Province. Use of firearms to intimidate and injure His wife is Miss Pornpirun Phupang. 37 years old, using a hijacked gun. Miss Pornpirun to drive her motorcycle along the road beside the Klong Ban Don Yung Noi. Yang Talat Yang Talat But Ms. Pornpirun decided to drive down the canal to escape at around 21.00 a.m. on the same day. concubine phukhamyod Mother of Ms. Pornpirun, the victim, came to report to the police at Yang Talat Police Station later on Lt. Col. Thanarat Khanthawut and 4 other officers, who were on patrol duty 2-0, left for the scene. Ms. Pornpirun and her family went to stay at the sponsored relative's house at about 07.00 a.m. on February 10, 2023. Miss Pornpirun in Moo 12, Yang Talat Yang Talat Kalasin province again and found Mr. Wichian Dramapol, 56, who is the father of Ms. Pornpirun, was inside the house and shot at Mr. Wichian's left shoulder until he was injured and set fire to the damaged house. The police officer then talked to persuade him to drop the gun, but Mr. Supat refused. Instead, he used a firearm to shoot at a police officer, was hit by a patrol car, was damaged several times, and then clashed with police officers. Mr. Suwat was shot 4 times and seriously injured, then taken to Yang Talat Hospital and was transferred to Kalasin Hospital for treatment. Maj. Gen. Somyos Sriprakhand, Director, Yang Talat Police Department Kalasin said the incident was ongoing. It happened yesterday evening (February 9, 2023) when the accused broke into his wife's house and used a firearm to threaten his wife to drive him home. The wife then decides to drive down the canal to escape, and then reports to the police. The police officers, fearing that the accused would come after him and attacked his wife and family again, took him to a relative's house later this morning (February 10, 2023). The accused again came to his wife's house. The father-in-law was found inside the house with a 9mm gun and shot at the injured father-in-law's left shoulder and set the house on fire, almost burning the entire house. Later, the same police officers were informed of the shooting, so they went to the scene and confronted each other, and the suspect opened fire on the police officer first. This caused the police officers to shoot back in self-defense. 4 shots until the accused was injured and taken to Yang Talat Hospital and sent to Kalasin Hospital for treatment. Ms. Pornpirun, the wife of the deceased, said that she and the accused had been in a relationship for about 3 years and had a child of 1 year old. This caused frequent quarrels, which the day before broke into his home. Use firearms to intimidate them into returning home. Driving to his house, he decides to break his car into the canal to escape. But when he escaped, he continued to commit crimes at home, causing his father to be shot and injured, and also to shoot at the police again, until he was shot back and eventually died, which he regretted very much.
Drunk stepson He used a three-faced stick to beat his stepfather to death.|A 28-year-old stepson used a three-faced stick to beat his 62-year-old stepfather to death after a fight over his stepson beating his 62-year-old stepfather. Dan, the mother, revealed that her child was rampant at 11 p.m. on February 10, 2023. Pa Payom Police Station with Lt. Col. Tiwakorn Kongphet, Director of Pa Payom Police Department Police officers of Pa Payom Forensics and Safety Rescue Division inspected the house at 7 Moo 7, Ban Prao Subdistrict, Pa Payom District, Phatthalung Province. At the scene at the entrance of the house, officers found the body of Mr. Boonsorn, 62, the owner of the house, lying dead in a pool of blood. The corpse had a wound smashed with a solid object into the occipital region. Right forehead, right arm Beside the body, officers found a third stick. 1 short knife, about 50 cm long, stored as evidence at the scene, the police detained Mr. Dejsorn or Mr. Ball, 28 years old, who was the stepson of the deceased. The perpetrator, who had a sharp wound, had a sharp cut on his right arm. He was slightly injured and interrogated at Pa Payom Police Station after questioning Mrs. Yaopha, 64, the wife of the deceased. The attacker's mother said she had been living with the deceased Mr. Boonsorn for 15 years, and Mr. Ball was her stepdaughter from her previous husband. Mr. Ball had a drug habit. WHEN DRUNK, HE WOULD RAMPAGE, FIGHT PEOPLE IN THE HOUSE AND DESTROY HIS BELONGINGS FREQUENTLY BEFORE THE INCIDENT. 1 died, causing Mr. Boonsong to be dissatisfied. Go on to Mr. Ball, until a fight ensues. Her son held a stick. Mr. Boonsong, her husband, was carrying a knife at the time of the incident. He did not dare to enter because he was afraid that his son, Mr. Ball, would hurt him. Mr. Ball chased her away from me. So she walked away to the front of the house, asking for help from her neighbors. But when the neighbors arrived, they found that Mr. Ball had used a stick to beat Mr. Boonsorn, her husband had died, and mrs. Yaopha's testimony was consistent with that of Mr. Supin Nuankeu, 56, the head of the house. Moo 7, Ban Prao Subdistrict, Pa Payom District, said that Mr. Ball, the perpetrator, had a drug habit. When drunk, he cannot control himself. Destroy belongings in the house. Often, the mother and the deceased would call for help and the police to help stop the incident, but in the past, they never took action to attack the people in the house until the tragic incident occurred, where Mr. Ball even used a stick to beat his stepfather to death. Recently, the police detained Mr. Ball at Pa Payom Police Station for interrogation and charged him with assault causing death and taking drugs.
5 teams of police officers Big Joker slammed his neck. Behind the scenes|Big Joke says police arrested 5 teams for allegedly attacking gambling website administrators The police are behind the scenes, there are still 2 escapees, revealing that there is until the police give information on the registration of the criminals, speeding up the hunt if there is a policeman who is not sure in the case of Mr. Universe Yellowprasert. The founder of the Facebook page "Sai Mai Must Survive" took the victim as a programmer engineer, acting as an "administrator" for the online gambling site, to file a grievance with Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, claiming that he was attacked by a police officer of the rank of "Pol. Maj. Gen." A colleague of Maj. Gen. Surachet ordered his subordinates to attack and injure him. Due to the decrease in the revenue from online gambling websites and the threat of killing the whole family, but when the server was checked and found no abnormalities, he was released by informing the accused on February 6, 2023, the latest progress of this case at Chokchai Police Station at 7.30 p.m. on February 10, 2023. The assault on the engineer programmer who runs an online gambling website has been successful. The police chief said the case was "very serious". Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the chief of police, gave the order. Since it is a case that has received a lot of attention from the public and the media because there is information that there are government officials involved in such online gambling sites and there is also an outrageous incident, he has ordered the investigating officers together with Chokchai Police Station, which is the area responsible for the case. Speed up the investigation and track down the perpetrators. According to the investigation, the victim worked as an administrator of an online gambling website for about 5-6 years, acting as a customer care and advising on deposits and withdrawals. The victims were picked up and found at a coffee shop in the district. A group of about 4-5 suspects asked the victim about the missing money, but the victim refused, so he was kicked and punched several times by the accused and took the victim's mobile phone and tablet and transferred 25,000 baht from the victim's account. The person who took it was revealed that he was carrying a firearm. Scare the victims and consent. Upon reaching the room, the victim's girlfriend was found to be present. The accused took more shoes and watches and drove away in a pickup truck. The incident occurred on Jan. 12, and after the incident, the victim decided to seek help from the information. Investigators The Chokchai Police Department has asked the court to issue arrest warrants for 7 suspects, comprising 1. Ms. Patchawan Phumraam, 39, was the one who questioned and took the victim's phone to transfer money. Mr. Montri Kasa, 39, was the questioner.3. Mr. Victor Boonnak, 32, was the one who committed the assault on the victim (surrender)4. Ms. Ramita Sudjit, 32, helped check the victim's account information (surrender)5. Mr. Thanet Lekbanjong, 34, was the one who physically assaulted the victim (surrender)6. Mr. Kritsada Jamjamaras, 32, was the driver of the car and took him to the victim's room (surrender)7. Mr. Suthat Pimsen, 25, who drove to the victim's room (surrendered), will be prosecuted for the offense of "robbery, common assault causing bodily or mental harm, rape of another person to commit any act, or surrender to anything by causing fear of endangering life. or by the use of lethal force to the extent that the rapist is subjected to such acts as weapons, retaliation, detention, or in any way depriving others of their bodily liberty, causing fear or shock to others by threatening, acting in any way against others, bullying, harassing, suffering, possession of firearms without a permit, and carrying firearms with them to the city. Recently, 5 suspects have been surrendered and 2 arrested. IF IT IS FOUND TO COOPERATE WITH THE REAL PERPETRATORS, THE PROSECUTION WILL PROCEED TO THE END.SPONSORED Pol. Gen. Surachet said that the case is of great interest to the media and the public because the victims have provided information that it is an online gambling website owned by the police, as well as an outrageous incident. It will also prosecute government officials who provide civil registration information to the accused. Used to intimidate victims. If found relevant, the prosecution will proceed to the end and also instruct the investigators to gather evidence to trace the owner of the website. If you find someone involved Even if they are real government officials, they will be prosecuted without exception.
"Big Zhao" Visiting troops after Phetkasem Police Station He shot himself.|"Big Zhao" Fit visits troops to boost morale Behind the sword, the police, the radio room. Phetkasem Police Station The deceased was found to have no debts, and the media offered information to the family of the deceased on February 11, 2023. The Chief of Staff visited the troops at 9th Army and Phetkasem Police Station. After the incident, Dr. Veera Phurit, Group Director Phetkasem police officer stressed about the problem and used a weapon to shoot himself in the bathroom. Petchkasem was seriously injured and later died at the hospital, Lt. Gen. Thiti said, adding that a committee was now being set up to investigate the deaths. To draw conclusions about the issue of death. Initially, this police officer was a person who was willing to work and did not have personal problems with his colleagues and the public. By giving the board time. 7 days to find out the summary of the death and also to give way to the land. It is the chain of command at the level closest to the deceased. Close subordinates in the area of helping to heal the family of the deceased. This morning, he visited the family of the deceased and asked about the problem. Born and raised in a police residence, under the supervision of a police family, must be a descendant of a policeman, will take care of the best, and leave the press with regard to informal debt reporting. The family has Confirm that the information has not been provided to anyone. Some of the stories that the media has presented have had a significant psychological impact on the families of the deceased. Lt. Col. Pramot Chanboonkaew, Director, Phetkasem Police Department He revealed that he had just been in the position of director for about 10 days and had checked the livelihood of the police officers of The Petchkasem Police Department until he realized that some subordinates had debts from cooperative loans, so he tried to help by providing food and trying to find ways that could generate extra income for subordinates. But because of the length of time he has just taken office. Therefore, the problem has not been discussed systematically until this happens. It is very sad and sad that I have not had the opportunity to discuss the real problems of the deceased and the news that the deceased is in debt outside the system. According to preliminary investigations, no such liabilities have been found. There are only a handful of police cooperatives.
Nong Khae Police Sending a nanny to abuse a child with brain swelling in detention and applying for bail.|In the case of a single mother taking her child to care, her child's brain is swollen and bruised and sent to the hospital. The doctor should make up his mind before reporting the case. Nong Khae police informed the prosecution of the babysitter's case until the police detained the nanny and sent him to the court for bail on February 11, 2023. Reporters received complaints from Ms. Wanida Rakboon, 26 years old, villager M.8 Nong Khai Nam Nong Khae, Saraburi While traveling to see the sickness of Dr. Thanakorn Rakboon, 1 year and 2 months old (Nong Dew) The son at Saraburi Hospital, who was transferred from Nong Khae Hospital with unconsciousness since yesterday (February 9, 2023) while in the ICU intensive care unit, said that before the incident, he was preparing to find a job (factory) in the district. However, he had the burden of raising his son (Nong Dew) because he had broken up with her husband since she was in the womb, so she was a single mother. It was suggested to take Dew to the daycare facility. The house of Mrs. Siriyaporn Losuwan 33 years old So he went to see it. Such daycare facilities. There are many adults in the area, and it is found that there are other parents who have already brought 2-3 children to be adopted. Therefore, he tried to take Dew to the nursery first on a daily basis. 150 Baht per day 3 days ago If it passes and there is no problem, they will leave it on a monthly basis so that they can get to work. Ms. Wanida continued, "The first day. Day Two Normal events are nothing, but the third day (Feb. 8, 2023) that he brought Mr. Dew to the nursery in the afternoon. Shortly thereafter, he was contacted by Mrs. Siriyaporn (the adopter) that Mr. Dew had abnormal symptoms, spasms, bleeding from his mouth, lying on his tongue, and chatting line and sending photos of his symptoms to inquire about his symptoms. HE SAW THE BAD POSTURE, SO HE RUSHED TO MRS. SIRIYAPORN'S HOUSE, FOUND THAT HER CONDITION WAS VERY HEAVY AND UNCONSCIOUS, FOLLOWED BY BRUISES, SO SHE RUSHED HER TO NONG KHAE HOSPITAL, SPONSORED THE MOTHER OF THE INJURED CHILD. He said that when the doctor at Nong Khae Hospital checked the initial symptoms and immediately provided first aid to the ventilator line, he immediately referred him to Saraburi Hospital for treatment. The saraburi hospital doctor brought in a brain scanner and checked other symptoms and then took him back to the ICU for treatment. The symptoms are quite critical, bleeding in the eyes and bruising and swelling of the body. "The chances of you coming back are only 1 percent. He was very distressed because his son (Nong Dew) was normally cheerful and did not have any underlying disease, so he filed a grievance with Lt. Col. Sathitpong Srion. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Nong Khae Police Department to check for evidence (CCTV) From Mrs. Siriyaporn's house, what happened to Mr. Dew, to continue to prosecute those who abused their children." Ms. Wanida said later that investigators were investigating. Nongkhae police invited Mrs. Siriyaporn Losuwan (adopter) to investigate the investigation room. It took more than 5 hours until Mrs. Siriyaporn could not stand the pressure from the police officers. Mrs. Siriyaporn claimed that after her mother was dew, she was not able to do so. It took about an hour for Dew to arrive, and it appeared that he was crying. The child was unfamiliar, and Dew's crying was also used to pounding his head on the ground. He tried to seduce him for a long time, but he didn't stop crying and continued to pound his head to the ground. I didn't think Dew would be affected so much. Then, at 5 p.m., police officers investigated. Nong Khae police invited Ms. Wanida Rakboon Mr. Dew's mother further questioned Nong Khae police by refraining from giving any interviews to reporters and immediately invited him to the interrogation room. Pol. Col. Sathit Sangprapai, nongkhae police chief, said that based on the police's approach to investigation, the investigation was conducted in accordance with the police's approach. As a result, the accused confessed that he accidentally abused the child without thinking that the child would be harmed so much. Subpoena for arrest Mrs. Siriyaporn to continue the legal proceedings. The police have charged him with assault causing serious harm and physical or mental abuse of a child under the Child Protection Act. Dr. Sathit added that Mrs. Siriyaporn was also convicted in the mask fraud case. The case is under repayment this morning. Reporters traveling to Nong Khae Police Station found that Mrs. Siriyaporn (Pui) was detained by the authorities in the detention room of Nong Khae Police Station, where Mrs. Pui was in a visibly depressed state because she had not slept all night. After the court approved the issuance of the arrest warrant, the police immediately detained him in his cell, and in the morning 3-4 relatives visited him. Mrs. Pui boarded the car of Nong Khae Police Station and detained her at the Saraburi Provincial Court, where the police had opposed the bail because it was a shocking case. It was found that the house was closed and quiet, only a dog inside the house, knowing that relatives had gone to the court, preparing securities to apply for bail in the next court. The mother of the perpetrator will be a good talker, and the son-in-law (the husband of the perpetrator) will rarely talk to anyone, personally never seeing the child beating the child and rarely hear the child singing. As for beating a child, he didn't know, never saw it. Just a few months ago, the perpetrators were selling food. IN THE AFTERNOON, THEY WILL BE ADOPTED, WHICH I JUST FOUND OUT ABOUT YESTERDAY AFTER SEEING THE NEWS.
The Central Bureau of Investigation ordered 11 companies to investigate "Inspector Sua".|"Central Investigation" conducts financial audit in case "Inspector Sua" is complained about. The initial online gambling house found "Jiraporn Puridej". Director general Set up working groups in both the Army and the Royal Thai Army that specialize in each area. Send a series of investigations to find detailed information. To whoever performs all the "Big Den" actions ordered to inspect the supervisor in case Inspector Sua is absent from the service for more than 15 days until he is discharged from the service. If defects are found, they must be punished for not caring, and the general is not spared. Online police face heavy penalties in the case Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the chief of police, has ordered Lt. Col. Vasawat Mukrasakul or Inspector Sua, Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Office of Personnel Maintenance, to leave the service. After being unfolded by Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, the owner of a major online gambling house. It has a turnover of over 10 billion baht. Assigned to Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej Director general Check later. Maj. Gen. Thongchai Seriwattana The Director general of the Public Works Division has ordered the Public Works Division No. 5/2566 for police officers to leave the service. After being accused of serious disciplinary offences, he was charged with abandonment or abandonment of official duties without reasonable cause. Cause serious damage to the government or abandon it. Official duties at one time for more than 15 days are grounds for suspension according to the rules. The police suspended and ordered him to leave the service before the progress from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) at 1.30 p.m. on February 10. Director general Revealing the progress of the audit of financial and business routes in the network, Lt. Col. Vasawat Mukrasakul or Inspector Sua entangled the online gambling website or not, whether or not to thank Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the Director general of the Police Department, for entrusting the NCPO to investigate this matter. For matters assigned by the Inspector General to investigate, it was initially found that there was a basis. In the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, the information of the 11 companies of Inspector Sua was given. THE BOC ALREADY HAS INFORMATION, INCLUDING ABOUT THE BEHAVIOR THAT IS INVOLVED IN ONLINE GAMBLING SITES, BUT MUST INVESTIGATE ALL DIMENSIONS WHETHER IT IS RELATED TO MONEY LAUNDERING OR NOT.SPONSORED "PERSONALLY, BELIEVING THAT EVERYTHING HAS A CAUSE, THEREFORE ORDERED A WORKING GROUP THAT IS EXPERTS IN EACH AREA UNDER THE CENTRAL INVESTIGATION COMMAND, SUCH AS THE ARMY, THE POSS AND THE ROYAL THAI ARMY, TO SPEED UP THE TRACE OF Inspector Sua's financial path back as much as possible, as well as to gather evidence against all those involved in all dimensions. If found guilty Anyone involved must take legal action. In the case where the NCPO is assigned to investigate the financial path of the accused, it is different from the matter that the Director-General will check at the general level, but if the results of the audit in the part of the B.C.C. assigned to be related to the general, it will definitely report to the commander. Confirm that the NCPO will work fully. There is no boxing falling on the viewers. However, although the NCPO already has information, it is willing to accept information on this matter from all parties. As for whether or not the working group will call Inspector Sua to testify, it will have to consider the next steps," he said. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, said in the same case that he had initially ordered Lt. Col. Vasawat Mugarsakul or Inspector Sua, a former public works senator 2, to leave the government service due to lack of service age for more than 15 days. Blame for not caring subordinate If found guilty. Defective, neglected to punish hierarchically to the chief of staff, who is the head of the unit. In the case of Inspector Sua, accused by Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit of being involved in online gambling, he has now ordered an investigation and is currently working on the case. Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej The Director-General is the inspector of the network of financial routes who are involved. But it will take time, waiting for the investigation to come up", confirming that the matter will be fully dealt with, as is the case with the police officer of the rank of General "E" who is allegedly involved in the online gambling network. Order the information to be clearly checked to ensure fairness to all parties. If anyone is found to be linked to illegal activity, no matter what. Both disciplinary and criminal action must be taken. Lt. Gen. Jirapop examined all of Inspector Sua's affiliated business finances. If anyone is found to be involved, immediate action will be taken without omission." The police chief said.
Police reveal call center gang tricked into installing mobile control app, sucking up 16 million|Chonburi governor reveals call center gang tricked victims into installing mobile phone control application Before smuggling money into a bank account, he lost 16 million baht. Gather evidence, send cyber police to resume from call center gang cases. Mr. Watchara Srisocharoenchai, 40, a resident of Chonburi province, claiming to be an official of the Department of Internal Trade, tricked him into installing an application on his mobile phone and clicking on a link to verify his identity. In the end, all accounts were sucked up, losing more than 16 million baht. According to the press release, the latest developments On February 25, 2023, Maj. Gen. Kampol Leelapraphaphon Chief Of Staff, Chonburi Province It was revealed that it had received a report from Lt. Col. Nares Phumsuk, Deputy Senator (Investigation). Mueang Chonburi Police Station Investigators have now investigated the details with the victims, whose money was actually transferred. 16 million baht The call center gang tricked him into loading the application and took control of his mobile phone, and the money left his account. The next step is the investigative power of the Technological Crime Investigation Command (CBI) or the cyber police, and the investigators will gather evidence and submit it to the cyber police for further arrest.
Khon Kaen police defeat gang of 9 tamarind tree ghost girls to buy erotic and call their husbands to slap the property. |Khon Kaen city police raided a gang of young women standing on the side of the road at night. Scammers sell services after a young man buys and eats and is made by a pimp. 9 women and 1 man have been arrested in connection with a social media case in Khon Kaen province. The post warned young nightlife travelers that they may encounter an incident that led to the loss of property, stating, "KKL page members have informed me. Warning young travelers to beware of women named Oi Find the victim in front of the court And call to tell the husband which hotel is in And followed by slapping the property is robbery Many people have already been hit by a short black husband controlling the area, carrying a gun, driving the car, calling, do not park. Later, the reporter tried to contact the victims, who were initially found, but he was inconvenient and did not ask for an interview, but confirmed that it was true. IT HAS BEEN DOING THIS FOR MANY YEARS, AND THE AREA IS CALLED THE TAMARIND TREE GHOST ZONE, WHERE WOMEN AND MEN ARE STANDING TO CALL OUT GUESTS. At 11.00 p.m. on February 25, 2023, Lt. Col. Methee Srivanna, Deputy Chief of Police, Khon Kaen, accompanied by Lt. Col. Sivanas Suvarpan. Khon Kaen City Council More than 20 patrol police officers were deployed to inspect the area. In front of the government center and Theparak Road, Khon Kaen Municipality, to track Ms. Aoi, as well as to prevent the incident, a woman was found parked on a motorcycle on the side of the road. The officers searched the body and motorcycle before detaining them at Khon Kaen Police Station and found 9 women and 1 male, and then made a full profile and informed them of the allegations of "contacting, soliciting, introducing themselves, following, or provoking a person on the street or public, or committing such acts in any other place for the purpose of prostitution which is open and embarrassing or a nuisance to the public", with a fine not exceeding 1,000 baht. In that case, he said: Initially, it was heard on social media, where a lot of such stories were posted and shared. After the investigation team was sent to the area to investigate the facts immediately. Initially, it was not known whether the incident actually happened, but from talking to the detainees, it was learned that Ms. Oy, whose name appears on social media, is real. But they didn't come out for several days. After the story is posted In the social world, khon kaen city police chief said that however, he wants the victims to come forward to report the wrongdoing because the police will be able to take legal action. In addition, police patrols will patrol the streets in front of government centers to prevent female and male groups from being a nuisance, which will damage the image of Khon Kaen.
"Soft" She left the river. This morning, I will be thoroughly interrogated again (clip).|8-month-old son pleaded guilty to dumping his 8-month-old son in the Tha China River after he was carrying his baby in a bath and fell off his body and hit the ground and had a seizure this morning. An 8-month-old boy who disappeared from his home at According to the latest developments, a 17-year-old girl, Nim, her mother, confessed to having brought her son's body to the Tha China River. Causes section It was caused by carrying the baby in the shower and then dropping the baby to the ground, causing the child to convulse, helpless to leave it on the bamboo grove by the Tha China River. This morning The investigating officer will interrogate Nim together with the multidisciplinary team at The Provincial Police Region 7 again thoroughly imported all expressions. A progress report will be provided further.
Ordered to hunt down the villains, shoot brutally. Young architect dies Dad gives weight to work.|Paknam police officers hunt down 2 suspects who shot and killed a 28-year-old architect in front of friends who were watching football. The father believes that it is unlikely to be caused by an affair, but gives weight to the work of a construction company from the case of 2 criminals who shot Mr. Ponganan Puttawee. Young architects of the distant future The 28-year-old died in front of his residence in Samut Chedi. In the middle of the night on Feb. 25, at 10:30 a.m. on Feb. 26, 2023, reporters went to the area to find his parents, parents and relatives. Arrangements were made for his son's funeral. Mr. Ponganan Phuttawee, 28, who was shot by 2 mobsters on a motorcycle in front of his house, walked down and shot him. Today, his brother and his girlfriend went to pick up the body at the Forensic Institute of Police Hospital. To perform religious rituals at The Big Bang Pla Press Temple. The funeral service will be held on Wednesday, March 1 at 5 p.m. at the Main Temple Crematorium. The Chief of Staff of the Samut Prakan Police Department has ordered that Maj. Gen. Chotiwat Yellowvilai Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Samut Prakan Province and Lt. Col. Thapol Thongbai, Deputy Chief of Staff, Phra Samut Chedi Police Department BECAUSE THE CASE IS AN OUTRAGEOUS CASE NOT AFRAID OF THE LAW, MR. KITTISAK CHANPAKDEE, 28, a friend of the deceased who was present at the incident, said that last night at the time of the incident, he was not afraid of the crime. He had tied a stretcher near the scene. The assailant rode to a stop in front of the deceased's house before walking down and pulling a gun and firing at the deceased. The villain doesn't know who it is. The villains were dressed in robes and full helmets. As for the motorcycle, it is not known what brand it is, what color it is. I can't remember because the incident happened so quickly. The villain shoots a single friend. The rest of the people were also afraid of being shot. After the sound of gunfire, the deceased fell on the doorstep. Before the friends helped carry the deceased into the house, they waited for the authorities to come to their aid. As for the reason why the friend was shot, he did not know what the matter was because the deceased never had an affair with anyone and never went to disturb anyone. The culprit then parked his car and shot the deceased. The assailant walked over and shot the deceased alone. The others sitting there didn't hit. The culprit walked over and fired 4-5 shots at the deceased's doorstep, and the reason was that he did not know why the villain came to shoot, because if the group knew that there was a matter, they would be more careful or defensive. Mr. Kriangsak Puttatawee, 58, the deceased's father, said that when the incident occurred in the bedroom, he heard gunshots and ran out to see it. The son has never had a problem with anyone. The son worked as a construction worker, and his son finished architecture, according to the video, the son was sitting in front of the house watching football. He wanted to know why he shot his son, but he still didn't know what caused the shooting. I want the police to arrest the criminals and prosecute them as soon as possible.  As for the affair. Deceased Father Confirm that my son has no affair because he has been alone for more than 10 years. As for business issues, My son was an employee of a company whose son worked as a construction company. My son is an architect and design engineer, and every job has to be done through the company. It is unlikely that my son will have problems getting a job or a construction contractor. As for the issue of antagonistic controversy. The father told his son that he was a good person, not very sympathetic to anyone. In addition to acquaintances. And the villagers in this area love their son because the son is not a person who likes to find out about or have problems with anyone.
A young dentist's assistant shoots Travel with a dead girl The jealous girl knot is new.|A young dentist's assistant shoots Travel with a young student In a house for rent in Ranong city center. Anger and jealousy that the woman beat herself away from the police until Lt. Col. Rajdej rushed to catch him, urging him not to think about fighting. At 11:30 p.m. on February 26, 2023, Lt. Col. Ying Ratchanika Chuen Sa Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Ranong Police Department received a report that 2 people were shot and killed in a rented house in Soi Ban Ma Suai. Phetkasem Road Khao Niwet Subdistrict, Mueang Ranong District, Ranong Province, so we quickly reported to Pol. Col. Supanat Rattanapirom, Director of Ranong Police Department, is ready to coordinate the investigation team of Ranong City Police, Investigation Division. Ranong Provincial Police, Ranong Forensic Unit, Ranong Hospital Forensic Physicians and Ranong Relief Foundation attended the scene to investigate the incident. Officers blocked the area in front of the rental house. Investigators found the bodies of two people who were shot dead with a short 9mm pistol lying in a pool of blood on their doorstep. The first is a male, later known by name. Alongkorn Pengklad, 28, commander of Ranong Tourist Police Station, was shot in the eye socket, head and torso in the left rib under the milk rail, including 3 shots. Later names are known. Ms. Warisa Rodyai, 22, a student at Ranong Education Center. The Faculty of Hospitality and Tourism Business was shot in the right ear and 2 shots in the torso, lying dead near each other. Initially checked by CCTV footage. The suspect's vehicle, a gray Mazda 3 sedan with unknown number, was found in the rental house and after a while, he left the alley immediately after the incident, according to the investigation. A surviving witness from the scene and a girl friend of the deceased testified that the gunman who committed the crime was Mr. Uthit Matthong, or Rong. Dental Assistant Staff Ranong Hospital, aged about 30 years, was bald at the time of the incident and drove into the rented house of the two deceased, who had been renting for less than a month, and then lurked next to the house. Later, the two deceased learned that someone was probably walking around the house. The young student then phoned a young friend who was a witness to hurry into the house. When he arrived, he rushed in to talk to a friend inside the house, which was also accompanied by a young tourist policeman, and presumably the ex-girlfriend of a girl friend who visited the house. So they quickly persuaded each other to leave the house as soon as the door opened. The gunman, who was secretly present, rushed to the front of the house and immediately drew a gun, firing at the man first, not thinking about shooting him. A few shots were fired at the men, then fired at the female friends, and there was a scream and another shot. He ran to his car and immediately drove away. The cause of the outrageous incident was probably jealousy because the student was an ex-boyfriend, but the woman asked to break up. Before going to get together with the tourist police officer, he found out about the couple's rented house. Before deciding to shoot, immediately killing the two individuals. WITHOUT HARMING THE GIRL'S FRIEND OF AN UNRELATED STUDENT, SPONSORED WHILE ON THE SHORE, UNTIL THE POLICE INVESTIGATING THE RANONG PROVINCIAL POLICE DIVISION. As soon as we knew who the gunman was. And guess the route to escape to a house in the area. Therefore, they ordered to intercept the route on Petchkasem Road and search for accommodation in roadside resorts and guesthouses. Rajdej, fully armed, immediately followed up and gave publicity. Mr. Uthit Matthong or Rong Surrender yourself to the police officers for good, do not resist or use firearms to fight, and let relatives who know the news help persuade them to surrender in another way.
"Genius" unfolds 16 police officers with a former police chief as the head of the movement.|"Genius" unfolds 16 big police names, with former police chief "Pol. Maj. Gen. S." as the leader of the movement. The police are preparing to open a list of two police areas. On February 27, 2023, Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong President of Crime Victims Assistance Club A vinyl plaque listing police officers who claimed to be involved in online gambling, ranging from the former national police commander to the lieutenant colonel, 16 names out of a total of more than 100 names, were disclosed to the media. Mr. Wise revealed that more than 70% of thailand's gambling news chains are overseen by Pol. Gen. S. S. and then there will be several subordinates at the rank of Lieutenant General of Police to take over, both in charge of the Gray Chinese Capital Group and Inspector Sua, as well as the 4-B family, making it impossible for the Central Investigation Police to prosecute these groups because it could affect 200-300 police officers if they arrest Inspector Sua. The Police Bureau of Technology Crime Investigation (BOC) has completed a total of 17 websites with a turnover of more than 100 billion baht, which the police are currently investigating 2 cases, namely the case of the famous actress's boyfriend and the case of the son of the former police commander Region 2. In addition, there is evidence that the Provincial Police Command Region 1 is involved in online gambling websites, especially in Pathum Thani province, there will be a "diamond sword" in front of the governor's room as a caretaker. A monthly bill of 80,000 baht is claimed to be used as expenses for the media at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. Raids and arrests of gambling houses in the area Klongton Police Department last night believed that it was an arrest because earlier there was a green light to open a gambling house in the metropolitan area, but when he learned that Mr. Genius would bring the information to be revealed today, he immediately took action. Gate 1, Rama 1 Road, has police forces from Pathumwan Police Station and Metropolitan Division 6 to facilitate and take care of the order in the area.
Progress, young man shoots police officer with 2 dead girls, waiting for arrest warrant to be issued, witnesses lean on the dead person as just a sibling|develop A jealous man shot a 22-year-old tourist policeman and his ex-girlfriend to death with two bodies and is awaiting an arrest warrant, according to witnesses in the incident. On Chonrau Road Khao Niwet At the scene of the incident, officers found 2 dead bodies nearby, shot dead with a short pistol. The first was 28-year-old Alongkorn Pengklad, who was the commander of Ranong Tourist Police Station, who was shot three times in the eye socket, head and torso. Ms. Warisa Rodyai, 22, was shot three times in the right ear and two in the torso, according to CCTV. The officers knew the perpetrator was Mr. Uthit Matthong, 29, an officer at Ranong Hospital this morning (February 27, 2023), Lt. Col. Thien Balthip, deputy commander of Ranong Provincial Police, along with the police forensics went to the scene to collect more evidence. THE INCIDENT WAS THOUGHT TO BE CAUSED BY JEALOUSY, BUT HE DID NOT ASK FOR A FLAG BECAUSE HE HAD TO WAIT FOR THE ARREST AND INVESTIGATION OF THE SHOOTER BEFORE SPONSORED, THE REPORTER MET A YOUNG MAN WHO RENTED A HOUSE NEARBY, SAID THAT BEFORE THE INCIDENT HE HAD JUST RETURNED TO THE HOUSE. He didn't dare to come out and see it, but he only opened the door and saw the car driving away after the sound of gunfire, waiting until the police officers came to dare to come out. It was found that the deceased died in front of the said house, which he personally did not know because he had only been living for less than a month. The reporter met a friend of Ms. Warisa, who died. But declined to be interviewed. He said it was not convenient to provide information. Later, it was livestreamed via Facebook "En (Name Bang En)". He alluded to a news presentation on a news page in Ranong province, stating, "The person who shot was the ex-girlfriend of the woman who died. The policeman died. He already has a family. The woman who died with the policeman was the brother who taught the apprenticeship. Just in case you see him together. In fact, there was another rat standing in the middle, but the gunman did not shoot the girl, a friend of Ms. Warisa, who died. He said that earlier yesterday evening, he and his deceased female friend went to help the deceased policeman sell lotteries. Myself and my friends were busy, so I volunteered to sell them, and I accidentally sold a lot. The policeman who died, he volunteered to feed the rice in return. In the meantime, myself and my friends and the policeman went to a restaurant to listen to music, so I asked to come back and take a shower in my room. He then sent his deceased friend to his room and asked his friend and the policeman to wait at the deceased's house. Then we make an appointment to go to dinner. When I finished taking a shower, I went to a friend's house after the incident. Ms Warisa, who died, said her friend and police officer were waiting in the house without knowing when the gunman's ex-boyfriend had been waiting. When I arrived, I walked into the house where the accident occurred, and I invited my friend and the deceased policeman to get into the car. While walking out in front of the house. A female friend is on the left hand side, locking the house, and the policeman is on the right hand side. The gunman who fired the shot suddenly ran from his hiding place, immediately aimed the gun at the policeman and his friend, without asking or saying a word. The shooting was very close and no one expected it. The gunman planned everything. However, I would like the owner of the page to make headlines to match the reality. A dead person cannot make excuses for anything.
Nakhon Pathom Provincial Justice extends a helping hand in the case after his mother pleaded guilty.|Until the Office of Justice of Nakhon Pathom Province assisted in providing legal knowledge and justice funds to hire lawyers. They will have to wait for the outcome of the case to determine which direction they will go on the afternoon of Feb. 27, 2023. Ms. Sukanya Satnako, Office of Justice of Nakhon Pathom Province, came to Bang Luang Police Station. He also revealed that the role of the Nakhon Pathom Provincial Justice Office has the Compensation for Victims Act. Expenses and remuneration to defendants in criminal cases This case means that everyone in Thailand, whether Thai or foreign. If attacked, killed. The Compensation Act will take care of the heirs who remain. The case of a 17-year-old girl The 8-month-old boy, after pleading guilty to dumping his child into the Tha China River, will have to see what the outcome of the case will be. There is a justice fund on the use of lawyers to assist with cases, which people request, whether it is fighting cases or knowledge of both criminal and civil laws, free of charge.
Police rushed to help clear the hearts of the family of the former world champion. He wants to take his child to therapy.|Police win war, speed up to clear hearts of domestic violence Rambo Rattanapol, famous boxing champion He brushed his son off, but caressed him and swung him to the ground because he was smaller, wanting him to get treatment. At 1:00 p.m. on February 27, 2023, Lt. Col. Sanong Saengmanee, director of the Win the War Police, revealed the case of a famous Facebook page reporting that "Rattanapol S.Worapin" or Rambo. The former world boxing champion was regularly assaulted by his son, who was addicted to drugs, and threatened to kill, but informed that he is currently in the service and has been training for 5 days. He continued: "As far as I know, what happened within the family of the boxer named So, has been going on for several days. The father did not want to prosecute the child. He only wanted the police to take his son to therapy. As for the details and methods or procedures of the operation, all parties are in the process of being coordinated to discuss and negotiate. CONFIRMING THAT THE POLICE ARE NOT CALM, BUT BECAUSE IT IS A FAMILY MATTER, WHICH IS VERY SENSITIVE, SPONSORED BY LT. COL. SARAYUT BOONTHAM, DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE WIN-WAR POLICE STATION, SAID THAT THE FORMER BOXER HAD BEEN INVOLVED IN THE PAST. Nowadays, he is selling noodles in Khaosan Alley and has a close acquaintance with the police. The police won the war a few days ago. He told the police at the hotel that he wanted to take his son to drug treatment. After the father had taken his child to self-therapy twice but was not cured. During the period when the police were coordinating the rescue. The son thought that the father had come to the hotel to report his arrest, so there was a quarrel at home. As a result, the father, who is smaller, was physically abused by his son. However, initially The boxer had already entered the journal, but he insisted he did not want to prosecute his son. He just wanted to record the information for the police to send his son to therapy. After this, he will send an undercover police officer to talk to his son and ask him voluntarily if he is ready for treatment, because if he is arrested and prosecuted for drug use and sent to involuntary treatment, the police fear that the situation within the family may escalate. However, if the former boxer changes his mind and insists on taking action against his son, he will have to resign. On charges of assault, the police are ready to arrest them and take legal action." Deputy Chief of Police wins the war Said later. The reporter contacted Mr. Preecha Charoenthada or "Rambo Rattanapol" S.Worapin, 50 years old, the father, confirming that he did not want to prosecute his son. Wounds inflicted It's caused by misunderstandings and caresses. This caused his body, especially his face, to scuffle on the road because he was much smaller than his son, weighing only 50 kilograms, and his son weighing more than 100 kilograms. I want to be treated properly and cured. Come back to be the good people of society. As for what happened, he would be considered fateful, since as a teenager, he used to argue with his father, who was his own father. I've regretted it before.
The Police Commissioner ordered a fact-checking in the case of "genius" unfolding 16 sq.m.|"Big Den" receives the order "National Police Sergeant" Fact-checking in the case of "genius" unfolding "Pol. Maj. Gen. S." including 16 police officers who were arrested on February 27, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said that he had received information from the police chief. After this, it is instructed. Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, the police inspector, quickly completed the investigation because it was an accusation against the officers, who had some pseudonyms and some real names. The Office of the Director has a variety of positions. The person referred to today serves as A.P.C. on the 20th floor. The Director of the Office of the Chief of Police is responsible for coordinating the Parliament, and will be used regularly. It does not mean that they will come to the front of their room, not for the mention of "Pol. Gen. S." that there is something about online gambling websites, it must be investigated by the National Police to investigate the facts. Because it's a matter of mention, I don't know how true it is. He couldn't answer. A list of police officers under the NCPO in charge of macau 888 cases is also involved. As for the case, which has been reported as progressing, it is believed to be hierarchical oversight. No problem, because we're doing our best in every case. In the case of Inspector Sua, the police are still investigating. HE BELIEVES THAT PROGRESS WILL SOON BE MADE AND THAT FURTHER CLARIFICATIONS WILL BE MADE TO THE MEDIA.
Detained "Nim", detained, informed of 3 serious charges, ready to perform the opening ceremony to meet "Nong Continued"|Police throttle exam "soft" 6 He pleaded guilty to 3 serious charges before being detained at the Central Juvenile and Family Court in Nakhon Pathom province. While the police organized an underwater operation to continue searching for the body of the younger brother, the "Buddhist father" took revenge very softly, was a liar, asked to receive karma, causing everyone to waste time at 09.00 am. February 27, 2023 at Bangluang Police Station Banglen, Nakhon Pathom Province, Pol. Maj. Gen. Boonyarit survived. Deputy Chief Of Staff 7 Maj. Gen. Uthai Kavindechathorn P.O. Box 7 Maj. Gen. Chakkrit Sundarvanich Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Pallop Suriyakul Na Ayutthaya, Deputy Chief of Staff, Nakhon Pathom Province Lt. Col. Natpisit Rattanaudompol, 1st Lt. Col. 7th Army Corps Maj. Gen. Panutat Yellowsajakkul, Ph.D. Lt. Col. Suthee Wannasutra, Director, Bang Luang Police Department, Nakhon Pathom Province Provincial Prosecutor, Nakhon Pathom Multidisciplinary Forensic Division 7, Social Development and Human Security Officer, Nakhon Pathom Province Nakhon Pathom Provincial Justice Office, female police officers, Kamphaeng Saen police officers jointly took the exam. Miss PILAIPORN KACHAROEN 17 years old or soft His mother, who has been missing since Feb. 5, is the accused. It took more than 6 hours. Revealed that, in the case of soft, The police charged him with three counts: 1. negligence causing death to others; 2. Conceal and disguise the corpse 3. Report false information to the staff before Lt. Col. Jirachot Savikan. The investigating officer, Bang Luang Police, detained Nim. He was taken to the Juvenile and Family Court in Nakhon Pathom province. 58 years old FOLLOWED BY SPONSORED REPORTER THAT TOMORROW, FEB. 28, 2023, LT. GEN. THANAYUTHWUT JARASTHAMRONG. P.W.7 will come to the press conference with details of the case again. Mr. Subin Saeng, 67, Mr. Buddha's father, said he did not believe Nim's confession that he dumped his child by the canal. If you really throw it away, then someone must have found the body, and again, Nim is a liar, slapstick, unreliable. He still believes his grandchildren are alive, but he doesn't know where he is," Nim said, causing a lot of chaos among the villagers and officials with false testimony. Everyone wasted more than 20 days searching for it, and sometimes I listened and felt angry. Why not tell the truth, or if you drop your child and die, why throw it away? Why not keep it for the ceremony? If it is true, as the confession is, the father is very angry, because there is no consciousness at all. If you drop your child and you die, but you can't throw it away like this, you can forgive it. Because it's already happened. But I don't know where I put my grandchildren. If you give it to anyone, you want it back. If I can't feed it, I'll feed it myself. My only grandchild can raise me." Mr. Subin said Buddha's father said that now he doesn't want to say anything to Nim and asks to receive karma as he did because he doesn't know how to help. In the future, if you want to get back together with your child, no matter what kind of love you have, your father can accept Ms. Sukanya Satnako. Head of Justice and Legal Affairs The Office of Justice of Nakhon Pathom province came to bangluang police station. He also revealed that the role of the Nakhon Pathom Provincial Justice Office has the Compensation for Victims Act. Expenses and remuneration to defendants in criminal cases This case means that everyone in Thailand, whether Thai or foreign. If attacked, killed. The Compensation Act will take care of the heirs who remain, but in the case of Nim, it is necessary to see the outcome of the case first. There is a justice fund on the use of lawyers to assist with cases, which people request, whether it is legal battles or knowledge of both criminal and civil laws, at no cost. Master J arrives at the River Tha China. At 8:00 a.m., near the spot where she disappeared. The ceremony opened the way to ask to meet the younger brother by lighting 4 incense sticks 4 times and extinguishing together with the local villagers. Come to the opening ceremony, ask the sacred things to inspire the staff to bring a backhoe. Let's dig up the pilot and clear the debris hyacinth from the area so that you can find your body. Water area THE SPOT WHERE MS. NIM CLAIMED TO HAVE LEFT HER IN THIS AREA WAS SPONSORED BY POLICE OFFICERS IN SPECIAL WATER OPERATIONS AND UNDERWATER OPERATIONS. Suksala Nukroh Foundation Nakornpathom Volunteer Suksala Nukroh Foundation Mobilize Continue searching for younger siblings An 8-month-old boy was left behind by his mother, Nim, according to a confession. It flows into the Tha China River. After the morning, use a backhoe. The area was last cleared at 6 p.m. at the Central Juvenile and Family Court in Nakhon Pathom Province. Bail is allowed in the amount of 10,000 baht but must be in the care of the parents.
Bounce 5 Tigers, Klongton Police Station, Sen caught gambling "Director of The Lodge" survived, took a leave of absence. TCE|Poison bet "Commander No.5" down the bouncing sword 5 tigers, Klongton Police Station ordered to enter the group. Set up a fact-checking committee. Meanwhile, the "director of the lodge" survived due to government assistance and left abroad on February 27, 2023. The Director-General of The 5th Army has signed Order No. 39/2023 on the appointment of a fact-checking committee with social media. On February 26, 2023, it was reported that "Police raided in the middle of the night, destroyed a casino in Khlong Tan district, arrested 48 gamblers and cashed another 50 thousand." Around 21 a.m., police officers responded to the scene. Klongton Police Department and BOC jointly arrested for gambling and taking property The incident occurred on the 1st and 2nd floors of an unknown house on Soi Phatthanakan 54, Suan Luang Subdistrict. When the arresting officers went to the scene. A total of 47 suspects were found, 18 of whom were arrested on the 1st floor and 4 of them were charged with "conspiracy to commit gambling (skewered cards). According to Criminal Case No. 122/2023 and 2nd class, 24 persons with 8 items were charged with "jointly gambling (pok bouncing cards). According to Criminal Case No. 127/2023"SPONSORED, therefore, in order to obtain the facts of the incident, the police officer in charge of the area in the prevention of the abyss was arrested. Impaired, ignored, ignored in investigations, suppressed, arrested, performed the duties of effectively preventing and suppressing offenses related to bias. Be involved in illegal sources of misconduct. Is it called, received, or has an interest related to such a bias? Therefore, a fact-checking committee was appointed. It consists of the following people: Col. Mongkol Nantajit is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Director (Investigation) The investigation group, 5 police officers, and 3 officers, will be assigned to the committee to investigate the facts. Conduct a hearing on the matter as to whether there is any basis for disciplinary action. The report of the investigation shall be submitted for further consideration while the report also states that the 5th Director signed the order. B.C.No.40/2566 Re: Police officers to perform their duties and act on their behalf in accordance with The Royal Thai Army Order No.5 No.38/2566 dated February 27 re: Appointment of a fact-checking committee In such cases, in order for the investigation to be completed, relying on the authority under Section 105 (3) of the Royal Thai Police Act B.E. 2565 (2022) and the Royal Thai Police Regulations on ordering police officers to perform transactions within the Royal Thai Police B.E. 2563, Clause 6 (26) and Article 8 (3), the Police Commissioner shall act on his behalf and act on his behalf. Within the 5th Army Headquarters as follows: The Police Commissioner of Klongton Police Station shall go to the Operation Center of the Metropolitan Police Division 5 (S.E.P.N.5) until the order is changed. Deputy Superintendent of Police, Klongton Police Department Acting Director, Klongton Police Department, Lt. Col. Prasert Chansorn, Deputy Director, Klongton Police Department, Lt. Col. Thanakorn Ngamyen Deputy Director, Klongton Police Department, Lt. Col. Jagret Uppatham, Senator, Klongton Police Station, Lt. Col. Chatchai Damraskarn The Police Commissioner has appointed a police commissioner to serve as his successor. As follows: Lt. Col. Thaweesub Deputy Chief of Staff 5 Acting as Deputy Director, Klongton Police Department, Lt. Col. Chakrawut Red Carpet Klongton Police Station Acting Deputy Chief of Staff, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Acting as Deputy Director of The Klongton Police Department. From now on, or until the order is changed. In the absence of an order. Lt. Col. Vajirakorn Wongboon, director of the Klongton Police Department, assisted the government at S.P.P.5 because he was on vacation to travel abroad. Therefore, it is not relevant to such cases.
"Big" arrest warrant Benz Damon brother with girlfriend "Macau 888"|The court approved the arrest warrant for "Big". Benz Damon's brother and 7 others were charged with two counts of "solicitation of gambling and money laundering". One of them is "Fern Phulada", a former Duchy Girl and movie heroine who is also Big's boyfriend. Meanwhile, "geniuses" hang vinyl signs in front of the Royal Thai Police Headquarters, unfolding a list of 16 police officers involved in online gambling. More than 70 percent of gambling networks in Thailand have a past. The police officer in charge of the operation "Nari Destroyer" became a long movie, after the famous actress Dew Arisara Thongnoen posted about "4. One of them is an ex-girlfriend who was involved in the online gambling website "Macau 888" due to being threatened by the male side and having been assaulted until he was physically and mentally injured. Police later arrested Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn, 37, or "Benz Damon", the actress's ex-boyfriend, before extending the results. At 11:00 a.m. on Feb. 27, Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Macau 888 said today that the investigators responsible for the case presented evidence to the Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Road to request for the authority to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Kittipong or Big Khajonboonthavorn. The 3rd brother of the 4B family and 7 of them are charged with "jointly organizing the play or performing trickery, helping to advertise, or directly or indirectly soliciting others to play or gamble in the play, which is not authorized by the authorities, and jointly laundering money." President of Crime Victims Assistance Club Karma brought evidence of vinyl nameplates claiming to be a list of police officers involved in online gambling sites. From the level of former national police commander to lieutenant police officer. This is in accordance with the police department's policy, if the evidence reaches anyone, whether it is the police or who it is, everyone must be prosecuted. There is a list of police. A total of 6 police officers personally believed that the picture that Mr. Smart showed was of all the police. On the part of the B.C.C. It must already be checked and reported. Not sure how some of the listings came up. If there is a link, it must be taken decisively, later the Criminal Court approves the arrest warrant for Mr. Kittipong or Big Khajonboonthavorn, 32 years old. 61-year-old Ms. Phulada Luechatham, 32-year-old Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek, 31-year-old Ms. Sirilak Iam Yai, 25-year-old Mr. Somsit Thanomawat, 30-year-old and Ms. Thanatha Saensuk, 39, according to criminal court arrest warrant No. 564-570/2566 dated February 27, for the offense of "jointly organizing a play or making a trick, helping to advertise or directly or indirectly solicit others to play or gamble in playing which is not authorized by the authorities and jointly laundering money". The POLICE has submitted evidence of an investigation that found that all 7 people were involved in the online gambling site network "Macau 888" in the case of Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek, who was in charge of the luxury car tent and luxury garage for Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn, or "Benz Damon". Mr. Kittipong's eldest brother, or Big. Ms. Phulada or Fern. Luechatham is an actress. The 2009 duchy girl was the heroine of the film "Do-Nat" alongside Nag Charlie Trairat, now Mr Big's girlfriend, and was involved in the movement at the Royal Thai Police. Late the same day Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong President of Crime Victims Assistance Club Take a vinyl nameplate listing the police who are involved with online gambling sites. 16 of the 16 people who claimed to have more than 100 were present to the media. Mr. Smart claimed that more than 70 percent of the gambling network in Thailand is overseen by Police General S.S. Tiger. Many of the police officers took over, including Inspector Sua and the 4 brothers of the B. family, the Central Bureau of Investigation did not dare to prosecute these people because it affected another 200-300 police officers. He has proof of financial trail and juristic person registration documents of football clubs in the northern area. This includes photographs of individuals involved in the online gambling business linked to various networks to confirm that the football club has several police officers and the owner of the online gambling website as the board of directors. "These financial routes are linked to at least 1,000 million baht of high-ranking police officers, all evidence has been submitted to the BOC, including 17 websites, with a turnover of more than 100 billion baht. Police are investigating two cases: the case of the famous actress's boyfriend and the case of her ex-son. 2nd Lieutenant Inspector Sua's case is under the responsibility of the Director General. He also has evidence at P.W.1. Get involved with online gambling websites, especially Pathum Thani province, there is a "diamond sword" in front of the room. The Director-General oversees the collection of 80,000 baht per month from gambling websites, claiming to be used as expenses for the media. In the case of the BOC raiding the gambling house at Klongton Police Station on the night of February 26, it is believed that it is a revenge because it has previously given the green light to open a gambling house in the metropolitan area. KNOWING THAT HE WOULD DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION, HE IMMEDIATELY TOOK ACTION," SAID MR. WISE, WHO SAID HE HAD RECEIVED INFORMATION FROM THE POLICE CHIEF. Command Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, National Police Check the facts Because it is an accusation against the authorities, there are some pseudonyms, some real names, will act quickly. As for the permanent position. The Office of the Director has a variety of positions. The person referred to today serves as A.P.C. on the 20th floor. The Director of the Office of the Chief of Police is responsible for coordinating some of the parliamentary liaisons, will be used regularly or in the office of the Chief Of Police, not meaning that they will be in front of their rooms. The national police must investigate the facts. Because it's a matter of mention, I don't know how true it is. He couldn't go back. As for the list of police officers under the NCPO who are also involved in the Macau 888 case, it has been reported that progress has been made. No problem, because I'm doing my best in every case. Inspector Sua's case is being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation, and he believes that progress will be made soon and will be clarified to the media.
8-point search in Ayutthaya expands arrest of 295 kilograms of meth network to the south|Police launch blockade to search drug networks 8 points in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province arrested 1 suspect in the drug transport network at 06.00 a.m. on February 28, 2023. The Director general of the MINISTRY, along with Maj. Gen. Komsit Rangsai P.O.S.3. Lt. Col. Tiwapong Phuto, Ph.D. 2.P.S.3 Lead forces to launch a blockade to search drug networks. 8 spots in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya  Important points to check at the store Shaiwat Everything 20 No. 46/7 Moo 5 A.Phachi Rasom, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Ready to arrest Mr. Chaiwat Liangwong According to arrest warrant No. 623/2565 dated 30 September 2022, this arrest was due to the extension of the arrest of the network carrying 295 kilograms of ice medicine to the south. The NCPO intercepted it in Phatthalung province before expanding the results until it was found that Mr. Chaiwat HE WAS INVOLVED IN THE DRUG SYNDICATE AND EVEN ASKED THE COURT TO ISSUE AN ARREST WARRANT, LEADING TO THE ARREST BY 10:30 A.M. Sarasin, deputy director of the police department, as director of the PSC, along with Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai, the head of the PSC, will continue to announce the results of the operation.
Buddhist sisters don't believe softly, throw "brother to continue" into the water. If it's true—so far, you've found it.|Aunt Bear Buddhist sisters don't believe "soft" throws their sisters into the Tha China River. If this were true, it would have been found because the divers had gone down several times and hadn't even found his clothes. Dr. Cho per (pseudonym) or Younger Per 8 month old son Miss Nim (pseudonym) was 17 years old at 8.30 pm on February 27, 2023. 10 teams worked together to find Munithisuksala Nukroh Nakhon Pathom Dragon Rescue Chonburi. Khun Rattanawut Foundation, Kanchanaburi Province, Ruamjai Charitable Foundation, Ratchaburi Province, Nakhon Pathom Disaster Response Team Benjatham Foundation Pitakkan Foundation, Kanchanaburi Samut Sakhon Charitable Foundation Beer Rescue Team (Ayutthaya Rescue) with illumination, divided into 4 shones A B C D. When the officers went into the water, they met a child pampers submerged in the water, which is similar in size to the younger generation. The officers then went to investigate the search and will continue to search for him. This will be the last time the authorities search the waterway, as they have been searched several times in the past, but have not been able to find her, and have cancelled the mission at 10.30 pm. SPONSORED for Aunt Bear. Buddhism's sister came to see the divers who were trying to get their sisters this time. Aunt Bear revealed that she still thinks she is still lying. If you had actually left your body in the river, you would have found it because the divers had gone down several times and couldn't find even your clothes.
Cyber police help hunt down 16 million call center gangs converted to digital money|Young businessman Cyber police call for help find the culprit after being attacked by a call center gang An official of the Department of Internal Trade seized 16 million baht and found transaction data spread over 20 horse accounts before ending up at a company that opened its face and transferred it to cryptocurrency, the reporter reported yesterday, February 27, 2023, at the Police Bureau of Investigation of Technological Crimes (CBI). Mr. Watchara Srisocharoenchai, 40, a businessman who was the victim of a call center gang. Claiming to be an official of the Department of Internal Trade, he scammed 16 million baht out of his joint account. Bring evidence to the meeting. Lieutenant Colonel Nitiwit Sattanachaipat, Deputy Senator (Investigation) Kg.4, S.O.T.2, to interrogate and gather evidence to track down the group of persons who participated in the procession and the financial route that was sucked out of the accounts to the horse accounts of the call center gangs. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. The director general said he had assigned Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayon 2nd Lieutenant The matter has been dealt with and is ready for investigation. Thoroughly interrogate the victim. Initially, the victim was called by the culprit. Claiming to be an official of the Department of Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce, persuaded the victim to update his information, and then sent a fake link of the Department of Business of Commerce (DBD) to the victim to fill in his personal information. After the victim is convinced, fill in the information, press confirm. Within a period of 10 minutes, the victim's money was withdrawn from scb bank account a total of 9 times, totaling 15.8 million baht. The mob then dispersed to more than 20 row 1 to 5 accounts before ending up at a company that opened its doors and transferring it to cryptocurrency. However, it has ordered that the persons concerned who found links in the matter be summoned for further interrogation. Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, spokesperson for the MINISTRY He said in a warning post that the public continues to be believed to be victims of fraudsters, appearing on social media. In the case of the victim claiming to be an official of the Ministry of Commerce, the victim installs the agency's application to update the juristic person information and financial statements of the victim's company. Even causing money to be transferred out of the account several times, losing millions of baht, therefore, we would like to inform the public about the following preventive measures to avoid becoming victims of fraudsters1. Do not press any links attached to short messages (SMS) or press the install link, especially .apk files, as this may be a data interception or embedding of fraudsters' malware.2. Do not install programs or applications sent by others, even if they are known programs or applications, because they may be fake applications, which must be installed only from trusted and official sources, such as the App Store and Play Store.3.
Court sentences former confidant Wanrat to 10 years in prison Withdrawal of temple funds, damage of 80 million|Criminal Court sentenced to 10 years in prison for fraud and deceit Use fake documents Withdrew money transfer from Wat Vajirathammaram account twice, damaged 80 million baht, and ordered to return the money to Wat Vajiratham at 09.30 a.m. on February 28, 2023 in Room 906, Criminal Court. Ratchadapisek Rd. The court is scheduled to hear the verdict. Case Number Black A.1117/2565 filed by the prosecutor and acting abbot of Vajirathammaram Temple. Mr. Apirat or Noey Chayangkul Na Ayutthaya, 40 years old, a former confidant of Princess Wanrat, is the defendant for fraud. Forgery of documents and use of forged documents caused damage to Wat Vajiratham and branch temples in Bangkok and upcountry, and the defendant was compensated. In black case No. 1777/2565, the defendant denied and the defendant was locked up throughout this case, the plaintiff sued and brought the case that Princess Wanrat was the former abbot of Wat Bowon and the acting abbot of Wat Vajirathammaram Apath was hospitalized during 2021-2022. To spend on the construction of Wat Vajirathammaram (the project to build the consecration of King Bhumibol Adulyadej Rama IX and Her Majesty Queen Sirikit) and other projects, Phra Wanrat is the sole authority to withdraw funds in several accounts, such as Kasikorn Bank, Banglumpoo branch. The purpose of depositing money to remove interest Until the money increased to 80.1 million baht, the defendant was a close disciple, knowing that the money was not the personal property of Phra Wanrat, but belonged to Wat Vajiratham. When the bank officer called to inquire about Phra Wanrat, he did not receive the call because the defendant had to mute the sound and put the phone far away, which the defendant transferred 50 million baht to his own deposit account. The defendant used the fraudulent money to buy benley and expensive luxury cars and book and order beautiful license plate numbers and expensive bags. A total of 324 credit card debts were paid, and Phra Wanrat later learned about the transfer of the temple money to the defendant's account. He then asked the defendant, to which the defendant replied that the money was transferred wrongly. Phra Wanrat then reprimanded the defendant and told him to transfer the money back, but the defendant did not transfer it. The defendant committed similar acts against Wat Bowon. Wat Rattanawararam in several accounts, therefore, asked for the punishment of the defendant and returned the amount of 80 million baht. Mr. Apirat, the defendant, came from the prison and had relatives of the temple students to attend the court hearing and found that the defendant had fraudulent intentions to deceive Princess Wanrat. On January 29, 2021, the defendant withdrew 50 million baht. The bank officials believed that the withdrawal slip was the original document. Thereafter, on January 6, 2022, the defendant also transferred 30 million baht to the defendant's personal account in violation. Therefore, from the behavior, it can be seen that the defendant intended to deceive for his own benefit by dishonestly from the beginning and concealed the facts. The defendant's actions were therefore guilty of fraud. Forging documents and using forged documents, which is a single offense, violates several laws, therefore, the punishment for using forged documents, which is the heaviest penalty, determines that the defendant is guilty under Sections 265 and 268 of the Criminal Code, first paragraph. Punished for using forged rights documents in the amount of 2 krathongs, imprisonment for 5 years each, including 10 years imprisonment, and the defendant returned 80 million baht with interest to Wat Vajiratham.
Ito cuts the throat of a big Finnish man. Thai girlfriend taken for examination The body was first found.|A Finnish man was found dead in his bed, his throat cut off by a knife. The girlfriend revealed. The deceased liked to think a lot. There is a problem with the way home. The police took him in for questioning to determine the root cause. After neighbors gave information about frequent quarrels at 08.30 on February 28, 2023, Lt. Col. Phaiboon Laohanawat The Inspector investigated. Sattahip police were informed that a foreigner had died in the bedroom of house no. 159/17 Moo 9. Bangsaray Sattahip district, Chonburi province, after receiving the notification, went to check with Lt. Col. Panya Damlek, Sattahip Police Chief, Lt. Col. Suvijak Ruangnawamdee, Deputy Director of Sattahip Police Station, 2 Chonburi Forensic Center officers, investigators and Sawang Rojanatham Foundation Rescue Team, the accident site is a single-storey house. On the bed inside the bedroom, the body of MR. KARJALAINEN MARKKU TAPANI, 57, a Finnish national, was found. In a naked state, wearing only pants. In the neck area, a sharp weapon was found slashing the throat until the trachea was torn. Nearby, a kitchen Ito knife was found. 1 book placed on the chest of the deceased by Mrs. Aranya Srisaeng The deceased's girlfriend, 49, was sitting crying at the scene. Mrs. Aranya Srisaeng The deceased's girlfriend, 49 years old, was known to have been in a relationship with the deceased for about 5 years without marriage registration. The deceased flew home to Finland. About 2 years and just flew in from abroad about 9 months before buying this house. After flying back for about a week, he woke up at about 5 a.m. this morning to go to the bathroom, took his dog out to excrete normally, before waking his grandchildren to go to school around 6 a.m. Before he came into the house to sit on the phone, before 7 a.m., we went out to send our grandchildren to school.  Before leaving, we forgot to say that we would visit the temple so that we could come to the 100-day merit making ceremony, "You like to think a lot when we are gone for a long time, we came home and saw you were quiet, I thought you were asleep, I opened the door to the bedroom to go to the bathroom, I saw blood dripping on the door, I thought that you shaved and bleed, so we went to look on the bed, found that you were pale, had a knife on your neck, and you have thought about suicide many times because of problems at home abroad." Mrs. Aranya said inaugurated. The police officers were taken into custody. Mrs. Aranya Srisaeng 49-year-old deceased's girlfriend to be interrogated After visiting the deceased first, he was asked to find out the exact cause of death. Before sending the body of the deceased to the Forensic Institute of Bangkok Police Hospital, however, from inquiring neighbors, it was learned that the deceased and his girlfriend had frequent quarrels. To find out the exact cause of death further.
P.S. Launched the "Intarachit Prangsorn" plan, wading through 20 points, breaking down 3 networks of overgrown vehicles.|Police launched operation "Intarachit Prangsorn" to search 20 nationwide Clear some 3 networks of overgrown vehicles, seize assets totaling more than 100 million baht. Four key suspects were arrested at 10.30am on February 28, 2023 at House No. 46/7 Moo 5. T.Rasom A.Phachi, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Maj. Gen. Chinpat Sarasin, Deputy Chief of Police, with Lt. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanpokhai Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Komsit Rangsai P.O.S.3 Mr. Niwat Rungsakorn Governor of Ayutthaya Ayutthaya Provincial Police Officer P.P.S. Region 1 officials jointly announce the results of operation "Intarachit Prangsorn" The force searched 20 targeted areas in the northern and central regions to clear and arrest three major drug trafficking networks, arresting four key suspects and seizing assets derived from drug trafficking totaling more than 100 million baht. Gen. Chinpat said he had ordered an investigation into drug trafficking networks at all levels. To break the cycle of drug smuggling, including arresting and expanding the seizure of relevant networks and intercepting drug shipments from neighboring countries. This includes preventing smuggling to third countries. The first network was the Hoy Tamil network, where police had previously arrested three drug traffickers for 7,000,000 methamphetamine pills in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province and several nearby areas, and seized 11 million baht in assets. Before expanding the results, three commanders in the northern region seized another 35 million baht in assets. They then gathered evidence and issued arrest warrants for four other individuals in the network, two northern commanders and two drug dealers in the central region. Pol. Gen. Chinpat said that the second network, the logistics truck network, had previously arrested one employee of a shipping company in the northern region with 2,000,000 methamphetamine pills at a drug checkpoint in Lampang province. He then gathered evidence and asked the court to issue arrest warrants for three other persons in the network, namely one commander and one person who delivered drugs to the accused in the area. The third network, Nong Talo Network, had previously arrested 3 drug traffickers with 279 kilograms of ice in Phatthalung province before expanding the arrest warrants for 2 more persons, namely the commander and the person responsible for delivering drugs to the accused. Pol Lt Gen Sarayut said the 3rd Army police had gathered evidence and asked the court to issue arrest warrants for the three accused. Nine arrest warrants were then mobilized to launch a blockade operation to search 20 areas in Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Tak, Saraburi and Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. To arrest the person under the said warrant and to monitor the seizure of the property obtained from the offense. primary Four persons were arrested and seized assets expected to be involved in drug trafficking, including cash, cars, vans, tractors, buses, motorcycles, land and buildings, and land title deeds, totaling 60 items worth approximately 100 million baht. Reporters reported that after the press conference, Gen. Chinpat also interrogated Chaiwat Liangwong. The 46-year-old accused under arrest warrant No. 623/2565 dated 30 September 2022, one of the nongtalo drug networks who was arrested earlier this morning in person. From debriefing Initially, Mr. Chaiwat continued to give denials. It claims not to be involved in the drug movement. In the case of a large amount of cash found inside the house. He claimed that the money he had collected was prepared to be used for the ordination of his son, but the authorities still did not believe it. Continue with the legal process.  Investigators learned that more than 20 motor vehicles were found to be believed to have been used for drug trafficking. THE CASH BANK 500-100-20 BAHT IS A RETAIL DRUG DISTRIBUTION.
"5 Tigers, Buppharam Police Station", police raided the Sic Bo market.|Bounce 5 Tigers P.O.N.8 Sign an order to go to the government office at The 8th Army By leaving the same position Until the order is changed. Phaya Mai Market-Send 45 gamblers and dealers sued the Thonburi District Court for the case in the early evening of February 27. Lt. Col. Teerasak Chandrapipat, Director of the DOD, along with Lt. Col. Piyarat Wessakosol, Lt. Col. Worapraj Wutthirak, Lt. Col. Marodm Kwanmuang Deputy Commissioner of Police and Lt. Col. Chakri Nariphol, Deputy Commissioner of Police The 1st operation team searched an unoccupied shophouse within phayamai market community. Kwang Somdet Chao Phraya Khlong San District, Bangkok, after investigating that it was opened as a Sic Bo gambling pit. The police arrested 45 male and female suspects with 29,220 baht in cash, 17,000 baht in cash chips, 9 dice, 1 set of cups with lids (playing equipment) and 1 set of Sic Bo rules signs. A 34-year-old nonthaburi resident of Nonthaburi province, one of the accused in this case, is accused of arranging to gamble Sic Bo, therefore, he was charged with arranging gambling (Sic Bo), taking property without permission and being a bookmaker serving and jointly smuggling gambling (Sic Bo). Gambling on property without permission The other 44 accused were charged with conspiracy to commit gambling (Sic Bo) and taking property without permission, and all 45 were detained in vans and pickup trucks. The case was taken to the Thonburi District Court for further legal proceedings. Maj. Gen. Manop Sukonthanapat THE DIRECTOR GENERAL OF POLICE NO.8 SIGNED ORDER NO.8 NO.52/2566 ON THE SUBJECT OF POLICE OFFICERS TO PERFORM THEIR DUTIES AND TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE SPONSORED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ORDER NO.8 NO.51/2566 DATED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 ON THE APPOINTMENT OF A FACT-CHECKING COMMITTEE. Police officers of the Child and Women's Welfare Division (KGDS) arrested a total of 45 suspects for gambling and taking property. The incident occurred in an unknown shophouse in Phaya Mai Market Community, Somdet Chao Phraya Subdistrict. Khlong San District, Bangkok Report the allegations of "jointly gambling (Sic Bo) gambling on property without permission" according to Criminal Case No. 41/2566 to the police commissioner to perform official duties and act on his behalf. Within the subordinate B.C.No.8 as follows: The police officers of Buppharam Police Station shall go to the Operation Center of the Metropolitan Police Division 8 (S.E.P.N.8) without performing their duties in the same position. To perform the duties assigned by The 8th Army Until the order is changed. Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Buppharam Police Station Acting Superintendent of Police, Lt. Col. S.S. Bua Nong Deputy Director, Buppharam Police Station, Lt. Col. Susiriwong Yodwong, Deputy Director, Buppharam Police Department, Lt. Col. Atikant Chaithongdee, Deputy Director, Buppharam Police Department Lt. Col. Anuwat Jaisit, a member of the Buppharam Police Department, also appointed a police commissioner to serve as his successor. Maj. Gen. Armed Udomrat, Ph.D. (Investigation) Investigation Group 8 Acting as Director of The Bupparam Police Department, Lt. Col. Thawatchai Inthasay Deputy Chief of Staff 8 Acting as Deputy Chief of Staff, Buppharam Police Department, Lt. Col. Weerapat Sukchai Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Buppharam Police Station Acting Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Investigation Supervisor, Buppharam Police Station, Lt. Col. Seksan Pathesang Buppharam Police Station Acting as Deputy Chief of Police Lt. Col. Pichet Khanngern Senate Bill 8 Acting as Senator of Buppharam Police Station from now on or until the order is changed, in the case of Pol. Col. Rattanaklao Ananukarn, Director of Buppharam Police Station, is undergoing training on investigation work at the Institute for the Promotion of Investigation, Royal Thai Police Office (NPA) for 5 days, so it is not related to such case.
The court sentenced the banker to 2 months in jail without parole, and fined 1 thousand.|Thonburi District Court sentences dealer to 2 months in jail without parole The player was fined thousands on February 28, 2023 at the Thonburi District Court. The prosecutor of the Office of The Prosecution brought Mr. Progressive. Beauty Glass 34 years old, Nonthaburi One Sic Bo bookmaker and 44 gamblers filed a lawsuit. The offences include speeding up gambling (Sic Bo) taking property without permission, while Mr. Progressive was charged with organizing illegal gambling (Sic Bo) to take property without permission and being a bookmaker and jointly smuggling gambling (Sic Bo). The defendant filed a verbal complaint with the district court in which all the defendants pleaded guilty. The court sentenced him to imprisonment. Mr. Progressive pleaded guilty to 4 months and reduced to 2 without parole. The other 44 gambling defendants were fined 1,000 baht each, and Mr. Progressive applied for bail of 150,000 baht in securities, the court said. Lt. Col. Teerasak Chandrapipat, Lt. Col. Piyarat Wessakosol, Lt. Col. Worapraj Wutthirak, Lt. Col. Mrodm Kwanmuang Deputy Chief of Police, Lt. Col. Chakri Nariphol, 1st Lt. Col. Chakri Nariphol, and 1st Lt. Col. Chakri Nariphol were arrested. Mr. Progressive Kaewngam with medium cash 29,220 baht, chip 17,000 baht (instead of cash), 9 dice, 1 set of cups with lid (playing equipment), 1 set of Sic Bo rules, Sic Bo plan 1 set at an unknown shophouse within Phaya Mai Market Community, Somdet Chao Phraya Subdistrict. Khlong San District, Bangkok, with a total of 45 gamblers. Buppharam Police Station.
Drug cartels carrying methamphetamine and marijuana Across the Mekong river, one week caught 10 million tablets.|Nakhon Phanom police seized more than 42,000 tablets of low-grade methamphetamine mixed with pesticides, sold at 5 baht each, and seized more than 180 kilograms of grade A marijuana. Use fishing boats to transport "Mr. Narakha". Ordered to increase strict measures to keep an eye on border areas. Much more fear came as the election to change the government was held on February 28, 2023, when the Mekong River Peacekeeping Force (NARK) was formed. Nakhon Phanom Pol. Saman Khanthapong The Director of Entrusted to Nawaek Kasidi Kluensrisuk Director, Nakhon Phanom District, together with Navato Worapatra Sangsuwan The head of the naval station, Mr. Nakhon Phanom, together with the officers of the anti-narcotics operation unit, announced the seizure. 42,000 methamphetamine pills worth approximately 400,000 baht It was found to be methamphetamine with the blue Y1 symbol on the package. On the northern border It has the letter WY in amphetamine tablets, and it is a low-grade methamphetamine that mixes insecticidal agents instead of amphetamines to reduce costs. It is spilling into the Isaan area to market to youth groups and laborers. There are about 5-10 baht per tablet that have been seized in the Northeast over the past week, with nearly 10 million tablets seized. There was also a seizure of marijuana pellets. 180 kilograms of high-grade cannabis packed with inflorescences wrapped in gold foil with a purchase price of 5,000-10,000 baht per kilogram, mostly smuggled from neighboring countries, Lao PDR, before passing through the Thai border into the Northeast, smuggling into the inner provinces as a passageway, and finding a way to export them abroad. Bring fishing boats along the Mekong river to rest. Wait for the forward, so the seizure can be checked at the site. On the banks of the Mekong River B.Khamtao T.Khamtao The perpetrators fled in time. However, the authorities Will coordinate all security agencies. Soldiers, police, government, and local community leaders are monitoring the news. Increased patrols along the border due to drug smuggling in border areas. Isaan, including Nakhon Phanom province, believes that transnational drug trafficking is a convoy. They are taking advantage of smuggling during political change and elections to sell to big capitalists.
Big 4 Girlfriend Escapes After linking Macau 888 sq.m., prepare to issue a red notice for the hunt.|Cyber Deadline 7, accused of gambling macau 888 for 3 days if they do not surrender, will send a chase kit and announce to the Foreign Affairs Division to approve the red notice, while Big and his girlfriend fled the country at 2 p.m. on February 28, 2023. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Revealing the progress in the Macau 888 case, after the office issued arrest warrants for 7 more suspects in the Macau 888 case, it said that it had ordered the investigation team to go to the area to arrest the 7 accused. Mr. Kittipong Khajonboonthavorn, 32, or Mr. Big, Ms. Phulada Luechatham, 32, Mr. Big's girlfriend, fled abroad on Jan. 16. The actress posted the story on Jan. 16, 2022, and Ms. Sirilak Iam Yai, 25, and Mr. Somsit Thanomwat, 30, who were also arrested earlier. The three victims, including Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek, 31, Mr. Wallapa Kanjanapapakul, 61, and Ms. Thanattha Saensuk, 39, are believed to have fled the country. If within 2-3 days, all 7 cases have not been coordinated. The officials will write to the Foreign Affairs Division to approve the red notice, which they believe will be completed in time, but they will have to wait for the interrogation of the key witness, Mr. Dew Arisara Thongsan, who will return on March 16. In the case of Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong, President of Crime Victims Assistance Club It has taken evidence of vinyl plaques claiming to be lists of police officers involved in online gambling, ranging from former national police commanders to police lieutenants and police officers. Get involved with online gambling sites Lt. Gen. Worawat said that as the commanding officer, The National Police Commissioner has given a list of names to the police to carry out the investigation according to the procedure. Whoever is wrong is wrong, it is better for the police inspector, who is the central unit to investigate, so that the police officers do not investigate technological crimes. HELPING THE POLICE OFFICERS IS LIKE SWEEPING THE HOUSE.
"Oops, Buddha Blaise." Report catching gambling websites, secretly editing promotional clips, knowing the horse account.|"Oui Buddha Blaise" reports to Thonglor Police Department after the clip was edited to promote on online gambling websites. Initially, the charges against the "Computer Crime Act" revealed the name of the "horse account" and are preparing to go to the police again today due to the problem of online gambling websites that are currently in the news, leading to the breakup of major web networks and the arrest of several people involved in the Facebook account of Mr. Natee Ekvijit or Oui Buddhabels. The famous singer and songwriter posted a video clip that was taken by an online gambling site. The clip on "Talk to Oui" EP.28, which features a guest as "Coach Khiang Ekkapop", was edited to be promoted on online gambling websites by Mr. Natee. Thonglor Police Station In connection with the Computer Crime Act Import false information because the gambling website has edited clips to be used to promote the website. However, the police have already provided evidence of the name and surname of the horse account and the authorities may issue a summons to the account holder to testify, including at 6:00 p.m. on March 1. Oui Buddhabless posted a picture of him on the Facebook page. Thonglor Police Station
The police waited to interrogate the girl friend. In the case of Brother Cherprang, a member of BNK48, he died.|The police of Samrae Police Station are waiting for the girl's friend to relieve her grief. To investigate the root cause. In the case of Mr. Chan Arikul, 19 years old, the brother of Ms. Cherprang Arikul, or "Cherprang BNK48 Class 1", is currently the manager of "BNK48", which fell to the 9th floor of a luxury condominium in Thonburi. Corpse condition No shirt. Initially, the police are interrogating the deceased's friend to determine the exact cause, according to the latest news release on March 1, 2023. The Police Department is the owner of the case. It was also revealed that before the incident, Mr. Chan was staying in the room. On the 9th floor of the condo, with 1 other girl, the building's legal department inspected the building's CCTV cameras, recording Mr. Chan going up to the 27th floor, which is the rooftop, before jumping down. There were no other people present at the spot, and there was no letter of resignation or traces of fighting in the room, waiting for the deceased's girl friend to relieve her grief. To investigate the root cause further.
The family is not attracted to "Chan Arikul". She was diagnosed with heart problems.|The 8-year-old said the family was not interested in the case of "Shaan". Brother Cherprang, a member of BNK48, died in the condo. The incident stemmed from a personal issue involving a love affair at 11:00 a.m. on March 1, 2023. Pm 8 revealed the progress of the case. A body was found. Mr. Chan Arikul, 19 years old, a former national youth bowling player and the biological brother of Ms. Cherprang Arikul or "Cherprang BNK48 Class 1", is currently the manager of "BNK48", falling from a height inside a luxury condominium in Thonburi. In the middle of the night, the investigators called the relatives of the deceased to testify and the parents had already viewed the CCTV footage of the condominium. The cause of death is not suspected, as the camera clearly recorded the footage. WHILE BEFORE THE ACCIDENT, THE DECEASED WAS NORMALLY STAYING IN A ROOM ON THE 9TH FLOOR, BUT WENT UP TO THE 27TH FLOOR AND JUMPED ON HIS OWN WITHOUT ANYONE PRESENT AT THAT TIME.
My daughter, an assistant, was almost shocked to raise her child at home, but she was summoned to sell the lottery tickets overpriced.|The daughter of the assistant chief of the house, a resident of Pakom district, Buriram province, almost shocked to raise the child at home. Suddenly received a summons from Chaiyaphruek Police Station accused of selling overpriced lotteries. No one in the family ever sold. On March 1, 2023, the reporter was informed by Mr. Virat Sandej, 51, assistant chief of the broken road house. T.Pakham Ms. Suparat Pinit, 33, her daughter, who is currently raising children at home, received a summons from Chaiyaphruek Police Station, stating that her daughter was the accused. "Jointly offer or sell government lottery tickets and have not issued prizes at a price exceeding the price specified in the government lottery." He wanted to be investigated and asked for justice because his daughter did not commit the offence for which the summons was issued because she had never sold the government lottery tickets. Upon examination, it was found that the front of the envelope on which the summons was sent stated that (used in the Royal Thai Police). sender Lt. Col. Vayu Pissari Blue Dragon Investigation Department (Chaiyaphruek Police Department) Police Club Building Laksi District, Bangkok Recipient Ms. Suparat Pinit, Pakham Subdistrict, Pakham District, Buriram Province Inside is a document with a garuda seal. Royal Thai Police Specified as a summons to the accused. Ms. Suparat Pinit to meet the investigating officer who issued the summons at the police club. Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road, Laksi District, Bangkok, accused Ms. Suparat of being the accused. "Jointly offering or selling government lottery tickets and not issuing prizes at a price exceeding the price specified in the government lottery"SPONSORED, according to the inquiry. Ms. Suparat insisted that she and her family had no one to sell government lottery tickets and that she had been raising her children at home for the past 3 years. I didn't go anywhere, but when I received the summons to be accused of selling overpriced tickets, I was shocked. When I received the 1st summons, I was still not sure if it was true or not, but when I received the 2nd summons, I took the summons to the Pakham Police Station to inquire. The police confirmed that it was a real summons, so they asked for a regular record as evidence, but the police did not let them down, but advised to go to the investigator who issued the summons because if they did not go to the police, they could be issued an arrest warrant. Confirming that he did not commit the offence for which the summons was issued, it is expected that the warrant was issued in error, or that there may be fraudsters secretly using his name, causing himself to become a goat. The assistant chief, who is Ms. Suparat's father, said her daughter had never worked in government lottery sales in any form. My daughter was always at home raising her children, so I believed something might have gone wrong. Now the family is very worried because the daughter has not done anything wrong. Instead, he was issued a summons, and he wanted the Royal Thai Police. Also check the facts while Mr. Wut Boontej The chief of the broken road said that as far as he knew, he had never seen it. Ms. Suparat, who works as a lottery salesman, wants the Royal Thai Police to investigate clearly. Because if you don't actually commit a crime and get a summons to be charged like this, it makes you Miss Suparat was damaged. It is also a waste of time to travel to Bangkok.
Issued a summons for "Pick". Brother Benz Damon Musician "Macau 888"|Cyber Police Prepare to issue a summons for "pick" Close friend "Big-Kittipong" The younger brother of "Benz Damon", who hired the song "Macau 888", came to interrogate, believing that 3 accused who are in charge of horse finance and accounting were still hiding in Thailand at 10.00 a.m. on March 1, 2023. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police The police ordered the arrest of Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek, 31, Ms. Thanatha Saensuk, 39, and Mr. Wallapa Kanjanapakul, 61, who are 3 of the 7 suspects who are linked to the Macau 888 network. It was found that large amounts of cash were laundered through a luxury car tent business in the Northeast, owned by Mr. Natakorn Kaekmek, and also laundered money through other investment transactions such as real estate and other valuable assets. The news report also stated that the Macau 888 Investigation Team is prepared to gather evidence in order for the investigators to issue a summons to "Mr. Pike", a close friend of Mr. Big. Benz's brother, Damon, comes to interrogate. The latter found a link as an intermediary in contact with Mr. Anuwat. Khamya or Gere, 27, rapper of "MC KING", coordinated the song to promote macau gambling website 888 after investigators gathered clear evidence. In case of issuing a summons to meet the investigating officer, a summons will be issued after receiving the summons, but if he does not come by the appointed date twice, he will consider issuing an arrest warrant.
"Cherprang" receives his brother's body. The police interrogated the girl friend, only knew that she was going out for a walk.|"Cherprang Arikul" Take your brother's body for a religious ceremony. While the police Samrae Police Station Interrogating a girl friend, he informed that "Chan" said that he would go for a walk, and then never came back at 10.00 a.m. on March 1, 2023 at the Forensic Medicine Building. Chulalongkorn Hospital, Thai Red Cross Society Miss Cherprang Arikul or "Cherprang BNK48 Class 1", currently the manager of the band "BNK48", along with her parents, came to receive the body. Mr. Chan (brother) To perform religious ceremonies and the initial causes, Lt. Col. Niroth Pratumkaew, Deputy Director (Investigation) Samrae police said that after checking the CCTV, around 2.30 a.m., Mr. Chan walked out of the room. Wearing elephant-patterned trousers and no shirt, he took the elevator to the 27th floor, which is the rooftop of the condo, and walked to sit on the edge of the balcony facing the condo. After about 5 minutes, the deceased decided to drop down in a back-up manner. Later, the condo staff came to find the body. The police, after investigating the girl's friend, who was with the deceased as the last person, learned that the deceased had recently had a problem with his girlfriend. For the moment of the incident The girl's friend went to the bathroom and when the deceased was not found, he left the room to search and later learned that the deceased had died. IT WAS ALSO REVEALED THAT LAST NIGHT TOGETHER WITH THE DECEASED, BUT SUDDENLY AT ABOUT 2 AM, THE DECEASED SAID THAT HE WAS GOING OUT FOR A WALK AND THEN NEVER CAME BACK, SO HE WENT OUT AND WALKED UNTIL HE REALIZED THAT THE DECEASED HAD FALLEN TO HIS DEATH, WHICH IS CONSISTENT WITH THE CCTV EVIDENCE BEFORE THE INCIDENT, WHICH SAW THE DECEASED WALKING OUT OF THE ROOM BEFORE TAKING THE ELEVATOR ALONE, WHICH WAS THE SAME CLOTHES THAT FELL TO THE DECEASED.
Catch 4 police officers of The Great Canal Gang sending cars across the country. Bring a motorcycle to a Khmer boat |Marine Corps Task Force 182 captured 7 able-bodied men and brought 6 vehicles aboard a fiber boat across Trat province to sell to Khmer. 4 out of 7 police officers were found to be affiliated with the Khlong Yai Police Department. The report was submitted to the commander for punishment on March 1, 2023, on February 27, 2023, at approximately 8:00 p.m., Marine Corps Task Force 182, Ban Haad Lek. Klong Yai Trat province with 3rd Lt. Col. Khao Lan House Customs Officer, Big Canal Sonthi is caught smuggling motorcycles across to neighboring countries without customs clearance at Ban Khlong Takhian beach. Officers were ambushed at various locations until around 10 p.m. when seven people were seen helping to unload a new Honda motorcycle. 6 cars embarked on a fiber boat equipped with a long-tail engine. The officers then showed up and arrested him. Five Thai men and two Cambodians were detained along with their motorcycles and a long-tail fiber boat. The police were sent to the police for prosecution. It was found that the accused was 4 police officers of Khlong Yai Police Station, consisting of 1. P. P. Klong Yai Perform administrative duties (taking the accused to court) 2. Senator Chatchai Tankab Position Of Group Director P. P. Klong Yai 3. Performing administrative duties Position Of Group Director P. P. Klong Yai 4. Detective Inspector Kittichai Jingjo Position Of Group Director P. P. Klong Yai Performing motorcycle patrol duties, The Khlong Yai Police Department has issued a memorandum to report to Trat Provincial Police Commander reports to supervisors by grade level for further disciplinary actionSPONSORED
Cherprang Raise your hand to thank you for all your support.|Investigators at Samrae Police Station waited for the autopsy results of Cherprang's brother before issuing documents for relatives to receive the body from forensics. It is still necessary to wait for the doctor to check the blood alcohol content again. While Cherprang Raise your hand to thank you for all your support at 11.00 a.m. on March 1, 2023 at Samrae Police Station. Lt. Col. Setthasak Yimcharoen, Deputy Chief of Staff, 8 A meeting of the investigation department was called to resolve the case of Mr. Chan Arikul, 19, a former national youth bowling player and the biological brother of Ms. Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang. Member of BNK48 Model 1, who fell from a height inside a luxury condominium in Thonburi, spent an hour before revealing that from preliminary information, the deceased had a problem with his girlfriend and decided to end his own life. Upon examination of the room on the 9th floor, it was not found that there was any person in the room during the incident and there were no other abnormalities that could have been motive for the crime. You will have to wait for the doctor to check the blood alcohol content again. Therefore, it can be determined whether before the deceased decided to take his own life there was a drunkenness or not while Capt. Wichian Simmakot Deputy Commissioner (Investigation) Samrae Police Station The owner of the case has prepared documents for relatives to report the issuance of death certificates at Khlong San District Office. The forensic doctor initially determined the cause of death was "internal organs bruised and torn due to falling from a height". In order to receive the body for charity service, according to the atmospheric tradition at the Forensic Institute of Chula Hospital, it was found that Ms. Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang, along with her mother and relatives, had come to receive the body of the deceased. To be used for charity service at Wat Rat Bamrung. PHETKASEM SOI 69SPONSORED BY MISS CHERPRANG In short, the family was not comfortable giving interviews and providing information to the media, and the funeral mass is currently not scheduled. Have to wait for the details again. It is requested that it be a matter within the family to proceed with the details of the case at Samrae Police Station. The police have taken action. Ms. Cherprang raised her hand to thank everyone for their support for the loss before relatives came to join in the hug to cheer Cherprang. The reporter was informed of the schedule of prayers and funeral rites of Mr. Chan Arikul. Sala 6 Wat Ratbumrung Petchkasem 69 Road, Laksong Subdistrict, Bang Khae District, Bangkok, Wednesday, March 1, 2023 at 4:30 p.m., Funeral Mass at 6:00 p.m., Funeral Prayer on March 2-4, 2023 at 6:00 p.m., Funeral Mass on March 5, 2023.
Call center gangs are heavily infested, pretending to be police, tricking them into transferring money and showing their innocence.|Cyber police spokesman Fraud Alert Call center gangs impersonate police officers, tricking people into transferring money in their accounts to show their innocence. Not believing - not shocked - not transferring - not giving information on March 1, 2023 Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, spokesperson of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command Call center gang fraudsters pretending to be police officers tricked the public into transferring them for inspection in order to show their innocence. At present, technological crimes have caused a lot of damage and trouble to the people. This is especially true of call center gangs, which are scammers who have a teamwork or movement model. There is a clear division of duties. Deceive the victim by using fear. In the past, there have been many forms of impersonation of government officials or shipping company officials. Inform the victim that your bank account or package sent abroad is involved in an offence or that your bank account has been frozen, owed credit cards, or involved in drug trafficking. Money laundering, lawsuits, or scams that have checked tax refunds or scammed to ask for personal information to be used for forgery in various transactions, including tricking them into installing fake applications, etc. Affiliated with a provincial police station. The victim will then add a line to the fake police station and cause the victim to fear by informing that the victim is involved in money laundering in various cases and sending pictures of the arrest of the accused. Picture of central bank account and transaction committee order document of the Office of the P.O.C. This includes sending property for inspection or other official documents such as summonses, arrest warrants with the victim's name, etc., as well as increasing credibility by using video calls to the victims. Wear a uniform as a police officer. Present a government id card and create an environment that looks like a real police station. Later, the fraudster will have the victim transfer the money contained in the account to show his innocence. To check if it is relevant or not, even the victim is convinced to transfer the money to the account prepared by the fraudster. IT CAUSED A LOT OF DAMAGE, SPONSORED GEN. PRAYUTH CHAN-OCHA. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense have given importance and concern to the dangers of scams through social media channels. This is especially true of call center scammers who have made phone calls to defraud people's property. Extensive damage to the Royal Thai Police by Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, commander of the Royal Thai Police, and Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol Deputy Commissioner of The Royal Thai Police, who is responsible for crime prevention and suppression. It has directed the authorities to expedite the crackdown and arrest the perpetrators seriously and continuously, as well as to put in place preventive measures to create awareness among the public not to be victims of past fraudsters. The Police Bureau of Investigation investigates technological crimes by Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn command. The Commissioner of Police investigating technological crimes has driven the policy of the government and the Royal Thai Police to prevent and suppress all forms of online offenses. "Enter into the computer system with false computer information in a way that is likely to cause damage to the public. Imprisonment not exceeding 5 years, a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, or both, and fraud offenses. Punishable by imprisonment for not more than 3 years, a fine not exceeding 60,000 baht, or both, or other relevant laws." The first thing fraudsters often use is to build credibility. Use psychology to play with people's emotions. Conversations are written to make the victim look credible, including the use of technology such as IVR (Interactive Voice Response) or deepfake technology. Therefore, the public should be careful when answering unfamiliar phone calls. This is especially true of numbers called from overseas. Currently, there is a +697 sign for you to be mindful of. Don't panic, be easy to believe, and don't share personal information. Card number, one-time password (OTP) with anyone is strictly prohibited and promotes guidelines to prevent scammers from call center gangs. As follows:1. It is not the policy of government officials to call the public to present documents, claim that you have committed an offence, or have been involved in an offence. If such actions are found. Presumably it was definitely a fraud.2. Don't panic, don't believe the stories, hang up the conversation. Check first by calling the agency directly.3. No money transfer If it is said to transfer money to check for innocence, or for whatever, it is definitely a fraudster.4. Don't click the link Install any application with an unknown source because it may be a scam to install a remote device driver or a program that embeds malware to intercept the data of fraudsters.5. Do not provide personal and financial information to anyone, such as id card number. Card back code, OTP code, etc.6. You can block incoming calls coming from abroad. DIAL *138*1# AND CALL SPONSORED7. Install the Whos Call application to notify you of unknown incoming calls. Protect against scammers who may make fraudulent phone calls8. Take care of notifications To reduce the chances of becoming a victim of fraudsters if they find clues to wrongdoing. You can contact the cyber police hotline. Call 1441 or 08-1866-3000 24 hours a day and report online at www.thaipoliceonline.com or go directly to the local police station where the incident occurred.
"Cherprang Arikul" won't publish closed-circuit footage Before my brother fell into the condo.|"Cherprang Arikul" won't publish closed-circuit footage Before his brother fell into the condo, he thanked all the support sent at 2.00 p.m. on March 1, 2023 at Forensic Medicine, Chulalongkorn Hospital. Miss Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang BNK48 Class 1 members with their families attended the funeral. Mr. Chan Arikul, 19, the brother who fell from the condominium in Thonburi. Late last night, amid the mourning of family members, they hugged and cheered each other on. Before taking the body to a charity service at Wat Rat Bamrung. There will be a prayer service from today and a funeral service will be held on March 5. Cctv footage was not taken before the incident and relatives attended the funeral and thanked them for all the encouragement they received.
The police called "General J."|"Genius Ruangrattanapong" meets "Police Sergeant" unfolded another month ago. police general Lieutenant Colonel Fighting After clearing the case of irrational gambling, "General Mon" was called to provide information on March 8. Meanwhile, "Big Hin Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth" declined to give media interviews. An urgent meeting was held at 1:30 p.m. on March 1, 2023, at the Police Headquarters. Ramintra Road Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong President of Crime Victims Assistance Club Travel to meet Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, National Police After the National Police invited him to provide information on the online gambling case, which was earlier in the day, Mr. Smart brought a list of 16 police officers to complain. The Police Chief said that he was involved in online gambling websites, one of which included "General Mon", including Mr. Smart, revealed before meeting with the National Police Sergeant that today the National Police Department has called to meet the issue to provide information on the case of General J. alone. He viewed it unfairly to the generals. Because of the old case of Inspector Sua, including the son of the former Commander of Provincial Police Region 2 and the Commander of prachinburi provincial police, there is clear evidence that the money was transferred from the online gambling website to Inspector Sua. He had previously provided information and, importantly, completed the examination last month, but so far no disciplinary action has been issued or he has been removed from service. In this case, Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal, deputy chief of police, had a conclusive opinion on the criminal case M.157, but the police department did not take any action, causing him to feel a lack of confidence in the investigation of the police sergeant. If you are going to deal with General E. alone, but the old matter is not cleared, why ask for new information? Both Mr. Chuvit, Mr. Tum's lawyer, and Mr. Santhana never gave information to the police either. Because they don't trust the work of the police. If the results of the investigation come out that there is no guilt. Those who provide information like themselves could later file a defamation lawsuit, Mr. Smart said, adding that he did not trust the Central Bureau of Investigation's investigation into Inspector Sua's case. Because if this case is true, it will affect the entire Royal Thai Police because there will be many more police officers involved or, in other words, it will break down the entire police industry. There was a police officer at the level of Major General of Police and a Lieutenant General of Police fighting because he could not clear the case after mr. Smart went up to meet. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, national police sergeant, for about 20 minutes, appeared to have left the police headquarters. He declined to be interviewed by the media because he claimed there was an urgent meeting at the Royal Thai Police. Mr. Smart revealed to the media that after he met with the National Police, he was not aware of the situation. He inquired about the case of Inspector Sua, which the National Police admitted was involved in the online gambling website. Next week, the police will hand over the case to the national police chief. If the result is to be determined, he will inform Mr. Smart later, in the case of General E. only knows that the police will call General J. to provide information on March 8.
The meeting prepares to hunt the "Big 4 B." Found using foreign passports, escaped Then the|Cyber Police rushed to hunt down the accused in the Macau 888 gambling case after issuing a summons to find "Big 4 B." and his girlfriend had fled the country with passports of other nationalities. Preparing to coordinate the foreign division to issue red notices, this network has been open for a long time. Bangkhen police arrested the participants at 2:30 p.m. on March 1 at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Division 1 (SOT 1). Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Deputy Commissioner of Police Maj. Gen. Chachpandakan Similar Chief Of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Kritach Bamrungrattanayos, Lt. Col. Doanurat Kongman, Deputy Chief of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Damrongsak Onta Deputy Chief of Staff 2 Lt. Col. Rachatchok Leewanichkul Director (Investigation) Meeting with The Police Investigation of Technology Crime 1 and working group to monitor the progress of the investigation of the Macao 888 online gambling site. The prosecution was subsequently filed against Mr. Anuwat. Khamya, or MC King, a rapper hired to sing Macau 888, and influencers, who testified that they were hired by "Pike". A close friend of Mr. Kittipong Khajonboonthavorn or Big, the 3rd brother of Benz Damon, who had previously executed a search warrant to search Mr. Pike's house but did not find him, is thought to have fled, but has not found information that he has left the country. Initially, a summons was issued to Mr. Pike to acknowledge the allegations within 2 weeks for the offences of jointly organizing gambling and money laundering. In the case of Mr. Kittipong or Big, who fled with his girlfriend to Hong Kong earlier. The visa-free period in Hong Kong is now over, but according to news reports, it is believed to be in a neighbouring country, and it is possible that Mr Big may also hold a passport of another nationality. Non-Thai nationals only one visa and use such passports to rebel in other countries. Because many of the participants of this network have such characteristics. He did not surrender soon after being issued an arrest warrant, regardless of country. The cyber police will also coordinate the Foreign Affairs Division. The Royal Thai Police has requested to issue a red notice to Interpol. The three main accused were arrested in the same lot as Mr Kittipong and are thought to be on the run in Thailand. Investigators are investigating and arresting the suspects, who initially found movements along the border seams, but it is possible that they may have created a deceitful police report. Therefore, the accused may have left the country or remained within the country, but if he remains, the police will be able to arrest him. In addition, today's meeting also discussed the exchange of information with the investigators of Bang Khen Police Station, as well as coordinating information with the police. Bangkhen Police Station After finding out that in 2021, the investigators of Bang Khen Police Station had received complaints in the Macau 888 case and arrested some of the participants.
Ex-boyfriend shoots 3 times seriously injured in kindergarten at Nong Bua Lamphu|Photo credit: Naresuan Rescue Association of Nong Bua Lamphu Province until a girl of a private kindergarten in Nong Bua Lamphu province was shot 3 times by a gangster and seriously injured and transported to Udon Thani Hospital. At 12.00 p.m. on March 1, 2023, the reporter reported that the attacker was shot until the administrative officer of a private kindergarten in Nong Bua Lamphu province knew the name of the injured person, Miss Wanphen (last name reserved), was shot 3 times in the chest, 2 shots in the stomach and 1 shot in the stomach. At that moment, he did not notice which way the perpetrator had fled. The injured person who still has enough to say that the shooter is a new girlfriend who recently broke up. Police are aware of the perpetrator and are expected to be released soon.
Administrative Girl Nong Bua Kindergarten officer was fatally shot to Udon Hospital. |Administrative Girl I just came to work on my first day. After several months of resignation. Fatally shot by a new boyfriend who recently broke up. Nong Bua Lamphu city square is aware of it. Catching up While the injured person reached Udon Thani Hospital, he underwent surgery to remove the bullet at 12.12 p.m. on March 1, 2023. Nong Bua Lamphu Police Station received a report that someone had been shot in a private kindergarten. Route around the city, near tot intersection, Nong Phai Center subdistrict, Mueang district, Nong Bua Lamphu province The girl, later identified as Ms Wanphen (last name reserved), aged 25, a school administration officer, was shot three times in the torso and chest with an unknown firearm. The rescuers were taken to Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital in serious condition, with Ms Wanphen testifying during the hospital that the attacker had been taken to the hospital. HE IS THE LATEST EX-GIRLFRIEND WHO RECENTLY BROKE UP BEFORE BEING TAKEN TO UDON THANI HOSPITAL, ACCORDING TO THE NEWS RELEASE. Paint contractor Witnesses who first saw the injured man said they heard four gunshots when they walked out and saw the attacker lowering his gun. He was wearing a black full-length helmet and a dark green long-sleeved shirt. Panicked, he shouted to the teacher who was working in the room to call the police. Before running to see the injured man, who fell lying on his back, without noticing which way the perpetrator fled, officers investigating the scene did not find any shell casings. An official at the kindergarten said Ms Wanphen had worked at the school for about 2 years and had been out of business for 7-8 months and returned to work at the school on the first day she was shot. Pol. Col. Kiatphum Suwankrai, director of the Nong Bua Lamphu Police Department, said authorities now know the attacker is a 30-year-old man who used the JJ as a vehicle to act alone. The cause is thought to be jealousy at 6 p.m., a reporter reported from Udon Thani. Miss Wanphen, 26, who was injured, arrived at udon thani hospital. At 2 p.m., doctors brought the injured to the operating room. Ms. Wanphen waited in front of the operating room and was not comfortable with her relatives interviewing about it. He is expected to leave the operating room around 7:30 p.m. and be admitted to the ICU.
Seized 17 cars, child thieves patrol "break necks" around Pattaya Bang Lamung |The police break up the gang. Stunned 15-18-year-olds gather to patrol car thefts throughout Pattaya Bang Lamung, tucked away in the forest waiting to be sold to thieves, seized 17 cars, police had to investigate with multidisciplinary interdisciplinary The commander was shocked. Parents take care of their children when they find a brand new Honda Wave 110i motorcycle. 7 cars, each with a broken neck, a car seat tampered with, no license plate attached. All the cars were filled with fuel, hidden in the woods. Moo 5, Takhian Tia Subdistrict, Banglamung District, Chonburi Province, about 2 km from Road 331 (Sattahip - Nakhon Ratchasima) and about 200 meters on foot up the hill. Last updated at 09.00 on 1 March 2023. The Chonburi Police Chief has traveled to Bang Lamung Police Station After ordering the police officers to have Lt. Col. Navin Sindhurat, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Kornpong Sukvisit, Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Somporn Randommat Senator Banglamung, Lt. Col. Suchart Dusdee, Lieutenant Colonel Saman Boonkaew, Deputy Senator, Lt. Col. Thongthawat Deputy Chief Of Staff (NSC) CONDUCTING INVESTIGATIONS AND SPEEDING UP THE ARREST OF THOSE WHO COMMITTED THIS BURGLARY TO PROSECUTE THE CASE TO SPONSORED LT. COL. KORNPONG SUKVISIT, DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE POLICE. Therefore, the force went to check the CCTV cameras along the road, found that 2 nights ago there was a Mitsubishi car. Triton Model White, registration number 5 กจ 1265 Bangkok, come to park at the hiding area of the car. The police planned to arrest the suspects who were arrested before, a youth aged 15-18 years, who called to pick up the stolen car because there were several cars. Mr. Enok or Nek Sandon, 40 years old, and Mr. Sahachok or Lam Jai ngam, 22 years old, are in Laem Chabang, including 5 accused. The accused, aged 15-18, had 5 children in the middle of the license plate. No. 3 Sep 1605 Chonburi 1 License plate No. 3 กฉ 84 Chonburi 1 license plate No. 1 กฒ 9634 Nong Khai 1 sheet of tax payment label Registration No. 3 Sep 1605 Chonburi End date 15 Oct 2022 1 sheet Copy of registration list Registration No. 3 Sep 1605 Chonburi 1 copy with equipment used to steal motorcycle with hexagon no. 8 3 x 3 x hexagon no. 32 and 2 flat screwdrivers From the extension of the seizure of 17 motorcycles separated into motorcycles Honda Wave 110 i Blue and Red 9 Yamaha Motorcycles Grand Filano Blue Registration No. 1 กต 6821 Kalasin 1 car Yamaha Fino Red Registration No. 3 3503 Bangkok Body Number MLESEE911113104400 Yamaha Fino Black Registration no. 1 km. 6222 Roi Et, body number MLESEE91111129709 and motorcycle brand Honda Click yellow, registration number 5 Khot 2734, Bangkok. Body number MLHJF3516L5513943 Maj. Gen. Kampol Leelapraphaphon He said the attacker committed the crime on Feb. 26, 2023, according to police. Bang Lamung police have seized a stolen motorcycle that was hidden in the forest. Therefore, 7 vehicles were ordered to investigate and arrest the offenders for prosecution. It was discovered that the stolen car would be used to change the color of the car. Investigators from The Bang Lamung Police Station together with special suppression officers Bang Lamung Police Station Investigators learned that the militants were residing in Nong Prue village. Building 14 Moo 12 T.Nongprue Therefore, he went to check and found the accused no. 1-5 with the central items in the room of the said building. The five juvenile suspects have confessed that their group actually committed a motorcycle burglary. Bang Lamung and nearby areas They were hiding in the woods to prepare to be delivered to the merchants, and upon questioning the arrested persons 1-5 confessed that they had resold the motorcycles to local buyers. Sriracha district, Chonburi province, until more suspects can be arrested. HE THEN INVITED A MULTIDISCIPLINARY AND SOCIAL WORKER TO INVESTIGATE THE YOUTH AND SEND HIM TO A JUVENILE SHELTER." The police are shocked because they are young and they should have a better future," he said.
"Oops, Buddha Blaise." Thonglor square yan not gambling website|At 6:00 p.m. on March 1, 2023, Mr. Natee Ekvijit or Oui Buddha Blaise came to see the investigators at Thonglor Police Station to make further inquiries after being taken by an online gambling site in the program "Talk to Oui" EP.28, which had a guest as "Coach Kwong Ekkapop" to edit for promotion on the online gambling website Oui. Buddha Blaise He revealed that after he was edited by an online gambling website to promote the video on the website, he took the video evidence to report to the investigators. He then tried to add a line of people who edited the clip until he got the horse's account name. And knowing that the account is in Nakhon Sawan Oui Province, Buddha Blaise said that the subject matter of the clip is actually an interview with "Coach Keang Universe" to give advice on people who are addicted to gambling, how to stop gambling and how to prevent it. Stabbed two hundred and then lost, it rolled over to four hundred. "This is a demo question, and then the coach will respond to the question of how the online gambling site is how to lure gamblers. That if we don't come in and show altruism. We may become a gambling presenter and be prosecuted, so they have to come to the investigators to protect their rights and show their innocence that they are not affiliated with the online gambling site. Personally, I am confident that it has absolutely nothing to do with such matters. It can be investigated initially for allegedly importing false information into the computer system. Gambling cases section If the fault is clear, it must be the duty of the authorities.
"Cherprang", shocked, the younger fell off the building. 27-storey condo "Chan Arikul" national bowling team!|Family, relatives, friends Adults and international teammates from the Bowling Association attended the funeral. "Art-Chan Arikul" National youth bowling team More than 200 people gathered behind his brother "Cherprang BNK 48", a luxury condo on the 27th floor in Taksin. A body breaks out tragically from a problem with his girlfriend. I decided to end my life. Cctv footage showed walking up the elevator to the rooftop. Before rushing down, the body slammed into the parking lot on the 5th floor, no letter of goodbye was found, relatives looked at the evidence, not convinced of the cause of death. Forensics identified death from internal organs, bruises, tearing due to falling from a height. The sad "Cherprang" moves to change the IG Story to black, to pick up the body with the mother, pleading for privacy. The secretary of the Bowling Association is a good-natured, hardworking person who is loved by his friends. Posing as a representative of the senior national team in the future, brother "Cherprang BNK48" jumped the condominium and died this time. It was revealed at 3.00 a.m. on March 1, Lt. Col. Wichian Simmakrot, Deputy Commissioner (Investigation). Samrae Police Department received a report of a person falling into I DE O Sathorn-Taksin condominium, No. 138, opposite BTS Skytrain Station. Krung Thon Buri Krung Thonburi Road Khlong Ton Sai Subdistrict, Khlong San District, Bangkok coordinated with relevant agencies to investigate the scene. Forensic Officer Forensic physicians, Chulalongkorn Hospital, and Grateful Foundation volunteers initially did not allow unrelated persons to enter the crime scene.sponsored the scene of the accident, a 27-storey luxury condominium on the 5th floor, where the body of Mr. Chan or Art Arikul was found. 19 year old brother Miss Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang A member of BNK48 girl group BNK48 Class 1, currently serving as the manager of BNK48, the corpse was lying face down, wearing black and white elephant-patterned trousers. No shirt. The skull was shattered, it brain scattered, the plaster wall separating the edge of the parking floor was horrible. The body, several broken bones and broken limbs are deformed. In the pocket of his pants, he found a key card in room 33, 9th floor, and the investigation revealed that the deceased lived in room no. 33, 9th floor, before the incident with another girl friend. Initially, it was estimated that he fell from the balcony of the 9th floor room, killing Lt. Col. Wichian, the owner of the case, said. Police are conducting an autopsy with authorities. He also interrogated the deceased's friend who was in the room to determine the exact cause. Before sending the body for dissection at Chulalongkorn Hospital and coordinating with relatives to investigate and receive the body for religious ceremonies. He said after examining the evidence at the scene, Chan was staying in room No. 33, 9th floor with another girl. The building's forensics department thoroughly examined the CCTV cameras. He was seen going up to the 27th floor, which is the rooftop, before jumping down. There were no other people present at the spot, and there were no letters of resignation or signs of fighting. We are currently waiting for the deceased's girl friend to relieve her grief. To investigate the root cause at 11.00 a.m., Maj. Gen. Manop Sukonthanapat Pm 8 reveals the progress in the case of the body of Mr. Chan Arikul Fell to the condominium IDO Sathorn-Taksin died, said the investigators had already called the relatives of the deceased to come to the inquiry. Initially, the parents viewed the CCTV footage of the condominium that was recorded. The cause of death is not suspected, as the camera clearly recorded the footage. Before the incident, the deceased was staying in a room on the 9th floor, but took the elevator to the 27th floor and jumped on his own without anyone present. I instructed the investigators to expedite the autopsy results and issue documents for relatives to take to the forensic department. Chulalongkorn Hospital initially learned that relatives would take the body of the deceased to a traditional charity service at Wat Rat Bamrung. Soi Phetkasem 69 next," said The 8th Police Chief, Lt. Col. Setthasak Yimcharoen, Deputy Chief of Staff, 8th District. Call a meeting of the investigation team to solve the case of the death of Mr. Chan Arikul. It took about 1 hour before revealing that from the preliminary information that the deceased had a problem with his girlfriend to the point of being a little nervous and decided to end his own life. Upon inspection of the 9th floor room, no one was found in the room during the incident and no other abnormalities were found that could have been motive. Moreover, the issue of whether the deceased had drunk alcohol until he was intoxicated before deciding to commit the crime or not. You will have to wait for the doctor to check the blood alcohol content again. It can be determined whether before the deceased decided to take his own life, there was a drunkenness or not. Capt. Wichian Simmakot Deputy Inspector General (Investigation) Samrae Police Station The owner of the case prepares documents for relatives to bring to the death certificate at Khlong San District Office. Forensic doctors determined the cause of death was "internal organs bruised and torn due to falling from a height", after which relatives would submit to the funeral home in accordance with the atmospheric tradition at the Forensic Medicine Department. Chulalongkorn Hospital, Ms. Cherprang Arikul, along with her mother and relatives, came to receive her brother's body for charity service at Wat Rat Bamrung. Ms. Cherprang briefly revealed that the family was not comfortable giving interviews and providing information to the media. Funeral services are currently not scheduled. Have to wait for the details again. Let it be a matter within the family, take action. Details of the case at Samrae Police Station The police have taken action. We ask for the cooperation of the media not to present CCTV footage before the incident and while relatives attend the funeral, and thank you for all the support that has been sent. Ms. Cherprang raised her hand to thank everyone for their support of the loss, before relatives came in and gave Cherprang a hug. THE ATMOSPHERE WAS MOURNFUL, THE REPORTER REPORTED. younger brother Cherprang BNK48 or Cherprang Arikul He died in a condo in Thonburi. Afterwards, the organizers broke the news that Cherprang had decided to cancel the event. Echolac immediately on the afternoon of March 1, moving through the IG Story to a black screen. The message reads @วันนี้เฌอไม่ได้ร่วมงานนะคะ admin A, with fans worried about their feelings. Wrote a message of encouragement to many famous artists on the side of Mrs. Suwalai, the enemy of Li. The general secretary of the Bowling Association of Thailand said he had just learned of Jean's death. I was shocked, and I was also a youth athlete for the Thai national team. Previously, he regularly trained with his teammates and was part of the squad for the 2022 World Youth Championship in Sweden. He was named in the squad for the 2023 Asian Youth Championship, which Thailand will host with the General Secretary of the Bowling Association. As a result, they do not travel to compete abroad. Last year I went to compete in Sweden, the performance was satisfactory. Personally, as far as I know, I'm a hardworking athlete. In addition to being skilled and good-natured, beloved by friends in the national team camp, the association aims to be a new generation of athletes who will replace the national team in the future. The 33rd SEA Games hosted by Thailand, Chan was also scheduled to be the main athlete, but the incident occurred before Sala 6, Wat Rat Bamrung, Soi Petchkasem 69 at 17.00 hrs. The atmosphere is full of sadness. After that, the funeral prayers continued for the first day. There is a family member "Arikul". Sister Cherprang More than 200 friends from the Faculty of Fine Arts Year 1, Srinakharinwirot University Prasarnmit and friends from the Bowling Association of Thailand attended the event. The association's secretary-general said only that Mr Chan did not have a racing programme at this time. Everyone at the event declined to be interviewed and asked for privacy on Mr. Chan or Art Arikul. Thailand's national youth bowling team is the only brother of a young idol. Cherprang Arikul He is currently 19 years old and studying at the Faculty of Fine Arts, Srinakharinwirot University. Cherprang's fans will see his brother helping him shoot video clips and editing them. He was always there for his brilliant sister, who told the British Council: In addition to bowling, which is something that is always loved and practiced. He is also interested in and loves art, loves photography, high school studying in art and art, focuses on painting. Art is my favorite subject. When you're creative, you'll know it's very calm. I started learning to draw cartoons as a child. THERE IS A SISTER CHERPRANG WHO TEACHES SPONSORED IT. Chan is also a youth bowling player for the Thai national team. In 2020, the work caught the eye of the Bowling Association. Called up to the camp for the Asian Indoor, Martial Arts Games, SEA Games and Youth World Championships. At the time, he was secretary general of the Bowling Association of Thailand. It also mentions Mr. Chan, who is an up-and-coming young player in the youth ranks, has earned the right to stand at the World Youth Championships. "This year (2020) is a golden opportunity for Jean to win the right to stand internationally in 3 major competitions.
"My wife is the cause," he said. Shotgun shot hurts 2, gut flows dead 1|"My wife fights", the husband pouted in front of him instead, grabbed a long shotgun, shot each other, killed 1, injured 2, construction camp in Saraburi. Police officers rushed to chase the attackers. He fled shortly after 10 p.m. on March 1, 2023, Lt. Col. Samit Koyatha. Inspector Inspector Sao Hai receives a report of a man being shot. There were casualties and casualties. The incident occurred at the construction site of Thada Meditation Center, Moo 7, Hua Pluak Subdistrict, Sao Hai District, Saraburi Province. Rescue workers at the scene of the accident were construction workers' camps. It is a single-storey room. A body was found. Mr. Kritnai Saimek, 37, a resident of Chaiyaphum province, who was a construction worker, lay on his back and died in front of room 8, wearing black underwear and no shirt. He was wounded by a 12-caliber rifle in the stomach and found five beer bottles on the floor. On the table, there were still 2 shell casings of No. 12 guns found at the scene, so the officers kept it as evidence, in addition, 2 people were shot and injured, the name of Miss Laksanawan Wisetsak, 41 years old, the wife of the deceased, was shot in the middle of the back 1 shot, and the other was Miss Thitiwan Srimi. The 41-year-old was shot once in the left arm, and the foreman had taken the two injured to Saraburi Hospital earlier, while the attacker was Mr. Phaithoon Phosrithong, 36, a resident of Suphan Buri province. After the incident, he fled with his wife, using a pickup truck as a vehicle, according to the inquiry. Mr. Poonsak Iamsawang, 53, a fellow worker, said that he knew the deceased and the perpetrator, both of whom stayed at the camp for about a year. The day before the incident. The wives of both parties made a noise, causing the deceased to walk to the room of the perpetrator. He then insulted the wife of the perpetrator, causing the perpetrator to become dissatisfied as well. He then used a long shotgun to shoot at the deceased until he fell to his death. WHEN THE DECEASED'S WIFE SAW IT, HE WENT TO THE RESCUE AND WAS SHOT BY THE ATTACKER AND INJURED BY THE INITIAL SPONSOR. Police officers dispersed the pursuit. Mr. Phaithoon (the perpetrator) has to be careful because the perpetrator has a firearm with him. It is expected that it will not be far away. As for the body of the deceased, the rescue personnel sent the autopsy to Thammasat Rangsit Hospital in Pathum Thani province in accordance with the legal procedures.
"Hot-headed Vespa" slaps the pump's ear, dissatisfied with refueling, hitting a car with a hundred thousand dollars (clip)|The oil pump staff reported the wrongdoing. A young man riding a hot-headed Vespa slaps his ears loudly. After being dissatisfied, he splashed oil on the car for hundreds of thousands. "I've been stunned twice", before driving away, acting as if nothing had happened. Why use such violence in the case of a Facebook user? CCTV footage captured a hot-headed Vespa riding a boy slapping a boy's ear with a loud bang. This happened on February 16, 2023, stating, "Is this too much?" This happened inside one of the gas stations in the area. The pump boy suffered an injury to his right ear. As a result, tinnitus occurs. After the incident, a young man riding a Vespa drove away from the pump with a look of indifference. Later, the injured person went to report to The Mahereng Police Station for the police to follow up with the perpetrator to continue the case on March 2, 2023. They found Mr. Yutthaphum Sukrakkini, 24, a pump boy who was injured. A motorcycle drove in to fill up the pump, police said. While pressing the filling nozzle, a small amount of oil came out of the tank. He bent down and took a cloth and said sorry, but he didn't wipe and apologized, but he was slapped hard by the owner of the car with his palm on his right ear. AFTER THE SLAP, THE PERPETRATOR SAID, "I've done it twice," and the perpetrator used to come to the pump frequently, but he doesn't remember when he splashed petrol on the car. After refueling, the perpetrator drove away from the pump indifferently, acting as if nothing had happened. Now I want the perpetrators to take responsibility for what they did, I want to ask why they are so violent and will take the matter to the end," while the pump administrator said that after the incident, he took Mr. Yutthaphum to the medical examiner and went to the Police Station in Nakhon Ratchasima to continue the legal proceedings against the perpetrators. After the incident, the young Vespa rider never came back to refuel at the pump.
Fire burns down old wooden building in Panat Nikhom Market The owner of the gold shop was caught in the crossfire - there are 2 gold safes (clip)|The fire destroyed an old wooden building in Panat Nikhom Market, 3 booths, more than 15 fire trucks and water sprayed. An 87-year-old woman who owns a gold shop was found dead in two safes, but the damage has not yet been ascertained. As for the cause, a short circuit was expected at 04.00 a.m. on March 2, 2023, said Lt. Col. Nattapong Weeraphan, Deputy Inspector (Investigation). Panat Nikhom police received a report of a fire at Panat Nikhom Market. Srikunchon Road Phanat Nikhom Subdistrict, Phanat Nikhom District, Chonburi Province. Lt. Col. Thavorn Najaiyen, Director of The Panat Nikhom Police Department, and coordinated with the fire trucks of Panat Nikhom Municipality and nearby areas. Before entering the scene upon arrival at the scene. Found a 2-storey building, half wood and half mortar, the fire was burning violently, with the gold shop No. 16 also burned, with 15 fire trucks mobilizing water for about 3 hours. One person was found dead in the bathroom behind the house, the owner of the gold shop, Mrs. Thasanee Siriwattanako, 87, was in a scorched condition, while the gold in 2 safes could not be traced for damage.  According to the inquiry, Ms. Orawan Kongsaksri, 42, a tofu seller. Eyewitnesses said that when they arrived to set up shop, they saw a fire burning and shouted to the villagers. Less than 5 minutes later, a fire truck arrived. He said that after receiving the notification, he immediately rushed to the scene and found that the fire was burning 1 booth. The second house was caught fire next to the gold shop and quickly burned the gold shop until the owner of the gold shop died. It's a very old building. The damage cannot be assessed. We will have to wait for the Forensic Division Part 2 to check again.
A landfill was found under a bamboo grove. The police rushed to investigate, searching for clues to the body of "The Younger One".|The police received a report that they found traces of excavation and landfill under the bamboo grove, the director of the Bang Luang Police Department, along with the officers involved, rushed to investigate. Continue searching for clues to your body. Initially it was thought to be digging for earthworms to be used for fishing, police and rescue teams are still searching for the body. The 8-month-old son of 17-year-old Ms. Nim (pseudonym) has been missing for several days. The mother confessed that she had dropped her child to the ground and had thrown her body into the Tha China River. On the side of the bamboo grove in the area. Hin Mun District Authorities have been mobilizing to search continuously, but there is no sign of it. The mother of the child was arrested by the police. On the morning of March 2, 2023, a reporter reported that a villager informed the police that he had found traces of digging and landfilling something under a bamboo grove. Lt. Col. Suthee Wannasutra, Director, Bangluang Police Department Mr. Anup Silarat Village Chief 6, Hin Mun District Banglen District, Nakhon Pathom Province, until The Rescue And Rescue MRS. SOMBOON SOMBOONPRACHAPRAI, 60 YEARS OLD, REVEALED THAT SHE BROUGHT THE DOG FOR A WALK AND THE DOG STOPPED AT THIS SPOT. Therefore, he informed the officers to come in and check the spot where he was informed to stay away from his house. Just 300 meters across the street where white diapers and bottles were found, the officers used a shovel to dig a 60-meter-wide shovel to open the soil. It is thought to be digging for earthworms for fishing, or it looks more like bullying from bad actors.
Ikkyu Bhojchi Yan is not about Teacher Bakai. Lese majeste case: 4 accused|The latest progress of "Teacher Ba Kai" after "Ball Khon Kaen" told "Ikkyu" that he did not want to be caught in karma before bringing Khan 5 to ask for "Kru Ba Kai" on the Ikkyu side, ordained for 9 days, offering the Buddha as a pardon for "Bum", revealing that this ordination is not about Teacher Ba Kai strictly. As for the case, all 4 accused have been informed and are in the process of gathering evidence to ensure fairness on both sides from the personal Facebook case of Ms. Wassana Lae sung noen or Ikkyu. Former Yom Upadhyak Teacher Ba Kai Post a picture The priest, white and white, with close relatives and nuns, joined me in the ordination ceremony with the message: "I, Ms. Vasana Lai sung noen, would like to ordain my hair on March 2, 2023 for 9 days. Any karma, whether acrobatics, genore, conscience, that I have done to anyone, intentionally or intentionally, is good. In any nation, please forgive me. Don't book your fate again. Even if anyone does anything to me, I beg for forgiveness. LET'S INSPIRE THEM TO BE KIND AND FRIENDLY TO ME, SO THAT THEY MAY NOT BE FOREVER BOUND BY THE BLESSINGS OF FORGIVENESS. May I, along with my family, my circle of relatives, my benefactors, be free from adversity and suffering. Don't be sick, be happy, be blessed, be blessed, be happy, be blessed, be happy, be blessed, be blessed What do you wish to do that is righteous? After Ikkyu's Facebook post the picture on social media, a lot of people came to express their gratitude and wished that all obstacles would go well. The reporter inquired about the case with Pol. Col. Pichai. Nakhandi, director of the Manjakiri Police Department in Khon Kaen province, said the case was "very serious". Investigators have already filed charges against the four accused, which Ikkyu and Bum came to see the investigators and acknowledged in late February. It is in the process of investigating and gathering evidence to ensure fairness on both sides. This is working in the form of a fact-checking committee to ensure fairness on both sides, with the charges still the same: The charges of defamation by advertising, together with the clergy, and the charge of jointly bringing false information into the computer system (COM Act), which after collecting the evidence, will be submitted to the court. Khon Kaen follows the procedures of the law. Ensure fairness to all parties
"Mother Watermelon" Wade unveils important new evidence "Car Front Camera" More than 40 million calls|Mother Watermelon got new evidence, a picture from the front camera of the watermelon car. The data was erased, but national experts were able to recover it. Lawyers prepare to file new lawsuits Additional damages of 40,800,000 baht were recovered in the case of Watermelon-Nida at 09.00 a.m. on March 2, 2023 at the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. The 6 defendants in the case of the death of Ms. Pattarathida Patcharaveerapong or Melon Nida The actress was killed in a speedboat crash in the Chao Phraya River. The court has appointed the victim is Mrs. Panida Sirayuyothin. Mother of watermelons Mrs. Panida Sirayuthyothin came to the court with Mr. Chaiwat Lomakul, legal counsel and a team of lawyers. Useful for case photos As for compensation for the rest of the defendants. He will speak to all the defendants before today, sponsored Mr. Chaiwat Lomakul, Mrs. Panida's legal counsel, said that the mother still has the right to claim damages in accordance with her civil rights. Without waiting in the criminal case. Today, the team of lawyers will present new evidence to the court and prepare to make a statement to the court. Because material witnesses, which are new evidence, are very important in the case. The lawyers agreed that they should join the prosecution in filing a new lawsuit for damages, and the mother has the right to claim at any time and without limits according to Section 44/1 of the Code, which, despite having entered into a conciliation agreement with some of the defendants, has not yet reached a final judgment, allowing the contract to change at any time, especially when encountering important new material witnesses in the case. Black Registration 13 Bangkok of watermelon by new witness object The team of lawyers was obtained through the data recovery of a national expert firm. It was found that some of the culprits had wiped out some of the information in the recording unit, which depicted the events of February 24, 2022, the day of the incident, along with 2 other petitions to exercise the rights of the victims who were still addicted to the case, together with 2 other letters that the lawyers would submit to the court to join the prosecution and the prosecutor. To sue in this case again.The reporter reported that Mrs. Panida Sirayuyothin Mother of watermelons Prepare to claim additional damages of 40,800,000 baht from the remaining defendants.
"Chuvit-Santhana" Emotions boil over the eloquence at the B.C.N., throwing the quilt, punching - do not get distracted (video)|Couple bites "Chuvit-Santhana" Emotions boil over in front of the police, throwing a quilt, punching one-on-one, fighting like a man's way, "Santhana", pointing back to the face, seeing each other anywhere, not here, because it honors the old workplace. One more case, for a total of 10 cases, was filed at approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 2, 2023 at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters .... Mr. Santhana Prayurarat, or deputy to the former Special Branch policeman, submitted a letter to Lt. Gen. Thiti Saeng. The Director-General to expedite the case in which the complaint was filed. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former owner of a hospitality business and a former politician, and 9 others, reporters reported. The PM was getting out of the car to greet the media. Mr. Chuvit rushed straight to Mr. Santhana before the police officers came to stop him at some point in the incident. Mr. Chuvit shouted at Mr. Santhana, punching him one-on-one, fighting like a man. Ready to bring a quilt by Mr. Chuvit Allow yourself to use one punch. Show fitness, show step footwork like a boxer among the police officers who are tightly pinned to prevent a concussion, while Mr. Santhana, during a media interview, turned to point at Mr. Chuvit's face, telling him to go all out, let's meet anywhere, not here, at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters, because this place used to be an old office. All police sponsored and prepared to file an additional 10 cases, initially saying it was defamation after today's controversy.
Poe-Roberts pleaded guilty in the watermelon case. Mom was shocked. The lawsuit calls for 40.8 million.|Poe-Roberts reversed his testimony in court. He pleaded guilty to all charges in the watermelon case. While the mother admitted, she was surprised but shocked that "Zan" sued for damages of 40.8 million while the court scheduled a hearing on May 10. A separate indictment was filed on April 28, 2023, in the case of Watermelon-Nida actress at 1:00 p.m. on March 2, 2023, at the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. After the plaintiff and the defendant have gone to the court to make an appointment to examine the witnesses. Mr. Chaiwat Lomakul, legal counsel of Mrs. Panida Sirayuyothin, Mae Melon, said that during the examination of the evidence to be presented in the case of Melon's death. Nida appears as Mr. Tanupat or Po Lerttaweewit. and Mr. Paiboon or Robert Trikanjananan. The 1st and 2nd defendants in the case have already admitted to changing their testimony in court. The 1st and 2nd defendants pleaded guilty to all charges as filed by the prosecutor. As a result, the court ordered Mrs. Panida, who is the plaintiff together with the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor, to file a new case against defendants 3 to 6, including 4 persons, who denied all the allegations. The prosecutor filed a total of 6 charges, namely, negligent act causing the death of another person, operating the boat without a legal certificate, using a boat with an expired license, dumping sewage into the river, not having the name of the boat in Thai and English letters at the bow of the boat, and making false statements, while Mr. Phaiboon or Robert was charged with 4 charges. Act negligently causing the death of others, operating a boat without a legal certificate, using a boat with an expired license, and dumping sewage into the river Mr. Pornsak Vipasapanont. Zane's personal lawyer Wisapat Manomayrat, 1 of the defendants in the case, said today that on the part of Mr. Tanupat Lerttaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon Trikanjananan or Robert, the 1st and 2nd defendants, they pleaded guilty to all charges. Defendants 3-6 continued to deny all charges, so the court considered a separate indictment. Therefore, having to restart the trial process entirely and stating that the confessions of the two defendants will have a positive effect on the rest of the defendants, as there will be no fear in the trial. As for the new piece of evidence that the prosecution witnesses asked for today. Defense attorneys have yet to see evidence. Wisapat Manomayrat insisted that he did not know that Poe and Robert would return their confessions in court today because they had never told them before and had only come to know today as well. It's a surprise, but it's a good thing to fight the case without fear. It's time to exercise your legal rights by preparing to sue back the watermelon mother. In the case of Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong and his mother, he sued San. On the murder charge, which has the signature of Mae Melon on the document, he wants to sue back and demand damages of 40.8 million baht. As for what the charges are, I'll go back and consult with my lawyer first. Speaking to her mother, Mrs. Panida Mae Melon said she was surprised and delighted and satisfied that Poe and Robert had confessed. I didn't talk about it at all, but I think the two were on the right track to confess because if they keep fighting, it could get worse. The other four are on whether he will plead guilty in the future. He said the new evidence submitted to the court to become a co-plaintiff in today's case was a video of watermelon's car, which had been filed by the police for more than a year and some of the data had been deleted. It was found that there were two conversations in the car about the story and the incident, which the mother herself listened to from beginning to end. I feel confident in this piece of evidence and clearly recognize the voice of the person in the clip, but let it be the details in the idiom that San will sue back and demand damages in the same amount as the mother sued. He had just learned that in the courtroom Xan had come in and hugged each other in love, he was shocked that Xan would sue, but he was confident in the evidence that he believed would be fair. Mr. Tanupat or Po, Mr. Paiboon or Robert immediately walked down from the court and got back in the van with a solemn expression and refused to give any interviews for the case of Mr. Tanupat or Po and Mr. Paiboon or Robert.
When you know who "General J." is, as society understands, "Police Sergeant". Accept data available|A police spokesman said they are investigating the online gambling site. Admittedly, "General Mon" is, as society understands. When there is some information, the "genius" should come back to provide more information, rest assured—don't worry at 2:00 p.m. on March 2, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters. Pol. Maj. Gen. Santinatee Prayurarat The Inspector General of Police Division 4, The Office of the Inspector General of Police, as a spokesperson for the Police Department, said that the investigation into online gambling was related to the disciplinary actions of police officers or related to the conduct of police officers. The case that came to light today is the case that Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong has given a useful statement in the matter alluding to some police officers having acted in a matter that is likely to be illegal. It stated that many of the matters that had been complained about earlier had not progressed firstly thanks to the deliberate action and tried to look at the timeline of the inspector general's work. Police Headquarters In the case of a provincial police commander, one of the offences was committed. Mr. Smart had already filed a complaint and it was mentioned that the Police Commissioner's Office had resolved the matter, so the matter was investigated. I would like to clarify as follows: The facts in this case are being investigated by the Committee. The police commissioner's office takes time from the time the president acknowledges it until the matter is completed. In total, almost all of the complaints were suspected and therefore submitted to the Royal Thai Police through each hierarchy for consideration. To set up a committee to investigate the facts further. THE MATTER IS NOT SETTLED AND IS STILL ONGOING, SAID THE POLICE IN EARLY February. Upon preliminary examination of the evidence, it is believed that there are several issues that are likely to be related to certain acts that appear inappropriate and may be illegal, according to the petitioner, 5-6 issues, of which 3-4 are consistent, which have already been moved out of the said area. The police commissioner has suggested that a false investigation committee should be set up to take further disciplinary action when asked about complaints about promotion to the rank of police officer. Police in the eastern region are involved in online gambling. Pol Maj Gen Santi said some police officers involved in online gambling and past appointments had been promoted. In this regard, he was originally with the rank of Lt. Col., but he was actually already an inspector. Lt. Col. to Lt. Col. this time around. Therefore, it may be a misunderstanding to think that it has been shifted higher, but it is actually a cycle in the appointment of the annual transfer according to the order of the Sq. It is the case that the normal rotation of the part of the commander who is being called has been transferred to another position that is not relevant in the area, and the Royal Thai Police is in the process of considering further action in the relevant section. Therefore, this case is not an end to the investigation, as Mr. Smart put it, and is used as a reason for refusing to provide information to the general. E. who is involved in online gambling websites with the police. Mr. Smart should come back and give information to The General and the Police. Other complaints have already been filed in accordance with the time frame and evidence. However, the 33-day inspection is considered fast because some matters take more than 300 days to complete. According to the National Police Commissioner, the fact-checking committee was directed to investigate. We are currently in the process of inviting the petitioners, including the lawyers of Sidra Bhagavad. Mr. Santhana Prayurarat Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit and Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong provided information on the necessary issues and will consider whether it is necessary to invite General J. to provide information, but admitted that the police knew who General J. was, as the society understood, and already had the information of General E. but still needed more information from the petitioner. He also revealed that in the case of Mr. Smart, he had been labeled at the Royal Thai Police. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, the police chief, sent the case. Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasadthongosoth, Sgt. The Royal Thai Police has urged it to be merged with a committee that is already working on matters relating to such matters. Everything that has been done. Many matters are currently in the process of inviting the petitioner to give statements because he wants to get the issues from the petitioner and will gather relevant evidence. At the same time, it examined the petitioner in parallel with the documents of the concerned authorities. In the process of collecting relevant documents, it may not be quick, but it will make the process prudent and concise. Because if the process is delayed beyond the specified timeframe, it is not only the complainant who will feel delayed. The committee may also be considered for parole. The commanding officer of the Police Bureau has always stressed that the police officers should consider taking the correct action fully and ask the complainant to be comfortable not to worry, because what actions will be looked at one by one and in detail. There is a practice. If any of you have clues, police officers of all levels are directly or indirectly involved with bias and online gambling, can report clues or clear information through 2 channels. as follows The first channel via mobile phone to JCoMS, the other channel can send sealed mail (specified secretly) directly. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wisnu Prasatthong Osoth, JAT, Office of the Police Commissioner, Building 1, Royal Thai Police Office, Pathumwan District, Bangkok, or THE OFFICE of the Police Commissioner. Ramintra Road, Bangkhen, Bangkok 10220 by THE PROVINCE will open the letter in person for further consideration.
Dacha's lawyer wonders how the watermelon case recovered the files The evidence has been sent to the police. |Decha's lawyer cried out, wondering how to recover the evidence in the watermelon case because it had already been sent to the police. I've seen the video cited, taken from inside a car with Bo TK as the driver, but there is no sound pointing Poe-Robert. Confess, don't risk fighting the case, pay the money, it's over. The rest of the defendants fought the case more easily, on March 2, 2023. Revealed to Thairath Online reporters Regarding the watermelon case, where Poe-Robert recently pleaded guilty to all charges, Mr. Decha's lawyer said that the person who pleaded guilty the most recent was Mr. Poe and Mr. Robert (defendants 1, 2) who will receive a reduced sentence and have the opportunity to receive a suspended sentence. In addition, the watermelon mother is no longer liable for civil and criminal claims. The rest of the defendants will also benefit from the confession because they can fight the case as a mere passenger, which will make it easier for the rest of the defendants to fight the case. Defendant Nos. 1-2 were in charge of the boat when the deceased died and pleaded guilty. There is no need to risk fighting the case, but when asked if all the defendants should have escaped jail time. The lawyer replied that defendant 3-6 had to continue to fight whether he was negligent, bringing defendant 1-2 to testify that defendant 3-6 did not participate in this act of negligence. The prosecutor has to prove that everyone was negligent. After that, it will be the duty of the court to decide who to believe, but we will have to wait and see what penalty will be awarded for the 1-2 defendants for negligence causing the death of others. The penalty of imprisonment is not more than 10 years, there is no minimum, but the past experience is that the penalty is not more than 3 years, and most of the time is to wait for 1-2 years of punishment or public service. The rest of the defendants asked to fight the case because they didn't want to lose money. He didn't have to pay a single penny for the latest evidence. Mr. Decha's lawyer said, "The evidence must be seen whether it happened lawfully, whether it was made by itself or not, whether it exists or not, why it appears when demanding damages, it must be proved, most of the clips must be sent to the Ph.D. to prove whether it is legal or not. As for how my mother is going to recover files, I don't know. But at that time, I got it legally, and my mother had already submitted the evidence to the investigators. When did my mother get it back, because ideally, the evidence submitted would not be refundable. As far as I know, my mother only asked me to return my phone and went to Bang Jack. After that, there were MPs rounding up, sending various cloths, there were YouTubers telling them to slit their legs, all of which were lies. After this, the court will give the defendant 3-6 to file a new case within 15 days and allow the mother to be a co-plaintiff. The reporter reported that the new evidence that Mrs. Panida Sirayuthyothin, Mae Melon, mentioned and submitted to the court to be a co-plaintiff in today's case. The mother identified it as a front-facing camera clip of a watermelon. He applied for a police report that had been preserved for more than a year and some of the data had been deleted, and then the experts recovered the data. It was found that there were two conversations in the car about the story and the incident, which the mother herself listened to from beginning to end, felt confident with this piece of evidence, and clearly recognized the voice of the person in the clip.
Southern bandits bomb a scout base in Sri Sakhon. Getting shot in the face |The mob expected extremist militants. Zulkifri Awae's group is active in the area of Srisakhon. Narathiwat, who fired a grenade at the scout base, was retaliated against and found a pipe bomb thrown by the assailants, 2 more bombs, 1 not working, and no injuries on March 2, 2023. Capt. Surachai Panlorso Deputy Inspector General of Investigation Narathiwat province received a report of a gunman using a firearm and throwing grenades at the 4906th Scout Troop base located at Irgazae. M.6 Therefore, it is ready. Maj. Gen. Pakwat Wansanook, srisakhon police chief, and a number of military police officers rushed to investigate the scene and ordered officers to block the area and coordinate with officers to recover and destroy explosives. Officers of the Forensic Division of Narathiwat province requested support to investigate the crime scene at 14.00 hrs. Deputy Chief of Staff, Narathiwat Police Department, Panuwat Sukchadej Commander, 49th Scout Regiment, officers recovered and destroyed explosives. The forensic officers, including the officers involved, came to the scene and turned on the mobile phone signal interference machine and used a metal detector to disperse the force to check the crime scene, which has 3 points: 1. At the mound in front of the base, where there is a barricade placed in the middle of the road. There are remains of pipe bombs. While the officers were investigating the scene of the 1st accident, they also found 1 pipe bomb, which was in a ready-to-work condition about 4 meters away from the 2nd ball. Point 2: Officers checked the area opposite the base, which is a rubber plantation and mixed orchard. About 15 meters away from the base, shell casings of AGA and M.16 guns were found. There are 25 casings, and there are patches of grass that look like people crouching over or like pedals. Point 3 is the area where the base is located, there are traces of gunshot wounds of the gangsters in the bamboo trunk used for bunkers, as well as vinyl signs with pictures of the gangsters in the security case. The officer then collected it as evidence from the inquiry of Lt. Col. Sangpol Suwannarat. Lt. Col. 4906 learned that while the military personnel were living in the base and some of them had dispersed to perform their duties at various points, an unknown number of criminals were lurking from rubber plantations and mixed orchards. On the opposite side of the base, the mob used a firearm to fire at the base, so he ordered the personnel on duty at the point of use of firearms to retaliate against the mob, causing clashes for more than 5 minutes, after which the mob used a pipe bomb to throw into the base, but the pipe bomb was attached to the black sunscreen cloth that was spread on the opposite mound until 2 work bombs, the other 1 did not work. The incident, officials believe, was the work of extremist militants. Mr. Zulkifri Awae and his militants in Srisakhon district and on January 20, 2023, clashed with the authorities at the foot of Ban Da Hong Mountain. M.4 But he managed to escape.
Catch a vicious boy, molest the boy, take a video to sell in a secret line group, collect money for members.|Police said the 6-year-old had been arrested after he allegedly molested a young boy to sleep and secretly filmed pornographic footage on Twitter and a secret line group called "Sunty", charging him 400 baht per head. The police officers gathered the young man to sleep and filmed the video. It was revealed on March 2, Maj. Gen. Saruti, Sopha. Chief Of Staff Lt. Col. Adisorn Suwanrak, 6th Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Nattaporn Helpnukul, 6th Lt. Col. Lt. Col. Charas Meek 6th Army Corps of Engineers Led the force to arrest Mr. Krittanai Yamjit. 22 years old, according to a criminal court arrest warrant, for trafficking in persons for the purpose of producing or distributing pornographic materials. It is done to a person over the age of fifteen but not more than eighteen years of age, to provide for obscenity to a person over fifteen years of age but not more than eighteen years of age, to take a person over fifteen but not more than eighteen years of age for obscenity, to coerce, to induce. Encouraging children to display or commit obscene acts, entering into the computer system with obscene information of 1 mobile phone, arrested at the residence area in Hat Yai, Hat Yai. Mr. Krittanai allegedly lured a boy under the age of 18 to sleep before secretly filming the video and publishing it on Twitter and a secret line group called "Sunty", charging an admission fee of 400 baht per member after learning of the arrest warrant and asking the court to issue an arrest warrant. Later, the arrest team learned that Mr. Kritnai had escaped and hid in the area of Hat Yai. Therefore, he was arrested along with his mobile phone and a preliminary investigation of Mr. Krittanai, who pleaded guilty to earning money for everyday expenses. Detain the accused and send the investigating officer kg.6 P.P.C. Prosecution and extension of the case to those involved in the process
Inspector Sua, the evidence is tight. The Police Commissioner has filed charges. If the girl reaches the "General", then catch!|"Inspector Sua" revealed that the case has progressed by 50 percent, but has to keep a lot of details of the financial route because there are 60 nominee companies and 150 individuals. If a police officer at the level of "general" is found, he will surely be prosecuted. Police Sergeant Report on the progress of police investigations related to online gambling 4 complainants were interrogated for information and asked for a 30-day extension of the investigation period in the case of "General Mon", a spokesman for the Chinese embassy said. Yam has a third influence group trying to use this issue to slander China. Undermining China-Thailand friendly cooperation in case of police involvement in online gambling The report was released by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) at 11.00 a.m. on March 2. The Director-General revealed the audit of financial trails and network businesses, Lt. Col. Vasawat Mukrasakul, or "Inspector Sua", former Senator of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Office of Transmission and Maintenance, that the case is now progressing at about 40-50 percent, both in terms of auditing nominee companies and misappropriated assets. More and more evidence is found to be linked, and whether it is linked to the generals as it is news. "The next step will be to summon the person to interrogate the financial connection, guaranteeing that there is something good for sure, confirming that this case is not troubling or jammed. I believe that this case has reached the stage of filing charges against Inspector Sua. If he does not acknowledge the allegations, he will issue an arrest warrant, and if he flees the country, he will coordinate his extradition request. The case is worked day and night every day. Brainstorming skilled detectives to help, the case progresses every day. We can confirm that the charges against Inspector Sua and those involved can be filed," the police chief said at the Police Commissioner's Office. Pol. Maj. Gen. Santinatee Prayurarat The Inspector General of Police Division 4, Police Inspectorate, as a spokesperson for the Police Department, revealed the progress of the investigation into online gambling, saying that the case to clarify today was the case of Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong, who gave a useful statement alluding to some police officers that there were acts that were likely to be illegal. Given that many of the complaints that have been filed before have not progressed, first of all, thanks to the deliberate action and trying to see the timeline of the inspector general's work. Police Headquarters In the case of a provincial police commander involved in an offence. The fact-checking committee, which the Police Commissioner, appointed by the Police Commissioner, took 33 days to complete the investigation, and almost all of the complaints were suspected and therefore submitted to the Royal Thai Police through the superiors of each hierarchy for consideration. The police have indicated that they will continue to set up a fact-finding committee to take disciplinary action," the spokesman said, asking about complaints about the promotion of police officers to the rank of police officer in the eastern region who were involved in online gambling. Pol Maj Gen Santi said the issues involving some police officers involved in online gambling and in recent appointments have been escalated. This story originally he had a rank class. He is said to be a Lt. Col., but he was actually an inspector. Being an Inspector has been held since Lt. Col. to Lt. Col. this time around. It may be a misunderstanding to think that it has moved higher. The commander who was called upon was transferred to another location unrelated in the area. The committee is considering further action in relation to the matter. As for the other matters that have been filed in accordance with the time frame and evidence," the police commissioner said. We are currently in the process of inviting the petitioners, including the lawyers of Sidra Bhagavad. Mr. Santhana Prayurarat Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit and Mr. Genius Ruangrattanapong provided the necessary information and will consider whether it is necessary to invite General J. to provide information, but admit that the police know who General J. is, as the society understands, and already has the information of General E. but still needs more information from the petitioner. Request for an extension of 30 days from the original deadline set by the Director-General to be completed within 15 days if the committee delays the process, not only the petitioner who feels delayed. The same may be considered by the board." He said the same day, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Thailand said: In a statement on the chinese news of gray businesses in Thailand, the Chinese government urged Chinese nationals and Chinese enterprises to stay out of the country. Respect, obey laws and customs in the country or inhabited area, and conduct legitimate business as well as give back to the local society, which the Chinese comply with. The Chinese suggest that enterprises based in Thailand make a huge contribution to Thailand's economic development. THEY ARE ALSO INVOLVED IN CHARITABLE WORK, SOMETHING THAT IS EVIDENT AT ALL TIMES," ACCORDING TO A RECENT THAI MEDIA RELEASE. The Chinese side will support the Thai authorities to take action. Legal cases against the wrongdoings of some Chinese nationals in Thailand Related Agencies between China and Thailand There is a close partnership to combat transnational crimes such as online gambling and call center gangs. What needs to be emphasized is that the wrongdoing is only the actions of a certain group of people. It is not the actions of all Chinese people and Chinese enterprises in Thailand," a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in the country. Thailand went on to say that it would be unreasonable to use these issues to oppose economic and trade cooperation. What is to be cautious about is that a third influence group is trying to use this issue to slander China. Undermining China-Thailand friendly cooperation The Chinese side will categorically oppose it and will work with the Thai people to maintain a positive development trend of relations between the two countries. For many years, both countries have helped each other in the face of COVID-19 and overcome adversity together. As a result, the "Chinese-Thai brothers" of the people of both countries has become stronger.
Central investigation raids the house - "Inspector Sua" gambling website Find evidence of rocking property|The Central Bureau of Investigation launched a search operation to search the residence of "Inspector Sua", involved in online gambling, and arrested "Tiny" 1. In the 3 key men of the group "Be to the Group", along with the seizure of property, title deeds, bank account books, luxury cars. Check the source of the progress in case the police intervene in the online gambling table. At 8:00 a.m. on March 3, Lt. Gen. Jiraporn Puridej The Director general with Lt. Gen. Santi Chainiramai Police Sergeant (8) Instruct police officers under the B.C.C., such as the Royal Thai Army, the Royal Thai Army. B.P.S. Army P.P.C. B.C.C. The operation was launched to search more than 63 targeted areas nationwide to inspect various locations related to or linked to Lt. Col. Vasawat Mukrasakul, or "Inspector Sua", former Senator of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, Office of Transmission, who was involved in a bookmaker website. The main target will be the residence of "Inspector Sua" and the location of the companies affiliated with the Group. Most of them are located within Soi Ramintra 5, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok. This is to search for additional evidence, especially transaction documents. Financial routes, including evidence of asset manipulation, are not limited to such points. The officers also searched one key target area, House No. 169/19, Chuan Chuen Village, Tha Raeng Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok, which is the residence of Mr. "Tiny", one of the 3 key men of the "To Group" group. After the investigation information appeared, Mr. Chiu was one of the executive directors of up to 6 affiliated companies divided into 4 active companies, namely As Per Estate Co., Ltd., As Per Exchange Co., Ltd., As Per Exchange Co., Ltd., PTG Co., Ltd. The other 2 companies have declared their dissolution, namely PT Company. Software Buy as Per Group Co., Ltd. and Company as Per Transport Buy Per Group Limited as soon as the authorities arrive. The house was found to be a 2-storey detached house with 2 luxury Mercedes-Benz and Audi cars parked in front of the house. I'm lying in the house. The officer then showed up and asked for a search. Found inside the luxuriously decorated house, decorated with Care Bears dolls and Bearbrick dolls, collectibles are priced. At the bottom, next to the house, is a cat room. There are a full range of pet facilities, in addition, according to the investigation, Mr. Tiny was found. There is an arrest warrant in the case of joining the call center movement to deceive people. In addition, a background check revealed that he had been criminally prosecuted for soliciting prostitution in 2011. Initially, he was arrested and seized property, title deeds, bank books, luxury cars to check exactly where they came from, whether they were related to the money obtained from illegal activities. Police searched targeted areas in several provincial areas across the country to clear and arrest suspects of horse accounts and gambling websites that were linked to or linked to Inspector Sua. After the completion of the operation, the Central Bureau of Investigation will hold a press conference summarizing the official results of the operation this afternoon.
Factory Girl Ng Police blocked the escape line. After the case of the robbers, the room was tampered with. 50,000 gold|Pathum Thani - Factory girl even ng Police Department, Klongluang Police Station Block line escapes contact After questioning the progress of the room robbery case. 50,000 gold snatched, admittedly, feeling very sorry. At 08.00 a.m. on March 3, 2023, Ms. Phonthip Chaiyosol, 35 years old, a factory worker, stayed in the room. In a generosity house 44 km Building 37 complained to reporters to help present the warning news and help follow up on the case that he had visited the investigating officer, Lt. Col. Siroj Namanian, the investigating senator of Khlong Luang Police Station. Klongluang The police officer who received the report said that he would coordinate with the investigation department to find the culprit who committed the crime to continue the legal proceedings, but the case reported has not progressed. The culprit had patrolled several burglaries on similar days and times. People from many areas have shared warning posts on Facebook about whether the culprit is the same culprit. But why can't the police track down criminals and punish them according to the law? BOTH CLOSED CIRCUITS IN MANY AREAS CLEARLY RECORD MORPHOLOGY AND MOTORCYCLES THAT ARE RIDDEN. Ms. Phonthip Chaiyosol said the assailants were dressed in black round-neck shirts. Red jeans and sandals Wear both gold cuffs and a shoulder bag. Pry into their room padlocks and search the room's property. He received gold jewelry and rings weighing 1.75 baht and valued at about 50,000 baht, so he went to file a grievance on January 9, 2023. The police said they would prosecute the case and gathered evidence from nearby closed circuits, but the matter fell silent and they contacted the police again and received a reply that the culprit was wanted by several policemen. Police in many areas Because of the burglary patrol all over the place, he later saw warning posts in various groups about this villain who patrolled the crime scene in many areas, which have very similar morphology that came to tamper with his room in Navanakorn area and in nearby areas, including King Kaew Road, Samut Prakan district. Because criminals are not afraid of the law, they often commit crimes in the daytime. When the factory workers went to work, they now regretted that the police were not interested in their troubles. It doesn't care how much trouble the public is. When he finished his report for a month, he went to the line and asked. Lt. Col. Suchai Saengsong, deputy director of investigation at Khlong Luang Police Station, said that he had checked and inquired to Lt. Col. Siroj Namanian, the investigation commissioner of The Khlong Luang Police Department. Report the progress of the case to the victim, look at the victim like a relative and friend, do not block contact or make the victim unable to contact. If the investigator is busy, contact the victim later.
Cyber police say more than 300 victims lost 100 million|Cyber police spokesman Clarification on the progress of the Forex TRB scam prosecution found more than 300 victims with damages of more than 100 million baht on March 3, 2023. Clarification on the progress of the prosecution of Mr. Tekhun and 5 others who have conspired to persuade several victims to speculate on currency exchange rates. (Forex) through brokerage or FXTRB brokerage as follows the government policy by Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense have given importance and concern to the people from the dangers of scams through social media channels. In particular, scams persuade citizens to venture. Claims to get high returns in no time. He also urged the relevant authorities to continue to investigate and crack down on illegal acts. And seriously to implement government policies and solve technological crimes. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapas, The Chief of Police, and Maj. Gen. Persak Sukvimol, Deputy Chief of Police, who is responsible for the prevention and suppression work, have directed Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn to command. The Director-General of the MINISTRY and related agencies expedite the investigation and expand the search for links in DDY. THE CRACKDOWN ON THE ARREST OF OFFENDERS INVOLVED IN ALL FORMS OF TECHNOLOGICAL CRIMES FOCUSES ON PUBLIC RELATIONS TO RAISE PUBLIC AWARENESS OF NOT BECOMING VICTIMS OF FRAUDSTERS. To date, many victims have been accused of soliciting scammers to speculate on exchange rates on online platforms or websites secure.elitefundgroup.com with brokers or FXTRB brokers who use the victim's money to speculate on currencies. There is an impersonation of an investment expert who, if trading for profit or loss, can be verified by the victim through his or her account. In the beginning, the victim was able to withdraw money normally. Later, around August 2022, unable to withdraw money, it was believed that it had been fraudulent and damaged. Therefore, the complaint was filed through the online police system thaipoliceonline.com to take good action against the accused according to the law, after the investigation revealed that the bank account that accepted the transfer of the victim's money had an unusually large amount of money transferred in and out. Instead, it was used for personal expenses, and the investments of new victims were introduced. Circulate to the old victims. Make you believe that the investment has a real return. Therefore, the 1st Police Department has gathered relevant evidence. File a petition with the court seeking approval to issue an arrest warrant for the accused. On January 17, 2023, 5 police officers were charged with "conspiring to defraud the public and jointly by fraud or deceitful entering into a computer system in which distorted or falsified computer data, in whole or in part, or false computer data, in a manner likely to cause damage to the public". B.S.C. The five suspects were arrested and several items were seized, and the police were subsequently prosecuted until the end of the month. February 23, 2023 1st ed. The prosecution concluded its investigation and ordered the prosecution to file charges against the accused. The Office of Economic Litigation and Resources to consider further legal proceedings, the spokesperson said. B.S.C. He added that he would like to remind the public of the following types of investments: 1. Be careful not to be fooled by such solicitations, often scams in the form of chain shares, should study and understand well before making an investment decision, consider the risks and credibility of entrepreneurs2. Scammers often deceive their victims with the image of a successful business in no time, such as taking photos with luxury vehicles, accommodation, or brands.3. At the initial stage, the victim receives a real return. To persuade them to increase their investment. After not receiving a return, the fraudsters fled with the victim's investment.4. Don't be fooled by easily accessible investments. Get high returns in no time5. Avoid transferring money to others to trade or invest instead, should invest on your own.6. Foreign currency-related transactions must be made only with a person authorized by the Minister of Finance, such as a commercial bank or a securities company. The public can check the list of licensees on the Bank of Thailand's website. (www.bot.or.th)7. In foreign currency transactions. This must be done only with businesses authorized by the Minister of Finance. At present, it has not granted any license to persons or juristic persons who are not commercial banks or securities companies to trade or exchange foreign currency for investment purposes.8. For those who are interested in investing in digital assets You should study the information of companies licensed to operate digital assets from reliable sources such as www.sec.or.th, which is the company's website. SEC etc.SPONSORED9. If damages are suffered in similar cases, gather relevant evidence to file a grievance with the investigating officer for further legal proceedings. B.S.C. Call 1441 or call 02-5044850 24 hours a day or report online at thaipoliceonline.com
The police officer has been deceived by the call center gang for 90 million since the end of 2021.|The victim's representative cried. The police chief was scammed by the call center gang for 90 million baht since the end of 2021, another case of being scammed into investing in a house, buying a condo, closing a credit card, losing 10 million, reported to Sai Mai Police Station, but the police said to think carefully because no one could fault him because he showed the business card of a high-ranking official on March 3, 2023 at the Royal Thai Police Headquarters .... Representatives of dozens of victims Come and submit a request for justice to Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Commander of the Royal Thai Police (Sq.M.) After being threatened by a call center gang to defraud money since 2022, the case has not progressed. Lt. Col. Krishnapong Kanchaikit Deputy Commander, Grievance Division Office of the Police Commissioner The police officer is the representative for the delivery of the letter of Mr. Yoswan Peerapitak. Representatives of the victims It was revealed that since the end of 2021, victims have been scammed by call center gangs. The total amount of damage collected was more than 90 million baht. A total of 166 victims were gathered to file a complaint. The NCPO is the one who made the case. The case was not accepted, citing the order. Sec. 287 and order. The 77th sq.m. was later able to collect more victims than the order ordered. He asked the Royal Thai Police to set up an integrated call center investigation. On March 25, 2022, PCT 5 arrested a call center gang in Cambodia. According to the mayhem plan and the names of the culprits referenced like the cases of more than 50 victims in the group, the police remained silent, did not respond and did nothing to make progress in the case. No action was taken against the victims. The case remains pending at the NPA/NIA, which has limited capacity in complex cases. There is no coordination and no central gathering of information, some of which have been withheld but not coordinated. P.S. To follow the financial path seriouslySPONSORED Mr. Yoswin It also revealed that it was aware that the assets of the call center gang movement had been seized for more than 300 million baht. Therefore, I would like to ask the Police Commissioner to set up a PCT to coordinate all the victims' cases into one case in order to make it easier to expand the results and financial links of horse accounts. In order to bring the seized property back to the victims who suffered, in another case, Mr. Kriangsak Pintusornsri, a lawyer, brought a representative of the victims to request justice with the Police Commissioner to prosecute the Thai Tao capital fraud group. More than 10 people were injured, worth 10 million baht. He said that since mid-2022, the group has been acquainted with credit card debt closure Facebook page. Personal loans to help the poor In the end, it's a temptation to borrow a condo. Buying a house Miss Kwang was deceived about a condo with too much money in order to need money to help 3 friends who wanted to clear their credit card debt. Before persuading him to issue capital, the capitalist closed the debt to customers by offering exaggerated benefits, such as 10 days will give a 5% return, including the total amount of damages that he was deceived by 1.5 million baht. Some of the victims have gone to the police. But the police said to think carefully because no one could fault him because the business cards of high-ranking officials were displayed.
No surprises. Prosecutor Star points to watermelon case, no new evidence Poe-Roberts confesses, no effect|"Star Prosecutor" points to the watermelon case. There is no new evidence, as you are sure. Poe and Robert later reversed their testimony in court. Plead guilty Yan filed charges against defendants 3-6 against the original charges as submitted by the police. In the case of Watermelon, Ms. Pattarathida or Nida Patcharaweerapong, 38, a famous actress, drowned in a speedboat in the Chao Phraya River at 11.30 a.m. on March 3, 2023 at the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor's Office. Asked about the progress of the case, Nonthaburi provincial prosecutor Supaporn Nipawanich said the new witness was presented by Mrs. Panida, Melon's mother. It was revealed yesterday that there was new evidence. The proceedings ranged from the police investigation to the filing of the case. The prosecutor has not yet produced any new evidence in the case of defendants 1 and 2. There is no effect on the case because once the 1st and 2nd defendants have pleaded guilty, the court has the power to decide the case. The court then appointed the 1st and 2nd defendants to hear the verdict on May 10, 2023. The court ordered the prosecutor to separate the case into two parts, namely the 1st and 2nd defendants who had already pleaded guilty. Separated from defendants 3-6 who continued to deny the defence. The prosecution will file charges against defendants 3-6 on March 17, 2023. In the original case, according to the investigating officer who investigated and submitted the statement, Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor Supaporn said that the reversal of the testimony of the 1st and 2nd defendants was not a surprise because there had already been an appointment with both parties to agree to a discussion. It was already being discussed in the proceedings, but yesterday the 1st and 2nd defendants heard the indictment. After listening to the explanation and understanding the true law, he pondered and replaced the confession. THIS IS NOT A SURPRISE OR SURPRISE FOR PROSECUTORS.
191 Attached to the rank of "Police Dog" to "Aira-Colar" K9 to solve the case of The Pinky-Ice Chest.|Commander 191 was awarded the Police Dog Award 2023 on the eve of the establishment of the Police Dog Division, honoring "Aira-Colar", a 4-legged toupe, for supporting the mission to solve the important case "Nong Chom-Ice Chest", on March 3, 2023. Chief Of Staff Presided over the police dog award ceremony for the year 2023 on the day of the establishment of the Police Dog Division. Lt. Col. Pitak Suttikul Deputy Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Chaikrit Pooh Deputy Chief of Staff, Lt. Col. Bodin Phasuk, Police Dog Director, Royal Thai Army, Lt. Col. Withoon Poonpipattanakit, Veterinary Director, Royal Thai Army, Lt. Col. Sundar Malavej, Ph.D., Ph.D. Government Officials He said the Police Dog Division is an agency under the Patrol and Special Operations Division, which was set up to support the police's mission. All police dogs will be trained separately according to the type of use. Search for drugs, collect bombs, demonstrate, assist victims, prove the smell of the medium and other tasks as requested by the police departmentSPONSORED, which police dogs that are trained and used, will have an average working life of 8 years. If you are not afraid of loud noises, you will recover explosives. This year, there was a ceremony to give the rank of "Police Major Dog" and award the police dog and its controller to recognize the importance of the dogs in operation and the dog commanding officer, of which 87 were "IRA". German Shepherd female, black-brown, 3 years and 11 months old, and "Colar". A 5-year-old brown male, Magyarvizla, who is involved in the task of solving the case in finding the culprit in both the pink and ice chest cases. Chief Of Staff say
3 men selling marijuana, robbing tourists, claiming to have been charged |3 young men selling marijuana on Khao San Road arrested for robbing tourists He denied it. Claiming that tourists asked to buy cocaine but they did not have it and would be attacked, they seized a knife in self-defense at 4.30 a.m. on March 3. The Police won the war. Report of a Thai tourist being intoxicated and robbing a foreign tourist's property In front of Tang Hua Seng Department Store Banglamphu Chakkraphong Road, Talad Yod Subdistrict, Phra Nakhon, Bangkok, therefore, reported to the commander before going to check with the police officers to prevent and suppress the crime scene. Mr. Yon Boccdan The victim, a 28-year-old Romanian, testified that he was about to walk to Boonsiri bus station to visit Koh Kood. When they arrived in front of Tang Hua Seng Department Store, three men were intoxicated. The 1st suspect, later known as Mr. Nattawut Awas, 25, a general trading professional, used a sharp knife about 1 foot long to tickle the victim's torso. Mr. Nattapol Boonta, 24, a barber. The 1st accused spoke to the victim to send the money, and fearing the victim handed over the cash to the Thai government. 1,800 baht and 1 Xiaomi mobile phone, priced at about 36,000 baht, while putting the property on the ground, were found by the police and immediately taken into custody. People have denied the robbery allegations, revealing that they came to Khao San Road to sell marijuana to tourists. When walking in front of the mall The foreign man was found to have used his little finger to label his nose, symbolizing whether cocaine was for sale. They said they weren't selling, and then the tourists shouted loudly trying to attack them. He took out a knife to protect himself. The firearm is a broken-caliber Thai gun. Two rounds of no. 20 shotgun ammunition, which were tucked into his waistband, did not draw threats or show them in any way. The tourist suddenly picked up the money and the phone on the floor and the police came. Even though they were drunk, they had urine tests on their bodies. No drugs were found, said Pol. Col. Sanong Saengmanee, director of the Win war police station, that the three accused had denied it, which was their right to testify. Initially, he was charged with robbery and taken to Nang Loeng Police Station because he had not completed the idiom, but praised the police officers who stopped the incident in a timely manner and the villagers who helped to report the incident quickly.
Nonthaburi city police revealed the camera footage in front of the watermelon sedan on the day of the incident.|Lt. Col. Jaturon Anuragpundit, director of the Nonthaburi Police Department, revealed the camera footage in front of the watermelon sedan on the day of the accident, totaling about 1 hour. After Mother Panida I'm confident in this piece of evidence. Clearly recognize the voices of the people in the clip, the epic progress of the famous case. In the case of Watermelon, Ms. Pattarathida or Nida Patcharaweerapong, 38, a famous actress, drowned in a speedboat in the Chao Phraya River at 1:00 p.m. on March 3, 2023. Lt. Col. Jaturon Anuragpundit, director of the Nonthaburi Police Department, about the evidence of watermelon's front camera memory. After Mrs. Panida Sirayuthyothin Melon's mother said in an interview that she had requested a memory card. It was returned to the police and the experts were able to recover some of the deleted data. Lt. Col. Jaturont said that after the watermelon case, the investigators coordinated with the police for proof 1, checked the CCTV camera and memory card in front of the watermelon's car, removed it to prove all the steps before the police forensics 1 will send back the video clip. No voice chat The total length is about 1 hour. The investigators have compiled it into all the expressions. Memory card and front camera body The police didn't need it because they had removed all the footage and handed it back to Melon's mother two months ago.
