title|content
"Isan BCG Expo 2022", a sustainable innovation expo, continues wisdom Create opportunities to expand your business|"Isan BCG Expo 2022", the first sustainable innovation fair in The Northeast in Khon Kaen during 9-12 Dec 2022 Leveraging the strengths of "Creativity, Extension and Sustainability", continuing local wisdom with technology Creating opportunities to expand business across ASEAN on December 9, 2022 Dr. Pichet Durongkaveroj referee Mitr Phol Group and Mr. Gavin Wongkusonkit, Director Khon Kaen Innovation Center (KKIC) joins hands with 50 partner networks Public & Private Sector Organized Isan BCG Expo 2022, the largest sustainable innovation fair in the Isaan region and the first in Thailand. Under the concept of Collaboration : Co-existence and Prosperity to elevate "Isaan" as the center of Thai economic creation to the ASEAN region. The 3 strengths of "Innovate, Expand and Sustain" will continue to build on local culture and wisdom through innovation and technology during 9 - 12 December 2022 at Khon Kaen Innovation CenterSPONSORED. Minister of Finance, Mr. Teerasak Tejayuphan Mayor of Khon Kaen, Dr. Supawan Tiararat, Deputy Director of The Convention and Exhibition Bureau (Public Organization), Mr. Chanchai Sornsrivichai Deputy Governor of Khon Kaen Province, Mr. Ranadol Numnon Deputy Governor, Financial Institutions Stability Bank of Thailand and Mr. Clint Sarasin Senior President Thai Chamber of Commerce and Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce Isan BCG Expo 2022 was held to demonstrate the ability and potential of Isaan to become an economic hub in the ASEAN region. Through the exhibition of biotechnology innovations from research and development from KKIC and its partner agencies, including the private sector. The innovations and technologies on display are ready to be passed on and open to entrepreneurs or investors in Thailand and CLMV countries who are interested in expanding and commercializing production, as well as business matching, which can meet BCG's needs. Fill pitayapaisit The Minister of Finance, who was honored at the event, gave a keynote address on the topic of "Opening Keynote Address", stating that today's event is not just an event, but a recreation of "Khon Kaen City", which is very important because the city that will grow must change to keep up with what is happening in the world. For Isan BCG Expo 2022, this event, whether it is a forum or an expo, is considered to be something that has caused change in Khon Kaen, where Khon Kaen is a city of education and the location of large factories. In terms of infrastructure, it is considered complete and complete. "Khon Kaen" is a city that connects with asean countries. What we said at the meeting of Mekong countries in Lao PDR is to promote trade and investment in the public and private sectors. Food safety by using technology is the strength of this group. The company had to expand its business into the Mekong Group in order to generate investment on both sides. However, the participation of khon kaen community will make a difference to the city and play a role in creativity. As the saying goes, "The city to prosper. To gather the meaning of BCG movement through 5 main activities: Isan BCG Forum 2022, exchange of experiences from more than 80 direct experts from various circles, as well as talk: about the essence of isan. In the 5.0 era, to see the potential of the Northeast. In the modern economy and society, Isan Serng & Sound: The art of conveying music from isan to the core with 4 genres and 4 stages, Isan Gastronomy Experience chefs table with the aesthetic flavor "Isaan vibe" Inspired by the ingredients of the land of birth, 9 national and international chefs create each dish. And the Walking Street Exhibition will find 3 main exhibition zones, Creative Zone, ideas to build on the identity of local wisdom/ Innovative Zone. Isaan Creative Food Innovation Exhibition includes an exhibition that provides knowledge on the restructuring of the manufacturing sector and services to the economy / Green Zone, innovative products, organic farms, designs inspired by the BCG Model, creating opportunities, waste management and waste separation activities, etc., and inviting participants to work together to reduce carbon emissions. By using cloth bags when shopping at the event, supporting community products, and using reusable containers. To promote carbon neutral events. To offset carbon emissions from sponsoredbcg (Bio, Circular, Green Economy) preparations, it is an important strategy for the future of Thailand and the Asian region. Strengthen communities and foundational economies with resource capital. Identity By leveraging the strength of biodiversity and cultural diversity to further enhance the value of the ecosystem of production of goods and services.
SEC and Digital Asset Governance Direction |From the collapse of LUNA and TerraUSD (UST), an algorithmic stablecoin or digital coin that has fixed its value using algorithms, the bankruptcy of hedge funds that invest in digital assets such as 3 Arrow Capital and digital asset depository and lending platform provider Celsius, which has affected business customers in Thailand, to the collapse of digital asset trading platform FTX, the world's largest provider, and the problem of lack of effective management and control. In recent years, regulators in countries such as Singapore, the UK and Japan have announced guidelines for regulating digital assets. It considers the potential of Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), the technology behind digital coins, as well as the hedging approach. In the past, regulators enforced disclosure rules to crack down on illegal activities related to advertising digital assets that are deceptive or misleading in Singapore. SPONSOREDMonetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) has a policy of not supporting cryptocurrency speculation but does not block technological development (Yes to Digital Asset Innovation, No to Cryptocurrency Speculation) with the idea of developing a digital asset ecosystem and leveraging DLT technology. Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing(2) Technology & Cyber Management Services(3) Hedging for Retail Investors(4) Maintaining stablecoin(5) Reducing potential financial stability risks MAS recently opened a public consultation on the business guidelines relating to digital assets, covering these five risk areas (published October 2022). UK Ministry of Finance Recognizing the risks that the digital asset industry does not have proper oversight, such as mis-selling, false advertising, fraud, etc., the idea is to improve the Financial Services and Markets Bill to empower the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to regulate activities related to digital assets, which will enable the FCA to effectively protect investors. The criteria proposed by the FCA cover issues such as(1) Limiting the digital asset business of foreign service providers(2) Bankruptcy Service Provider Case Management(3) Restrictions on cryptocurrency-related advertising are expected to continue in 2023 (according to an article in the Financial Times). In the past, the Financial Services Agency (FSA) enacted legislation for the regulation of stablecoins after the collapse of the UST, requiring stablecoin issuers to be authorized banks, trusts, or fund transfer service providers and to comply with the criteria set by the FSA, including the capital requirements of stablecoin providers. This is misleading and does not disclose information in accordance with consumer protection guidelines. This is partly related to the FTX case, in which investors have sued FTX for misaligned advertising and incomplete disclosure, where many digital asset providers have recently invested money in advertising by hiring celebrities and athletes to solicit investments. WITHOUT DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPONSORED GUIDELINES. The U.S. SEC recently imposed a law enforcement action against a reality TV star. In the case of illegally and inappropriately promoting a digital asset (which is considered to be a U.S. legal securities) through its Instagram, the person agrees to pay a fine of more than one million US dollars (according to an article in Bloomberg). The regulation of digital assets is governed by the Digital Asset Business Decree B.E. 2561 (2018). Digital Assets) Currently, the development of digital assets has progressed by leaps and bounds from 2018, when the law came into force, and its use patterns involve many industries, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Therefore, it is in the process of improving the regulation of digital assets. A working group consisting of relevant government agencies and the private sector has been set up. In addition, the SEC has been monitoring and monitoring new risks that may arise and to update the regulatory rules accordingly with the approval of the Board of Directors. The SEC has to enhance the protection of service users in many aspects, such as the preservation of the assets of service users. Advertising and promotion of business operators Prevention of conflicts of interest, cybersecurity, etc. THE ABOVE ACTIONS ARE IN LINE WITH THE SUPERVISION OF FOREIGN AND INTERNATIONAL REGULATORSSPONSORED ARTICLES BY FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY PROMOTION DEPARTMENT. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
Gold price today, 10 December 2022, opened the market on constitution morning, increased by 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" On Saturday morning, December 10, the price increased by 50 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 29,550 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,050 baht per baht. On December 10, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.25 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,450 baht per baht. Sold out thb 29,550 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,925.28 baht per baht. Sold out baht 30,050 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,725 baht Sell out 14,775 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,462.64 baht Sell out 15,025 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,362.5 Baht Sell Out 7,387.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,231.32 Baht Sell Out 7,512.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slung Gold Bar 1/2 Slung Buy 3,681.25 Baht Sell Out 3,693.75 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,615.66 Baht Sell Out 3,756.25 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Cinema and popcorn go hand in hand, but this year 65, "Major" sold 2,500 million popcorn.|"There's nothing as serious as COVID." Vicha Poonworlak Chief Executive Officer, Major Cineplex Group Public Company Limited or MAJOR joked at a press conference in which he brought Wisarut Poonworlak, Director of Major Co., Ltd. Cineplex Group Public Company Limited The second generation of executives also came to talk to us if we go back to the COVID period. Cinemas, or as we like to call them, had to close because of lockdown measures. When it reopened, it wasn't as well received as it should have been. He said that cinema has been transformed in the past. From the transition from film to the digital age The disruption of online streaming until COVID, which in 2020 had to close cinemas. Major earns money by selling popcorn through food delivery platforms. Even in that year, the turnover was 527 million baht. It's the first time since entering the stock market, but we're starting to see opportunities in a crisis: "We didn't think popcorn would make so much money for a major. In '63, we sold popcorn through food delivery, earning only tens of thousands, but today we sell more than 1 million baht a day of popcorn. It is sold in convenience stores like 7-Eleven. Modern Trade department store after Major invested in Tao Kaenoi Food and Marketing Public Company Limited or TKN with a 10.12% stake and was the 3rd shareholder. Of course, we have seen "Popcorn Major" Go Inter as well"This year, we expect popcorn to generate about 2,500 million baht in revenue, and in 2023, it will generate more than 5,000 million in sales, divided into 40% in front of cinemas and 60% outside the cinema. We aim to achieve 50% of the domestic market share by screening an average of 2 Thai films per month or 20 films per year in order to push Thailand to become the King of Content Hub. The technology is available at Paragon Cineplex, Icon Cineconic, and will expand one new IMAX branch with IMAX with laser projection at Mega Cineplex, as well as the creation of a new ScreenX PLF in Premium Large Format at Paragon Cineplex. Cineplex will be able to provide viewers with a unique experience that combines the real world and the metaverse, both in theaters and at special events, where viewers will be able to meet and greet virtual 3D holograms, send live signals to the screen from anywhere in the world, and have full interactive functionality such as motion sensors. In 2023, we are preparing to expand as many as 13 cinemas to 49 theaters with an investment budget of approximately 600 million baht, which is a big investment in 3 years since COVID. 3 more branches, 40 lanes and 30 karaoke rooms will be available for moviegoers to see us at One Bangkok - CENTRAL WEST VILLE RATCHAPHRUEK - ROBINSON CHALONG - LOTUS NAKHON NAYOK, SA KAEO, NARATHIWAT, PATTANI - BIG C BANGBON, SARABURI, YALA - HYPER MARKET 2 BRANCHES - STANDALONE AT PHUKET SPONSORED NOW Major Cineplex has a total of 180 cinema branches at the end of 2022, including 839 blue o rhythm and bowling branches, 800 branches in Bangkok and vicinity, 346 branches in upcountry, 128 branches in 454 branches, 8 branches abroad, 39 theaters, 8,449 seats, 3 branches in Laos, 13 branches in Cambodia, 5 branches and 26 theaters. costume It is a soft power comparable to South Korea, which has become the role model of the global entertainment industry. This will eventually bring income back to Thailand. Build the economy "We believe that in 2023, Major will return 10 billion baht in revenue as before COVID, with the proportion of popcorn sales being about 5 billion and movie ticket sales of about 5 billion." SPONSORED Author : Kamolthip Hiranprasertsuk kamonthip.h@thairathonline.co.th Graphic : Jutaphun Sooksamphun
Products nationwide are priced down, pigs and chickens are coming to market.|Capt. Chakra Yodmanee Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade It said it had tracked prices for the first week of the month. December 2022 compared to December 2022 The average price of red meat pork nationwide is 163-200 baht per kilogram, 65-95 baht per kilogram of chicken with hips, and 3 eggs at 3.1-4.1 baht per kilogram. Many retail and wholesale stores and fresh markets sell cheap products such as Makro, which sells pork and red meat. 163 baht per kg. 74 baht per kg. The 3 eggs are 3.8 baht per kg, while the fresh market in Bangkok and vicinity sells the cheapest red meat pork at ThanPetchnon Market. 175 baht per kg. 70 baht per kg and the number 3 chicken egg is cheapest at Pran Nok Market. The price decreased by an average of 1-9%, especially in department stores, where there are discount promotions such as oil, 1 liter bottle of palm oil, 47 baht for sale at Makro. Big C and CJ Express, Soybean Oil 62 Baht per bottle sold at Makro, Milk powder 550- 600 grams 202 Baht per box sold at CJ Express, etc. Chemical fertilizers also continued to decline in line with a decline in global energy prices, with urea fertilizers falling by another 20%.
TOA holds hands at tent stand 3D painting project to reduce car accidents and wildlife collisions|TOA Handshake Camping spots, 3D painting projects to help reduce car accidents and wildlife collisions Pilot at Khao Yai National Park Mr. Nantapol Boonlao Marketing Director TOA Paint (Thailand) Public Company Limited (TOA) said that due to the loss of wild animals in car accidents in Khao Yai National Park, TOA, as a private sector and an expert in color and color innovation, has collaborated with tent sites and Khao Yai National Park to create a tent project. Paint the streets with 3D paintings. We offer the highest quality color systems tested by technical experts. Using the highest quality primer, TOA ExtraWet, a highly damp-resistant primer with special resin properties, breathes and wicks moisture at all times, free from bulging problems. Even in extreme weather and humidity conditions, it is very suitable for the area around Khao Yai National Park. Together with TOA ROOF PAINT, concrete floor paint is made from 100% pure acrylic, and we expect the following 3D paintings to save wildlife from accidents and negligence. On the road, it is considered to help conserve nature to return to sustainable equilibrium. The founder of The Tent Point Group said that the project was started by participating in nature conservation activities in various parks, and over the years, there has always been depressing and disturbing news: the presence of a large number of wild animals, ranging from small and large animals, such as pheasants. Snakes, monkeys, deer, geng, leopard cats, bulls, tigers and elephants are sacrificed for life in a car crash in an area where a road cuts through the park or wildlife sanctuary. Therefore, the initiative was initiated by the tent project. Painting the streets by using realistic 3D painting to make cars traveling on the roads of the park area more careful. It hopes to reduce the loss of wildlife from car crashes and pilots the first trial study at Khao Yai National Park with artists who illustrate from little water. - Priyasri Promjinda designed this 3D painting for the main idea is to use the wildlife reserve in the park area to make 3D drawings on the road so that commuters can use the route at that point more carefully. Huai Hong Thong The head of Khao Yai National Park said the Khao Yai National Park has an area of nearly 2,168 square kilometers. Covering 4 provinces: Saraburi, Nakhon Ratchasima, Prachinburi and Nakhon Nayok, it is known as a large house of important living creatures. It is also one of the most abundant wildlife conservation areas in Thailand. Due to its habitat and food source, it is suitable for almost all tropical wildlife, such as Asian elephants, bison, white-handed gibbons, crowned gibbons, wild deer. Hornbill More than 280 species of birds, including insects and many reptiles, have been affected by the loss of wildlife from frequent accidents. By using 3D paintings, this illusion is likely to benefit wildlife.
Gold price today, 12 Dec 2022, opened Monday morning, fluctuated 2 times.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opens Monday morning, Dec. 12. Adjusted 2 times for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 29,500 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,000 baht per baht. On December 12, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.24 a.m. did not move. At 10.15 a.m., a 50-baht discount resulted in "gold bullion" being purchased at 29,400 baht per baht. Sell out thb 29,500 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,864.64 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,000 Today's gold price is 2 pieces or 50 satang, 2 pieces of gold bullion buy 14,700 baht, sell out 14,750 baht, gold jewelry 2 shillings, buy 14,432.32 baht, sell out 15,000 baht. Gold price today 1 ounce gold bullion buy 7,350 baht Sell out 7,375 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,216.16 baht Sell out 7,500 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,675 Baht Sell Out 3,687.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,608.08 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht However, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
ZEN launches year-end promotion, confident to close 2022, revenue reaches 3,400 million as target|ZEN Group presses year-end marketing strategy Send all brands to release the finisher to stimulate sales, confident to close the year 65, revenue reaches 3,400 million Ms. Mayuree Painter, Deputy Chief Marketing Officer ZEN Corporation Group Public Company Limited (ZEN) said that the overall food business has been growing steadily since mid-2022, especially the revenue generated from dine-in has grown by more than 80% year-on-year. Molding marketing activities of all brands at the end of the year Focus on providing customers with engagement through the best meal experience while leveraging the strengths of each brand to increase business opportunities to cover all consumer needs. Ensure that every campaign of each brand pushed out will be able to generate sales and revenue growth as targeted. 3,400 million baht starting with ZEN Restaurant or ZEN Secondary restaurant that targets families, workers, and brand awareness to create more brand recognition. WITH ZEN CONCEPT, A SIMPLE NAME, BUT WITH THE LATEST PREMIUM QUALITY. Zen Restaurant also draws on its strengths in meticulousness in cooking that meets authentic Japanese principles. Blending traditional Japanese beliefs, create 4 new dishes at the end of the year. Senkaidang Mori Sushi, Kaizen Sushi Overload, Spider Bomb Maki and Salmon Avocado Tartare Under the name "Lucky MakiOn the Table", a Tokyo café-style restaurant. Promote marketing strategies from consumer insights In character marketing format Launch To create a social connection and brand recall, as well as create a brand image that creates happiness on the dining table according to the concept of Happiness is On the Table. The first call lab with the famous craft donut brand Drop by Dough with two new flavors of donuts, caramel biscuits and strawberry yogurt white shocks, based on the character of the table, JANG AKA or AKA, continues to focus on creating comprehensive brand recognition across all communication channels, revealing the value of price and quality ingredients of more than 90 dishes, consumer fanaticism and addiction to grilling methods, and a grilling identity that adds to the charm of special flavors. The company focuses on creating brand engagement to reach more and more consumers continuously and can also hold the top of mind position with customers as well. Vietnamese and Isaan food brands, the original Nakhon Phanom edition, highlight the outstanding quality ingredients That has adjusted the brand look to meet the needs of the new generation and working people In the concept of Tiger Meat, including the launch of a new series of menus And also a new facelift in the atmosphere suitable for socializing On the occasion of the New Year's Eve festival through the Khiang or Cutting Board brand and 1376 Delivery Whether at a New Year's party or a year-end meeting, you can order a menu in a butcher shop. Zen GROUP plans to launch corporate gift vouchers to cover spending from 3 brands. Zen Restaurant, On the Table and Aka Yakiniku for customers to choose their choice under the name Zen Group Voucher are ready to enter the B2B and B2C markets by focusing on selling through LINE OA Zen Group channel during the festive season. Return profit to general customers and corporate customers, available from December 15, 2022 onwards"Every campaign of every brand that has occurred will definitely attract customers to use the service. We also go home with good luck at the end of the year that our store intends to give to all our customers during the New Year's Eve festivities."
NSL Foods delivers "Rice Sticks" Meet the new generation Savory At an affordable price.|NSL Foods develops "rice bars" The rice version is easy to eat. Meet the new generation Savory Ready to make flagship store at Siam Square Aiming to expand according to the office and BTS station Mr. Somchai Asavapiyanon Managing Director NSL Foods Public Company Limited (NSL) said that after developing hot sandwiches that are sold in convenience stores, it has become popular with the new generation who have a hectic lifestyle and want to make the most of their time. No need to pour. No need to mix, but forming steamed rice into sticks with filling in the middle, can be eaten in one hand for convenience during times of hustle, with a total of 18 sweet and savory dishes suitable for children and adults at a price of 29 baht. e.g. chicken basil rice, pork fried rice, garlic chicken rice, grilled pork sticky rice, pork larb sticky rice. As for the dessert rice bars, we use Thai fusion style snacks such as sticky rice with durian coconut milk, glutinous rice with cane sugar, glutinous rice with taro ginkgo, sticky rice with corn cream soup, etc. Bright said.  They are unique, dedicated to living life to the fullest and have clear goals. It represents a new generation of people who have a hectic lifestyle but still want to eat quality food at each meal. We also built the first flagship store under the name Rice Bar by NSL at Siam Square One because it is the branch that reflects the personality of rice bars the most comprehensively. The design of the restaurant is open-air and the entire interior of the food storage area and kitchen zone. In order for consumers to be assured of the cleanliness of the store and the quality of the products that meet reliable standards, this first branch will be a model for other branches. In the future, this may be adjusted according to the suitability of the area, aiming to expand to BTS stations, office buildings, as well as vending machines in the community.
The Thai stock market reigns. DJSI shares are the highest in ASEAN 9 times, reflecting the sustainability of the business.|Thai stock market shows sustainability The stock was ranked in the DJSI for the most 9 consecutive years. Ensuring foreign funds Mr. Bhakar Pitawatchai, Director and Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand It was revealed that Thai listed companies (PLC) continue to have outstanding sustainability developments at the international level in 2022. 26 companies have been selected as members of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI): ADVANC, AOT, BANPU, BDMS, BJC, BTS, CPALL, CPF, CPN, CRC, DELTA, EGCO, GPSC, HMPRO, IRPC, IVL, KBANK, MINT, PTT, PTTGC, SCB, SCC, SCGP, TOP, TRUE and TU. Received the highest selection in ASEAN for the 9th consecutive year. Thai Co., Ltd. is committed to the importance of balanced business operations for both business and society. Driving the Thai capital market towards sustainability (Sustainable Capital Market) is a mission that SET attaches importance to by encouraging investors to realize the importance of sustainable investment. SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS OPERATIONS, WHICH WILL REFLECT THE TRUE VALUE OF THE BUSINESS TO GROW IN A BALANCED MANNER. Thai companies have been invited to participate in international sustainability assessments from MSCI, FTSE and S&P Global. S&P Global found that 26 Thai companies were selected for the index, the highest number in ASEAN for the ninth consecutive year, while the FTSE4Good Index and MSCI ESG Universal Index had 40 and 42 companies in the index, respectively, which is also the highest number in ASEAN. It reflects the company's commitment and importance. In the past, SET has prepared the company to move into an international index to create attractive investments, including linking ESG information of global sustainability performance assessors. Sustainability Rating Agencies allow Thai investors to track information conveniently. The announcement of djsi group members will be effective from 19 December 2022 onwards.
Giants of "ASEAN" 26 Thai listed companies named "Dow Jones"|SET revealed that 26 Thai listed companies (SET) have continued to have outstanding sustainability developments internationally this year. Received the highest selection in ASEAN for the 9th consecutive year. Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand S&P Global revealed that 26 Thai listed companies were selected for the 2022 Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), the highest number in ASEAN. Meanwhile, the FTSE4Good Index and MSCI ESG Universal Index have 40 and 42 companies in the index respectively, which is the highest number in ASEAN as well. In the past, SET has prepared the company to move to the international index, including linking ESG information of global sustainability performance assessors. Sustainability Rating Agencies allow Thai investors to track information conveniently. In the past, Thai companies were invited to participate in international sustainability assessments from MSCI, FTSE and S&P GlobalSPONSORED"Business operations taking into account the environment, society and good governance (ESG). The continued increase in the number of Thai companies being selected as members of DJSI reflects that the business places importance on both generating good performance along with ESG operations. Companies that have adapted to work In addition to making a positive impact on the business itself, it also increases the attractiveness of the Thai capital market. The 26 companies selected as members of the DJSI Sustainability Index are ADVANC, AOT, BANPU, BDMS, BJC, BTS, CPALL, CPF, CPN, CRC, DELTA, EGCO, GPSC, HMPRO, IRPC, IVL, KBANK, MINT, PTT, PTTGC, SCB, SCC, SCGP, TOP, TRUE, and TU.
"Solar Therefore Prosperous" Khen TIS Electric Vehicle|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry The Office of Industrial Product Standards (TIS) has issued a notification on the Industrial Product Standard (TIS) S, which is the TIS that is given to SMEs regarding electric vehicles in the amount of 2 TIS, namely, electric vehicle modification services and electric motorcycle modification services to support the standards of SMEs and community enterprises (OTOP). Electric vehicle modification services can also create opportunities for business growth in combustion vehicle modification to electric vehicles"For TIS standards, electric vehicle modification service and TIS electric motorcycle modification service at TIS. Established as TIS specifically for SMEs, covering vehicle modification services to be able to use electric motors only as power generators used for driving, but not including testing services, inspection services. Certificate Issuance Service THE STABILITY OF THE VEHICLE AND ITS FITTINGS OR EQUIPMENT AND THE SERVICE OF APPLYING FOR PERMISSION TO USE THE VEHICLE AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW ON MOTOR VEHICLES AND THE LAW ON LAND TRANSPORT.
66 New Year's gifts to be delivered for another 6 months|Mr. Chainarong Kachapanan, Manager of The Student Loan Fund Revealed that the Board of Directors K.E.S. Resolved to extend the debt reduction measure period for another 6 months to end on June 30, 2023. It was originally ended on December 31, 2022 as a New Year's gift to borrowers of the Fund, as well as to help and provide opportunities for borrowers affected by COVID. There are more options for installment payments. For more information, please visit www.studentloan.or.th and check the payment amount at THE CONNECT application for details of debt reduction measures such as reducing the interest rate on loans from 1% per annum to 0.01% per annum. For borrowers who are in the process of repaying their funds and have never defaulted on their debts, and a 5% reduction in principal for borrowers who have never defaulted and want to close their accounts at once, an 80% penalty reduction for borrowers who have not yet been prosecuted, who have paid all outstanding debts to normal or unpaid status, etc. As for the latest status of the fund, it provides educational opportunities for students. More than 6.4 million students have taken out loans of over 700 billion baht.
"NBTC" dreams of tightening the OTT care area.|Mr. Bhumisit Mahavessiri Deputy Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) The new telecommunications market is driven by the evolution of OTT (Over the Top) services, which are internet-based services such as Lazada, Uber, Airbnb, Airbnb, Andhra Pradesh Google maps 2.OTT communication types such as LINE, Facebook, Whatsapp and 3.OTT tv forwarding types such as Netflix, YouTube, Viu, WeTV, Disney+"OTT service providers have a huge amount of data transmission running through the Internet network, especially OTT TV services that provide video streaming. Currently, OTT is beyond the control of the NBTC, but the NBTC is studying how to regulate it." The Electronic Transactions Development Agency (ETA) ranked the top 10 OTT providers for audiovisual streaming services in Thailand in 2020. YouTube, Netflix, Line TV, JOOX, and OTT TV market value in Thailand showed total revenue in 2019 of U.S. $80 million (2,700 million baht) and increased to U.S. $401 million (14 billion baht) in 2020, with an expected increase to U.S. $877 million (30 billion baht) in 2025. IT IS LIKELY TO INCREASE TO 2.1 MILLION IN 2023, OR 18.8% FROM 1.3 MILLION IN 2019.
The Treasury collects "token" taxes for convenience.|Mr. Laworn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department He said the department is currently preparing to issue an announcement to classify tokens, which are one of the digital assets. In order to facilitate taxation for those who earn from tokens, as well as to eliminate the ambiguity of token types because there are many different types of tokens, some types of tokens may not need to pay VAT (VAT) because they are classified as assets that do not have to be vat, but some types are subject to vat. "Investing in digital assets is new to Thailand, many people think that all tokens are the same, but the fact that tokens can be used for many things, tokens do not have one form, so they must be defined for clarity, such as bringing tokens to trade like stocks, taxing like stocks, taking tokens to issue debentures, having the same tax as debentures, etc.," the reporter reported in March 2022. Cabinet approves crypto tax measures to ease tax burden for trading digital assets With the exception of cryptocurrency transactions on digital asset exchanges authorized by Minister of Finance and Transfer of Cryptocurrencies Issued by the Bank of Thailand (BOT)
Oil fund debt clearing pushes Thai oil prices up against the world|A on. Global oil prices fell, and the fund accelerated the clearing of 120 billion baht of debt. The price of all types of gasoline and diesel has risen against the global market. latest Diesel storage 5.82 baht per liter Clearly, diesel prices have not been reduced from the ceiling of 34.94 baht per litre, the reporter said. As a result, the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund (ABF) gradually collected more remittances to the fund of all types of oil, especially diesel. Currently, it charges up to 5.82 baht per liter. For gasoline, both gasohol 95 and gasohol 91 are charged at 2.30 baht per liter. Gasohol E20 and E85 are stored at 0.51 baht per liter. As a result, oil funds began to increase in cash inflows. This will help reduce the debt burden, which currently has a net position of negative oil fund of 120 billion baht, to an oil account of negative 87 billion baht. Lpg account negative 44,000 million baht. During the energy price crisis, oil funds had to subsidize fuel, especially diesel, which in the first phase was pegged at no more than 30 baht per liter. And later, it was increased to no more than 35 baht per liter. Although the oil fund now demands more than 5 baht per litre of money from diesel users to accumulate in the oil fund. But it has not been able to reduce retail prices for the public. The price is pegged at 35 baht per litre. Because it is necessary to accelerate the accumulation of money to reduce the debt burden first. IN ADDITION TO SPONSORED, THERE IS CURRENTLY A REDUCTION IN EXCISE TAX ON DIESEL FUEL BY 5 BAHT PER LITRE AND WILL END ON 20 JANUARY 2023. Without such a tax, the price would remain at 35 baht per liter. During the decline in global oil prices. The BANK has managed to collect money from the public to accumulate in the oil fund, except for LPG, where the oil fund still subsidizes at 9.72 baht per kilogram (kg), but it is considered to be decreasing from the previous period when the subsidy was up to 10 baht per kilogram. However, the COMPANY will closely monitor global oil prices. If the price continues to weaken, it will consider reducing the retail price of diesel. However, during this period, it is not possible to reduce the retail price of petrol in the country. In addition to collecting oil fund savings to reduce debt burden, oil prices in the global market remain highly volatile due to the European Union (EU) winter season. Canada's TC Energy also closed the leak of the Keystone oil pipeline, a pipeline to the U.S. Gulf Coast and Midwest. Meanwhile, China's oil demand is likely to increase. After the easing of COVID-19 control measures, these factors may put pressure on the price of oil to rise further for the price of ethanol, which rose to 29.99 baht per liter on December 1, 2022, the Ministry of Energy closely monitored.
Sam Bankman-Fried, founder of FTX, a bankrupt crypto trading board, has been captured in the Bahamas.|Sam Bankman-Fried, founder of FTX, a bankrupt crypto trading board, has been captured in the Bahamas. After U.S. prosecutors in the Southern District of New York filed criminal charges, the U.S. attorney general filed a criminal complaint. He is currently in the process of being extradited to the U.S. on Dec. 12, 2022. The Bahamas Attorney General's Office has reportedly arrested Sam Bankman-Fried, founder and former CEO of global cryptocurrency exchange FTX, which went bankrupt in the wake of the liquidity crisis, at the request of the U.S. government. After the U.S. Attorney's Office in southern New York filed a criminal case that is currently in the process of being extradited to the U.S. pursuant to an extradition treaty, the U.S. has been granted extradition proceedings. On charges related to criminal offences in both countriesSam Bankman-Fried He was arrested at his apartment on Monday evening and is scheduled to appear in court today (Dec. 13), which took place before congressional hearing Philip Davis. The Bahamas Prime Minister said that both the Bahamas and the United States have a stake in holding FTX accountable for affecting public trust and violating the law.
T Leasing Motorcycle market forecast for 2023 growth of 2% with sales of 1.7 million units|T Leasing The motorcycle market is expected to grow by 2% in 2022, with average sales of 1.7 million units, with a target of 3.7 billion baht in leasing loans, up more than 7% on December 13, 2022. Managing Director of T Leasing Co., Ltd. said that after the recent easing of COVID measures, the country's economic direction has started to pick up. This has resulted in a positive impact on all sectors, including the motorcycle distribution sector. In the past half year, more than 900,000 units have been sold, an increase of 4% from the same period last year, and it is expected that the total motorcycle sales in 2022 will be approximately 1.7 million units in the T Leasing segment. The remaining 3 months of the year are expected to release approximately 945 million baht. In addition, the leasing will be approximately 3,450 million baht. THIS IS IN LINE WITH THE TARGETS SET FOR THE ECONOMIC OUTLOOK FOR 2023, ACCORDING TO THE FISCAL OFFICE'S FORECASTS. The Thai economy will expand at an accelerated pace of 3.8% due to the continued recovery of the tourism sector and the easing of inflation. As a result, foundation workers have more purchasing power. Therefore, the company aims to lend about 3.7 billion baht next year, growing by more than 7%, mainly motorcycle hire purchase loans, with major markets in Bangkok and vicinity. There is also a policy to expand the business to other types of loans so that the company has a wider range of products. Personal loans are medical device leasing loans, which are well oriented, available to doctors, both as juristic persons and individuals. There are types of medical devices available such as dialysis machines, dental chairs, x-ray machines, ultrasound machines.
Gold price today last 13 Dec 2022 Open morning Price 100 items sold out 29,900 |"Today's Gold Price" Open on Tuesday morning, December 13, 2022, the price decreased by 100 baht for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 29,400 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 29,900 baht on December 13, 2022. 30 p.m. Gold price decreased by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,300 baht, selling out 29,400 baht, "gold jewelry" buying 28,773.68 baht, selling out 29,900 baht, gold price today 2 shillings, 50 satangs, 2 gold bars, buying 14,650 baht, selling out 14,700 baht, gold jewelry 2 shillings, buying 14,386.84 baht, selling out 14,950 baht, gold bullion 1 shilling, buying 7,325 baht, selling out 7,350 baht, gold 1 shilling, buying 7,193.42 baht, selling out 7,475 baht, gold price today 1/2 slueng, buying 3,662.5 baht. Sell out 3,675 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 shilling Buy 3,596.71 baht Sell out 3,737.5 baht However, the price does not include gold. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Petrol price today 12 Dec 2022 Updated price from 4 pumps.|"Oil Prices Today" 12 Dec 2022 Check the price of all types of petrol, gasoline, sohol, diesel Updated from 4 gas stations Latest price of how many baht per liter on 12 December 2022 Reporter reports on oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.15 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 33.88 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht/liter. 24 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.39 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter High diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter High Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 39.64 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.88 Baht/liter OF High Diesel B20 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.88 Baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.88 Baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85S at 32.88 Baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85S EVO at 32.39 Baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 34.94 Baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.66 Baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 39.64 Baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.56 Baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.15 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 33.88 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.88 Baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 32.24 Baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.88 Baht/liter39 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 34.18 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 34.45 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 41.94 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell Fusesave Diesel B7 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter, Extra Gasohol E20 is at 32.54 baht/liter, Extra Gasohol 91 is at 34.18 baht/liter, Super Gasohol 95 is at 34.45 baht/liter, Diesel B7 is at 35.54 baht/liter, Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 41.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter.
Binance brushes off money laundering and retaliates against Reuters after U.S. authorities filed criminal charges|Binance says he is not a money launderer and retaliates against Reuters after hitting the U.S. Department of Justice news Binance published a twitter message about the leaked information that the U.S. Department of Justice is preparing to prosecute for money laundering, saying Reuters had spread false information and was attacking binance's legal team in a statement. The report, published by Reuters, is a report on the U.S. authorities' 2018 investigation into Binance over illegal money transfers, conspiring and assisting in money laundering against perpetrators. THERE HAVE ALSO BEEN VIOLATIONS OF THE U.S. BANKING SECRECY ACT, BUT U.S. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS STILL HAVE DIFFERENT OPINIONS ON WHETHER TO CONTINUE THE INVESTIGATION. It also needs more time to review the evidence. 
Power Buy operates 4 standalone branches in the East. Sales are expected to grow by 20%.|Power Buy Chu Model Standalone focuses on targeting customers in communities of each province and aims to grow sales by 20% in the Eastern Region. The President of Power Buy Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Central Retail Corporation Co., Ltd. (CRC), said that in Q4/22, Power Buy continued to dominate the market in the Eastern Region with the rebranding of the standalone model in 3 branches in the Eastern region, namely Chonburi, Pattaya and Chanthaburi, and 1 branch in Lopburi Province. Because we mainly focus on targeting customers in the community. In addition, the company has always focused on changing the lifestyle of customers. We have studied the actual needs of customers in order to adapt to the product offering as well as services that will meet the lifestyle of consumers in each area. Modern consumers prefer to shop near their homes, easy to get around, and convenient parking. The standalone model elevates Power Buy to be the largest electronic destination in the East. We are ready to serve technology to all Thais in the community to their doorstep, so that all Thais can access technology more easily. With more than 15,000 products available in a wide range of products, including electronics, gadgets, IT and electronics, sponsored products are available in a wider range of rentals, from affordable prices to premium innovative products. All generations also facilitate travel. The location is on the main roads of each area. There is ample parking, which ensures that all customers will be impressed when shopping at Power Buy because it is convenient, complete, all in one place. Mr. Worawut also said that we see potential and business growth in the East. The demand for purchases is high, so we are constantly expanding in this region. At present, there are 20 branches in the Eastern Region, 3 of which are standalone branches for Chonburi, which is the second largest province in the Company to invest in opening branches after Bangkok, with 11 branches. It is equipped with a comprehensive transportation infrastructure, including high-speed trains. Connecting 3 airports The double-track railway connects 3 ports and the Bangkok-Pattaya-Rayong motorway is considered one of the logistics hubs of Thailand. It also has a large population. Tourism Growth "Power Buy Model Standalone 4 branches namely Chonburi, Pattaya, Chanthaburi and Lopburi will be able to connect with the lifestyle and win the hearts of customers in the area and ensure that it will increase traffic to the branches and increase sales by 20%".
LINE MAN Wongnai acquires Foodpanda in Thailand |Unicorn startup LINE MAN Wongnai will acquire Foodpanda in Thailand from Delivery Hero Group after plans to enter the Stock Exchange of Thailand. In the coming years, Bloomberg news agency reported that unicorn startup LINE MAN Wongnai is in talks to acquire foodpanda, a food delivery platform in Thailand, from Delivery Hero Group, in line with plans to raise funds to sell its IPO shares to be listed on the stock exchange in the near future. It is the second largest economy in Southeast Asia and in the food market. Grab and Foodpanda are the largest competitors, with Foodpanda being the first food delivery platform in Thailand to cover more than 77 provinces. This is partly because Delivery Hero is also planning to make a profit in 2023, according to Bloomberg.
Thai Shopping Center Association appoints "Chanawat Auawattanasakul" as president of the association|On December 13, 2022, the Thai Shopping Center Association (TSCA) announced its vision to create a sustainable and strong ecosystem and fully promote its role in driving the economy and the nation. The association's members have a common goal to improve the quality of life and create economic impact at all levels, from SMEs, logistics management systems, construction industry, goods and services manufacturing industry, to related raw material sources. Shopping centers are a strong platform, creating employment for over 2.4 million people. Create wealth distribution trades With more than 120,000 merchants and SMEs, creating a circular economy of 750,000 million baht per year and pushing Thai shopping centers to become global tourism destinations. Government policy to promote qualitative tourism More than double shopping per head (from 1,200 baht per head to 3,000 baht) from shopping in shopping centers, which can be expanded in the business ecosystem by 3 more, both outsource stores and transportation- Recovery with synergy Continue to strengthen the members of shopping centers to restore business after the crisis together with measures to cope with the volatility of the global economy. The first challenge that was urgently discussed with the Committee was the recovery of business and the economy as a whole after the COVID crisis, where the shopping center sector lost revenue and invested nearly 200 billion baht in aid to merchants and other stakeholders. The shopping center business also has to deal with the volatility of the global economy, which affected thailand's inflation situation last August 2022. Thailand's inflation rate rose to 7.86%, the highest in 14 years since July 2008, mainly due to the Russo-Ukrainian War. As a result, oil prices and electricity tariffs have risen significantly. It has been a challenge for the Association over the past 3-4 years to improve and improve the efficiency of cost management and the rising costs. To support merchants and businesses to recover sustainably- Empowering entrepreneurs and SMEs Empower people to have international knowledge and ability, share information, experience, enhance knowledge, skills, support and encourage all stakeholders to be able to return to trade, maintain employment, stimulate investment, help diversify income, and increase the competitiveness of merchants and entrepreneurs. Enhancing the quality of service and uniqueness of shopping centers by Thai people- Journey to sustainability To encourage shopping center members to move forward with energy saving plans both in the immediate and long term and promote sustainable NET Zero policies, such as installing renewable energy sources such as Solar Rooftop, Solar Street Light, Solar Carport, and using intelligent systems such as motion sensor switches for lighting systems, changing consumer behavior in waste sorting, increasing green space, and developing shopping centers in the form of Eco-Friendly Mall to use energy efficiently in accordance with international green building standardsSPONSORED. The Mall Shopping Complex Company Limited - Seacon Development Public Company Limited- Siam Piwat Company Limited - Rangsit Plaza Company Limited - Platinum Group Public Company Limited- MBK Public Company Limited- Siam Future Development Public Company Limited- Alli REIT Management Co., Ltd. - Fraser Property Holding (Thailand) Co., Ltd. - Piriya Property Development Co., Ltd. - Index Living Mall Public Company Limited - Pacific Corporation Park Sriracha Co., Ltd.
Thai stocks today, December 13, 2022, ended the afternoon up 2.78 points, the index was at 1,625 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 2.78 points at 1,625.91 points with a turnover of 55,072.71 million baht. In December 2022, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 2.78. The index was at 1,625.91. The index peaked at 1,633.07. Low index 1,621.41 The turnover was 55,072.71 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. SG Capital Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
"Saksiam" accelerates the auction of O&M Motorway 82|Mr. Sarawut Songsivilai Director-General of The Department of Highways The Ministry of Transport has now adopted a policy and instructed the Department of Highways to expedite the opening of the private sector to invest in the operation and maintenance (O&M) of the M82 motorway, Bang Khun Thian-Ekachai-Ban Phaeo elevated line. In the form of PPP as approved by the Council of Ministers on December 13, 2022. The project is a private investment in the form of PPP Gross Cost with a contract period of 32 years (2-year construction and 30-year O&M) with a project value of approximately 31,703.01 million baht. The government is responsible for land ownership and civil construction costs of 30,523.68 million baht and private investment of 1,179.33 million baht. It consists of investing in systems along the route, such as toll collection systems. Traffic control system, communication network system, as well as the private sector to operate and maintain (O&M) amounting to 14,027.98 million baht"It is expected to open the selection of private joint ventures by mid-2023 and start construction of the first phase of the system by the end of 2023. Rama 3-Dao Khanong-Bang Khun Thian line is seamless with expected completion. It was fully operational throughout the line with a toll system in 2025 and is currently under construction."
Makan hastened to take the wrong exam, rolling out tariffs as much as China. Commerce eyes exports to U.S.|A reporter from the Ministry of Commerce said that on December 12, 2022, The U.S. Department of Commerce has announced a preliminary ruling on China's solar cells and solar modules. Using Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia and Vietnam as routes to enter the U.S. or impersonating all 4 countries as export routes to the U.S. to evade anti-dumping (AD) and anti-subsidy tariffs (CVD) imposed by the U.S. on goods originating from China. Except for companies that have proof that they are not impersonating their names for export. The U.S. will re-examine company-specifics. The final verdict will be announced on May 1, 2023, and if found guilty, AD and CVD will be charged for approximately a month. In June 2023, a reporter reported that the Department of Foreign Trade is now At least 3 items of Thai products exported to the U.S., such as seamless steel pipes, 2-wheel bicycles, alloy wheels, etc., were found to evade AD tariffs of the U.S. and European Union (EU). There is not enough production to obtain Thai origin. The department therefore did not issue a certificate of origin, making it impossible for the goods to be exported. In addition, there are 42 products such as electric bikes, stainless steel pipes. Aluminum foil, auto parts, nails, wooden furniture, etc., will be exported to the U.S. and the EU, which the Department of Surveillance and issued a notification requiring inspection of the attribution of goods at the Department only. IF IT IS FOUND THAT IT IS CONSIDERED TO BE AN IMPERSONATION OF THAI ORIGIN, A CERTIFICATE OF ORIGIN WILL NOT BE ISSUED.
Marketing Fence : Grab Launched "Tuk Tuk" service via app in Phuket|Market Round 13 Dec 22, 2022 Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests The following are the following: Chief Executive Officer, Grab Thailand said: "We are continuing to expand our travel services. After the Department of Land Transport has approved the application for hire cars electronically for Grab since September 2022, the service is set to be launched. GrabTukTuk in Phuket, in order to welcome the return of foreign tourists and promote job creation for locals, aims to recruit 100 tuk-tuk driver partners by early 2023. Chief Executive Officer, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR) and Paisan Udomkulwanit Deputy Chief Lubrication Officer, OR, together with Jumpol Rimsakhon Chairman of the Board of Directors DP Company Serway & Law Co., Ltd. and Golpat Rattanaporn Managing Director, DP Serway & Law Co., Ltd. (DP Survey) signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to provide pre-underwriting services at FIT Auto Service Center, OR's automotive business that provides light maintenance and mileage maintenance services with DP Survey, a car accident and property damage survey company specializing in providing accident survey and damage assessment services in the non-life insurance business, as well as providing pre-insured vehicle inspection services and a network covering Bangkok, metropolitan areas and upcountry. Premium by bringing the best thai ingredients and herbs carefully selected. It is carefully prepared according to royal ocha recipes to represent the precious wishes for happy and healthy recipients and provides an exceptional experience of experiencing the unique taste of Thai food to the most important people. Lion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells consumer products for Thai people. Committed to developing innovative products for the well-being of consumers. Salz King Herb, a concentrated herbal toothpaste with Moroheiya Extract, an important source of prebiotics, stimulates the activity and promotes the growth of beneficial microorganisms and inhibits the microorganisms that cause oral problems. Lion Exclusive ThailandSPONSOREDBLINKs The real one prepares True 5G and True ID. Win tickets and qualify for sound checks on the edge of the stage. BLACKPINK WORLD TOUR [BORN PINK] BANGKOK invites you to collect autographed albums and premium limited edition items at True only. Don't miss out on this month of December 2022. Thailand Complete telepharmacy services through the Bangkok Pharmacre application. Launched a partnership for seamless delivery of medicines from pharmacists to patients. Increase access to medicines and pharmacists safelySPONSORED Petchsut, President of Crocodile Corporation Co., Ltd., said that Crocodile has been supporting the JORAKAY JUNIOR BADMINTON CHAMPIONSHIP for 8 consecutive years. Achieve the dream of badminton-loving youth to reach the world stage according to their dreams, as well as providing opportunities for young people to experience points competitions. There are not many matches at this level in the country. Crocodiles are another force to cheer up athletes. Parents and badminton clubs Create a new generation of athletes to strengthen the Thai badminton industry to be one of the world's leading players. Leading real estate and retail developer Global Project Owner & CEO Siam Paragon, Siam Center and Siam Discovery and ICONSIAM, landmarks along the Chao Phraya River, as well as Siam Premium Outlets Bangkok, the only premium outlet in Thailand, join forces with 5 destinations that are magnets for attracting tourists and are world-class shopping and lifestyle destinations. The Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) welcomed the 10 million foreign tourists to Thailand during the Amazing Thailand 10 Million Celebrations event. The event was held on December 10, 2022 at Suvarnabhumi Airport by Asset World Corp Public Company Limited or AWC, a Thai property developer focused on fulfilling a one-stop lifestyle. Signed the first strategic partnership framework with Accor, a leading international hotel and hospitality network. The company continues to develop several hotels under leading brands from the Accor Group, such as Fairmont, Fairmont Residences and MGallery. This partnership is in line with AWC's strategy to partner with leading global hotel brands. To develop quality assets in potential locations and expand the customer group to a wider circle. Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce of Thailand Award for Outstanding Code of Conduct Thai Chamber of Commerce 2022 to Mr. Sawat Naruvorawong Executive Vice President, Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited, which is given to organizations that adhere to the code of conduct in accordance with corporate governance principles and good corporate governance. Morality and ethics to all stakeholders and lead the business towards sustainability at UTCC EVENTS LAB, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce.
"EEC" pipe clears the mind of 3 parties "Eastwater" to forward "Wong Siam"|Mr. Jumren Photiyod Director-General of the Treasury Department Revealing the progress of the delivery of the assets of the Eastern Pipeline Project or EEC Pipeline, the Treasury Department is in the process of negotiating a settlement with 3 parties, namely the Treasury Department, Wong Siam Construction Co., Ltd., the new concessionaire, and The Company. Eastern Water Resources Management and Development Public Company Limited or Eastwater, the original concessionaire, as Eastwater informed that the delivery of the property will affect water users. While Wongsiam insisted that there was no problem, it could continue to serve water users"When Wongsiam confirmed that there was no problem, it was ready to be delivered, but Eastwater said there was a problem, the Treasury Department, as the owner of the property, had to call both to talk to each other to get a resolution. If there is no resolution within this year. Because if it is delayed and has protracted problems, the Treasury Department will lose its usefulness, since according to the terms of the contract, Wong Siam will pay the state 27% of the revenue from water service. Eastwater pays 3-7% to the state, resulting in a 20% lost margin. 870 Million Baht When delivery is not possible THE DEPARTMENT WILL NOT RECEIVE SUCH REVENUE, WHICH IS CONSIDERED DAMAGING TO THE STATE." The Treasury Department signed with Wong Siam as the winner of the bid for 25,693 million baht, becoming the new concessionaire. On September 23, 2022, the contract period was 30 years, with the following returns: 1. Entrance fee 1,450 million baht The first payment for signing the contract was 580 million baht, and when the property was handed over another 870 million baht. 2. Compensation benefit of 2,908 million baht and 3.Revenue share of 21,335 million baht.
"Saksiam" molds the new Big AOT|A reporter from Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) said that AOT has opened an announcement to recruit candidates for the position of new director-general. Instead of Mr. Nitinai Sirismarakarn, who will complete his term as Chief Executive Officer in November 2020. The application was scheduled to be submitted from November 21 to December 13, 2022. 1. Mr. Wittaya Panmongkol Deputy Governor for Operations Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA) 2. Executive Vice President AOT Regional Airport Division 3. Executive Vice President Engineering and Construction Division, AOT The Nomination Committee will select qualified candidates and open for vision presentation on January 11, 2023 and will submit the names to the AOT Board for further consideration. The position of AOT's Chief Executive Officer will be for a term of not more than 4 years or until the age of 60 or renewed for 1 term not exceeding 4 years or not over 60 years old. Although he was recently appointed as deputy director-general on September 23, 2020, he has worked well in accordance with the policy of the Ministry of Transport and is known to have the support of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. Minister of Transport as Secretary-General of the Bhumjaithai Party.
Reduce the number of digital lottery tickets at the end of the year to 16.22 million due to merchants not making payments.|Reporters report that the sale of digital tickets Period 16 Dec 2022 It's back in full swing after spending longer selling time as the New Year's Eve approaches. Most people like to try their luck by buying government lottery tickets. There were 16 winners of 16 digital tickets alone, causing incentives for people to buy digital tickets by selling 16.24 million tickets on December 16, 2022. Of the 32,482 dealers, 1.754 million were purchased. Sold out within 11 days, considered sold out 3 days before the prize issuance time. The lottery will be held on December 30, 2022. 16,227,500 million tickets Of the 32,455 sales representatives, down from the Dec. 16 period due to merchants' failure to pay. Next week, there will be a gradual opening of more digital lottery agents, which will call retail traders who have registered with the Lottery Office to register and contract as digital lottery vendors through the Pao Tang app, which currently has 20,000 retail traders registered with the Lottery Office. After the digital tickets are sold out, as well as near the draw date, the selling price still exceeds 80 baht per ticket. The lottery vendors will inform you that they will receive it from Yipu at a high price. If it is a beautiful number, it will cost 220-250 baht per set, 5 tickets will cost 550-600 baht, etc.
Uprooting expensive fire rootstocks Both MPs threatened to restructure.|Keep an eye on the "KGB" to expedite the new FT figures (Jan-Apr 2023) Initially, it may peg 4.72 baht per unit for only residential houses that use no more than 500 units of electricity per month. Dreading increased costs, the price of goods must be adjusted by 5-12% to extract investment into Thailand. The state has restructured to root out expensive fires, reporters reported this week that the Energy Regulatory Commission (EC) will finalize and release figures on automatic variable electricity bills (FTEs). Initially, the electricity bill for residential houses using no more than 500 units of electricity per month will continue to pay the FT and base electricity bill at the same rate of 4.72 baht per unit in accordance with the resolution of the National Energy Policy Committee (NBTC), but the industrial sector is likely to have to pay an average of more than 5 baht per unit for people who use more than 500 units of electricity per month. At the moment, the KGB has not finalized the figures for electricity bills to be paid as various factors are still being considered. In particular, the calculation of the company's natural gas price. This includes the debt repayment burden of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT), which still bears the cost of fuel as outstanding revenues of 120 billion baht. Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul The Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) said that if the government considers raising the electricity bill from the current average electricity bill of 4.72 baht per unit, it will result in entrepreneurs needing to gradually raise the price of goods, which is expected to increase by 5-12%, while also affecting the country's competitiveness as well as attracting foreign direct investment. "We have to admit that in 2023, the global economic downturn, investment is moving production bases to ASEAN, where Thailand has many advantages, but a much higher electricity cost compared to Vietnam, which is only 2.88 baht per unit, will affect our competitiveness even lower." He said the government should rethink Thailand's energy structure in order to keep long-term energy bills in the right direction and in line with the changing global situation. In particular, the move towards clean energy must accelerate the promotion of electricity generation from solar energy at all levels that will be used by themselves and left to be sold into the system by facilitating the Easier. Promoting biofuels such as ethanol by promoting the use of gasohol E20 Mr. Isares Rattanadilok, Vice President He said the government should address the root causes by adhering to the principle that all sectors are involved in carrying the burden. "It must be acknowledged that the main cause of the electricity crisis came from the management of natural gas in the Gulf of Thailand during the transitional period. In addition, higher electricity costs come from higher than normal reserves from production that exceeds demand, but the contract also requires that electricity must be purchased from the private sector and must pay for readiness (AP), i.e. not producing electricity, it has to pay, causing a higher cost burden and opening up the purchase of electricity more than necessary.
"SUV" Motor Expo 2022|Mr. Kwanchai Pappaspong, President International Media Co., Ltd., the organizer of "The 39th Motor Expo" or "Motor Expo 2022" Motor Expo 2022 will be held from December 1-12 at Challenger Hall. Impact Muang Thong Thani appears to be a highly successful event this year. A total of 42,768 units were booked at Motor Expo 2022, comprising 36,679 cars and 6,089 motorcycles, with an average price of 1,349,742 baht and an average motorcycle of 253,699 baht. It accounted for 53.9% of bookings, followed by sedans with 30.3%. 11.8% and 4.0% of motorcycles were purchased by buyers in the "Buy a Motorcycle...
ONEE big stock throws overnight stocks at low price boards.  The point helps to diversify stocks to retail more. |Dr. Prasatthong Osoth sold 357 million ONEE shares at a price of 8.50 baht, pointing to an overnight private placement for several groups of investors, not exceeding 50 investors. Group Chief Financial Officer of The ONE Enterprise Public Company Limited has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that the Company has been informed by Dr. Prasatthong Osoth. Directors and major shareholders of the Company that they have sold 357,000,000 ordinary shares or 15% of the Company's paid-up capital by overnight private placement, including domestic institutional investors, foreign institutional investors, individual investors and/or juristic persons, not exceeding 50 persons in accordance with the relevant criteria through the Stock Exchange of Thailand on December 14, 2022 at a price of Baht 8.50 per share. Explore the demand for securities purchases with institutional investors both domestically and internationally. The transaction value is 3,034.5 million baht. Kiatnakin Phatra Securities Public Company Limited is the placement agent after this sale. Dr. Prasatthong Osoth will remain the largest shareholder and The company will hold 25% of the company's paid-up capital. From holding 40% of the paid-up capital of sponsored company It's not. The management structure and policy of the Company's business operations have not changed in any way. By selling the ordinary shares of dr. This time, the company's institutional investors and minority shareholders will be able to invest in the company. In terms of share price movements during December 13, the share price closed trading at 9.30 baht, and if taken into account the trading price, it will be found that it is 8.60% cheaper than the trading board.21
SEC punishes 2 people for spinning MBAX shares|The Reporter reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) It has disclosed civil sanctions proceedings against two offenders: 1. Ms. Uraiwan Sae-lee; 2. Mr. Theerapol Sinchai, in the case of creating the share price of Multibax Public Company Limited (MBAX) by requiring the offender to pay a total of 8,674,903 baht, including a ban on trading securities and futures contracts for 8 months and 15 days, and a ban on being a director or executive for 17 months.
CP ALL helps SMEs sell more than 8,000 items in 7-Eleven|CP ALL helps SMEs sell more than 8,000 items in 7-Eleven with a target of 2023 to raise SME level by 10% on December 14, 2022 Mr. Yutthasak Poomsurakul Chief Executive Officer of CP ALL Public Company Limited (CPALL) said that in 2022, the Company will continue to operate its business to be a part of helping to create an ecosystem for the development of Thai SMEs to grow strongly and sustainably. 2. Provide knowledge and seminars to SME entrepreneurs continuously and 3. Provide networking through cooperation with public and private sector partners to organize projects and activities to promote and develop SMEs. In 2021, SME Shelf has placed its SME products prominently in 2,300 branches. Expanding success through SME projects Sector Charm Help drive potential local products to be sold in seven stores. In addition to providing sales channels through the SME Charm Sector project, in 2022, there are many other projects that operate under strategy 3, which have been well received by SMEs and their partners, such as business matching, which gives SMEs the opportunity to present products directly and receive advice from experts of Center 7, as well as supporting SMEs, which are established organizations to support entrepreneurs and farmers in all aspects. Mr. Yutthasak said that CP ALL's 2023 plan continues to drive its operations through strategy 3 and aims to develop the potential of SME entrepreneurs to be stronger by 10% from 2022.
Gold price today, 14 December 2022, opened the market soaring 200 pieces, selling 30,150 baht each.|"Today's Gold Price" On Wednesday morning, December 14, the price rose by 200 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 29,650 baht. On December 14, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st Thai gold price today at 09.29 a.m., the gold price rose by 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,550 baht per baht, selling out 29,650 baht, and "gold jewelry" buying 29,016.24 baht, selling out 30,150 baht, and gold today 2 shillings, 50 satang, 2 gold bars, buying 14,775 baht. Sell out 14,825 baht Gold 2 shillings Buy 14,508.12 baht Sell out 15,075 baht Gold price today 1 shilling Gold bullion 1 shilling Buy 7,387.5 baht Sell out 7,412.5 baht Gold jewelry 1 shilling Buy 7,254.06 baht Sell out 7,537.5 baht Gold price today 1/2 shilling Gold bullion 1/2 shilling Buy 3,693.75 baht Sell out 3,706.25 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 shilling Buy 3,627.03 baht Sell out 3,768.75 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, December 14, 2022, ended the morning up 9.16 points, the index was at 1,635 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 9.16 points at 1,635.07 points with a turnover of 33,581.44 million baht. The index was at 1,635.07. The turnover was 33,581.44 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. SG Company Capital Public Company Limited 4. PTT Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
Prudential shakes hands with Garmin Cumata Use digital health to enhance customer health|Prudential Thailand Join hands with Garmin and Qmata to enhance customer care by using DATA to find personalized health insurance plans. Chief Customer Officer and Corporate Reform Prudential Thailand said it has partnered with Garmin and Cumata, experts in algorithmic data structures, to bring digital health solutions to help people stay healthy holistically. By merging data collected from Garmin. This is to find and deliver health insurance plans that are most effective and meet the health needs of our customers in order to offer them a health aid offer. According to a study by The Pulse of Asia – The Health of Asia Barometer, more than 88% of Thais have used digital technology to help plan their health care during the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, this collaboration is thought to help open up new experiences for Thai people to better understand their physical condition and health. Garmin Thailand says Garmin Not only do we deliver advances in GPS and fitness technology, but we also focus on providing wearers with proactive health monitoring at the same time. We hope that Garmin's long-lasting battery power and the adoption of the Garmin Health API by Qmata will help wearers track their health status 24 hours a day and better understand changes in their body in assessing and managing health information. Cumata, a leader in digital solutions, uses customer health data obtained through Garmin smartwatch tracking algorithmically along with the results of health tests. The score obtained from the test will allow us to know more about the customer's body. It also provides advice on health insurance plans that are suitable and meet the lifestyle of living (personal information that is evaluated Must be approved by the data subject in accordance with the PDPA Privacy Policy). Chief Executive Officer of Cumata Group said the partnership with Prudential and Garmin Thailand was an exciting start. That we will use data to help take care of health. I am very pleased and excited to work with two leading brands to leverage the potential of data to drive and raise awareness of the health care of Thai people on the occasion of the launch of this partnership. Garmin and Prudential Thailand has organized a special event, Fitness Challenge, Conquer Garmin, just take the Covid-19 resistance score and share tips to keep your body fit. Win 50 Garmin Venu SQ watches worth over 424,500 baht from December 15, 2022 to December 23, 2022. Mar66 Too.
Binance outflows nearly 40 billion in a single day But CZ remains optimistic.|Binance outflows of nearly 40 billion in a single day, affected by the continued increase in FUD news, but CZ remains optimistic. Tell me, test the pressure. The world's number one cryptocurrency exchange trading platform Outflows of more than 1.14 billion U.S. dollars or about 394 billion baht (exchange rate as of December 14 at 34.59 baht per coin) within the last 24 hours were the result of the news of a steady increase in FUD, which caused investors to fear. Binance's CEO, Changpeng Zhao or CZ, said he had witnessed similar events before and it was a good idea to test withdrawals under pressure on a centralize trading platform. 
Check before booking MOSHI IPO price 21.0 baht P/E? Is it expensive compared to stocks in the group? |MOSHI IPO launches new IPO to trade on December 22 The IPO price of 21.00 baht from Book Building pushed the P/E above 28.66 times, removing the filling of 75 million IPO shares, with 15 million existing shares being sold in the process of launching an IPO for Moshi. Moshi Retail Corporation Public Company Limited or MOSHI, a provider of lifestyle products under the brand "Moshi". Moshi Moshi has more than 101 branches nationwide and is set to be listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The offering will not exceed 75 million shares or not more than 25.0% of the total issued and paid-up ordinary shares. The IPO price is set at 21.0 baht and is in the process of being subscribed on December 14 - 16 and will be traded on the Thai stock market on December 22. Information from the registration statement or filing filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC informs the source of the IPO share price. The pricing of the ordinary shares to be offered is determined by the Book Building survey, which is a book building method, and provides opportunities for institutional investors and juristic persons to participate in the demand survey. The price and number of shares to be subscribed to the underwriter and underwriters are determined by the price and number of shares offered by institutional investors. The company has received the required amount of money and there is still enough demand to purchase enough shares at a level that is expected to stabilize the share price in the secondary market sponsoredmoshi P/E of 28.66 times. This time, the offering price was set at 21.0 baht per share. If considering the net profit according to the company's financial statements. In the past 12 months, it was 219.82 million baht. Divided by the total number of ordinary shares of 300 million shares (Fully Diluted), the net profit per share is 0.73 baht per share and the P/E is about 28.66 times. However, for the purpose of evaluating the price of the offered shares. In addition, the company also took the companies in such groups into consideration, namely CP ALL Public Company Limited or CPALL, the average 12-month price for the past 12 months was 61.64 baht, the average P/E was 32.89 times, and Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited or CRC, the average price for the past 12 months was 37.80 baht, the average P/E was 36.57 times. The Company has offered shares in total. Not exceeding 75 million shares or not exceeding 25.0% of the total number of issued and paid-up ordinary shares divided into 1 newly issued ordinary share offered by the Company No more than 60,000,000 shares and no more than 15,000,000 existing ordinary shares offered by Winnfield Capital Overseas Company Limited in the first 9 months. Operating results in 2021, the Company had total revenue of Baht 1,263.84 million and net profit of Baht 131.27 million. In the first nine months of 2022, the Company had total revenue of 1,253.36 million baht. This was an increase of 59.0% from the same period last year with total revenue of 788.40 million baht. The growth rate of sales revenue of existing branches. Net profit for the first nine months of 2022 increased by 50.1% to 134.63 million baht. This is an increase of 192% from the same period last year. Chief Financial Officer Moshi Company Moshi Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (MOSHI) said the growth was driven by economic recovery and the opening up of the country. This resulted in an increase in purchasing power and economic activity, including the calculation of 6 branches.
Thai stocks in 2023 hot mercury cracked, leading to outstanding tourism, banking and consumer products|Chitta Wealth Asset Management sees Thai stocks in 2023 as the hottest with higher growth prospects than this year, with tourism, banking and consumer groups outstanding, suitable for profitable investment, driven by the election on December 14, 2022. Chief Executive Officer Chitta Wealth Asset Management Co., Ltd. said that the global economic outlook for this year There are many factors that put pressure on the investment market. Global decline Led by the U.S. stock market, from the beginning of the year to November 30, 2022, the S&P500 fell -14.39%, while China's CSI300 fell -22.01%. In hopes of finding the best time to invest, some people cut off the sell-off of stocks because they are afraid that the price will go down even more. This makes it worse and causes investors to incur increased costs. There is no need to wait for the best moment, because we will never be able to guess exactly where the bottom will be. We see the Fed signaling a rate cut at the end of 2023, when interest rates stabilize and tend to decline, a golden opportunity for the bond market, especially U.S. bonds and investment-grade private bonds. We will see a timeline such as the easing of the ZERO COVID measures with China's reopening that will be a major boost for the global economy to recover as a whole. It is expected to see the opening of the city in the second quarter of 2023, if true, the Chinese stock market will be able to rebound again for the Japanese stock market and the Thai stock market, which is about to start recovering after the opening of the country this year. Thai stocks will have high growth opportunities from this year, with tourism, consumer and banking stocks being the stars of the market. In addition, Thailand will also have issues about the upcoming elections in 2023, which will support the purchasing power in the country to recover. Because each selection, there will be a lot of money in the system, which will have a positive effect on the Thai stock market to be active again. The Thai and Japanese stock markets are considered stable sources of investment, ideal for balancing investment portfolios. And the Vietnamese stock market is another market that investors should not miss. Considering the need to invest in relocating production bases. With low wages and a huge young population, Vietnam will be attractive and a star in the long run so that investors do not miss out on investment opportunities both in Thailand and abroad with various investment plans to diversify risks with 3 investment policies: 1. Global ETFs. 2. Thematic invests in megatrends that you believe in with automated portfolio management technology 3. Jitta Ranking automatically invests in 'good stocks at reasonable prices' based on the Warren Buffett concept.
The SEC asked prosecutors to indict Dr. Boon THG after refusing to pay a fine for spreading messages affecting the stock price.|SEC asks prosecutors to indict Dr. Boon Wanasin after being convicted of spreading information that affects the share price Refusing to comply with civil penalties and informing the P.O.C. Add the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Ask the public prosecutor to prosecute Dr. Boon Wanasin (Dr. Boon), Chairman of Thonburi Healthcare Group Public Company Limited (THG). In case of dissemination of statements that may give false importance to THG's performance or other information in a manner that affects the price or investment decision of THG shares, the civil court shall request that civil sanctions be imposed. Call for payment of a total of 2,348,834 baht plus interest. Establish a ban on trading securities or derivatives contracts and set a period of prohibition on being a director or executive and report the action to the Anti-Money Laundering Office (OIC). In order to consider further proceedings, the Committee on Civil Sanctions (C.M.P.) resolved to apply civil sanctions to offenders. Dr. Boon earlier, by requiring that civil penalties be paid. Reimbursement of the SEC's expenses due to the investigation of the offense totaled 2,348,834 baht and was prohibited from being a director or executive in a securities issuing company or securities company for a period of 42 months. Therefore, it was determined that Dr. Boon did not agree to settle the case in the class. Therefore, the SEC has a letter requesting the prosecutor to proceed with the prosecution of Dr. Boon to the civil court. In order to impose civil penalties by making a total payment of 2,348,834 baht with interest, including prohibiting Dr. Boon from trading securities or entering into futures contracts, and prohibiting Dr. Boon from being a director or executive in a securities issuing company or securities company at the highest rate prescribed by law, the SEC has reported such action to the P.O.C. because the offence of unfair dealing in such securities is a fundamental offence under the Prevention and Suppression of Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542 for further consideration.
OISHI has redesigned the OISHI GRAND buffet, focusing on fresh dish-to-plate cooking.|OISHI rebrands OISHI GRAND buffet at Siam Paragon Focus on cooking on a plate-by-plate basis to maintain freshness. Omakase sushi buffet and big sashimi Increased the menu from 120 to 200. Managing Director of OISHI Group Public Company Limited (OISHI) said: We have found that from the time of the COVID pandemic to the present with the easing of lockdowns and covid has become an endemic disease, we have found that the majority of consumers are becoming health-conscious and focusing more on healthy food. Of course, Japanese food is also in that spotlight. Consumers are also interested in sustainable or sustainability, whether it is about managing Zero Food Wast, this story Oishi Group has been interested in for many years, and we have remodeled OISHI GRAND at Siam Paragon Zone Food Passage on the 4th floor. End in one store. We have also integrated modern technology as part of our services. "The main highlight of OISHI GRAND is the meticulous and attentive cooking of food, which contributes to reducing food loss and food waste in vain. "From being inside with the younger generation. We found that customers wanted to see the variety of the menu, so we went from 120 to 150-200 with an emphasis on freshly made made-to-orders. Because we want customers to eat new things all the time. It has also solved the problem of seating to meet the needs of more customers who come in groups. Sit more comfortably and sit in groups more conveniently. For the expansion, we will add another location, One Bangkok. "In the future, we see that japanese food trends still exist and there is a clear growth. Even after COVID, there has not been the same growth. But the trend that is coming is that Mass Group is likely to be an opportunity to grow. Now it has grown more than 100% from inside we found customers want to eat healthy things, regardless of price, as a result of taking care of themselves during COVID. For OISHI GRAND's buffet service, there are 3 levels, each of which can be used and eaten unlimited within a full 2 hours as follows: - PREMIUM Buffet Level: All-you-can-eat omakase sushi and full-sized sashimi with authentic Japanese dishes, totaling more than 140 items at THB 1,059++- PLATINUM Buffet: Enjoy the next level with omakase sushi and full-sized sashimi with authentic Japanese dishes. Wagyu Beef Yakiniku More than 190 scallops with miso sauce, hoba leaves, etc. at THB 1,659++- per person PRESTIGE Buffet Level: Enjoy the ultimate omakase sushi and sashimi full bite, along with authentic Japanese dishes. Gungan Unineki Toro Caviar Over 200 items of Japanese Wagyu Beef Yakiku, A4, etc. at THB 2,659++ per person
This evening, hurry to refill, announcing an increase in the "fuel price" of all types of sohol, except diesel, to remain the same.|"PTT Station" and "Bangchak" announced a 30-baht increase in gasohol prices. As for the "diesel group", the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, Dec. 14, 2022, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. As for the diesel group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 15 December 2022, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.15 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.45 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.18 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.69 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
KFC reveals that Thai people prefer "Hot & Spicy Fried Chicken" 2022 sales growth of 24% |KFC reveals that Thai people prefer "Hot & Spicy Fried Chicken" Mr. Sakchai Chumuanwaii, Managing Director of Yam Restaurant International (Thailand), said that KFC fried chicken has been with Thailand for more than 38 years, and KFC is the first Quick Service Restaurant to expand to 1,000 locations in Thailand. Central Restaurant Group Co., Ltd. or CRG with 320 branches2. Restaurant Development Co., Ltd. or RD with 250 branches3. The QSR of Asia Co., Ltd., or QSA, with 430 branches, aims to expand to 80 branches in Bangkok and tourist cities such as Chiang Mai and Phuket, with the goal of opening KFC in all areas and provinces of Thailand that customers can access within 10-15 minutes for 2022. KFC finds that employees are the ones most affected, so KFC gives every opportunity possible. Invest in potential through employees nationwide. A total of 1,000 scholarships have been awarded to employees nationwide worth more than 10 million baht in order to arm employees to grow strongly in the future. In the future, KFC will have projects to develop people's potential. Continued throughout the year 2023 as well.
"Thai Airways" delayed luggage knot|Mr. Suvartana Siboonruang, Acting Chief Executive Officer, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Thai Airways has been accused of delaying luggage handling at Suvarnabhumi Airport. This makes the passengers who use the service dissatisfied. Admit that there are actual service delays and that the problem is not unique to Thai Airways, but to all airlines, but has now been improved. The problem is that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the company has restructured its organization into a recovery plan and therefore had to reduce staff. Originally, passengers had to wait 1.30 hours for luggage, but now the waiting time is only 20-30 minutes for the Ministry of Transport. If this is not possible, there will be a policy for Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited or AOT, which is responsible for the airport. Thai Airways is confident that it will resolve the issue in time and believes that during the New Year holiday 2023, there will be no such problems. Passengers will receive their luggage within 30 minutesSPONSORED "Thai Airways did not remain calm when the problem was solved, but admitted that there was still a problem with the recruitment of personnel who could not meet the target of 1,000 people. Thai Airways international acknowledges that it has a market share of 80% of the baggage handling for airlines that take off and land at Suvarnabhumi Airport, or 60 airlines and airlines that have resumed operations have not completed the same amount."
"THORS" adds 1,000 million baht in loans to reduce global warming|Mr. Chatchai Sirilai managing director Government Housing Bank (TBA) The Bank of Thailand has signed a low-carbon building loan agreement with the Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (TGO) to encourage entrepreneurs to invest in energy-efficient housing, environmentally friendly and reduce greenhouse gas emissions with a credit limit of 1,000 million baht, interest rate for the first 2 years, interest rate of 1.99%, years 3-5, interest rate of 4.25%. Build eco-friendly housing Meet the needs of customers who want energy-efficient homes. If you want to invest by yourself, it is complicated if there are real estate developers who invest in building and then selling it at low interest, which will meet the needs of customers." Exceeded the target of 226,423 million baht Non-performing loans (NPLs) are expected to grow at 3.85-3.90%, down from 4% at the beginning of the year, while lending in 2023 is expected to expand by 3-5% from this year's target."
"Baba Beach Club Natai" - Circoloco holds a grand music festival.|Opening case study "Sri Panwa" through COVID crisis, putting "employees" at the heart of the channel during COVID Create a new zone Waiting for tourism to recover, push "Baba Beach Club Natai" is a great music festival with 2,000 million baht"Khun Whale – Worasith Issara" Managing Director, Sri Panwa Sri Panwa Management Co., Ltd., the owner of "Sri Panwa", a luxury 5-star pool villa hotel on a private beach at the tip of Cape Panwa, spanning 80 rai southeast of Phuket Island, and 2 5-star luxury hotel projects in Hua Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan and Natai, Phang Nga province under the name "Baba Beach Club". He said that when COVID-19 hit, he would not be able to do so. The government relaxed measures, including reopening the country. As a result, the tourism business has returned to life. After a few years of slump in Phuket, the tourism business in Phuket has begun to recover due to the government measures that have launched the "Phuket Sandbox" project. This has helped Phuket province to recover significantly, for example, Sri Panwa's can see that there is a steady increase in bookings. When the government opened the country, the number of bookings for accommodation increased significantly. While Baba Beach Club, especially in Hua Hin, has seen an increase in bookings, Baba Beach Club in Natai will still need some time. "Now the number of foreign tourists, such as in Phuket, has been increasing every day, making businesses in Phuket province bustling as well. Post-COVID-19 "There are now more foreign tourists from Europe, the U.S. and Australia, especially Russian tourists. At the same time, there are also a lot of tourists who are Indian guests. More importantly, more tourists from the Middle East are also returning. Interestingly, the strength of the Thai tourism business is the "service" that is difficult to find other countries to match. Like Sri Panwa's. "Service" is the main charm that makes tourists come back to stay or tell each other, employees are the heart of the organization. Sri Panwa has a clear policy that there will be no layoffs because we consider "employees to be at the heart" of the organization. We live like relatives. It's like the same family, and the employees themselves have families, and during that time when the business was not very good, there were few tourists staying, trying to stabilize the situation. Find other jobs in Sri Panwa so that employees can do it so they are not lonely. At the same time, it took the opportunity to expand its investment to create a new zone of Sri Panwa. The project value is over 1,200 million baht. The "Yaya" zone, which is a convention for meetings, seminars, exhibitions, weddings and events with a capacity of up to 400 people. Another 24 pool suites decorated in a sleek style. Blend in with the surrounding surroundings with views from the Andaman Sea and the rooftop where the "TU" is located, a popular addition to relaxation. You can also host events large and small. Baba Seoul Cafe is located in Baba Seoul Food as a place to socialize with friends. You can walk across the bridge to the new TU Bar rooftop for views of the Andaman Sea and sunset at the tip of Cape Panwaphut. "Baba Beach Club Natai" to be more known to foreign tourists. As for "Baba Beach Club Hua Hin", there is no problem, it is well known for both Thai and foreign tourists, with bookings coming in through the middle of next year. Phuket for making Baba The Beach Club, which Natai has boomed, is intended to continue to be a great music festival in 2023. Just 20 minutes north of Phuket International Airport, you'll be joining hands with Circoloco, one of Ibiza's most famous party organizers. An island in the Mediterranean Sea that has toured the Asia Pacific region. The production is full of music and fun straight from Ibiza. Spain On Saturday, January 14 and 21, 2023, we are ready to make it available for both Thais and foreign tourists to experience. World-renowned artists are bringing the fun to the fullest. The event will be attended by more than 10,000 tourists and will cost 30-35 million baht. This event will energize hotels and shops in Na Tai, stimulate spending, and it is expected that phang nga will generate more than 2,000 million baht in revenue.
Blue Dragon returns to make a lottery marketplace Dragon Rare to please the amulet line.|Blue Dragon returns to market place, lottery and Dragon Rare to please the amulet line and ready to do food truck business in 66-67 yearsOn December 15, 2022, Mr. Patcharl Messiahporn, Managing Director of Blue Dragon Lottery Co., Ltd., said that consumer behavior has changed more nowadays. Everyone is turning to social media and buying more products online, thus making the E-Commerce market grow continuously, which is the main alternative to accessing products in today's era. The online retail model in Thailand is also increasingly shifting to online trading platforms or e-marketplaces. The company operates a business that develops and provides platforms in the form of marketplaces for online space rental. Give merchants the opportunity to sell products online through Blue Dragon for Blue Dragon Online Lottery We still have a clear goal: to make Blue Dragon a stable and sustainable main income for everyone through an intermediary platform, allowing all traders to take the real government lottery. SCAN THE BLUE DRAGON'S ELECTRONIC STORAGE SYSTEM, SPONSORED THROUGH AI SYSTEM TO MANAGE ONLINE TRADING. Therefore, Blue Dragon would be a new option in the digital age to search for the desired number"At the same time, the Blue Dragon platform also has a system for dreaming, horoscope, risk-seeing, as an area for Sai Mu, so we developed the Dragon Rare business to generate sales for auspicious amulet traders." Mr. Patcharl also said that dragon raer business A platform for the Mutelu line, or for those who have faith and interest in amulets and sacred objects. Similar to the online lottery platform, Blue Dragon will be a common space to connect in this society, allowing buyers and sellers to meet at this platform by the speciality of Dragon Rare. All amulets and sacred objects are real, which is guaranteed by Pong Suphan, the only doctor of the amulet industry in Thailand, who will inspect the products, which will ensure that customers can be sure that the products from Dragon Rare are genuine, of quality and meet the required standards. It retains the same ideology of monetization. Build a career It is currently underway and is expected to be launched in 2023 or 2024.
Gold price today, 15 Dec 2022, opened on Thursday morning, reduced by 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open morning market 15 Dec 2022 50 discount price for "gold bullion" sold out 29,600 baht per baht while "gold jewelry" sold out 30,100 baht on 15 Dec 22 The Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.26 am, the price of gold decreased by 50, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,500 baht. Baht 29,600 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,970.76 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,750 baht Sell out 14,800 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,485.38 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,375 baht Sell out 7,400 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,242.69 baht Sell out 7,525 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,687.5 Baht Sell Out 3,700 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,621.345 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, December 15, 2022, closed the morning stock market down 10.26 points, the index was at 1,623 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 10.26 points at 1,623.10 points with a turnover of 26,844.62 million baht. The turnover was 26,844.62 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. D.T.C. Enterprise Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. CP All Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
PROEN shares fall 11% after emerging 26 million BIGLOT shares Meet the executives to keep the shares continuously. |PROEN fell more than 11% after it found a biglot with an average price of 7.50 baht, the SEC reported. Over 4 million shares Management is confident that the fourth quarter growth will continue, with the price of PROEN Corp Public Company Limited falling sharply to 7.25 baht, down 11.59% from yesterday. The report on the movement of stock trading on the board of PROEN Corp Public Company Limited or PROEN consisted of 13 transactions with an average price of 7.50 baht and a total value of 195 million baht. The company's management has continuously acquired shares. The Securities and Exchange Commission reported that Mr. Kittipan Sribuaium The Chief Executive Officer acquired 2 shares in December, namely 1 on 2 December, and acquired 2 million shares. On December 7, it acquired another 2.18 million shares. At an average price of 10.20 baht. Mr. Kittipan, Chief Executive Officer of PROEN, revealed that the remaining Q4 of this year The Company's revenue and profit outlook is expected to continue to grow from revenue recognition and profit of backlog of recurring revenues, and technology services products launched such as Platform Cloud Service, SPDPA Cloud, and the company's projects that increase revenue later this year. The company continues to develop new technology products. The company is ready to bid for infrastructure projects continuously and has a strategy to expand its business by studying investments in the form of mergers and acquisitions with technology businesses with recurring revenue generating characteristics.
More conveniently, MetaMask is now available for users to purchase and transfer Ethereum via PayPal.|ConsenSys, the parent company of MetaMask crypto wallets, today announced a partnership with PayPal digital payment platform. On Dec. 14, ConsenSys, the developer of the Ethereum blockchain ecosystem, the parent company of MetaMask crypto wallets, announced a partnership with PayPal digital payment platforms.PayPal ETH can now be purchased and transferred through PayPal's platform. This collaboration allows users to purchase and transfer ETH coins from PayPal to MetaMask more conveniently by signing in to the MetaMask app and switching to PayPal account. MetaMask's product manager says that joining forces with PayPal will help our U.S. users not only buy crypto seamlessly through MetaMask, but also allow them to explore the Web3 ecosystem easily.
This evening, the fill has added "oil price". Gasohol group of all kinds up 30 sat. Effective tomorrow.|This evening, the fill has added "oil price". All gasohol increases by 30 st. The diesel part remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am tomorrow (16 Dec 22) on 15 Dec 2022. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 16 December 2022, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 34.75 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.48 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.84 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 32.84 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Bangkok Life Assurance smiles new loan protection insurance grows by 42%|Bangkok Life Assurance smiles new loan protection insurance with health coverage growing by 42% on December 15, 2022 Mr. Shone Sophonpanich The President and Chief Executive Officer of Bangkok Life Assurance Public Company Limited (BLA) said that as of the end of October 2022, the company had total premiums of 486,624.9 million baht. -0.5% decrease in first-year premiums -0.20% and growth rate of distribution channels divided into agent channels Banking channels grew 10.1%, banking channels fell -5.8%, other channels expanded 0.7%, digital channels fell -11%. The total premium was 30,195.44 million baht. The first year's premium grew by 5.50%. Growth 12.4% Agent channels decreased 9.3% Other channels 3.4% Digital channels However, the company is confident that in 2022, there will be a total premium of 35,800 million baht. The first year's premium was 6,900 million baht. 10% growth in financial products and products, including new credit insurance with health coverage growing 42%, investment insurance with 321% growth, and dividend insurance with current dividend accounting for 44% of ordinary premiumsSPONSORED. In 2022, approximately 1,800-2,000 representatives will be recruited for the Smart project, and in 2023, approximately 3,000 representatives will be selected for the Smart project. Mr. Choon said that the company continues to follow the business direction according to the 3-year plan (2022-2024). Over the past year, the company has demonstrated the success of the organization as well as building confidence among all parties involved through the 5D strategy of excellent health services, which the company has developed a variety of products to meet the needs of all groups, including Prestige Health / Happy Health / Value Health, as well as the development of the health ecosystem that has received constant attention. In terms of wealth, the company has launched life insurance products with life planning. Investment planning Life insurance is a plan for life goals with financial advisors and work systems with clear goals over the past year. It has begun to digitize the management system in all processes with the expectation that within 5 years all systems will go as planned.
OR ready to reserve oil to meet demand during New Year 2023|PTT Oil & Retail ready to reserve oil to meet demand during New Year 2023On December 15, 2022, Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), said that according to the Department of Energy Business, oil traders are required to bring oil reserves in accordance with the law. A group of fast-spinning diesel fuels is released. At the rate of 70% of the legal oil reserves set at 1% starting from December 10, 2022 to January 31, 2023, in order to have more fast-rotating diesel flowing into the system to accommodate the increasing demand, OR is ready to operate and have a management plan to ensure that there is enough oil. Station everywhere OR has planned to reserve all fuel depots nationwide, manage fuel trucks to deliver enough fuel, and arrange staff to provide services during the festive season. Reassure consumers that there will be enough oil available. There is no shortage, however, consumers are asked to take precautions to ensure travel safety. If you feel drowsy or tired during driving, you can stop by the PTT service station. Choose a refreshing drink at any Amazon café available during the New Year.
Ai Qiyi reveals Kinnporch The Series as far away as the U.S. UNCUT version is trending.|Kelvin Yao, President of Southeast Asia and Vice President of International Business at iQIYI, said that in the last three quarters of 2022, we have always been a profitable online video platform. In addition, over 65% of viewers in Thailand are members of at least two streaming platforms, which is a sign of steady growth. For streaming platforms in Thailand Veterans Battle Flag Senior Director of Content, Ai Qiyi, said that 54% of Thai viewers consider that with a variety of content, the price is reasonable. IN ADDITION, 48.50% OF PEOPLE DECIDED TO SUBSCRIBE BECAUSE OF THE THAI DUB AND OVER 33% DECIDED TO SUBSCRIBE BECAUSE OF THE UNCUT VERSION. Ai Qiyi is considered a destination for uncut version content, which Thailand is considered to be the country that produces Y series continuously. KinnPorsche The Series La Forte has been hosting a world tour in Asia at the same time. The survey also found that U.S. audiences love a variety of series such as KinnPorsche The Series La Forte, Big Dragon The Series and Love In The Air. Like the series Between Us, I'm here. In addition, the popularity of Thai series continues to grow because according to the survey, more than 21.67% have searched for Thai series and added them to their watch list. This reinforces that Thai series are becoming increasingly popular internationally, the same survey also noticed increased interest for content in other Asian languages. In the last two years, 53.67% of people watch Chinese content, with 47.67% seeing Chinese content as an essential option for everyday viewing. It has also been found that viewers in Thailand are becoming more interested in Chinese series. The online streaming platform is not only getting stronger and stronger, but viewers are still willing to pay a steady long-term watch for the 10 most viewed Chinese series of 2022: 1. Love Between Fairy and Devil2. Love Like The Galaxy 3. Time to Fall in Love 4. Our Secrets 5. My Sassy Princess 6. Thousand Years For You7. 8. Nothing But You 9. 10. Love is Sweet( Love is Sweet)SPONSORED Thanks to illustrations from Be On Cloud
Bem has not signed a contract to build the orange skytrain "Saksam" to wait for the case of the dispute with BTS to end!|Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport Unveiling the progress of private selection for the Mrt Orange Line project During Bang Khun Non-Minburi (Suwinthawong), the amount of 139,127 million baht, he said that the process is still at the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA), which has not yet submitted the results of private selection to the Ministry of Transport for reporting. The Minister acknowledged before signing the contract with the recipient of the contract, namely Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited (BEM). They have a policy. The R.F.M. waits for all lawsuits. Between the Selection Committee under Section 36 of the Public-Private Joint Investment Act B.E. 2562 (2019) The Orange Line project, MRT and Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC) are still under administrative court proceedings. The contract was then signed, ending all doubts, even possibly causing the opening of the East Orange Line. Cultural Center - Minburi (Suwinthawong) There was a delay. Construction of the East Orange Line was signed in February 2017. Currently, construction work is progressing 98.48%, but there are no plans to open the operation due to the work under the contract combined with the construction of the west coast during Bang Khun Non - Cultural Center that is waiting to be signed with BEM.
Bank of Thailand points to 31.5 million tourists in 2024|The Bank of Thailand (BOT) reports. The latest monetary policy report for December assessed that the Thai economy is likely to continue to recover. It is estimated that the Thai economy will continue to expand at a rate of 3.9% in 2024, up from 3.2% this year and 3.7% in 2023. This was reflected by the continued increase in the number of foreign tourists and the improvement in the tourism sector. The number of foreign tourists is expected to reach 10.5 million and 22 million in 2022, with an annual increase of 1 million in 2023. Compared to the previous estimate, in 2017, it will continue to increase to 31.5 million, or 79% from 2019, with the highest number of tourists at 40 million. This was supported by economic activity, particularly in the service sector, as well as improved and more diversified labor incomes. at the same time ALTHOUGH THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN WILL AFFECT THE EXPORT SECTOR, THE VALUE OF MERCHANDISE EXPORTS IN 2023 AND 2024 IS LIKELY TO EXPAND AT A SLOWER PACE DUE TO VOLUME SPONSORED FACTORS. Especially products that are sensitive to the economic outlook of trading partners, such as automotive, apparel, electrical appliances, and industrial products, but some groups of products, such as agricultural products and agricultural industries, can still expand. The BoT also expects headline inflation to decline, expanding by 3% in 2023 to return to the inflation target in the third quarter of 2023 and continuing to decline in 2024. The latter adjusted trade routes to mitigate the impact of sanctions.
Can't fight, provincial vans invade the city Reduce annual costs of GPS devices|Mr. Virat Pimpanit, Advisor to the Minister of Transport Revealed that it was given by Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Minister of Transport shall receive a letter from the representatives of the Provincial Van Business Association. From Mr. Preeda Makmulphon The president of the Provincial Van Business Association, in order to monitor the progress of resolving the problem, stressed that the Minister of Transport We are very concerned and willing to help entrepreneurs who have suffered. Therefore, the Ministry has instructed agencies under relevant ministries to jointly consider ways to help within the framework of the law to ensure fairness to all parties and in line with the current lifestyle of Thai society. 1. Request to reduce the annual cost of GPS devices from 3,000 baht per year to 1,500 baht per year. We will coordinate with gps dealers and gps vendors to reach a conclusion as soon as possible. 2. Request to recover the use of the van for another year and 3. Request the Company to unlock 46 vehicles that have been inspected by the Company. MR. VIRAT ADDED THAT THE MINISTRY OF TRANSPORT HAS BEEN AWARE OF VARIOUS PROBLEMS AND HAS ASSIGNED THE B.B. AND TRANSPORT COMPANY LIMITED (B.B.C.) Consider solutions to alleviate the association's suffering initially. As for the long-term amendment, it must be approved by the Central Land Transport Control Board. The meeting is expected to be held soon.
Commerce protects exporters U.S. letter opposing photovoltaic inquiry results|Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade The U.S. Department of Commerce announced the results of a preliminary inquiry into the export of solar cells from Malaysia, Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand. It is considered to be an impersonation of the origin of the 4 countries exporting to the U.S. in order to evade the anti-dumping tariffs (AD) and anti-subsidy tariffs (CVD) imposed by the U.S. on Chinese goods. The U.S. Department of Commerce sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Commerce on Dec. 9, 2022, to challenge the outcome of the inquiry, and on Dec. 13, it discussed with Thai exporters to prepare a counter-argument against the outcome of the inquiry." Thailand's solar cell exports continued to increase, with 10 months (Jan-Oct) exporting USD 940.16 million this year, up 3% compared to the same period in 2021.
Choo Travel Driver! The economy grew by 3.6% in 2023.|University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce Thailand's GDP is expected to grow by 3.6% in 2023. Expect 22-24 tourists to visit Thailand. Million people Tourism and domestic consumption will return to be the driving hero of the economy. Exports were only a factor in the slowdown of 1.2% growth due to the global recession, said Thanawat Polvichai, president of the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and chief advisor to the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting. The Centre expects Thailand's GDP growth rate to expand by 3.6% in 2023. Private investment expanded 3.2%, exports expanded 1.2%, imports expanded 2.2%, headline inflation 3.0%, and the number of foreign tourists visiting Thailand was 22 million. These estimates are based on the assumption that global trade volume grew by 2.5%, the global economy grew by 2.7%, and the number of foreign tourists entering Thailand was 22-24 million. At an exchange rate of 35.95 baht per U.S. dollar, Dubai crude oil prices average $92.50 per barrel, policy rate 1.25-2.00%. The positive factors affecting the Thai economy during the rest of 2022-23 are the improvement of the COVID-19 situation and the endemic adjustment of foreign tourists and the recovery of the tourism sector, private spending showing clear signs of recovery, continued growth in farmers' incomes and general elections in 2023. This reduces access to capital goods. The economy is expected to grow 3.5% in the first quarter of 2023, driven by tourism and high agricultural prices. This makes it more spent. The service sector recovered, especially the night business, causing money to flow in the economy, as well as preparing for the upcoming elections in Q1, resulting in continued cash flow until Q2, which will support the Thai economy well. The economy has recovered, and in the second half of the year, public investment will become clearer. This is especially true of the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC), which will attract foreign investment. "In 2023, exports that used to be the hero will become a factor because they started to slow down in the fourth quarter of 2022, continuing to do so next year, while consumption continues to be good, coupled with outstanding tourism growth, which will be a major driver of the economy next year, which is expected to attract 22-24 million tourists. Generates 1.1 trillion baht".
The Lottery Division reiterates that selling tickets over 80 baht is illegal.|The Lottery Division revealed that the sale of digital tickets at a price not exceeding 80 baht through the Pao Tang app is the only channel, reiterating that the sale of tickets over 80 baht is illegal on December 15, 2022. The government lottery office sells digital tickets at a price not exceeding 80 baht through the Pao Tang app only through one channel for overpriced tickets, and buying tickets through private platforms for more than 80 baht or with an additional charge of more than 80 baht is illegal and encourages the sale of overpriced tickets with information from the Government Lottery Office's fan page.
OR-Bangchak confident diesel sales for new year|Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer, Plc. PTT Oil and Retail (OR) disclosed that according to the Department of Energy Business, oil traders are required to bring oil reserves in accordance with the law. A group of fast-spinning diesel fuels is released. At the rate of 70% of the statutory oil reserves, which are set at 1% from December 10, 2022 to January 31, 2023, to increase the flow of fast-moving diesel into the system. In order to accommodate the growing demand, OR is ready to operate and have a management plan to ensure that there is enough oil. Station everywhere Oil is available to consumers and does not affect new year travel. OR has provided all depots nationwide with fuel reserves, as well as managing oil tankers to deliver enough fuel. Reassure consumers that there is enough oil available. There is no shortage as Mr. Somchai Tejavanich Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President Bangchak Corporation Plc. revealed that Bangchak is ready to comply with the policy of the Department of Energy Business. In order to bring out diesel fuel reserves to be sold in addition to normal quantities to help alleviate the tightness and support the demand for higher oil consumption during the festive season, as well as to provide happiness in the New Year. No oil price hike for 10 days during 24 Dec 2022-2 Jan 2023 Even if the price of oil in the world market rises. Bangchak will also lower its price. TO HELP EASE THE BURDEN OF PUBLIC EXPENDITURE.
Gartner By 2027, more than 40% of global organizations will approach the Metaverse. |Gartner Inc., a leading global technology research firm. One of the issues raised is the Metaverse, which Gartner has designated as a virtual 3D simulation space that allows people to use it together. Built on the integration of the physical and digital realities, the Metaverse will continue to emerge and provide a more immersive experience, with Gartner expecting that the complete Metaverse is not device-dependent and will not be solely a supplier or owner, but will have its own virtual economy using cryptocurrencies and tokens that cannot be changed. By 2027, Gartner predicts that more than 40% of large global organizations will use a combination of technologies such as Web3, AR Cloud and Digital Twins in any project on the Metaverse, with the goal of increasing revenue. The goal is to continuously develop new models and learn within the making or implementation period and in the development environment. By relying on new databases to adapt the system to rapid changes based on unpredictable real-world scenarios, these are all technology trends that are part of the pioneer that businesses need to study and keep an eye on for next year.
SEC warns ChomCHOB has not been licensed Conducting digital asset business in Thailand|SEC. 1. Revealed individual ChomCHOB platform providers Chomchob Group Co., Ltd. has not been granted a license to operate digital assets in Thailand and warns the public and investors to be cautious if they are persuaded to use the service, as it may not be protected by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC has detected that it provides platforms for trading or exchanging digital assets through various channels, both on ChomCHOB's website and mobile application, as well as advertising about such services through social media channels such as Facebook and Instagram. According to the Digital Asset Business Decree B.E. 2561 (2018) Therefore, the public and investors are asked to exercise caution. If solicited to trade, exchange digital assets, receive deposits. Transfer, withdraw or transact in connection with digital assets as they may not be regulated by the SEC and traders may not be protected by such laws. The digital asset business is regulated by the Digital Asset Act A person who advertises, publicizes, or presents himself to the general public in solicitation or provides trading, exchange, depository services. Transfer, withdraw money or make transactions related to digital assets Must be a person authorized by such laws, and violators may be punished according to the law.
SSF hopes to boost Thai stocks at the end of the year, statistics show that the amount of money has plummeted from 20 billion to billion.|Investors are warned not to dream of SSF pushing Thai stocks later this year. The amount has shrunk from 20 billion baht to 1 billion baht. After switching from LTF to SSF and buying foreign stocks, Asia Plus Securities revealed that the research department estimated that it would be difficult to see tax-saving funds flowing back into the market for the rest of the year. Even in the past, the last curve of the year always used LTF to support the Thai stock market, reflecting that December (2012-2019) was often the month for institutional investors. Net purchases of the Thai stock market averaged the highest compared to other months. In December 2016, there was an inflow of 22,223 million baht. In December 2017, there was an inflow of 26,698 million baht. In December 2018, there was an inflow of 22,262 million baht. In December 2019, the inflow was 25,335 million baht, however, during December 2 last year. Net sales of institutional investors began to be 18 billion baht. in 2020 and 8.6 billion baht. In 2021, due to the lack of funds, ltf funds funded by the research department conducted the study. The data showed that there is usually an inflow to LTF only in December, around 2 to 30 billion baht, but when it is changed to SSF, there is a monthly inflow. December 2020 and 2021 are less than 2 billion baht per month only. The tax deduction limit of SSF is 200,000 baht less than LTF at 500,000 baht. SSF for up to 10 years As for LTF holding only 7 calendar years (if buying at the end of the year, selling at the beginning of the year, leaving only 5 years of holding time), SPONSORED, including a variety of products of SSF more than LTF, SSF has the type of fund that can choose to invest in foreign financial markets, but LTF invests only in the country and is mostly 100% Thai stocks.
Central bank challenges amid changing global context| Thananthorn Mahapornprajak Bank of Thailand in early December The Bank of Thailand has partnered with the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), which acts as a central bank for more than 60 member states. Held an academic seminar on the functioning of central banks in a changing and increasingly challenging global context, with central bank governors from more than 10 countries and relevant experts. Senior executives of the public and private sectors participated in the exchange of views on various fields. Therefore, I would like to share some interesting points with readers that central banks around the world are facing challenges from the context of the rapidly changing economy, finance, and world. Although the economic conditions in each region are different, the main challenge facing each country is to stabilize the financial economy, especially the problem of rapidly rising inflation and the possibility of greater volatility. This will require a combination of fiscal and monetary policy, as well as effective and clear communication to households and businesses acknowledging that inflation will be pulled back to the target range, because allowing inflation expectations to continue rising will be dangerous and will lead to higher economic losses than the economic slowdown caused by tight monetary policy. however Greater inflation volatility can also mean a chance to return to the low inflation era as in the past. Because of the trend of entering the ageing society in many countries. Demographic changes, fewer migrations, and the likelihood of a globalization backlash from geopolitical conflicts in Europe and strategic competition between the United States and China. THE LONG-TERM CHALLENGES FACED BY CENTRAL BANKS INCLUDE TWO MAIN ISSUES: DIGITAL NEW GLOBAL TRENDS AND CLIMATE CHANGE. Future technology development trends will affect the financial sector. As a result, central banks must find the right policy balance between promoting innovation and taking care of risks to financial stability. To enable the financial sector to use various technologies to develop innovations to increase efficiency. Meet the needs of service users, helping people to access financial services more thoroughly. Facilitate market competition from small players who specialize in new technologies. however Technology development brings risks to be aware of as well, such as the risk of dependence on technology providers that may be concentrated, cyber risks, privacy risks and data leaks, etc. It is a challenge that has never been faced before and will affect the growth of the economy in the next phase. Central banks need to understand and prepare solutions to deal with such impacts. Both in terms of monetary policy to take care of the impact on the economy and inflation, and policies to take care of the stability of financial institutions and financial systems, such as standardized environmental risk assessments. This includes increasing its role in supporting the timely transition to an environmentally friendly economy, all so that central banks can continue to maintain financial stability, which is our core mission.
KTC develops payment service business to push merchants to grow in the digital age |KTC develops payment service business to push merchants to grow in the digital age At the end of 2022, credit card acceptance is expected to grow by 20%, according to Ms. Naowarat Keeratikasemsuk, Chief Executive Officer. Krungthai Card Public Company Limited (KTC) said that merchant acquiring business this year (Jan-Nov 2022) saw a 19.6% increase in card receipts compared to the previous year, with the COVID-19 situation being a catalyst for consumers to spend through cashless society payments both offline and online. In addition, it is the shopping season during special festivals, which will have a positive effect on merchants and reflect KTC's ability to achieve the target growth of 20% by the end of 2022. To facilitate and help merchants increase their potential and opportunities to sell products and services through the 6 types of card acceptance service system as follows:1. In addition to plugging the card into the machine, it is convenient, fast and secure, meets international standards, supports both credit and debit card payments of all banks. Google Pay can be paid in full and in installments (for KTC credit cards) and supports cards in multiple currencies. Free machine insurance Install the machine and paper sales slip2. KTC Payment Gateway, a 24-hour online payment system that supports payment for both Visa and Mastercard credit cards. JCB UnionPay and debit cards to enable customers to purchase products and pay on the store's website conveniently, quickly and securely.3. Link Pay is a payment system where merchants can create a link to receive payments by LINK or QR Code and send it to customers to pay by credit card or debit card through channels that merchants contact with customers, such as social media and email. KTC QR Pay The service accepts payment services by credit card or PromptPay, just scan the QR Code queue via smartphone. More importantly, the store does not have to run for change. Don't worry about card reader charges, where QR Pay services are gaining popularity. 5. KTC Recurring can quickly make transactions. Automatic billing service via credit or debit card account to allow merchants to charge cardholders for a specified period of time, suitable for deducting monthly or periodic fees as specified by the merchant, such as utility bills, telephone bills, membership fees, insurance premiums, charitable donations, common fees of residential buildings6. Alibaba's Alipay service allows Chinese tourists visiting Thailand or Chinese nationals living in Thailand with Alipay accounts to pay for goods and services via the Alipay app at the store. The service is easy to use. fashionable It also increases the opportunity to advertise stores on the Alipay application, with navigators to help Alipay users find store locations more easily. KTC's recruitment and management department said that online payment technology is now more convenient and available in a variety of formats. Moreover, online shopping devices have changed, with more than half of transactions coming from smartphones and tablets. Merchants should therefore look for the right online payment methods and alternatives for consumers. KTC Payment Gateway is another option that can complement and meet the needs of online merchants to large enterprises. To provide a positive experience for merchants and consumers. Secure security is the key to providing financial services that KTC considers first so that both merchants and customers can rest assured that every transaction will be secured with international standards, which KTC is supported by many institutions, including card scheme, ISO, as well as PCIDSS standard, which is the highest standard of storage used in the credit card industry.
 Thai The broker expects the airline to fully recover next year. |THAI accelerates financial solutions and prepares to bring the company back to trading Pointing out that all problems must be completed within 2 years, pointing out that the situation is getting better, accelerating the improvement of the fleet to create growth. Senior Chief Financial Officer, Acting Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited It revealed that the progress of the return to trading on the Stock Exchange of Thailand is still under assessment of readiness. The return to trading must be in the best interest of all parties, both creditors and shareholders. The process of restoring THAI must be completed by 2024. Recently, the company has increased its capital worth more than 336 billion baht to correct its financial position, and in the future, it will increase its capital again and will give creditors and shareholders the opportunity to participate in this capital increase. There has been a very good recovery in line with the situation of the global aviation industry recovering well. During the third quarter, the number of passengers was 2.58 million. This is an increase of 33.3% from the previous quarter, with a passenger load rate of 77%. The number of passengers continued to expand well even though China had not yet opened its doors. Thai Airways has opened a new route. In November 2022, 18 countries were opened, up from 12 countries and 31 destinations in the same period last year. A total of 256 flights per week, up from 50 last year, and 160,890 seats per week, up from 34,770 last year, must be acknowledged that EBITDA may be negative 2-3%SPONSORED. AOT's share of airport carriers is better positioned than AAV due to stronger performance, as AAV's operations and operating results will be affected by higher aircraft fuel costs and a weaker baht.
OR shares have fallen sharply, hitting their lowest point since entering the trade. Get news Norwegian funds take stocks out of portfolio| OR shares fell more than 2.49% to a one-year and 10-month low, analysts said. Stop investing and remove stocks from the portfolio Due to investment factors in Myanmar, the share price movement of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited faces a continuous sell-off. The day closed at 23.50 baht, down 0.60 baht or 2.49%. UOB Kay Hian Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited The factors that put pressure on OR's share price today were revealed. Norges Bank released a statement on Dec. 15 that the Fund's Board of Directors has resolved to remove PTT and OR shares from its portfolio for the main reason why the Norwegian major fund chose to remove two shares from its portfolio due to unacceptable risks related to participation in privacy violations. Key details include: 1) Norges Bank Fund holds approximately 0.23% of shares in OR (approximately 28 million shares). This is likely due to two OR investments in Myanmar: JV and Bright Energy (OR holds 35% of the shares) in wholesale and petroleum products storage businesses. It is still under construction and has ceased since the coup in Myanmar, and another JV is in the retail business (OR holds 51%), which has ceased operations since the coup. Or's performance in Q4 is expected to recover both from the same period last year and from the same period last year. The mobility business will be the main driver in line with the improved ASEAN economy, supporting oil sales growth well. Supporting sales of food and beverage segments as well as improved business margin As for the long-term growth picture, the expansion to new businesses both in Thailand and abroad will be strong, such as the plan to open 100 pumps per year. Amazon has 400 new branches and aims to install 850 EV charging stations by 2023 (about 350 of them).
3 Chinese stock management firms, Vietnamese stocks grow outstandingly, overtaking U.S. stocks|3 Chinese stocks, Vietnamese stocks, have outperformed the U.S. stock market, while European stocks focus on logistics, or stocks with the main income from outside the country. Mr. Nawarorit Jirachon, Head of Investment Research, SCB Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SCBAM), said that in 2023, the U.S. economy will slow down or recede slightly in the first half of the year, so the market could be very volatile. Europe is expected to experience a recession due to the impact of the war that continues until the beginning of 2023, while the Japanese economy is still growing slightly. The value of the shares fell by 30% compared to the beginning of the year due to the issue of limiting liquidity quotas that banks can lend. In addition, the Vietnamese stock market is a market where investors use margin accounts. Borrowing money from securities companies is trading a lot. Investors who use this account to trade are also forced to sell their shares because of the decrease in the value of their shares. As a result, additional collateral was called, but it could not be paid. However, if you can make a long-term investment. The Vietnamese stock market is also attractive, suggesting a gradual buy-in for developed markets, although less attractive, but there are still groups that have already fallen significantly, such as semiconductor stocks, as well as small-cap stocks that normally perform better than large-cap stocks in the aftermath of the recession. "Investors can wait for the market to reach the bottom first and buy later, because studies have shown that there is a better chance of buying before reaching the bottom." Dr. Chanwut Rungsaengmanun, Assistant Managing Director MFC Asset Management Public Company Limited (MFC) expects the U.S. economy to slow down in 2023 but not recession, growing by 0.4%. The economic recovery is expected to be delayed by the U.S. and the Japanese economy is expected to grow by 1.4-1.5% during this period. Investing in emerging markets is therefore attractive. The first market to look at is China, followed by Vietnam, because the value of stocks is quite good for both, but China has the opportunity to recover first because it is waiting for the relaxation of zero Covid control measures and the population has high savings ready to spend once the city is opened. Vietnam is interesting because it has a good growth story, but there are internal management risks for the U.S. market. If you want to invest, you should focus on defensive stocks with strong growth, good performance, regular dividend payments. European stocks should focus on logistics stocks, or stocks with major income from outside Europe and good performance, rather than investing in european stock indices as a whole. It is recommended to gradually accumulate long-term government bonds that will benefit when the bong yield decreases more than short-term bonds. The debentures should focus on investment grade, while alternative assets, global real estate investment trusts, especially in Asia, are attractive because of their high dividend structure and high growth. FOCUSING ON GROUPS THAT ARE LOGISTICS-THEMED, THE THEME OF OPENING THE CITYSPONSORED MR. BADIN PUTIN Director of Investment Strategy Eastspring Asset Management (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Eastspring) said the U.S. economy is unlikely to reach a recession in 2023, perhaps only a small growth, weighing 40% that the U.S. economy will grow thinly, giving 40% weight to mild recession, and weighing only 20% on whether there will be a severe recession. If China can't open its doors by mid-2023, the U.S. could face a recession. The U.S. economy is also likely to experience a severe recession. Now we are starting to see signs of a slowing economy. Japan is unlikely to experience a recession and is currently one of the few countries that has adopted accommodative monetary policy and fiscal stimulus measures. In the second half of 2023, the market recovery is likely to come from China's opening. This is expected to happen in Q2, which will allow emerging markets that trade with China to benefit from sponsored bonds of companies with investment grade quality, which may reduce the risk of some companies being reduced by shortening their holding period. In terms of alternative assets, Global Reit is seen as attractive.
BJC aims to spread its wings at 30,000 points|Mrs. Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul Senior Executive Vice President, Berli Yugger Public Company Limited (BJC) Revealed on 18 Jan 2023 BJC will officially launch Mechok 168 Co., Ltd. as a new retail model for the "Resonate" network that develops POS, a modern retail system that helps choui store operators to be strong and grow sustainably. From the vision of Charoen Siriwattanapakdee The chairman of ThaiBev Group is committed to helping develop local entrepreneurs like Cho Hau. To be able to achieve long-term sustainable growth after the unofficial launch earlier this year. The network has expanded to 1,000 stores in the form of 4 stores: the smallest XS 256 stores, S 420 stores. Shop, M 182 With the first branches opening in Nakhon Ratchasima and the North-East, there are as many as 400 stores. In the first phase, "Big C", a center with more than 200 branches, will be used as a warehouse for popular stores nationwide and will continue to expand to "Mini Big C", along with a roadshow to invite Cho Hau to join the SPONSORED network. At present, Cho Hau nationwide has more than 400,000 stores, and the right store to turn into a popular store is retail stores in small to large communities that sell products directly to consumers." The second model adopts a POS system that has been developed to suit the needs of choui store business. BJC will renovate the store to a modern layout, but there will be a monthly administrative fee of approximately 4,000 baht per month. The store's profit will be 15% from sales.
The state is confident that rice exports this year will surpass the target, revealing weak contributing factors.|Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade Thailand's rice export target is set at 7.5 million tonnes this year. This is up from the previous target of 7 million tonnes. However, it is expected that exports will exceed the target because from January 1 to December 14, 2022. 8.58 million tonnes have been issued for exports. Meanwhile, actual exports passed through customs in the last 10 months (Jan-Oct) this year stood at 6.2 million tonnes. Value 109,206 Million Baht This represented an increase in both volume and value of 33% and 32.4%, respectively, from the same period in 2021, exporting 4.66 million tonnes. The reason for the increase in exports was because the weak baht made Thai rice prices competitive, including Iraq. It has started buying up to 500% or importing 1.3 million tonnes. Only 200,000 tonnes were imported in the same period last year, while major markets such as the U.S. and the Philippines continued to grow. White rice 5% per ton at USD 465 per ton and Jasmine rice at USD 978 per ton, while in 2013, export volume will definitely be higher than in 2022. In 2023, sponsored for the Thai rice market promotion plan, will accelerate and organize market promotion activities to maintain and expand the market for existing customers and find new customers.
Strict order prohibiting the burden of electricity bills The Department of Internal Trade blocked entrepreneurs from raising prices.|Lieutenant General Chakra Yodmanee, Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade Revealed the increase in electricity bills for the period January-April 2023 in both households and businesses. 4.72-5.69 baht per unit that electricity costs are part of the cost of production of goods, and the department will closely monitor the impact of the hike on the cost of producing goods. So as not to affect consumers or have the least impact. The private sector is of the opinion that raising electricity bills will cause products to increase prices by 5-12%, there is no permission for any group of entrepreneurs to raise prices, and we would like to warn entrepreneurs or merchants not to take advantage of the opportunity to use the electricity bill hike as an excuse to raise the price of goods without being in line with the actual cost. If it is a product that is in a controlled account, permission must be sought before adjusting the price. It must be proposed for consideration on a case-by-case basis. "The assessment of the impact of electricity on costs will look at 2 main parts, the first is the cost of production, such as electricity costs in production, such as machinery, assembly, processing of goods, part 2, electricity bills for general management, which already has information, but it is not possible to determine which products are affected less or more because they do not want to guide the market. Prices for many products have been steadily decreasing compared to the previous month, including fresh food and consumer goods, with fresh food prices falling by 2-3%, such as pork and red meat, last week, kilograms (kg). 175 baht per person because more products go to market. The chicken thighs are attached to the hips. 78.25 baht per kg. 85.56 baht per kg, 3 eggs 3.78 baht per kg, but can be purchased at a cheaper price because there are promotions such as Makro, red meat pork. 155-157 baht per kg. 71-72 baht per kg. Big C sells for 79 baht per kg, and can also be purchased at many fresh markets in Bangkok and upcountry, such as The King's Property Market. Ratchaburi Wiboonsri Market, Samut Prakan Talaad Thai Pathum Thani and Wattananond Market Thanphet Market Nonthaburi sells red meat pork. 60 baht per kg, Municipal Fresh Market 6 Phitsanulok, ThanPetchnon Market Sirisethanon Market Chicken thighs for sale 68-70 baht per kg. Many department stores hold promotional promotions, such as Big C, palm oil. 47 baht per bottle, Makro, Big C, Lotus and CJ Express sells soybean oil at 57 baht per bottle, Makro Sugar Department Store (1 kg). 21 baht per bag, as well as electrical appliances that many department stores also promote. As for fresh vegetables, most of them have decreased in price because it is the winter when the produce is very large, especially from the north, such as Chinese cabbage, cabbage, but some species are slightly higher in price due to inclement weather, causing slow growth of the crop, such as kale, lentils, Cantonese, Chinese slugs, etc.
Bot announces moratorium on debt repayment, confident that Thailand will grow in global economic recession next year|The BoT governor confirmed that in 2023, the Thai economy will continue to grow at 3.7% due to the recovery of consumption and tourism. Household debt must be solved only on the spot, not carpeted by Mr. Sethaputhi Suttivatnruputti, Governor of the Bank of Thailand (BOT). "Thailand Next Move 2023: The Nation Recharge" said that 2023 will be a challenging year for the Thai economy, with the main challenges coming from the global economy. Some may feel the impact of the war between Russia and Ukraine. That has led to higher food and energy prices, or some may feel that the impact is due to the U.S. dollar. THE RISKS IN CHINA'S REAL ESTATE SECTOR REFLECT THAT THE RISKS AND IMPACTS COME IN MANY DIMENSIONS, AND NEXT YEAR THESE RISKS REMAIN." There are risks associated with volatile global financial markets, mainly due to relatively fast and strong interest rate hikes in many major countries. Countries with high debts will also face problems. An example of this is that markets that people used to consider safe, such as the British market, started to have problems. Thailand is confident that the Thai economy will continue to recover. Although exports are affected by the global economic slowdown, the BOT expects exports to grow by only 1% in 2023. The Bot estimates that in 2022, there will be about 10 million foreign tourists. In 2020, 20 million Thai workers "The Thai economy is expected to grow by 3% in 2022 and 3.7% in 2023, while the current account deficit in 2022 will return to surplus in 2023 due to the recovery of tourism. The first challenge is to normalize monetary policy. What will cause the Thai economic recovery to be intermittent is that inflation will rise and not return to the appropriate level. The financial system has been disrupted, which has gradually adjusted interest rates, as well as trying to reduce the financial sector measures in a carpeted manner, making more targeted measures to suit the economy that has returned to normal"The result is that inflation, which used to reach a peak of more than 7%, gradually fell to 5.5%, with the BOT expecting to enter the range of 1-3% in the second half of 2023. Loans can also expand. Commercial banks are also strong." The BOT must take care of implementing the policy in principle because breaking the principles will aggravate the problem and create long-term consequences, such as household debt, not suitable for carpeted measures because it may create false incentives and should not create additional burdens for debtors, such as debt suspension, because it does not make the debt burden disappear. At present, the Bank is pushing to solve the debt problem to be more comprehensive, both existing debt and the period ahead, with priority from before debt formation, such as financial literacy, and the BOT also gives importance to the release of new debt, namely providing financial institutions with responsible lending. It does not create too much debt burden on the debtor, but this takes time. Solving debt problems cannot be viewed solely as debt. It must be done in conjunction with income as well. Solving the debt will not end.
YLG reveals "gold" rest, suitable for collecting and issuing gold cards starting at 1,300 baht|YLG reveals "gold price" dormant After the Fed signaled it would move forward with raising interest rates next year, it sees it as an opportunity. Buy even if the market is worried about the recession and issue a gold card starting at 1,300 baht. Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG) said that the Fed's policy rate hike on Wednesday, December 14, 2022, was 0.50% as expected by the market. Although the Fed is likely to continue its upward interest rate policy in 2023. However, YLG sees dormancy as an opportunity to accumulate gold, as in the medium and long term, gold is viewed in a neutral-positive direction. This is due to a significant increase in gold purchases from central banks around the world during the quarter. 3/65The SPDR fund began to slow down the sell-off of gold and resumed buying more gold during the month. While the buying of physical gold from China after China eased the lockdown and the buying of gold for the Chinese New Year at the beginning of next year is important, investors are becoming even more concerned about the recession due to the slowing U.S. economy, which may cause the Fed to change its position on monetary policy next year. It has support at 1,765-1,747 USD per ounce. Resistance at 1,800-1,824 USD per ounce Domestic gold prices slipped in the range. 29,000-30,000SPONSORED Mrs. Pawan said that during the festive season, Physical gold is expected to gain momentum, as evidenced by the return of buying power from China and India. In particular, some people want to deliver it as a christening and New Year's gift. YLG has released a collection of Christmas gold cards starting at 1,300 baht.
In 11 months, foreign capital has flowed into Thailand of over 112 billion baht. Japan also reigned champions. The Chinese capital is number two.|The Department of Business Development revealed that in 11 months of 2022, foreigners have invested more than 112 billion baht in Thailand. Japanese capital also ranks first, followed by China and Singapore, employing 5,008 Thais. Foreign investment data from January to November 2022 for a total of 11 months, with a total of 530 foreigners allowed to invest in business in Thailand. The top five investors were Japan (137 (26 percent) with an investment of 39 billion baht, Singapore 85 (16 percent) with an investment of 11,999 million baht, the United States with 70 (13 percent) with an investment of 3,343 million baht, Hong Kong with 38 investors (7 percent) with an investment of 8,451 million baht and China with 25 (5 percent) with an investment of 22,677 million baht. Compared to the same period in 2021, the number of foreign investors allowed to invest in Thailand increased by more than 6% to a total of 500 authorized investors. In 2021, the highest number of foreigners invested was Japan, Singapore and the United States, as well as in 2022, for most licensed businesses in line with the country's infrastructure development. Government investment promotion policy and support businesses related to the country's target industries Such as design and construction services. Install and monitor energy storage systems For the mixed power plant project for U-Tapao Airport, petroleum well drilling services within the concessionary exploration plot area in the Gulf of Thailand, dredging services. To develop infrastructure in Map Ta Phut Industrial Port Development Project, electric vehicle charging station service for electric vehicles, engineering and technical services such as comprehensive technical consulting in automotive parts manufacturing. International distribution centers with modern systems, development and software services for big data, data analytics, while foreign investors' investments in the EEC area from January to November 2022 saw 105 foreign investors interested in investing in the EEC area, representing 20% of the total number of investors, with an investment value of 48,316 million baht. 43% of total investments were made by 42 investors from Japan with an investment of 24,520 million baht. 9 China with an investment of 10,956 million baht and Singapore 9 with an investment of 2,156 million baht. Software development services, which are the design and development of production control management systems in factories and inventory management systems, and 3) engineering and technical services such as application development, software upgrades, etc. As of November 2022, 50 foreigners were allowed to do business in Thailand, divided into 17 foreigners' business licenses and 33 foreigners' business certificates, totaling 6,029 million baht. It employs 373 Thais, mostly investors from Japan. In addition, technology transfer which is specialized knowledge directly from the investment country to Thai people, such as knowledge about the principles of testing and monitoring the operation of voltage control cabinets. Knowledge of system operation related to Internet Protocol Television (IPTV), etc.SPONSORED         
"Ministry of Labour" pushes "Muay Thai" to a profession with international standards|"Ministry of Labour" is ready to promote the profession of "Muay Thai" to be a soft power to drive the economy to a profession with international standards on December 18, 2022. Labour Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the government under the leadership of Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense The company has a policy to push soft power activities and has actively promoted and encouraged Muay Thai to be accepted internationally. The Ministry of Labour is in the process of standardizing the skills of Muay Thai trainers in order to promote the profession of Muay Thai trainers to international recognition. Mr. Suchart added that due to his trip to attend the Annual General Meeting of the International Labour Organization( ICO) At the 110th session in June 2022, my group and I had the opportunity to meet Thais in Switzerland. This makes them aware of the shortage of standard Muay Thai trainers abroad. Therefore, the Thai Fight Tournament in Geneva was supported by a budget of 800,000 baht from several private sector organizations that recognized the importance of Muay Thai and wanted Muay Thai to be a profession with international standards. The 5th pair, which is the main pair, is a fight between Fleury Sebastien, a Swiss professional Thai boxer, and P.K. Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Thai boxer There were about 700 spectators to the race, however. Nowadays, Muay Thai is a martial art that continues to receive global attention. For its part, the Ministry of Labour is ready to push forward the implementation of the relevant sections fully in order to make Muay Thai internationally acceptable.
Thai Airbus A380 resurrection plan to boost fleet of 9 aircraft|Thai Airways' fleet of 61 full-fledged aircraft will be fully operational by the beginning of next year, adding at least 9 more aircraft to accommodate the passenger surge, folding the A380 resurrection plan, repair costs in the billions. Meanwhile, 22 aircraft are still waiting to be sold. Senior Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Executive Officer, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Thai Airways said in 2023 that it plans to procure at least nine additional aircraft, including three Airbus A330-300s and two Boeing B777-200ER, which have been suspended since COVID-19. It is under maintenance to be able to fly back to normal operation. In addition, four new Airbus A350-900 aircraft will be leased, all of which are under consideration by the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) and the Ministry of Transport. The first aircraft is expected to arrive in Q1 2023. Thai Airways' aircraft include 12 Airbus A350s, 4 Boeing B777-200ER, 17 Boeing B777-300ER, 8 Boeing B787s and 20 Airbus A320-200 aircraft. IF CHINA REOPENS THE COUNTRY, WORRIED THAT THERE WILL NOT BE ENOUGH AIRCRAFT, MR. SUVARTANA SAID THAT ALL 61 AIRCRAFT NOW HAVE AN AVERAGE OF 12 HOURS OF AIRCRAFT USAGE PER DAY, WHICH IS ALREADY QUITE FULL. The average maximum aircraft usage hours is 13 hours per day. However, the aircraft imported into the fleet in 2023 will be used to increase the frequency of various routes around the world that Thai Airways operates, especially European and Japanese routes. In addition, it will be used to fly at the same flight point that was stopped during covid-19. Previously, there were plans to bring 6 Airbus A380s that had not been sold to improve the travel volume of passengers because such machines can accommodate a large number of passengers, but after discussions with Airbus and technicians, it was found that bringing back the aircraft that had been left for 2 years to fly again took about 7-8 months to be ready to fly safely. Therefore, the plan was folded." At present, the company has sold 19 aircraft, including 1 Airbus A300-600, 1 Boeing B737-100, 12 Boeing B747-400, 1 Airbus A340-500 and 4 Airbus A340-600. Thai Airways International said it was considering leasing four Airbus A350-900 aircraft that will join the fleet in 2023 with a lease period of 12 years. Hundreds of thousands of U.S. dollars or about 27 million baht. The aircraft rental fee will be paid on a monthly basis.
Fiscal New Year's Gift Package Maker Stimulate spending|Reporters reported that the Cabinet meeting on December 20 will consider new year gift measures 2023 to stimulate spending to stimulate the domestic economy. The Ministry of Finance is preparing to propose the following measures: tax measures, measures from government agencies and state financial institutions, in terms of tax measures, will offer a "Shop Dee Me Back" program that will allow those who spend to bring expenses from the purchase of goods and services to receive tax deduction according to the amount actually paid up to 40,000 baht, divided into a limit of purchases of goods and services not exceeding 30,000 baht, and additionally for purchases of goods with electronic tax invoices of 10,000 baht, starting from January 1 to February 15, 2023, for a total period of 46 days. The expenses that can be used will be the purchase of goods and services as in the past, except for the purchase of liquor, beer, wine, tobacco, cars, motorcycles, boats, hotel accommodation, tour guides, utilities, water supply, electricity, telephone, internet and insurance premiums. IT WILL ALSO PROPOSE AN EXTENSION OF THE FUEL EXCISE TAX FOR DOMESTIC JETS TO 0.20 BAHT PER LITRE FROM 31 DECEMBER 2022 TO SUPPORT THE TOURISM INDUSTRY AND REDUCE THE COST OF LIVING FOR PEOPLE. Additional assistance measures for low-income people Card for the poor, including vulnerable groups In addition, the Ministry of Finance will propose to extend the measure to reduce the registration fee for housing that will end at the end of this year by reducing the transfer fee from 2% to 0.01% and reducing the mortgage fee from 1% to 0.01%. Row houses, commercial buildings and condominiums.
The Minister is expected to launch an economic stimulus package tomorrow. 7 stocks expected in retail sector Travel with good results|Analysts are looking forward to providing gifts to stimulate the economy at the end of the year, including good shopping, having a night, traveling together in Phase 5, looking to help build confidence in the stock market. Asia Plus Securities analysts revealed that the Ministry of Finance has concluded measures to shop well or shop to help the nation, recently various agencies have submitted the matter to the agenda of the Cabinet of Ministers (Cabinet) to be considered on December 20, 2022, allowing the expenses from the purchase of goods and services to be tax-deductible according to the actual amount spent but not exceeding 40,000 baht, divided into the purchase limit for goods and services not exceeding 30,000 baht and for the purchase of goods and services with electronic tax invoices of 10,000 baht, expected from January 1 to February 15, 2023, for a total period of 46 days. THE MINISTRY OF FINANCE PROPOSED MEASURES TO REDUCE REGISTRATION AND LEGAL FEES FOR RESIDENTIAL PREMISES FOR ANOTHER YEAR BY REDUCING THE TRANSFER FEE FROM 2% TO 0.01% AND REDUCING THE MORTGAGE FEE FROM 1% TO 0.01% FOR RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL BUILDINGSSPONSORED MINISTER OF TOURISM AND SPORTS. It said it would propose 1.5 million rights for Phase 5 of the We Travel Together measure, with an expected budget of 5,400 million baht. The other 3,300 million baht. It will be used to stimulate tourism to revive the domestic economy, including proposing to extend the opening hours of entertainment venues to 04.00 a.m. from 02.00 a.m., which will stimulate foreign tourist spending and the economy. In meetings On December 20, 2022, the government's economic stimulus measures are another positive sentiment for stocks in some groups to have opportunities. Better performance than the stock market as a whole Under pressure from external factors, including a sparse trading value, it is recommended that the stock return COM7, CRC, CENTEL, AEONTS before the end of the year is expected to remain seasonally thin. Focus on stocks have positive factors. Only CRC, COM7, MAJOR, Krungsri Asset Management assessed that the company expects the Cabinet to bring the We Travel Together Phase 5 measures into consideration tomorrow. It is expected that the shares in the domestic hotel and restaurant sector will benefit directly. Led by centel shares.
Check registration status The State Welfare Card on Dec. 20 is set to reopen.|The Ministry of Finance is preparing to open it to registrants with the status of "Incomplete Registration". Check registration status State Welfare Card 2022 again on December 20, 2022On December 19, 2022, Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy, as spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance. According to the announcement of the "registration status" of the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 (the project) On Friday, November 25, 2022, the information of those who registered and the information was revised between September 5 and September 17, 2022. A total of 21,016,770 registrants with the message "The Ministry of Finance has received your registration information" were registered with the message "Incomplete registration status" because the registrant's information did not match the department's database. A total of 1,386,423 registrants (6.60% of those registrants with complete information) were registered for the benefit of those registrants who submitted complete documents but still had incomplete registration status, as well as to ensure the accuracy and up-to-date of the information as much as possible. The Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society, as the main responsible agency in the project, has re-examined the information of registrants with incomplete enrollment status. The group registrant can check the registration status again on Tuesday, December 20, 2022 at the nationwide registration agency or check it by themselves through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.thSPONSORED in addition to the aforementioned group of registrants. If any registrant whose status says "Ministry of Finance has received your registration information completely", but the results of the data verification with the Department of Government's database are not known, your registration status is "Complete Registration" or "Incomplete Registration". In this case, the registrant is asked to check the registration status again on Tuesday, December 20, 2022. Found the message "Incomplete registration status", the registrant can check the accuracy of the information at the district office/district office, and if it is found that the registered information does not match the civil registration information, request to correct the information. And for those who register in person through the website, they can contact any registration agency for correction. The information can be edited from Tuesday, December 20 to Friday, December 23, 2022. The Ministry of Finance will send the results of the qualification check to the relevant authorities again. The registrant can check the results of the qualification check through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th However, the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance Tel. 09-4858-9794 (office hours 08.30 - 16.30 hrs.) Office of Fiscal Policy Tel. 0-2273-9020 Ext. 3502, 3503, 3506, 3536, 3542, 3518 or call 08-5842-7102, 08-5842-7103, 08-5842-7104, 08-5842-7105, 08-5842-7106, 08-5842-7107 (business hours 08.30 - 16.30 hrs.)
Petrol price today 18 Dec 2022 compared to the price from the last 4 pumps.|"Today's Oil Price" 18 Dec 2022 Check the price of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel Updated from 4 gas stations Latest price of how many baht per liter on 18 December 2022 December 2022 Reporter reports on oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht. 84 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.84 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 40.24 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline E20 at 34.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter OF GASOHOL E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 42.84 baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.94 baht/liter 84 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.44 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 35.08 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.35 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter 5.54 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.84 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.48 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.75 baht/litre Diesel at 35.54 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 35.54 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 42.24 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre.
NSC unveils new formula to find 8.1 million poor|Miss WORAWAN PLIKAMIN Deputy Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) It was revealed that the NSC had found information on thailand's poor. It is found that there are many dimensions, not just money. The NESDB has a metric called the Multidimensional Poverty Index to measure the poor in other dimensions through 4 dimensions: education, healthy lifestyle. The results of the index showed that if you measure the poor below the poverty line or on the income side, there will be only 4.4 million poor people, but if you measure the multidimensional poverty index, there are 8.1 million poor people, of which the most common dimension is well-being, which is up to 35%, followed by financial security at 29%, which is the proportion that makes people in poverty the most." Multidimensional poverty has expanded poverty to include shortages. Or the opportunity to access the resources necessary for livelihood as well as the ability to access government services and assistance. In 2021, there were also various issues that affected the poor, such as education with 280,000 children out of the system. Risk of depression and risk of suicide, etc.
Thai stocks today, December 19, 2022, ended the afternoon session down 0.81 points, the index was at 1,618 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was down 0.81 at 1,618.20. Turnover 44,499.02 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) moves today on December 19, 2022. Down 0.81, or -0.05%, the index stood at 1,618.20. The index peaked at 1,624.34. The index is at a low of 1,613.94. The turnover was 44,499.02 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
KResearch expects GDP to be revised to 3.2% in 2023|KResearch revised GDP in 2023 to 3.2% from 3.2-4.2% due to the global economic recession. KResearch's Deputy Managing Director said that the global economy is likely to slow down significantly in 2023, which will put pressure on the Thai economic recovery. There is also the impact of the energy crisis in Europe. THE LIKELIHOOD OF CHINA REOPENING IN 2Q23 IS GROWING, BUT IT IS STILL NECESSARY TO MONITOR THE SITUATION IN CHINA AFTER THIS, INCLUDING THE NUMBER OF CASES, DEATHS, AND THE ADEQUACY OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SYSTEM. KResearch remains cautious about china's reopening situation, maintaining the number of tourists at 22 million and Thailand's economic growth in 2023 at 3.2 percent. Meanwhile, the MPC has the opportunity to raise the policy rate continuously at two more meetings by 0.25%. The baht trend in the first quarter of 2019 There is a chance of appreciation. If the Fed moves forward with raising interest rates as planned, as the market already recognizes such possibilities for the financial sector. The outlook for loans of commercial banks registered in Thailand in 2023 is expected to grow in a limited range of 4.2-5.2% (median value of 4.7%), compared to 5.0% growth this year, as a result of the economy facing many risk factors. The ratio of NPL to total loans is expected to not improve from 2022, with npl at the end of 2023 expected to be in the range of 2.55-2.80% compared to the 2.65-2.75% expected at the end of 2022. Deputy Managing Director of Kasikorn Research Center Co., Ltd. said that the outlook for Thai business in 2023 is still facing many challenges, with the cost of electricity, labor and interest costs rising. Revenues will be affected by the recession of the world's core economies and the baht strengthening, which will drag on demand for Thai exports. It affects each type of business differently. Therefore, the recovery of business revenue in 2023 is still characterized by K-Shaped. Private hospitals, including retail Meanwhile, businesses that recovered slowly or contracted include real estate and exports in the electronics and electrical appliances sectors. In 2023, Thai businesses will see environmental challenges. Society and Good Governance or ESG are clearer. Thailand's trading partners will tighten the criteria, especially the European carbon border adjustment mechanism (CBAM) and Thailand's efforts to clarify the green taxonomy. Thai businesses must accelerate their studies and adaptations in order to build long-term competitiveness.
Reduce public debt to 60%|Mrs. Patricia Mongkolvanich Director, Public Debt Management Office It was disclosed after a meeting of the State Fiscal Policy Committee. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister said Thailand's public debt is at a normal level, nothing to worry about, and lower than expected because the economy has resumed its post-COVID-19 expansion. The ratio of public debt to gross domestic product (GDP) is currently 70% to GDP. If the economy expands, the proportion can be reduced, but the need for budgeting and public investment must be looked at. The Finance Minister said that the reduction of the public debt framework to 60% of GDP must be considered first because the economy is currently in the recovery phase and must look at the impact of many parts, including the global economy, while reporters report that the Bank of Thailand (BOT) estimates that the Thai economy in 2023 will continue to expand from 3.2% this year to 3.6% in 2023 and 3.9% in 2024 due to tourism recovery and increased domestic spending. THAI EXPORTS SLOWED, INTEREST RATES INCREASED, AND GLOBAL FINANCIAL MARKET VOLATILITY.
Molly Ally plant-based ice cream from a postgraduate project to having a storefront where sales are extraordinary.|We must admit that plant-based foods or snacks that come from nuts, plants and do not contain meat are gaining popularity among modern people who are health-conscious. In addition to plant-based healthy foods, today we have 100% plant-based ice cream that tastes like ice cream made from cow's milk. It can be said that from the end of the project to having a real storefront and making the most sales is 1,500,000. Rati Bowonmongkolsak said Nan and two other seniors, Petch Kanchanit Bubphachuen and Om Chotima. He is a student of a master's degree in marketing. International Program Molly Ally finished the project as plant-based ice cream that went on to win the New Venture Champion 2021 in the U.S. When we won the prize, we immediately registered the company Molly Ally. If you go back to the time of the project, Nan was in the food and beverage business before, Cafe Cococano, which created a menu of Thai desserts, which raised the level to look appetizing, especially Bualoy Cococano, now there are about 4 branches after Nan graduated with a bachelor's degree, so I wanted to develop something new for Cafe Cococano. We saw that people were starting to become aware of milk allergies and look for drinks and foods that they could eat." So I came across a product called Plant based that is a raw material that comes from plants and nuts that do not use cow's milk. Finally, we voted and ended up with ice cream because we wanted to be a delicious plant-based. It makes people happy to eat, so it comes out as a brand. Molly Ally, where ice cream is rich, creamy and delicious. Because he didn't know that our ice cream didn't have milk. As for the two partners, Om was UXUI before and had a background in baking and food because at home they run the food business, which is now saving as R&D and factory, production system. As for prech, they look at marketing branding, design design is an important cost management principle because of the high price of raw materials, as you know, ingredients and raw materials, whether nuts or oatmeal. Almond milk, pistachio milk, the price is quite high, we solve the problem by finding a partner, first of all, we have to list which ingredients are the most suitable for our ice cream, we will choose one brand to give the taste to the first, even the cost, but we try to set a price for customers to accept. The smell is somewhat jumping, the taste is somewhat different, the problem is how to make sure that he doesn't know that this is healthy ice cream. "For example, if it is strawberry and banana flavor, we need to find ingredients or milk that can be attributed to get the smell and taste together. Which we are quite serious about. We'll have a team of chefs. The production team who took care directly to get the best plant-based ice cream and it tasted like normal ice cream"SPONSORED breaks down the barrier of the word plant-based is not delicious, nan said that many people may not understand plant-based food, many people will understand and get used to the word vegan, vegetarian or vegetarian, which the main wall is when saying that J is not delicious. Vegetarians are not delicious, this is quite difficult for us to understand that even if we are plant-based, even though we are close to vegetarian, but we are more delicious, we try to give customer reviews, whatever it is to make them really confident that they are really delicious." We took ice cream from our experimental group of 1,000 people to comment and rate, and we used the comments to improve it until it tasted the best. When we actually opened the store, we found that customers love and find our brand SPONSOREDThe future of Plant based and Molly Ally, in the future, the plant-based market will grow even more. The only way to sell is online and delivery, so we use it to the best of our ability. Get good feedback from customers. Do your best along the way, not that covid is over, there will be no problems, there will be too, because we have invested a lot in online. Originally, there were customers who ordered online, and it turned out that the number dropped quite a bit, so we sat down and thought about what to do next. So the three of us talked about the problem of having a storefront. By choosing where our customers are, choose EmQuartier first. The feedback was much better than I thought, so we did other branches where our customers were, and it improved in terms of sales, and we knew more about our brand." There are 5 storefronts. Samyan, Onnut, Ratchaphruek and Rama 2, the provinces that have already gone are Chiang Mai and soon in Pattaya, which will be a delivery style. The additional part is private hospitals. International Schools "We intend Molly Ally to be the top of mind of premium healthy ice cream in Thailand and Asia within 5 years. Know our brand as much as possible. When we are successful in Thailand, we will do this in foreign countries, and next year we will go to THAIFEX to find partners and partners abroad." We have to apply it because when we are doing real business. The teachers did not come to tell us or advise us how to solve the problem, and the most important thing is to think and act. It's about passion and, most importantly, fighting every obstacle. Author : Kamolthip Hiranprasertsuk kamonthip.h@thairathonline.co.th Photographer : Identity quite 
Gold price today, 20 Dec 2022, opened on Tuesday morning, not increased, not decreased.|"Today's Gold Price" The "Gold Bullion" price sold out at 29,600 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,100 baht on December 20, 2022. Baht 29,600 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,970.76 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,750 baht Sell out 14,800 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,485.38 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,375 baht Sell out 7,400 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,242.69 baht Sell out 7,525 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,687.5 Baht Sell Out 3,700 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,621.345 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
KBank cuts GDP next year at 3.2%|Ms. Nataporn Triratsirikul KResearch's Deputy Managing Director revealed that the research center has revised the growth rate of gross domestic product (GDP) next year to 3.2% from 3.2-4.2%, although it has raised its full-year GDP forecast from 2.9% to 3.2%. The research center remains cautious about China's reopening of the country, with the number of tourists remaining at 22 million."
"Mutelu" becomes no. 1 on LINE, reveals "Digital Life Trend" 2022|LINE Thailand launches "Digital Life Trends" 2022, delving into the behaviors and preferences of 53 million users Meet Mutelu. The number of Thais offering alms online has increased 4 times. Taro horoscope while K-pop stream Watch Korean content – catch up with beauty queen's life and shop online and upskill digital skills Reporter reports that LINE Thailand Summary of "Digital Life Trends" 2022 Insight Behavior Like and trend from over 53 million users throughout the year through the LINE app that covers every lifestyle of digital life from waking up to going to bed. Meet Mutelu, K-pop, online shopping, digital upskilling, dominate the popularity of the Thai online population, with many more insights to keep an eye on until next year, starting from 1. Mu all over Thailand, Mu all day The story of Mu and the belief LINE horoscope that came out revealed that there are 4 times more people giving alms online than last year, especially during The Lord's Day. Meanwhile, the place where people pray with LINE horoscope the most 3 ranks is Luang Por Tanjai. And the day that people come to pray online the most this year is Ganesh Jatuthi Day, a festival of celebrating the worship of Lord Ganesha. "Auspicious Shirt Color" has 30,000 color checks a day, 42 million taro card openings, and 10 million lottery results. After watching live, the results were announced that reached 4 million views per installment, and LINE STICKERS, which people turned to the mutelu theme. For love, work Wealth More than half of the total downloads2.K-pop content Korean-beauty queen Power fandom is good, LINE is full of K-pop content all year round. Starting with LINE VOOM with Korean content from OSEN and Muply, or voom riBBon You with BAMBAM to invite fans of "Bam Bam" to join the fun, or a special campaign from LINE STICKERS x LINE MELODY to take #TEAMWANG to Fan Meet at Jackson Wang Magic Man Fanmeet. In addition, Thai webtoons are no less popular because they have been translated and famous abroad, such as Good Morning Professor in France and China, Golden Day without Heart in Indonesia, When I have to go to an all-boys school in Taiwan, Unji about the dog hero in Indonesia, 25th Hour and Pastel Love in China, etc. Since the beginning of the year, LINE SHOPPING has found top spenders who have purchased 5,800 orders, equivalent to 600 orders in a month, while the highest value orders were jewelry orders of 1.8 million baht. From the beginning of the year until now, LINE POINTS have accumulated a total of 70 thousand points. The equivalent of 70,000 baht buys things every month, like getting almost a hundred thousand cash back in a year.4. Line for Business has educated more than 1 million Thais to do business online this year. It is one of the top three SMEs in Thailand through numerous knowledge trend updates throughout the year. From Thai land Now & Next, NFT for Business to SME BOOTCAMP Roadshow that spreads knowledge to 4 regions across Thailand, SME Biz Talk program that is broadcast through both online and television channels, etc. While being a LINE chat app, users are trying to better organize their lives and online communications. With the increasing use of non-secret (but less informed) features such as chat folders that help group chat types to be easier to use by dividing them into private chats, group chats, official accounts, open chats.
KEX shares signal recovery from low point Analysts point to the price war as nearing its end. |KEX stock price recovers more than 10% in 1 month Analysts estimate shipping company price war is nearing the end KEX is about to win. Kerry Express (Thailand) Public Company Limited (KEX) began to recover from a low on November 10 of 17.30 baht to 19.40 baht on December 20, or 12.13%. As a result, the company reported a net loss of Baht 1,898 million for the first nine months of 2022. Compared to the same period last year with a net profit of 651 million baht, UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) Plc. KEX's financial performance is expected in the fourth quarter of this year and in 2023, after we began to see signs that price competition may be nearing an end in the Thai transportation industry. However, we continue to look closely and cautiously at the incident. KEX is expected to report lower losses in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first half of this year, and it is possible to see growth opportunities from transportation price hikes and industry corrections. It's not. The big losses should have passed, and KEX could have emerged as one of the winners. Krungsri Asset Management revealed that KEX's operating results will continue to suffer losses in the fourth quarter and continue at least throughout 2023 due to intense competition. The company held a meeting between the company's management and analysts last night after submitting its financial statements.  Although the information received was negative, most of it was already as we expected. The Company expects the earnings recovery to be delayed from the fourth quarter of this year to the second half of 2023. In addition, the company has initiated a cost reduction program to support its earnings over the next six to nine months, starting this November, and we have not included in our estimates SPONSORED yet. KEX's utilization rate in Q3 was 70-75%, which if it reaches 85%, means that investments will be needed to increase production capacity. The strong fall in share prices over the past few months should have already reflected weak performance in Q3.
Thai stocks today, December 20, 2022, closed the morning stock market down 12.35 points, the index was at 1,605 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market closes, down 12.35 The index was at 1,605.85 points with a turnover of 31,791.09. The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 20th. In December 2022, the index fell 12.35 points, or 0.76%, to 1,605.85 points, with a turnover of 31,791.09 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Star Money Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
The Comptroller's Department has developed a system for direct disbursement of outpatient treatment through the "Pao Tang" app.|"Department of Comptroller" develops a system to disburse direct medical expenses "Outpatient" through health bags on the "Pao Tang" application starting 7 Dec 2022On 20 Dec 2022 Ms. Kulya Tantitemit The Director-General of the Comptroller General's Department revealed that many government hospitals have now developed a service system of hospitals by using applications to facilitate more matters. The Comptroller's Department recognizes the importance of enhancing the service capacity of the welfare direct disbursement system in relation to the treatment of civil servants in the outpatient category. Therefore, we have developed a direct disbursement system to be able to make direct disbursement transactions through the health wallet on the Pao Tang application. For the convenience of eligible persons and family members. Reduce queues for transactions at the point of payment of medical institutions by conducting a pilot project with government hospitals. There are currently 21 hospitals with 6 available hospitals: 1. Wachira Hospital Faculty of Medicine Wachira Hospital Navamindradhiraj University 2. Maharat Nakhon Chiang Mai Hospital 3. National Cancer Institute4. Somdet Phra Pinklao Hospital Department of Naval Medicine5. Walailak University Medical Center Hospital 6. Saraburi Hospital The Comptroller General's Department will accelerate the expansion to cover medical facilities nationwide for the Comptroller's Department to enhance medical benefits services by using mobile application technology to increase convenience for eligible persons and their families to use the right to direct reimbursement of medical expenses. THE COMPANY HAS IMPLEMENTED A DIRECT DISBURSEMENT PROGRAM FOR MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR CIVIL SERVANTS THROUGH HEALTH WALLETS, WHICH IS JOINTLY OPERATED BETWEEN THE COMPTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT AND KRUNGTHAI BANKSPONSORED. The Comptroller's Department also plans to further develop its operations. By expanding the scope of direct disbursement through the application to include telemedicine services to support the changing trends of medical services. After the COVID-19 pandemic To aim for digital organizations and excellent services and to modernize the disbursement of welfare payments for civil servants and to effectively supervise the expenditure of the land for medical facilities that are equipped with information systems. If you wish to become an additional pilot medical facility, you must apply for permission with the Comptroller's Department on a case-by-case basis before starting operations, and eligible persons and their families can check the list of pilot hospitals and download the information at the Department of Comptroller's website www.cgd.go.th topics. Medical treatment/information about medical expenses in order to effectively disburse welfare payments related to outpatient medical treatment through the application. The Comptroller's Department has established guidelines for direct disbursement of welfare payments relating to outpatient medical treatment through an application for medical treatment at a medical facility. (Onsite) for eligible persons and medical institutions to observe. Details according to the Comptroller's Letter No. 0416.4/1465 dated 25 November 2022.
THORS gives away 1 thousand as a gift for the New Year 2023 to customers in 48 months installment.|Thos. Give new year 2023 gifts to customers with discipline to pay installments for the past 48 months and receive 1,000 baht cash back on December 20, 2022. managing director The Housing Bank or THOS said: To support the government's policy to boost purchasing power so that people can have money to spend during the New Year 2023, and to build financial discipline through installment payments on home loans and deliver happiness to customers. New Year's Gift Program 2023 for HOME LOAN customers who are disciplined to pay installments for the past 48 months (counting to monthly installments) With regular installment payments and not less than the annuity specified by the Bank every month, the cashback amount of 1,000 baht is divided into 2 groups as follows: Group 1: For retail customers with normal account status, there is a loan limit of all accounts under the same collateral not exceeding 2 million baht. Discipline in installment payments for the past 48 months Group 2: For customers who have previously restructured their debts with normal account status and have a history of repayment of debts for the past 6 months (counting to monthly installments) November 2022) Regularly and not less than the annuity specified by the Bank every month. Those who are eligible for New Year's gift 2023 must download GHB ALL application or GHB ALL GEN application and link to THORS savings account and make installment payments via the application for at least 2 consecutive months. Nov-Dec 22 or monthly period And receive an electronic receipt or e-Receipt to receive new year gift transfer from the bank immediately.
Confirm SRT Train service from Bangkok Apiwat Central Station is scheduled for January 19, 2023.|SRT Preparing to open commercial passenger trains (express trains, express cars, fast cars) Originating from Bangkok Apiwat Central Station from 19 January 2023 on 20 December 2022, the reporter reported that the State Railway of Thailand Announcement of the opening schedule of Bangkok Apiwat Central Station as the departure station - Destination of commercial passenger trains (express trains, express trains, fast cars) from 19 January 2023 onwards, a total of 52 trains on the Northern Line. Trains 3 4 7 8 9 10 13 14 51 52 109 102 105 106 107 108 111 and 112Train 31 32 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 83 84 85 86 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 and 174 Train 21 22 23 24 25 26 67 68 71 72 75 76 77 78 133 134 135 136 139 140 141 142 145 and 146SPONSORED Suburban buses) are still operating at Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong). 
Check the conditions of "Shop Dee Me Night 2023" government New Year's gift What are the participating products?|Check the conditions of "Shop Dee Me Night 2023" government New Year's gift starting from 1 January - 15 February 2023 To check the products and services that participated in the project or cannot participate in the project on 20 December 2022 from the cabinet meeting Approved the measures to implement the project to give new year gifts B.E. 2566 to the people as proposed by the Ministry of Finance, one of which is the "Shop Dee Me Back Year 66" measure, which will run from January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023. Deductible for purchases of goods or service charges according to the actual amount paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht, divided into 1. Purchase of goods or services in the first 30,000 baht, issuing a paper or electronic tax invoice2. 10,000 baht for the purchase of goods or services, issuing an electronic tax invoice for products participating in the measure, such as the purchase fee and all types of service fees purchased from VAT-registered entrepreneurs, including OTOPSPONSORED products but having products and services that do not participate in the program, namely 1. Spirits, beer, wine2. Purchase of cars, motorcycles and boats4. Purchase of newspapers and magazines5. Charges for newspapers and magazines in the form of electronic data via the Internet6. Tour service fee paid to tour operators and tour guides7. Hotel accommodation fees paid to hotel operators8. Utility bills, water bills, electricity bills, telephone service charges Internet service charges Service charges for services with long-term service agreements that start before January 1, 2023 or end after February 15, 2026. The expected benefits of the "Shop Dee Me Back in 2023" measure will increase cash flow in the economy. Approximately 56,000 Million Baht The gross product increased by about 0.16 percent and encouraged entrepreneurs to enter the VAT system, thereby expanding the tax base and supporting the use of electronic taxation.
InnovatX sees Thai stocks in 2023 surpassing 1,750 points, pointing to tourism recovery helping to pull in money inflows. |Thai stocks also fragrant, Innovation X Plc sees China open up to help revive tourism Do Thailand and ASEAN Continued growth Helping to pull money outside inflows, pushing Thai stocks past 1,750 points, pointing to 5 stocks that will grow well. Managing Director, Research Group, Innovate X Securities Co., Ltd. said that during the transition period of 2023, the global economy will have 3 characteristics: 1. Global economic growth will decrease significantly. In addition, the growth of the economy between developed and emerging markets is different, with developed markets at risk of severe stagflation or, at the very least, a mild recession. Emerging markets will slow down, but there is less likely of a severe recession than 2 inflation, believes global inflation, especially in the U.S. and many emerging market economies. It has already passed its peak and is likely to slow down. In 2023, global inflation will fall from a high base and global demand is declining due to the economic slowdown.3 Policy rates are believed to be too high to cover the hot rise in inflation, while Asian countries Thailand will continue to raise interest rates. Therefore, we estimate the 2023 index based on fundamentals at 1,750 points, the key entry points at 1,500-1,600 points, which is expected to be seen in Q1 of 2023. If you look at the eurozone going into stagflation in 2023, economic activity will shrink in 2023SPONSORED due to the ongoing energy crisis and tighter monetary policy. Inflation in the eurozone is likely to increase higher than previously expected, while the Thai economy in 2023 is believed to slow down compared to 2022, with a slowdown in exports, investment and government spending as the main pressure. The Thai economy will grow at the fastest pace in Q1, with GDP growing at around 4% and slowing further in the second half of the year, growing by nearly 2% in Q4 for three main reasons. The global economy will slow further in the second half of the year, which will result in a decline in exports. Secondly, while private consumption will be a major driver of the economy, other drivers such as private investment and public spending, both consumption and investment, will weaken due to the global economic slowdown and the slowdown in disbursements of government projects. It is estimated that between 21-25 million foreign tourists are coming to Thailand. Most of them are short-haul rather than long-haul tourists, which generates less revenue for the country than investment strategies under pressure for continued tightening financial conditions in Q1, risk of recession, risk of slowing profits and increased risk of financial stability around the world. Economic indicators show signs of continued slowdown. This is considering the resilience of the U.S. economy combined with greater risk avoidance. We will see the dollar continue to strengthen before reaching its peak. The economy is likely to fall to a more noticeable low by the end of the first half. We see an opportunity to increase its position, especially with China's opening up and strong domestic demand. Profit is likely to continue to grow and recover, and there is a clear trend of high growth. The top stocks in Q1 were AOT, BBL, BCP, CPALL and MINT.
OR gives New Year 2023 gifts to Thai people, do not raise the price of all kinds of fuel for 11 days.|OR expects 4Q22 operating results to improve After the people started traveling, shopping. Ready to give New Year's gifts to Thai people No increase in oil prices between December 24, 2022 – January 3, 2023, for a total of 11 days on December 20, 2022. Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), said that travel restrictions have eased after the covid outbreak. As a result, the country is fully reopened. People began to travel, travel during the high season, and shop more, coupled with the economic recovery in the country. As a result, OR's Q4 performance is likely to improve in both Mobility Lifestyle and Global, in line with analysts' expectations and opinions. Currently, there are 3 PTT stations and 8 café amazons operated by distributors and franchisees in Myanmar and do not contribute to or be involved in human rights violations committed in Myanmar. In the coming year 2023, OR is preparing to organize activities to fulfill the happiness of consumers. With many special promotions for customers who use PTT service stations. Station and stores in OR group as follows: PTT The station will not raise the retail price of all types of petrol for a period of 11 days (December 24, 2022 – January 3, 2023) even if the price of oil in the world market rises. To help reduce the cost burden and facilitate travelers and organize activities to replenish the safety of every trip. Get free brand at PTT Station When filling up any type of fuel up to 1,000 baht or more. Get free 70ml chicken soup at PTT Station nationwide on January 2, 2023 for customers of Cafe Amazon When buying any kind of Amazon café drink or merchandise at the café. Amazon in PTT Station 30 branches on the main route departing from Bangkok participating during 30 Dec 22 – 3 Jan 23 get free Drip Cafe Amazon (Original Flavor) 1 Fit Auto Service Center has launched the FIT Auto Tune Up campaign, offering 35 free vehicle inspections from December 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023, as well as free nitrogen tire inflators and Covid-19 disinfectants. In addition to preventing and reducing PM 2.5 dust for OR users, EV Station PluZ has been installed inside and outside PTT. The service will be opened along major routes nationwide with the Application EV Station PluZ, which will facilitate users to search for stations and book services, with call centers providing 24-hour support.
OR provides information on foreign funds selling stocks, pointing to investments in Myanmar based on humanitarian principles.|OR Hot News Foreign funds sell shares because companies invest in Myanmar 3 gas stations and 8 Amazon cafes reaffirm humanitarian principles as an investment to improve the lives of villagers in the event that the Norwegian National Wealth Fund stops investing in PTT shares and its subsidiaries – Norges Bank released a statement on December 15 that the fund's board of directors has resolved to remove PTT and OR shares from its portfolio. Currently, there are 3 PTT stations and 8 Cafe Amazon stores operated by distributors and franchisees in Myanmar and do not contribute to or be involved in human rights violations occurring in Myanmar.
Thai stocks today, December 20, 2022, ended the afternoon trading down 13.76 points, the index was at 1,604 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon down 13.76. The index is at 1,604.44. Turnover 58,702.30 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 20th. Dec 2022 Half day afternoon showed a decrease of 13.76 The index was at 1,604.44. The index peaked at 1,621.54. The index is at a low of 1,597.03. The turnover was 58,702.30 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Star Money Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
4 Banks with cash reserves of 130 billion baht|Bangkok Bank, Kasikorn Bank Siam Commercial Bank and TMB Thanachart Bank have reserved 133,600 million baht in cash during the New Year period from December 30, 2022 to January 3, 2023. Bangkok Bank has set aside cash reserves for customers during the New Year holidays. KBank has set aside 45,000 million baht through nearly 10,000 ATMs nationwide, while KBank has set aside 35,600 million baht in cash reserves. Siam Commercial Bank 39,000 million baht The reserves increased by 5% from the previous year, and TMB Thanachart Bank (TTB) has a cash reserve of 14,000 million baht. Assistant Governor of Bank Card Issuance Line Bank of Thailand (BOT) He said that during the New Year 2023, the demand for banknotes was higher than usual. In terms of adding banknotes to the system. The Bot has prepared enough reserves of various types of banknotes to support the demand. It is estimated that commercial banks will disburse banknotes from THE BOT IN THE WEEK BEFORE THE NEW YEAR HAS A NET WORTH OF 100 BILLION BAHT.
He smiled softly, announcing the reduction in the price of oil. All types of sohol except diesel remain the same.|Tomorrow, we will stop by to add "fuel prices" of all gasohol, reducing by 30. Sat As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Dec. 20, 2022, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on December 21 2022, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 34.45 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.18 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.69 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 42.84 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
SEC sends DSI to slaughter directors EARTH|Reporters reported that the SEC had blamed the directors and former directors. Energy Earth Plc. (EARTH) has 7 cases against the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) for 2 offences, namely: 1. Failure to perform duties responsibly; This causes EARTH to be damaged or benefit itself or others. 2. In case of non-clarification according to the issues that the SEC relied on under the law to clarify, the SEC received complaints and further investigated that 4 earth directors at the time of the incident, namely: 1. Mr. Vichet Thienthong. 2. Mr. Patipat Supasirisin 3. Mr. Seksan Baisak 4. Mr. Prateep Chinsaengthip voted on February 17, 2020 to hold an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the issuance of 973,241,553 newly issued shares (PP) to earth management group at a price of Baht 0.0001 per share, equivalent to Baht 97,324, which greatly affected the benefits of EARTH shareholders. Despite the offering of PP shares at a very low price and a significant proportion of the shares offered representing a significant amount of 27.52% of the paid-up capital, the actions of the 4 directors were a failure to perform their duties with responsibility and integrity, causing EARTH to suffer damages. There is a letter to the director at the time of the incident to clarify the director and the former director. 6 persons: 1. Mr. Vichet Thienthong 2. Mr. Patipat Supasirisin 3. Mr. Seksan Baisak 4. Mr. Yossapong Pothsuthon 5. Mr. Suriyan Thongpikul 6. Instead, it doesn't clarify exactly the point of the question. The SEC therefore condemned the person to the DSI for further legal proceedings.
Thaioil Board appoints "Pundit Thammasatjit" as CEO effective 1 Jan 23|The Board of Directors of Thaioil has resolved to appoint Mr. Pundit Thammasatjit as Chief Executive Officer and President with effect from January 1, 2023 onwards on December 20, 2022. From 1997 to 2002, he was assigned to shell global solutions international B.V., Netherlands. He is a consultant in refining technology by providing technical advice to refineries in countries around the world such as the Netherlands, France, Italy, Germany, Czech Republic, Argentina, Singapore, Brunei and Thailand. He is currently the Senior Executive Vice President for Hydrocarbons with experience and expertise in the country's top petroleum refining. Therefore, he was entrusted with the position of Chairman of Petroleum Refinery Industry Group. The Federation of Thai Industries currently sponsors and plays an important role in driving and developing the petroleum refinery industry to support the country's economic growth. To create energy security and increase the competitiveness of the regional refinery group, Mr. Pundit will lead the organization. Thaioil Group's mission is to drive thaioil group's business transformation in line with the changing global context, along with developing the potential of its employees so that Thaioil Group can continue to grow sustainably and achieve its vision to create quality of life with sustainable energy and chemicals.
Crypto has become a falling star business, medical-beauty-match-series!|Open 10 Rising Star Businesses Medical-beauty leads the way, followed by e-commerce, social media, YouTubers, influencers, and matching platforms. Entertainment Series Y The star business continues to wear and dye, including bleaching, printing, clothing dozens, and cryptocurrencies. Director, Institute of Trade Strategy, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce The Center for Economic and Business Forecasting at the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce ranked the top 10 rising and falling businesses in 2023 based on 5 factors: sales, cost, net profit, impact of risk factors, competition and demand. Beauty requirements Health care The opening of the country has led to more foreigners returning to the service, while the number 2 e-commerce business because consumers are adjusting their behavior to shop online more No. 3 social media, online entertainment, fintech and technology deposit payments, as well as concert business. Trade shows and events are held as more people watch movies and shows online. The company promotes products online using influencers. People are increasingly using cryptocurrencies, including COVID-19, content creation businesses, Youtuber businesses, product reviews and influencers, as well as advertising and online media businesses, according to the increasing consumption of online media by modern people, sponsored at number 5, platform businesses, and matching businesses such as dating, food ordering, etc. Ride-hailing according to the development of the platform to support the demand of consumers no. 6 in the life insurance business. This includes nightlife businesses, pubs, bars, karaoke after the government fully reopens, and the government boosts tourism no. 7, tourism, hotels, tours and other related businesses, including modern retail businesses. After the government fully reopened the country and promoted tourism, the logistics business, delivery, warehouse, online ordering increased, and vending machine business such as water, washing machine, food, etc., according to consumer behavior that needed more facilities, ranked 9th. Food and beverage (non-alcoholic) business such as fruit juice, water and vitamins In 2023, there were new businesses such as content making, YouTubers, product reviews, influencers, advertising and online media, dating businesses, social media and online businesses. Entertainment business, faith business (Sai Mu, fortune teller, Feng Shui), Entertainment business such as Y series and equipment, etc., while the rising star business of 65 years that fell out of 2023, such as direct sales, rubber processing such as rubber gloves, condoms, ready-made food, animal feed, electronics and parts"For the 66-year-old business, it is still the same business, such as bleaching, printing, paper newspaper, printmaking, middleman, bookstore, pottery and ceramics, photo shop, handicraft business, handicraft business, home printing business, printing business, middleman business, bookstore business, pottery and ceramic business, photo shop business, handicraft business, handicraft business, home printing business, printing business, middleman business, bookstore business, pottery and ceramic business, photo shop business, handicraft business, unskilled clothing manufacturing business (dozen clothes), Cryptocurrency businesses, private school businesses, and choui stores.
Gold price today, December 21, 2022, opened Wednesday morning, up 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" 21 The "Gold Bullion" price was sold at 29,800 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,300 baht on December 21, 2022. "Gold jewelry" buys 29,167.84 baht per baht and sells out 30,300 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,850 baht sell out 14,900 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,583.92 baht sell out 15,150 baht gold price today 1 slung gold bullion buy 7,425 baht sell out 7,450 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,291.96 baht sell out 7,575 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.5 baht sell out 3,725 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,645.98 baht sell out 3,787.5 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Premium homes priced at 10 million more to the LPN boom, aiming for 2023, opening 5 more projects |Premium home market priced at 10 million baht goes up to the LPN boom, aiming for 2023, opening 5 more projects after closing the sale of BAAN 365 RAMA 3 worth 3,200 million baht. The Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of L.P.N. Development Public Company Limited (LPN) said that the situation in the 10 million home market is rising. During 2023, we expect a positive direction due to the continued purchasing power. Because it is a group that focuses on real living. Entrepreneurs continue to focus on capturing this group of homes and launching new projects as they remain confident in the growing demand. The key factors of buying a house are location, spacious living space, good security system and more privacy. The new flagship from LPN targets B+ and above and has been well received by customers in Rama 3, a location with high purchasing power. Mr. Opas said that according to a survey conducted by Lumpini Wisdom & Solutions Co., Ltd. or LWS, lpn real estate research and development company, there are 4 residential projects in Rama 3 location with a total of 256 units, 57% of which have been sold, with 109 units remaining for sale. For 3.5-storey and 4-storey townhouses and single-family homes priced at more than 50 million baht in 2023, LPN also plans to launch five premium low-rise projects worth more than 5,000 million baht. Under the brand 168, this is a project development that focuses on targeting young customers who want to have their own housing. In the midst of a quality, livable, safe and private society in accordance with LPN's standards and values, Mr. Opas concluded that although this year has been another challenging year, we are confident that we will be able to cope with the volatility of the situation. Under the financial strength and confidence of customers in brand and quality standards, both products and services both before and after sales from LPN.
The Minister arranged for the "New Year's gift" in 2023 to buy good nights up to 40 thousand - reduce land tax - house transfer fee.|"Akom" reveals New Year's gift package It is expected to increase cash flow in the economy by 278,771 million baht. It affects 0.76% of GDP, while the state loses only 18.69 billion baht in revenue. "Good Night Shopping" this year You can increase fuel costs. Please reduce the cost of your plane! There are no half-phase 6 people pointing to the gradual recovery of the economy. The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet meeting on December 20, 2022 approved various measures and projects to give as gifts in 2023 to the people, including the Ministry of Finance and related agencies or the New Year gift package, a total of 18 measures and 30 sub-projects to help ease the burden of living expenses for the people during this New Year and stimulate the country's economy. This caused the state to lose 18,690 million baht in revenue. However, there is more than 278,771 million baht in circulation in the economy and this has an increase in gross domestic product (GDP). For details of the gift measures of the Ministry of Finance, divided into 5 tax and fee measures, namely: 1. "Shop Dee Me Night Year 66" effective from January 1 to February 15, 2023. Require income earners who pay personal income tax, but do not include ordinary partnerships or non-juristic persons. Deductible for purchases of goods or services according to the actual amount paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht, divided into 1.The first 30,000 baht for the purchase of goods or service charges. 2. The purchase of goods or services of 10,000 baht is issued electronically by participating products such as the purchase of goods and all types of service fees purchased from VAT-registered operators. However, 10 types of goods and services that cannot be included in the measure are the purchase of liquor, beer, wine, tobacco, cars, motorcycles and boats, and the purchase of newspapers and magazines. Newspaper and magazine fees in the form of electronic data via the Internet Tour service fee paid to tour operators and tour guides Hotel accommodation fees paid to hotel operators, utilities, water, electricity, telephone service, internet Service fees with long-term service agreements and non-life insurance premiums"It is expected that this good night will generate more cash flow in the economy worth 56 billion baht. This will expand the tax base and support the use of electronic taxation"2.Measures to reduce land and building tax in 2023 by reducing the tax at the rate of 15% of the amount calculated for the taxation of land and buildings for the tax year 2023, for example, in the case of land and buildings worth 1 million baht for business purposes such as grocery stores, barbershops, a la carte food stores, factories, office buildings, etc., normally there will be a tax burden of 3,000 baht, will receive a discount of 450 baht, resulting in a tax of 2,559 baht, etc. 3. Measures to reduce the registration fee for residential properties in 2023 by reducing the registration fee for property transfers from 2% to 1% and reducing the registration fee for real estate mortgages from 1% to 0.01%. Twin House Row houses, commercial buildings and condominiums (both 1st and 2nd hand houses) only the purchase price and appraised price not exceeding 3 million baht and the mortgage limit not exceeding 3 million baht per contract4. Jet fuel used as fuel for domestic aircraft or jet fuel used in Thailand from 4.726 baht per liter to 0.20 baht per liter, effective from 1 January - 30 June 2023 to support tourism recovery. 5. Measures to waive the license fee for the sale of liquor, tobacco and cards According to the Excise Tax Act B.E. 2560, the right to waive the license fee for the sale of liquor, tobacco and cards Category 1 and Category 2 for entrepreneurs who wish to continue business at the same establishment, the same type of license submitted between January 1 and December 31, 2023, in order to reduce the burden of entrepreneurs who have been granted licenses to sell alcohol, tobacco and cards to be able to recover continuously. Reduce the burden of interest expenses and strengthen financial discipline for citizens and entrepreneurs, consisting of measures to refund or reduce interest rates, special interest rate loans. In addition, the measure to reduce excise tax on jet fuel from 4.726 baht per liter to 0.20 baht from January 1 to June 30, 2023 to support tourism and hospitality recovery and mitigate the impact of airlines affected by the COVID-19 crisis. HELP REDUCE FARES FOR THE PUBLIC BY ISSUING VOUCHERS (GIFT VOUCHERS) AND MILEAGE ALLOWANCE, ETC. When the government reduced taxes, it also helped reduce the cost of travel tickets as a New Year's gift to Thais. Therefore, if you want to adjust the fare, you should gradually increase it to help stimulate tourism. Every time they discuss, the airline association asks for cooperation. In the past, airlines have asked the state to help reduce fuel taxes, increase liquidity, and half measures. Phase 6, which the Ministry of Finance has not used to stimulate the economy again, as the Thai economy is now gradually recovering. The purchasing power has started to return, so half of phase 6 projects no longer need to be reused." Deep light The Director-General of the Revenue Department said that the Revenue Department has assessed the 2023 shopping measures, which is expected to reach 1.4 million people. The spending limit is approximately 42,000 million baht. Meanwhile, it will cause the Department to lose about 6,200 million baht in revenue.
WARRIX jumps 27.78% on first day of trading, confident of revenue surpassing 1 billion baht Ready to enter the lifestyle market |WARRIX launches beautiful trade, shares jump 27%, unveils strategy, ready for ASEAN growth Preparing to take on artist licenses Expanding lifestyle business, confident that this year revenue of 1,000 million baht Warrix Sports Public Company Limited (WARRIX) received positive feedback from investors with an opening trading price of 8.05 baht, up from a subscription price of 6.30 baht or 27.78%. Chief Executive Officer of Warrix Sports Public Company Limited (Warrix) revealed that the company plans to expand its marketing both deeply and broadly, with an interest in growing through the acquisition of licenses of ASEAN overseas sports teams. "The growth strategy will come from a broad and deep direction, with our focus on the overseas sports market to open new markets, especially in ASEAN where there are many sports teams that are ready for us to acquire licenses to grow." IN ADDITION, THE COMPANY IS INTERESTED IN ENTERING THE LIFESTYLE PRODUCTS MARKET BY ACQUIRING THE LICENSE OF COMMEMORATIVE PRODUCTS OF FAMOUS ARTISTS TO DEVELOP PRODUCTS FOR FAN SALES, WHICH WILL HELP OPEN NEW MARKETS FOR THE COMPANY AS WELL. Licensed products will play an important role in growth, although the current revenue share comes from 20% licensed products and 80% non-licensed products. We've found that every time we get a new license, customers will be able to buy more non-licensed products.  In addition, the company uses data to help analyze customers. This will create an opportunity for repeat purchases from 3-6 pieces per year to 9 pieces per year, and help your child buy products per bill from 1.5 pieces per bill to 2 pieces per bill. After the IPO, the company has more capital to develop its products and should continue to maintain high growth. In the first 9 months of 2022, the Company had revenue of 690.06 million baht. Net profit increased by 271.28 million baht or 64.78% and net profit of 65.41 million baht, up 359% from the previous year. The total offering value is 1,134 million baht. After this, the Company plans to use the proceeds from the fundraising to expand its investment to increase competitiveness, including investment in the construction of sports science center and office on Rama 9 Road in 2023-2024. Cyrus estimates that WARRIX is the designer and distributor of sports clothing and equipment, including the Sports Science Center, and has successfully created brand awareness through sponsorship of sports teams, especially football clubs and the Thai national team. In 2019-2021, revenue fell by only 3%, while normal profit increased by 3% amid the COVID-19 crisis, but we expect normal profit in the next 3 years to grow at an average of 56% due to the trend of maintaining health and expanding products to the lifestyle group, as well as overseas growth as well as growth opportunities in the health sector.
Thai stocks today, December 21, 2022, ended the morning up 2.71 points at 1,607 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 2.71. The index is at 1,607.15. Turnover 23,682.39 On December 21, 2022, half a day in the morning, the index rose 2.71 points, or 0.17%, to 1,607.15. The turnover was 23,682.39 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Muang Thai Capital Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
Laem Chabang Customs Partnering with international organizations Launch a full-scale anti-drug campaign|Laem Chabang Customs Launched The PCU Project: Anti Narcotics War to fight full-scale drugs on December 21, 2022. The Director of Customs Control said that the Customs Department has cooperated with the World Customs Organization (WCO) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) by establishing a Container Inspection Task Force (PCU) at Laem Chabang Port Customs Office. In order to crack down on drugs from importing and exporting as well as passing through the Kingdom, various technologies have been used in conjunction with customs inspections such as X-ray machines. THE CCTV SYSTEM, ETC., IS CONSIDERED TO PROTECT SOCIETY AND HONEST ENTREPRENEURS, AS WELL AS TO BUILD CONFIDENCE IN THAILAND IN THE INTERNATIONAL TRADE ARENA, WHICH WILL BRING MAXIMUM BENEFITS TO THE PEOPLE AND THE NATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT AND THE CUSTOMS DEPARTMENT. We have launched a line of customs patrol vehicles under The PCU Project: Anti Narcotics War to search packages and vehicles entering the port area as a precaution. Pressure and crackdown on drug smuggling networks This is to protect society from unwanted goods by Mr. Suradej Throngsiriviboon. Director, Laem Chabang Port Customs Office Mr. Waris Wisarathanon Product Inspection Technical Specialist Mr. Setthawut Chanwattana Director, Center for X-ray and Customs Technology Mr. Sittipat Rungruang Medal The Director of Customs Service Division 3 also attended the ceremony.
CPN builds new community mall for "Marche Thonglor" Supports high purchasing power groups|Central Pattana invested 2 billion baht to build the Marché Thonglor project to support high purchasing power groups, including young workers from Tech Company and Start-Up, hangout parties, family groups and expats abroad on December 21 2022. Total project area 60,000 sq.m. Under the joint venture between Central Pattana and Univenture, CPN will take care of the community mall and Univenture will oversee the office building with 3 key strategies: 1. The Most Prime Location of Thonglor. Connect to BTS Thonglor station, only 500 metersSPONSORED- Thonglor's most luxurious location includes 10 5-star hotels with over 2,700 rooms and luxury condominiums priced at THB 290,000/sq.m. Accommodating tourists and people with high purchasing power- Hub of Modern Workplaces Thonglor is growing with office buildings spread across the area, with Marche Thonglor having an office space of 13,700 sq.m. 2. The Affluent & Multifaceted District: Thonglor is a high-end lifestyle that continues to grow and is a space that meets all lifestyles. Gather multiple groups of people- Catchment Area There are approximately 1,000,000 people in the central Sukhumvit zone of Nana, Asoke, Phrom Phong, Ekamai, Thonglor. 3. The Neighbourhood Mixed-Use Development : Thonglor is a potential area that lacks landmark projects. Transforming Thonglor to meet the needs of more diverse customers rather than being a hangout source, but can attract people to live an all-day & all-night lifestyle, with highlights including: - Curated Food & Hangout Destination: The new high-end dining, omakase-style premium Japanese restaurant, unique restaurant and hangout destination includes a variety of dining and skybar styles- 24-hour parking: 3 basements for 425 cars, most in Thonglor- Vertical Oasis & Pet-Friendly: Fill 2,300 sq.m. Close to nature In addition, the Tower, which is part of the Office Lifestyle, is available for 12-storey office lifestyle rentals within the flexible-hours concept, open 24 hours a day. To support the work and lifestyle of workers in modern companies as well. 
Thai stocks today, December 21, 2022, ended the afternoon up 5.50 points, the index was at 1,609 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon session, the index was up 5.50 to 1,609.94. Turnover 50,881.59 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today is 21 Dec 2022 Half day afternoon showed an increase of 5.50. The index was at 1,609.94. The index peaked at 1,612.61. The index is at a low of 1,605.29. The turnover was 50,881.59 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Muang Thai Capital Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
Bangkok Bank Open an e-Savings deposit account and receive high interest rate of 1.50% per annum.|Bangkok Bank 21 Ms. Sujanee Puripanyavanich, Executive Vice President, Personal Product Development Manager, Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited (BBL), said that the Bank has prepared e-Savings deposits with an interest rate of 1.50% per annum for deposits not exceeding 1 million baht and for excess credit lines of 1 million baht at an interest rate of 0.50% per annum. There are 3 ways to prove your identity digitally via National Digital ID (NDID) or via Mobile ID or id card verification at a convenient bank Be My ID service point near your home sponsored, such as at counter service in all 7-Eleven stores. Kerry Shop Express Parsel Shop at more than 2,000 branches nationwide or any Bangkok Bank branch for existing customers who are already using the Bank's mobile banking application. You can open an additional e-Savings savings account as soon as you open a new account by following the steps until the account is opened successfully.
Japanese people love the Y-Thai series, WeTV, and 609 Bedtime Story hit the market.|WeTV expands Thai content, sells rights to Y-Thai series, Gol Rak senior and 609 Bedtime Story, goes to Japan After seeing the demand of the market, Ms. Kanokporn Philosophy Seth Chief Marketing and Sales Officer and WeTV Thailand Manager Tencent (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said that WeTV has recently joined forces with Content Seven, a major content distributor from Japan. To bring Thai content to the fans. WeTV has licensed two Contents Seven, 609 Bedtime Story and Love Mechanics, to make WeTV's Thai content more accessible to viewers in Japan. WeTV saw the potential and business opportunities, so it partnered with Content Seven by opening the market of Y series produced by WeTV to the Japanese market. We are confident that Thai content, especially Y-Thai series from WeTV ORIGINAL, will definitely receive positive feedback from users in Japan. 609 Bedtime Story, a new Y-fantasy series that tells the story of a love story in a parallel world that crosses dimensions, meets in Room 609 every midnight. With the latest Thailand, it was able to rank first in the Series Y category and the Daily ranking category on the Rakuten TV platform beautifully on the first day of streaming episodes 1 and 2. As for the seniors' love story. Mr. Song Chill Ryong, President of Content Seven Co., Ltd., said that with the company's vision to be a cultural center for delivering good content and seeing the opportunity to bring quality content from WeTV ORIGINAL or Thai original content to the Japanese platform. To meet the needs of Japanese people who like Y-Thai series content. This partnership with WeTV is an extension of the business that will not only strengthen the two companies in achieving their business growth goals together. In addition, the Company is confident in the quality of content from WeTV, as evidenced by the popularity of both series that are currently being distributed on video streaming platforms, which have received a lot of positive feedback from users. The company expects these two series to be popular in Japan. 
"Thai Airways" is pleased with the recovery plan to the right place, liquidity jumps 30 billion baht back to the market in 2025|"Thai Airways" Confirm the reconstruction plan is on the right track. Aviation industry recovers, surpassing 12 billion baht per month Continuous New High Pushing liquidity cash flow on hand to 30 billion baht To increase the registered capital of 31,500 million shares or approximately 336,000 million baht. The big goal shareholders must be positive capital. Leaving the reconstruction plan earlier than scheduled, returning to trading on the stock market in 2025. Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Thai Airways International revealed its operational plan under the reorganization plan, saying that at present, the aviation business has continued to grow. Many airlines have increased their routes and increased their flights, while Thai Airways continues to expand its passengers. It was found that at present, there is a passenger load rate (cabin factor). After returning to fly, an average of over 70% of all routes were affected. Nearby pre-COVID periods with high passenger load rates of 85%, Thai Airways has seen a surge in revenue and liquidity overflows. As a result, THAI's operating income returned to pre-COVID levels. At present, THAI has operating income of 12,000 million baht per month, close to the pre-COVID period with operating income of 15,000 million baht per month, which is considered a continuous growth in revenue. Barely any revenue, struggling to do everything, selling almost everything it has in order to survive Today, thai airways' operating income must be said to do new highs almost every month", it is easy to tell that THAI has been profitable since May 2022, which is caused by adjusting the cost of managing expenses in all parts. Thai Airways continues to do everything it can to earn money for the company. Offset earlier this year, tourism began to recover. As a result, thai airways' overall performance at the moment, although not profitable, is considered to be a decrease in losses. The recovery of passengers now on all routes has not been completed. More than 61 aircraft have not yet been fully flown and thai airways' cash flow has increased to 30 billion baht. This is a sufficient number to manage the organization. As a result, THAI did not have the urgency to procure new capital. While financial institutions are ready to lend to THAI, THAI sees that there is almost no need for loans at the moment. However, in order for the organization to be sustainable and able to exit the reorganization plan. Thai Airways still needs to provide 25 billion baht in new capital. According to the details submitted in the latest revision of the rehabilitation plan, Mr. Suvartana said that in the latest version of the thai airways rehabilitation plan, the bankruptcy court has approved the improvement of thai airways. New capital must be procured in accordance with the debt-to-capital conversion process and capital increase from existing creditors and existing shareholders in the amount of 25,000 million baht. By 2024, this is down from the original 50 billion baht reconstruction plan. THAI is in the process of hiring a financial advisory firm (FA) to assist in this process in order to provide new capital in the immediate term planned by THAI at 12.5 billion baht. In this section, the financial advisor will help analyze in the preparation of the entire financing plan, which will initially provide new loans in the form of term loans not exceeding 6 years and/or debt securities with a redemption period of not less than 6 years, amounting to not more than 12,500 million baht. 68In addition, according to the reconstruction plan. Thai Airways International is also preparing to provide revolving facilities with a limit of 12,500 million baht in allowance, and the company will increase its registered capital to approximately 31,500 million shares or approximately 336 billion baht. The goal is to make equity positive. In order to stabilize the company's financial structure and to allow the company's securities to return to trading on the stock exchange, THAI aims that the capital will return to positive in 2024 and will resume trading on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) earlier than planned in 2025. Thai Airways has the ability to make a continuous profit, which is one of the conditions under which it is determined to be able to return to trading on the stock exchange. The company must be able to increase its capital and have good profitability continuously, etc.
Travel together phase 5 with 500,000 privileges with a maximum limit of 3,600 baht|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan The Minister of Tourism and Sports has been asked to consult with the Budget Office to adjust the budget proposal for emergency or necessary expenses from the government in order to prepare the We Travel Together Phase 5 project and the proposed tourism economic stimulus measure of 8,700 million baht to 4,000 million baht, according to Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. prime minister Mr. Pipat stated that he would like to have 400,000-500,000 rights for the We Travel Together Phase 5 project, with a maximum of 3,600 baht for room and vouchers, while 400,000 rights will be used, if 400,000 rights are granted, 1,440 million baht will be used, and if 500,000 rights, the amount will be 1,800 million baht. The remaining 2,200-2,560 million baht It will be a budget for both domestic and international marketing of TAT. The TAT will submit the framework to the Budget Office. Consider adjusting it to the limit set by the Prime Minister. Once the Cabinet approves it, it will start the We Travel Together project. According to the original plan proposed by TAT under the limit of 8,700 million baht, such as the We Travel Together Phase 5 project of 1.5 million rights, 5,400 million baht of Wagenin and 3,300 million baht of marketing budget to stimulate the economy from tourism. The rights of the We Travel Together program that the public will receive include: The government supports room rates at 40% of the net price, but not more than 3,000 baht per room per night.
"Solar, therefore, prosperous", all the new year's gifts are distributed.|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry He said the ministry has provided new year 2023 gifts to people in four areas: 1. Creating success for the business sector; 2. Social care around industrial plants 3. Environmental Protection 4. Distribution of income to the people for better living in order to increase opportunities for private business operations. It reduces production costs. Increase financial liquidity and expand business opportunities for entrepreneurs. The Department of Industrial Works will waive annual fees for 60,283 industrial plants of all sizes of 2nd and 3rd class to stimulate the economy, totaling 282 million baht. Fees related to machine registration are waived. 1,200 customers, representing 2 million baht, while the Office of Industrial Standards (TISI) The company has offered a 30% discount on the sale of ISO standards to help entrepreneurs reduce costs and provide free inspection and certification services for S Industrial Products (TIS). The Department of Industrial Promotion (DEP) will gradually organize the "Buy Thai Fair" TO HELP INCREASE THE CHANNEL OF DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCTS FROM MANUFACTURERS DIRECTLY TO CONSUMERS UNDER THE "PERFECT COMMUNITY MARKET" MECHANISM, IT IS EXPECTED TO STIMULATE ECONOMIC GROWTH BY 12,000 MILLION BAHT, AS WELL AS PROVIDE LOANS TO ENTREPRENEURS WITH SPECIAL LOANS "DEPROMPAY", AND THE SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT BANK OF THAILAND HAS ARRANGED GIFTS AS CASH CARDS FOR USERS OF LOANS UP TO 5,000 BAHT. This year, 18,156 people have undergone health check-ups. In order to reduce pm 2.5 pollution caused by burning sugarcane during the 2022/23 production season, sugarcane farmers will benefit from 600 sugarcane milling machines nationwide."
Federation of Thai Industries poll reiterates concerns about energy prices|Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The FTI Poll on "How Thai Industry Will Continue to Move Under the Global Economic Slowdown" revealed that thailand's major economies in the world will continue to operate under a global economic slowdown. The U.S., the European Union, and Japan. It sends a clear signal that the economy is entering a slowdown from the effects of war and protracted geopolitical conflicts. Pressure on the energy crisis And the global inflation situation remains high. As a result, most executives of the S.O.T. see that it will have a moderate impact on the Thai economy, with the problem of rising production costs. Energy prices remain high. A survey of 226 executives concluded: 1. From the impact of the slowdown export markets in both Europe and the U.S., the 1st place said moderate, 47.3% said moderate, 27.0% said little, and 25.7% said most. No. 1 said that the cost of production rose from energy prices by 88.5%, the second place was inflation in the main economies at a high level of 68.1%, and the trend of rising interest rates. 54.4%SPONSORED3.How will the industry adapt to the economic slowdown? 1st place indicates improved production efficiency. 80.5% said they would use emergency funds 55.8% and 3rd place would use technology and digital to help them do business. 50% 4.What should the government do to help entrepreneurs? 86.3% said they would improve laws and regulations to increase the country's competitiveness, while 63.3% said they would improve their competitiveness. The 3rd place stated that the stimulus measures in the country were issued to increase the purchasing power of the people. 50.4%.
BOI is ready to upgrade SME as an intermediary to link capital sources.|Mr. Sittikorn Direksoonthorn Director and General Manager, Small Industry Credit Insurance Corporation In 2023, THE COMPANY remains committed to helping small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by becoming intermediaries to link financing sources through the expansion of credit guarantee channels to digital platforms to increase access to financing. To contribute to the development and reorganization of corporate image and culture to TCG Fast & First, a fast service for loan guarantee performance during 1 January - 30 November 2022, the total guarantee amount is 136,000 million baht. It helped 81,107 entrepreneurs and approved 85,670 letters of guarantee, while the cumulative guarantee to date stands at 1.37 trillion baht. Helped 748,000 SME customers and approved 1.06 million cumulative letters of guarantee Meanwhile, the company has measures to assist debtors for sustainable debt resolution through debt reconciliation mechanisms. NEARLY 10,000 SMEs participated in the project, of which 5,197 participated in the program.
Central Pattanabuk "Thonglor" invests 2 billion baht to build Community Mall 3|Mr. Wuttikiat Tejamangalapiwat, Head of Community Mall Business, Central Pattana Plc. Revealed that the project is set to open Marché Thonglor (Marche Thonglor). The investment value is over 2,000 million baht. Total Project Area (GFA) 60,000 sq.m. Under the joint venture between "Central Pattana" in the community mall and "Univenture" in the office building, the new landmark in Thonglor with the largest and most complete mixed-use project will be opened in November 2020. Mar 2023 The Marché Thonglor project consists of: The podium is a 5-storey community mall with an area of 13,600 sq.m. Shops and restaurants are open to customers from morning to evening. Providing convenience for all lifestyles including eating, shopping, traveling and hanging out after work, G floor, Central Food Hall, carefully selected consumer products from both domestic and international markets. Central Pattana is committed to building a strong Sustainable Ecosystem with a 5-year investment plan worth 120,000 million baht. Moving forward with the "Retail-Led Mixed-Use Development" plan The company has strengthened its core business development, including 50 shopping centers at home and abroad, 17 community malls, more than 70 residential projects, 13 office buildings, and 37 hotels. Imagining better futures for all by creating and developing quality spaces to take care of people, communities, and the environment to grow along with economic progress and drive Thailand.
Get a new taxi fare Land transport with open meter inspection 80,000 units|More than 80,000 taxis will be inspected before adjusting taxi fares, confident of checking the fine-tuned meter registration completed in 60 days after "Saksiam" signed the Ministry's announcement approving a fare hike for registered cars in Bangkok, starting with a big car of 40 baht, with a 40-baht increase according to the distance. Director-General of the Department of Land Transport Mr. Saksiam Chidchob revealed the progress of the new taxi fare adjustment. The Minister of Transport signed the Ministry's declaration on December 15, 2022. The matter of determining the rate of passenger pay and other service charges for up to seven passenger taxis registered in Bangkok, but taxis will not be able to adjust the fare at all at this time due to the procedure to send the matter to The Secretary of State for The Gazette to collect the new taxi fares thereafter. More than 80,000 registered taxi operators or taxi owners will be allowed to use the taxi meter to fine-tune the price according to the original price and bring the fine-tuned car or meter. The B.B.C. will increase the convenience by opening the Bang Sue Central Station area for registration. It is expected to take 60 days to complete the inspection of the new price calculation meter and then be able to collect the new fares"The new taxi fare adjustment will still be randomized or checked the taxis that are currently operating in the system, both in terms of cleanliness and safety standards, taxi prices of operators and service users. Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Minister of Transport has signed an order declaring the Ministry of Transport Re: Determination of the rate of passenger pay and other service charges for taxis carrying up to seven passengers (metered taxis) registered in The Mahanakhon Group to be in line with the cost of fuel and value. Livelihoods are rising nowadays. Some of the details of the notice indicate the setting of passenger pay. For hire cars that are three-part sedans, three-part sedans, three-part passenger cars, and three-part passenger cars, the following are the distances of the first 1 km 40.00 baht, the distance exceeding 1 km to km at 10 km 6.50 baht, the distance exceeding 10 km to km 20 km 7.00 baht, the distance exceeding 20 km to km at 40 km 8.00 baht, the distance exceeding 40 km to km at 60 km 8.50 baht, the distance exceeding 60 km to 80 km 9.00 baht and the distance exceeding 80 km or more. 10.50 baht per km. In addition to item 1, the distance of the first 1 km is 35.00 baht, the distance exceeds 1 km to km at 10 km 6.50 baht, the distance exceeds 10 km to km at 20 km 7.00 baht, the distance exceeds 20 km to 40 km 8.00 baht per km.
Ministry of Commerce organizes new year gifts to help people until the end of January 2023|"Santa Ud-Jurin" is full of the team of the Ministry of Commerce to give away new year's gifts. Launched the project "Commercial Discount! Up to 85% off products, services and online at more than 46,100 branches to shop economically for the New Year until the end of the month. Jan 2023 It is expected to reduce the burden on Thai people's pockets by at least 4 billion baht. Aiming to stimulate the economy by 12 billion baht on the occasion of New Year's Eve The Ministry of Commerce organized a project to help alleviate the burden of living expenses as a gift to the Thai people at 09.30 a.m. on December 21 at the Multipurpose Plaza, 3rd floor, Ministry of Commerce, Sanambinnam, Nonthaburi. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The Head of the Democrat Party, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, together with the executives of the Ministry of Commerce, held a press conference on the project "Discount Commerce! Up to 85% discount with 13,652,400 items including online trade divided into 1.Consumer goods 14 categories 31,741 items up to 80% discount 2.Service category 8 categories with 657 items Maximum discount It is expected that the New Year Grand Sale 2023 project of the Ministry of Commerce will reduce the cost of living for the whole country by not less than 4,000 million baht and stimulate the economy of the country by not less than 12 billion bahtSPONSORED "Thanks to the cooperation of all departments of the Ministry of Commerce, especially the Department of Internal Trade and the cooperation of 315 entrepreneurs to 46,100 branches, including 77 manufacturers, 1,136 branches, 89 dealers, 21,220 branches, 136 service providers, 12,444 branches and 13 platforms, 11,300 branches. The Deputy Prime Minister and The Minister of Commerce said.
"Light mango" must be registered as a GI product. |The Ministry of Commerce registered "Songkhla Light Mango" as a GI product, including light mango compote and salt-pickled light mango, revealing that it generates income for the community. Farmers over 58 million baht per year Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Minister of Commerce said that the Department of Intellectual Property has announced the registration of a new geographical indication or GI, namely Songkhla light mango, which is a well-known product that has long been accepted by consumers in terms of quality as well as its distinctive taste identity and sour taste. Dense white flesh and crispy It is formed by planting in sandy loamy soil conditions with deposition of shell remains. As a result, baosongkhla mangoes taste better than other areas, with the GI-registered bao songkhla mango growing area covering 4 districts of the province, namely Singhanakorn District, Sating Phra. In addition to registering fresh mangoes. The registration also includes light mango compote and salt-pickled light mango, which are popular products for people in the province and tourists who often buy them as souvenirs from the province. It has the potential to generate more than 58 million baht per year in income for community enterprises or local communities with locally unique products that are unique to geographical sources and are of reputable quality. You can apply for GI registration at the People's Service Center, 3rd floor, Department of Intellectual Property or the Department of Intellectual Property hotline at 1368. Create added value for products as well as promote the establishment of product quality control systems to build consumer confidence. and continuously expanding marketing channels.
 STACK The share price fell 22% in 5 days, the company rushed to extinguish the fire, clarifying plans to use PP money. To shareholders|STACK was hit by a 22% sell-off in the share price after changing the policy of using capital increases, and the company proceeded to file a share repurchase plan and disclosed detailed details of the use of the funds at the shareholders' meeting of Stark Corporation Public Company Limited. In the past 5 business years, the share price has fallen by more than 22% as a result of the Company's announcement of the delisting rights of the purchasers under the share purchase agreement between the Company and LEONI AG and LEONI Bordnetz-Systeme GmbH to acquire 100% of the total ordinary shares of the target company, with a total turnover not exceeding EUR 560 million or approximately THB 20,588.90 million. The private placement directly affected concerns about 21 the company's shares. The Company has announced a share repurchase program. When the company has retained earnings and excess liquidity. Mr. Chanin Cool with all his heart Chairman of the Board Stark Corporation Public Company Limited STARK The Company disclosed that in accordance with the news of the resolutions of the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 9/2022 held on December 21, 2022 in relation to the Treasury Stock Program, the Company would like to further clarify that the Treasury Stock Repurchase Program will be carried out from excess liquidity from the Company's operations when the Company has sufficient retained earnings and in an amount not exceeding the Company's unallocated retained earnings in the Company's separate statements. This is in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association and related laws. The Board of Directors has assigned the management. Collect detailed information about share repurchases, including the maximum amount used to repurchase shares. Number and proportion of shares repurchased The method and timing of share repurchase and price criteria to be proposed to the Board of Directors' meeting or shareholders' meeting (as the case may be) for further consideration. However, since the Company has exercised its statutory rights and related clauses to revoke the share purchase agreement referred to, the Company has not used the capital increase received by the Company from the offering of newly issued ordinary shares to a limited number of persons. The Private Placement for such transactions is no longer valid. The Company would like to clarify that the Company still has a policy to use the money. This amount is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders, including expanding its business and strengthening the Company's business operations. The shareholders' meeting will consider additional objectives and plans to use the new capital increase accordingly. The rules of the relevant law continue.
Gold price today, 22 December 2022, opened in the morning "Gold jewelry" selling 30,300 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The "Gold Bullion" price sold out at 29,800 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,300 baht on December 22, 2022. "Gold jewelry" buys 29,167.84 baht per baht and sells out 30,300 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,850 baht sell out 14,900 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,583.92 baht sell out 15,150 baht gold price today 1 slung gold bullion buy 7,425 baht sell out 7,450 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,291.96 baht sell out 7,575 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.5 baht sell out 3,725 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,645.98 baht sell out 3,787.5 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Refuel from January 1 to February 15, 2023. Used in measures to shop well with nights in 2023.|Refuel on January 1-February 15, 2023 Don't forget to request a tax invoice from the gas station to use in the 2023 Shop Dee Me Back measure on December 21, 2022. Mr. Laworn Deep light The Director-General of the Revenue Department said that in 2023, the Revenue Department has expanded to bring fuel costs for both cars and motorcycles to reduce personal income tax. In the measures, good shopping has the first night for such fuel costs. Must be from a gas station that is VAT registered and can issue a tax invoice. This is to help stimulate travel and tourism during the festive season. In 2023, there are still 10 products and services that cannot be used. As follows:1. Purchase of liquor 2. Tobacco 3. Cars 4. Newspapers and magazines 5. Tour service fee paid to tour operators 6. Hotel accommodation 7. Utility fee 8. Signal service fee 9. Internet service fee 10. The project will run from January 1 to February 15, 2023 and will apply for tax reduction in 2024 with a maximum amount of 40,000 baht.
Have money to get a mortgage on the land for sale. Refinancing Easy loan, no credit bureau check|There is money. Under the supervision of the Government Savings Bank, the land was mortgaged and sold. Refinancing Easy loan without checking credit bureau, giving a credit line ranging from 300,000 to 10 million on December 22, 2022. Chief Executive Officer of Methat Meethat Co., Ltd. said that The Savings Bank has formed a joint venture between Tipaya Exponential Co., Ltd. and Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited to establish Methat Meethat Co., Ltd. with a registered capital of 1,000 million baht. In the middle of 2022, Omsin holds 49%, Tipaya Exponential holds 31% and Bangchak holds 29%. There is a need to use cash in times of emergency or to replenish working capital for businesses that are looking for money to supplement liquidity or want to expand their business, including: Refinancing existing loans to relieve interest burdens By land loans with this detail- Mortgage the land and sell the deposit. Refinancing loans for individuals with a loan limit of 300,000 baht to 10 million bahtSPONSORED- Juristic person loan amount from 300,000 baht to 50 million baht, maximum loan amount 70% of the government land appraisal price - interest rate for the first year 6.99-8.99% per annum, 2nd year onwards, MLR+ maximum 2.85% per annum (currently MLR = 6.150% per annum)- The maximum installment period is 5 years, with a discounted principal and no principal payment for 1 year- no credit bureau check, no income check, and no guarantor. We set a target of 10,000 million baht by 2023. The company has already provided pilot services in 5 provinces including Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani, Samut Sakhon and Samut Prakan and is preparing to provide full service from January 2023, with plans to expand the service to all major cities in all regions in early 2023 and nationwide from mid-2023 onwards.
The Association of Analysts has imposed a stock tax, pushing the volume down to 20 billion, causing big companies to flee abroad.|Capital markets voiced opposition to taxing stocks, analysts' associations, pushing volumes to 20 billion baht. Big businesses flee to register abroad, Dr. Niwet sees the loss of opportunities for the development of the country. The government should use the capital market to create growth. President, Investment Analysts Association In terms of the impact of the tax on the sale of shares, it may affect the turnover to decline. This may put pressure on the turnover to drop to 2-3. Ten billion baht per day only. In the past 5-6 years, there have been many foreign investors who have invested in surveys from foreign investors, they will stop trading if taxed due to the high cost. Currently, they have a cost of 0.03%, if the government collects a tax of 0.10%, the cost of paying more is quite large. Create a cost burden on the trader, if there is a real taxation, it will definitely affect the turnover. In the past, many of the high turnover was an attraction for companies to be listed on the stock market. Big companies can't raise capital, and with the walls of the stock market falling. This makes overseas fundraising a better opportunity. Big companies will also go to Singapore. Startups choose to go to Hong Kong or the U.S., however, in the past, the Thai stock market has generated a lot of money and paid taxes. Last year, there were more than 800 listed companies, but paid more than 200 billion baht in corporate taxes. From the country's total corporate tax of 800 billion baht. IN ADDITION, THAI INVESTORS PAY OVER 60 BILLION BAHT IN DIVIDEND TAX AND PAY VAT OF 7%. Dr. Niwet Hemochiravarakorn, a major investor He revealed that in the past, Thailand has promoted quite a lot of investment. However, in recent times, Thailand has been declining in terms of foreign investment and competitiveness, leaving only the capital market that foreigners cannot keep up with. Thai listed companies are strong, the fact that the state will collect a sales tax is a risk. If stored, then the turnover decreases. When a company wants to raise high value capital to invest in future projects, there may be funding problems. However, the government should use the stock market as a spearhead in the country's development in order to provide companies with access to financing to generate growth and maximize efficiency, which through major tax payers on the stock exchange. Asuvo scholar, Thailand Development Institute (TDRI), said the disadvantages of taxing stocks outweighed the positives. In particular, changing the status of people in countries with very high income gaps by now those who will succeed is not easy. It must use the capital market to encourage the new generation to invest correctly. It's not. Taxation will draw more than 16 billion baht out of the capital market, and it is very unlikely that the government will meet the targets.
Check the status of the State Welfare Card with the message "Incomplete registration".|Check registration status State Welfare Card 2022 For those who have the message "Incomplete registration", urgently correct by Friday, December 23, 2022On December 22, 2022, Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economics, as the spokesperson of the Ministry of Finance. According to the Ministry of Finance, the results of the registration status of the State Welfare Registration Scheme have been announced. Year 2022 (Project) On Friday, November 25, 2022, a registrant with the status "Incomplete Registration Status" was found because the registrant's information did not match the department's database. A total of 1,386,423 registrants were registered for the benefit of such groups and to ensure the accuracy and up-to-date of the information as much as possible. As of Tuesday, December 20, 2022, a total of 13,356 registrants who had passed the information and had the status "Complete Registration Status" were examined for those who still had the status "Incomplete Registration Status" because the registrant's information did not match the Department's database. The registrant of such group can check the accuracy of the information at the district office/district office and if they find that there is incorrect information according to the information of the Department of Government. If the person who is registered at the registration agency must contact the registrant to correct the information at the registration agency where the registrant has already submitted the registration form. For those who register in person through the website, they can request to amend the information at any registration agency, which must be completed by Friday, December 23, 2022, and the Ministry of Finance will announce the final results of the project registration status on Wednesday, December 28, 2022. The Ministry of Finance will send the results of the qualification check to the relevant authorities again, which will be announced in January 2023, and the registrant can check the results of the qualification check through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th read the relevant news.
What startups does JFIN invest in startups?|The strategy of innovating to transform itself of large traditional companies, in addition to increasing the R&D budget within the organization itself. One of the most common methods is to make strategic investments in other startups related to the business and be able to find synergy together in the future, as well as the J Mart Group, which has J Ventures Co., Ltd. (J Ventures), which many people may remember as the creator of JFIN Coin. There are 13 in the current portfolio. T2P, a FinTech startup, provides a one-stop solution for B2B2C financial transactions. Indra FinTech Co., Ltd., a fintech startup that provides online payment systems ChillPay, DeepSpark Pier Lending Co., Ltd. (DeepSpark), a subsidiary of T2P, a startup that provides financial services that use AI technology as the main tool, has entered the testing of limited services. Under the BOT's regulatory sandbox, Satoshi Co., Ltd., a new financial platform that uses blockchain technology, is a decentralized exchange of digital assets under the brand name KULAP, licensed by the SEC. JP2P, a P2P loan system under Jmart that connects investors to borrow money with individuals (peer-to-peer) with JFIN as a DCF platform that reduces the cost of intermediaries engaged in business. This will allow investors to get higher returns, as well as become more accessible to the general public.  Tokenine Co., Ltd. (tokenine), a blockchain technology solutions consulting and software development company, recently partnered with JFIN to launch JREPO platform for decentralized finance, SafeBSC, yield farming platform, Plotfolio, follow deFi investments on BSC (Binance Smart Chain) network, SPONSOREDJN Co., Ltd. or JDN Exchange Network to manage blockchain. Currently, it has its own blockchain, SMILE MONEY, a FinTech startup based in the UK. The parent company of Kogo Pay Mobile Payment K Innovation Co., Ltd., a digital marketing company, provides advertising services through the software system Hubba Co., Ltd. (Hubba) is the first coworking space in Thailand, and accelerator has been created to accelerate the growth of startups.  In the future, J Ventures plans to collaborate with several more partners to create DX (Digital Transformation) by focusing on expanding its partnerships in two areas: tech partners to create technologies and solutions, and business partners that J Ventures will help with DX (Digital Transformation) to grow the business.  
Thai stocks today, December 22, 2022, ended the afternoon up 6.73 points, the index was at 1,616 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 6.73. The index is at 1,616.67. Turnover 43,068.38 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 22nd. Dec. 22, 2022 Half day afternoon showed an increase of 6.73. The index was at 1,616.67. The index peaked at 1,618.86. The index is at a low of 1,611.81. The turnover was 43,068.38 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Moshi Moshi Retail Corporation Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
6 New Year Gifts 2023 from "Ministry of Labour" opened for workers|"Ministry of Labour" Delivered 6 New Year 2023 gifts to bring happiness to workers' brothers and sisters on December 22, 2022. The Minister of Labour said: Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense and Ministry of Labour under the supervision of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister expressed concern for all workers. And he instructed all ministries to consider the gifts to be given to the people. In order to stimulate the economy and encourage the people during the New Year festival, the Cabinet meeting on December 20 approved measures to give New Year's gifts to the people. This year, there are 6 New Year's gifts under the campaign "Give Free, Reduce Happy Labor" to give happiness to workers. Item 1 provides mortgage loans for low-interest insurers. Promote housing for insurers to redeem mortgages from other financial institutions and reduce interest rates on loans on loan accounts borrowed with participating banks. The project limit is not more than 30,000 million baht. The interest burden of insurers is reduced. For the insured persons in the Social Security System Section 33 who have paid contributions for at least 6 months, they can use the right to reduce the interest rate on mortgages. Year 1-5 Year Interest Rate 1.99% p.a. Fixed 5 Years Year 6–8 Interest Rate MRR–2.00% And the 9th year onwards until the contract period, the interest rate is MRR–0.50%. per year Lending not more than 2 million baht per personSPONSORED item 2 to access the right to treatment for 5 diseases as specified by the hospital, namely breast cancer. Lump in the uterus Kidney stones or gallbladder, stroke Cardiovascular disease to enhance access to treatment From January 1 to September 30, 2023, the MOU between the Social Security Office and specialized medical facilities designated by the Social Security Office to provide insurers with access to effective medical services. The Social Security Office pays for medical services to hospitals that perform the third direct surgery to "want to work, must work." People who want to have a job have the opportunity to choose an application that matches their knowledge, abilities and aptitudes, get a job, earn money, support themselves and their families, and improve their quality of life. The Department of Employment has prepared a variety of vacancies. There are 613,784 vacancies in Thailand and 50,000 in foreign countries. www.thaiemployment.com Employment offices in all provinces nationwide Bangkok Employment Office Area 1-10 and Mobile Employment Vehicle 4 Free Risk Search Cardiovascular disease and heart disease in establishments in 7 pilot provinces, namely Samut Prakan, Chonburi, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani, Rayong, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya and Samut Sakhon, targeted at 300,000 insured persons, focusing on the risk of cardiovascular disease, divided by risk, high-risk, medium, low. Telemedicine system and behavior adjustment, risk screening assessment, and IT data recording will be carried out. In particular, the likelihood of death from cardiovascular disease and leading to changes in health behaviors. It has become a model for health promotion and disease prevention services in the workplace. Starting from January 2023 onwards, the 5th piece is free to train security officers at advanced technical and professional levels. 10,000 safety law courses on occupational safety skills to ensure safety officers and employees are taken care of in relation to safety. Occupational Health and Working Environment Reduce costs for employers to send technical safety officers From January to March 2023, piece 6 reduces the skill standard test rate for 5,000 workers nationwide, with the skill standard test fee level 1 from 100 baht to 1 baht, level 2 from 150 baht to 2 baht, and 3 from 200 baht to 3 baht, worth more than 1 million baht. For 3 months starting from 1 January – 31 March 2023, you can contact all offices/institutes nationwide.
The board chose Somphop Purivikraipong as the 7th NBTC member for the Senate to consider.|The NBTC board voted Somphop Purivikraipong as the 7th NBTC member and prepared for consideration by the Senate on December 22, 2022. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) has signed the NBTC Nomination Committee announcement. The result of the selection of candidates to be elected as the 7th NBTC director is Associate Professor Somphop Purivikraipong. NBTC In telecommunications, 16 people came to express their vision and were interviewed. On Tuesday, December 20, 2022, while considering the Qualifications and Prohibited Characteristics Committee of the candidates, it appears that Associate Professor Somphop Purivikraipong has been selected as a candidate who has no qualifications and does not have prohibited characteristics under Section 7 and Section 14/2, as well as having knowledge, expertise and experience in the field of telecommunications under Section 6 and announced by the Nomination Committee under Section 14/1 to be a director. NBTC The list shall be submitted to the Senate for approval under Sections 15 and 16. Of the Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications Organizations Act B.E. 2553 (2010) and as amended, the reporter reported that Associate Professor Somphop Purivikraipong is currently vice-chancellor for university council affairs and academic positions, Mahanakorn University of TechnologySPONSORED, with a bachelor's degree in applied physics. King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang and Ph.D. in Stellite Engineering, Surrey Space Centre, University of Surrey UK
New Year's Eve - North-East 112 Billion Baht|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), said that the travel forecast Domestic travel during the New Year's long weekend on 31 Dec 2022-2 Jan 23 is a time when Thais prefer to travel, relax, celebrate the New Year or return to their homeland. Domestic tourism is expected to reach 3.14 million times. The north is expected to have the highest average occupancy rate of 78%, with 560,380 Thai visitors and 2,050 million baht in revenue, while the colder weather in the mountaintop tourist destinations in the north and northeast is suitable for relaxing families, friends and couples. Therefore, there will be more tourist trips than other regions. As for the area with the number of visitors. The most Thai, excluding Bangkok, is Chonburi. It is expected to have 533,070 Thai visitors- times, an average occupancy rate of 85%, due to Thai and Korean artists performing concerts in Pattaya. Led by "Bam Bam", many Thai fans will take the opportunity to travel at the same time.
Omsin launches "Company has a place to have money" with land lending|Mr. Issara Wongrung Chief Executive Officer, Meat Money Limited, a subsidiary of Government Savings Bank He revealed that the company now has money ready to lend land by people who need funds to enhance liquidity or want to expand their business, including refinancing existing loans to relieve interest burdens. Land can be mortgaged, sold, sold and refinanced by lending to both individuals with a loan limit of 300,000 baht - 10 baht. The loan amount is from 300,000 baht to 50 million baht, the maximum loan amount is 70% of the government land appraisal price, the interest rate for the first year is 6.99-8.99% per annum, the second year onwards, MLR+ up to 2.85% per annum (currently MLR 6.150% per annum), the installment period is up to 5 years, and the principal reduction is free of principal for 1 year. It does not check income and does not require a guarantor, but if the customer brings a condominium as a guarantee asset. In 2023, the loan amount is expected to be 10,000 million baht. The project will be piloted in 5 provinces, namely Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani, Samut Sakhon and Samut Prakan, and plans to expand to major cities in all regions at the beginning of 2023 and nationwide from mid-2023 onwards, with savings branches as the main service. IF YOU WANT TO ADD IT, YOU CAN NOTIFY BECAUSE THE SAVINGS BOARD HAS APPROVED THE CREDIT LIMIT OF 10,000 MILLION BAHT".SPONSORED
Taxing the sale of shares is not worth it. Making the Thai capital market go back 20 years - foreigners flee!|"Phaiboon" presses stock sales tax to make Thai capital market go back 20 years, foreign investors flee to invest elsewhere The liquidity that is the strength of the Thai stock market has shrunk. Affecting the funding of large businesses is not worth losing Mr. Paiboon Nalintrangkur. President, Investment Analysts Association Speaking at the FETCO Capital Market Outlook, a special talk on "Is the share sales tax worth it?" that the government's stock sales tax measures that will come out will not be worth it. This does not directly affect fundraisers, but directly affects investors because it will gradually reduce liquidity in the market due to higher investment costs. Currently, up to 50% of the liquidity in the market comes from foreign investment, if taxed, it may result in the total loss of liquidity coming from abroad, since the tax is prepared to be collected higher than the stock trading fee. As a result, the value of the Thai stock market will shrink to 10,000-30,000 million baht or back to 20 years ago. If that's true, raising capital from large companies won't be possible, of course. As a result, large companies go out to raise capital on other countries' stock markets. Since there is currently no barrier, sponsored the Thai capital market has not yet developed to the top. There are only more than 800 listed companies, which if more companies are in the market, it will be more beneficial: 1. Transparency 2. Help the government collect more taxes. "We see clearly that liquidity is definitely lost, based on direct surveys, not theoretical surveys, we ask foreign investors who trade a lot, create liquidity for us, whether you will stay with us if there is this tax. And the government's expectation of taxing 16 billion baht in shares is impossible because it is an estimate of 100 billion baht per day in 2021. As a result, the trading volume has been reduced to 5-60 billion baht per day, which requires a new estimate, especially based on the fact that foreigners will lose 80-90%," Mr. Paiboon said, adding that the role of the capital market is to provide funding for the business sector. Today, this role is very good, with large and medium-sized companies raising a lot of capital, and the company being able to raise capital from the capital market, thus lightening the burden on the financial sector. During the crisis, Tom Yum Kung had only commercial bank funding. When banks have problems, the country's overall picture is disrupted, but there are currently capital markets that do a good job of raising capital. It reinforces an economic lifeblood that is no longer just one bank. In the past, large amounts of capital from large companies have been raised because the liquidity in the Thai capital market is large at the regional level. Having the most diversified and liquid investors in ASEAN is a plus. If liquidity disappears any day, funding through an IPO will stagnate immediately because it becomes more difficult to do so.
"MG" launches full-fledged electric vehicles Introducing the ZS EV starter the right way!|The reporter reported that MG Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd., a dealer of MG cars in Thailand. The NEW MG ZS EV is a 100% electric vehicle with the concept of "Truly Easy", a 100% electric vehicle powered by an electric motor with a maximum output of 177 hp and a maximum torque of 280 Nm. With a large battery with a capacity of 50.3 kWh, it can drive up to 403 kilometers on a full charge. The new ZS EV is safe and correct thanks to the electric vehicle start system of the MG. The new ZS EV and MG EP are PUSH START systems that require the power from the High Voltage battery to the 12V battery via the Inverter to be used to feed the drive system. All systems are turned on and ready to work. The startup will be completed. This procedure is one of the safety systems in all MG vehicles. To ensure the correct and safe use of MG's electric trains.
Korea-Thailand Travel Year Fireworks KTO Oh Pa Shakes Hands TAT joins the 2-year golden campaign|Reporters report that the Korea Tourism Promotion Organization (KTO) has partnered with the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT). Announcement of Bilateral Cooperation Kim Chang-sil has designated 2023-2024 as the Year of Tourism between Korea and Thailand (2023-2024 Korea-Thailand Mutual Visit Years) and appointed Jeong Eun-ji, actor and idol, an APINK member, as honorary public relations ambassador. The Chairman of Korea Tourism Promotion Organization Thailand said that in 2019, before the covid-19 outbreak, there was no need for a tourism promotion organization. With approximately 570,000 Thai tourists visiting Korea, Thailand is the largest market in Southeast Asia for Korean tourism. As many as 1.89 million Korean tourists visit Thailand, making it the 4th largest country in the world. This means that both countries share an important tourism market. "The next 2 years are a great opportunity for KTO to collaborate with TAT to promote tourism together, not only to support tourism of one country as KTO organizes annually, but also to promote and organize various activities of both countries throughout the year.
Send people home - book online 10% off|Mr. Sanlak Panwattanalikit President, Transportation Company Limited He later presided over the New Year's Eve 2023 Holiday Action Plan meeting. It has prepared for the travel of the people. The number of passengers is expected to increase from New Year 2022 by approximately 5% due to the covid-19 situation. More people and tourists returning to travel during 28-29 December 2022 It is estimated that an average of 50,000-55,000 people use buses per day. Between January 2-3, 2022, an average of 53,000 passengers use the bus daily, with approximately 3,300 trips. The Company has submitted a letter of permission to the Registrar of the Department of Land Transport to allow operators to bring non-commuter buses (registration number 30) to supplement various routes, predicting that there will be approximately 600 non-commuter buses to supplement the trip. Advance bookings for new year 2023 travel on northern, southern, northeastern and eastern routes of B.C. It currently occupies over 90% of the seats by routes to Chiang Mai, Nakhon Phanom and Hat Yai. In order to give a New Year's gift to the public, THE COMPANY has organized the "HAPPY NEW YEAR 2023 10% discount to go back and forth later" by offering a 10% discount on fares to customers who purchase tickets through online channels, Application E-Ticket or WEBSITE www.transport.co.th travel on December 21-27, 2022 and January 3-9, 2023.
Treasury reveals new appraisal price in 2023-2026: Land jumped 8.93%, building costs increased 6.21%|Mr. Jumren Photiyod Director-General of the Treasury Department The new land and building appraisal price will be announced from Jan. 1, 2023-31. DEC 2026 Land appraisal prices have increased on average throughout the country. In the tax year 2023, the land and building appraisal price for the fiscal year 2023-2026 will be used as the basis for calculating tax according to the Land and Building Tax Act B.E. 2562.21 There are an average of about 7 million plots registered annually, representing 20% of the total number of land plots. Not exceeding 50 million baht It is considered that the majority of the people will not be affected, but will be affected by people who own a lot of land. For tenants who are still required to pay taxes, which are not exempted"Originally, the land and building appraisal account will be published according to the State Property Valuation Act B.E. 2562 (2019) from the beginning of December 2021, but due to the COVID-19 situation affecting the overall economic condition of the country, it has to be postponed to 1 January 2023 to reduce the burden on the people to use the appraisal price as a base for taxing land and buildings, including taxes and fees for registration of rights and juristic acts during that period."
The legend of the red box cookie is about to enter the stock market KCG, the owner of Imperial Cookies. Filed filing. |KCG, the owner of Imperial Cookies, filed a filing to the stock exchange to offer up to 170 million shares of shares, bringing money to increase distribution potential and pay off debts of financial institutions. Managing Director Securities Companies Bualuang Public Company Limited, as financial advisor of KCG Corporation Public Company Limited or KCG, disclosed that the Company has filed an application form for securities offering and a registration statement for the offering of securities (filing). To the SEC for an initial public offering (IPO) on December 21, 2022. KCG Corporation Plc. has a registered capital of 560 million baht. Divided into no more than 560 million ordinary shares Par Value (Par) The company has a paid-up capital of Baht 390 million and will offer up to 170 million shares or not more than 30.4% of the total issued and paid-up ordinary shares of the Company. Following the issuance and offering of newly issued ordinary shares, the objective is to raise the proceeds. Increase the capacity of distribution centers and warehouses as well as expand production capacity, and the rest will be used to pay off financial institutions' debts and use them as working capital for operations. Chairman of the Executive Committee, KCG Corporation Public Company Limited (the "Company" or "KCG") Revealed that the company is a leader in the production and distribution of consumer products. Butter-cheese food products under the brand Imperial and Allowrie produce and distribute biscuits and are leading importers of bakery and Western brands around the world with over 64 years of experience and expertise in the food industry. The company has strong product strengths and strong brands, has knowledge and understands the needs of various consumer groups. Efficient cold chain logistics system At present, KCG has 3 main types of products: 1. Dairy products consisting of butter, cheese and dairy-processed products such as ready-to-drink milk, whipped cream, cream cheese and curd under the main brands imperial allowrie and dairygold 2. Finished Food Products 2) Bakery products under imperial brand such as cake flour and mixed dough, 3) Concentrated fruit juice products under SUNQUICK brand with various flavors such as orange, mandarin orange and mixed fruits, and 4) Bakery and cooking equipment.
KResearch expects more than 30 billion baht in new year in Bangkok, pointing to government stimulus measures|New Year's Eve is not lonely. It is estimated that the total amount in Bangkok exceeds 30 billion baht. KResearch estimates that the total spending of Bangkok people during the New Year 2023 will be around 30,900 million baht. It grew by 10.5% year-on-year due to the resumption of activities and increased travel from the New Year last year when the Omicron outbreak occurred. This is partly driven by the good-night shopping measures, which may stimulate spending among those with moderate to high purchasing power who want to use tax deductions. However, most people will allocate only for the celebrations during the 4-day new year holiday or between December 30, 2022 and January 2, 2023, and return to tightening spending plans after the festive period. Put pressure on consumers' purchasing power to plan their spending carefully. However, due to the covid-19 situation that has eased. As a result, the majority of people are returning to outdoor activities and traveling. In the second half of 2022, celebrations have resumed in line with the survey results, with the majority of Bangkokians still prioritizing festive celebrations. KResearch views that consumers' spending decisions will continue to be affected by rising prices of goods and utility bills, and that the trend of COVID-19 cases may affect activity at the end of 2022, while more than half of respondents agree that special discount promotions from stores are the most encouraging factor in increasing spending. In addition, the government's New Year's gift measures have an impact on spending decisions, especially for those earning 30,000 baht per month or more who expect to spend more in early 2023. New Year 2023 increased from the previous year....People will spend more to celebrate for a limited period of time, driven by government measures. More than half of the respondents chose to socialize at restaurants, with 56% increasing from the previous year due to travel and outdoor activities. Especially on New Year's Eve and New Year's Eve. Although the number of COVID-19 cases is likely to rise towards the end of the year, the majority of the public remains confident in public health measures. Increase self-protection and choose a restaurant with a private space. There is a reservation system in advance, etc. While the sample chose to cook at home. The second proportion is more than 43% because it is convenient and can choose to buy raw materials according to the budget, driven by the measures to shop well. Spending during 1 January to 15 February 2023 covering the New Year may have the effect of stimulating shopping, especially for those who earn 30,000 baht per month or more. The company plans to increase the average purchase budget by at least 20% from shopping expenses during normal periods without the measures, but partly because consumers postpone their purchases to match the measures in order to use tax deductions along with promotional promotions or discounts during the festive season. Clothing, apparel, and dietary supplements The number of health products that the sample plans to purchase is increasing in line with healthcare trends. The survey found that spending on leisure activities such as concerts, festivals and travel expenses abroad also increased as public health measures were relaxed in the country. KResearch estimates that bangkok's total spending during The New Year 2023 will be approximately 30,900 million baht. Growth of 10.5% compared to the same period last year With the resumption of activity and more travel from last year's New Year when there was an Omicron outbreak. This is partly driven by good-night shopping measures that may boost spending among those with moderate to high purchasing power who want to use tax deductions. However, most people will allocate a specific budget for the celebrations during the 4-day new year holiday and return to tightening spending plans after the festive season due to concerns about high costs and product prices affecting consumers' purchasing power. Bangkok's New Year 2023 spending is at a similar level to the New Year. However, this year's expansion was partly due to the low base of the New Year 2022, coupled with the effect of rising prices of goods and services due to inflation. As Bangkokians return to normal activities as COVID-19 eases, KResearch sees that spending habits of Bangkok people may grow well for a limited period of time. Under the circumstances, purchasing power has not fully recovered, and businesses still face higher costs amid intensifying competition. Therefore, in addition to the promotion during the festive season. Entrepreneurs also have challenges in managing costs and meeting consumer needs in terms of product quality and customer experience to help drive sales. Especially spending from customers who still have sufficient purchasing power. Whether it is a trend, health products are the most popular to buy. More than 50% of respondents are interested in buying all health products. Cosmetic Products SPONSORED FITNESS EQUIPMENT TENDS TO GROW AS THE NUMBER OF ELDERLY PEOPLE INCREASES ACCORDING TO THE POPULATION STRUCTURE AND HEALTH-CONSCIOUS WORKING-AGE GROUPS. In addition, the trend of environmentally friendly products is the secondary factor that consumers will choose to buy, at 34%, especially the younger generation, who are willing to pay more for this group of products. Reduce the use of chemicals that damage ecosystems, including products that can be reused or reused. The majority of respondents also go shopping in-store. Both department stores and hypermarkets were the most at 29%, but those who chose to shop online, E-marketplace and social commerce at 24% were similar to in-store purchases. This is partly due to the convenience and familiarity of ordering regularly. In addition, there is a marketing campaign at the end of the year in succession. Therefore, a wide range of marketing communications, both offline and online (omni-channel), are important in creating a continuous shopping and service experience. To help drive sales Create brand awareness and store customer information for further product and service development, including the preparation of tax invoice issuance system to facilitate customers according to the good shopping measures.
MRT-BTS Countdown Night Green Line Gold Open throughout the year until 2 a.m. |To celebrate countdown night, MRT and BTS announce the opening of the service. Skip the year until 2 a.m. to facilitate people attending New Year's Eve at various locations on Dec. 23, 2022. During the year-long celebrations, MRT and BTS announced that the service will be open until 2 a.m. on Jan. 1, 2023, with the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRT) and Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited (BEM), the operator of expressways and MRT blue and purple lines. Welcome the New Year 2023 by extending the service hours of both Chalerm Ratchamongkol Line (Blue Line) and Chalong Ratchatham Line (Purple Line). It is open for cross-year service on December 31, 2022 from 06.00-02.00 on January 1, 2023. BTS Skytrain extends the service hours of BTS Skytrain at all stations, including Sukhumvit Line and Silom Line, as well as the Golden Line, on Saturday night, December 31, 2022 to 02.00 a.m. on Sunday, January 1, 2023. Socialize or watch the lights shine on a happy night. Along the BTS TrainSPONSOREDBTSSkyTrain%2Fpfbid0tshZo47TMCosL6wPVFRiJETZut21ustREaVDJ4aET7mMyr6HCBByRcEjhqfE8Radl&show_text=false&width=500" frameframe="0" allowfullscreen="true"> from Facebook MRT Bangkok Metro, BTS Skytrain
MUJI uses the same strategy as Japan. Make a zone for good quality products priced under 300 baht.|MUJI uses the same strategy as Japan. Mr. Akihiro Kamokari, Managing Director of Muji Retail (Thailand) Co., Ltd., said, "We have opened 29 MUJI branches at Robinson Lifestyle Ratchaphruek, marking the opening of the first model roadside or roadside shop to open with a large shopping center on the street and is considered a flagship store and lifestyle destination for consumers. AFTER OPENING A NEW CONCEPT STORE, INCLUDING PRODUCTS SOLD FOR LESS THAN 500 YEN FOR THE FIRST TIME IN JAPAN, AT MITAKA STATION IN TOKYO, SPONSORED, MUJI'S NEW BUSINESS MODEL WILL HELP MUJI REACH THAI CUSTOMERS WHO WANT TO BUY MUJI PRODUCTS FOR EVERYDAY USE. With more and more accessible prices. By collecting quality products with good prices below 100 baht, 200 baht and 300 baht in various categories. He said the opening of such branches will increase the opportunity to reach customers more conveniently and increase its role as a hub for the community in the area. Another important goal of MUJI is to get involved in connecting people in each area by being a central community to support the lifestyle of people in different neighborhoods. Hangout meeting Therefore, in order for consumers to have more access to products and experience muji's lifestyle, we have implemented a marketing strategy in terms of price, price, and price. By adjusting the price of products to be easily accessible to Thai consumers. The company has also continued its strategy to expand its distribution channels both online and offline, as well as to increase the variety of products to meet various consumer behaviors, along with the strategy to upgrade the store that is a lifestyle store in everyday life. In 2022, muji has opened 4 new branches, muji currently has 29 branches in Thailand, and in 2023, aims to open 5-6 more branches.
Gold price today, 23 Dec 2022, opened the market, discounted 150 gold jewelry, sold out baht 30,150.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Tuesday morning, December 23, 2022, the price decreased by 150 baht for the price of "gold bullion", sold out at 29,650 baht per baht. On December 23, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.28 a.m., the price of gold decreased by 150 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,550 baht per baht, selling out 29,650 baht, and "gold jewelry" buying 29,016 baht. 24 baht sell out baht 30,150 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,775 baht sell out 14,825 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,508.12 baht sell out 15,075 baht gold price today 1 slung gold bullion buy 7,387.5 baht sell out 7,412.5 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,254.06 baht sell out 7,537.5 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,693.75 baht sell out 3,706.25 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,627.03 baht sell out 3,768.75 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, December 23, 2022, ended the morning trading down 1.70 points, the index was at 1,614 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market close, down 1.70 The index is at 1,614.97. Turnover 19,851.26 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced the 23rd day of the event. In December 2022, half a day in the morning, the index dropped 1.70. The index was at 1,614.97. The turnover was 19,851.26 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Company Pure Energy Public Company Limited 5. PTT Public Company Limited.
Believe...think...do...| Dr. Nakarin Amret, Siam Commercial Bank, on the agenda of the article published on Christmas Eve. Say hello and a great blessing from the sacred things that each of you revered, please inspire the bad things to pass. Santisuk was born everywhere, and the world is committed to sustainable development. Equating all desires, the author has a special experience. Under the sponsorship of SCB Academy, we would like to thank you for participating in the MIT Media Lab Southeast Asia Forum at True Digital Park, hosted by Bangkok Bank and Kasikorn Bank (KBTG) and mobilized alumni of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). It reflects the country's potential to be an incubator for innovators and to expand business in a comprehensive way, both in the academic sector. Finance, Manufacturing and Trade The MIT Media Lab inspired me to write a thesis on Research Joint Venture Formation that explored the process of creating and maintaining partnerships to bring research to business value. The BMW iX Flow Concept can change color through the touch of a finger, which will be on display at CES 2022. This leaves the innovation process into three words: believe, think, and do, starting with questioning and curiosity, believing that it is possible. He asked how long he could enjoy this topic. To which the author replied immediately that day and until today, the feeling has not changed, namely, there is still a wholehearted consensus that wants to know the secrets of building cooperation until innovation is practically useful when believed and then had to think. It's not just about thinking for yourself, it's about research, which is widely available and easily accessible in modern times, to reflect through the same mindset. Review from study Success and error and repeated contemplation, both theoretically and in search of empirical evidence. In retrospect, it was found that the knowledge gained by the authors from the theory in universities is an important factor in building cooperation while working in the public sector. We look forward to ensuring success in the private sector in the next phase of execution. As the royal saying goes, "All the nutrients are not accomplished by merely thinking." The author's thesis study found that even failed partnerships must be separated into key steps in encouraging innovation to be privatized and create value. It became a contribution to the innovators themselves and eventually the world.
The ribbon of the pier "Queen-Bang Po" has been cut! Elevated Development Plan|Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister said the ministry has formulated a plan to develop and upgrade the passenger port. From 62-68, 29 piers will be developed in Bangkok and vicinity, with 6 improvements in 64 years. Saphan Phut Pier Nonthaburi Pier In FY 66-68, 18 piers will be developed and opened, including Tha Tien Pier, Rama 7 Pier and Kiak Cai Pier, while 18 piers will be opened in FY 66-68. The port will be developed to have a beautiful appearance according to the principle (Universal Design) with a modern service system. Connect public transport, wheels, rails, boats, as well as promote electric passenger boats. Reduce pollution to improve the quality of life of people. It contributes to the promotion of water tourism and generates income for the country. When the planned completion of the port renovation, the number of passengers will increase to 53,000 per day in 70 years.
Guru sees the crypto market in 2023 as not bullish Beware of problems tucked under the rug.|Guru sees the crypto market in 2023 as not bullish, still need to be cautious and keep a close eye on it. Due to the pressure of the FED and the uncertainty after the collapse of FTX, Asst. Prof. Dr. Udomsak Rakwongwan The co-founder and consultant of Forward, a Thai-founded DeFi startup, said the crypto market outlook for the next 3-4 months is "very positive". After the US CPI inflation data for November +7.1% YoY, which was lower than expected, and the FED announced a policy rate hike of 0.5%, which is good for risky asset markets, stocks and crypto, which will see us stock markets including S&P, Dow, Nasdaq all positive and BTC 1.6% immediately after the announcement, to $17,915 and continue to rise around 5% in a day, while ETH is also running up nearly 7%. We should not be able to see a bullish price recovery. Due to both the pressure of the FED's remaining measures, as well as the uncertainty that may follow the collapse of FTX and Alameda Research, many investors are still worried about the dominoes that will follow, as well as not having confidence in the big players whether there are any hidden losses. In addition, Genesis has many transactions with institutions both inside and outside the crypto group, more than Greyscale, a Bitcoin Trust that owns 3% of BTC worldwide, which allows many institutional investors to hold BTC, which loses confidence and refuses to provide evidence of holding BTC, which causes the price of Greyscale's unit BTC to fall by 45% despite having always been higher than the market. The pressure is on DCG's accounts, so investing in the early part of the year must still be done with caution. Given the market pressures and the possibility of companies tucking their problems under the rug, we should have seen the lessons learned from the market that surprises always happen on the world's second-largest exchange. Token FTT prices have fallen almost 100% in a short time. This should underscore the risks and uncertainties in the market. Risk management, not over-investing or speculating, is probably the most necessary for the market in the next half of the year. Jarassuttikul The co-founder and CEO of Forward revealed that with the crisis of the cryptocurrency industry occurring in the past year, mainly from CEX (Centralised Exchange) or centralized business platforms such as FTX, decentralized financial systems or DeFi is likely to be another answer to the modern financial world in the crypto world that must focus on accounting accuracy and asset security of investors, as well as being able to offer new financial products that can be accessed by everyone around the world in the easiest way possible. Information and personal experiences of respondents It does not reflect the company's views and does not recommend investments in any way. 
SCG-Retail-Ruam Voi Hotel Set the table again, ask for a gift, "freeze the electricity bill".|Private lockdown since Big SCG The president of the Retail Association, the Hotel Association, and the Chamber of Deputies joined forces to request a New Year's gift to "freeze electricity bills" by 5.69 baht per unit, pushing parade goods up 5-12%, boosting inflation in 2023 by 0.5%. Led by representatives from the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) and representatives from the Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce Held a press conference on the impact of electricity bill hikes and industry proposals Trade & Services Finance After the Energy Regulatory Commission (EDC) announced the results of the automatic electricity charge calculation (FT) for the monthly period. The average electricity tariff for residential houses will be maintained at 4.72 baht per unit, but will be increased in terms of other types of electricity tariffs, especially in the business sector. Industry is 5.69 baht per unit Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul The Chairman of the MPC said that the private sector wants the government to review the electricity bills by fixing them because if the hike as announced by the KGB will affect 3 aspects: 1. The country's competitiveness in 2023 may decrease further from this year when Thailand was ranked 5th from last year to 33rd, 2. Worried about the inflation situation that will increase because electricity costs will increase the average cost of goods by 5-12%, and 3. Impact on the attraction of foreign direct investment (FDI), especially trade and investment competitors such as Vietnam, whose industrial electricity bill is only 2.88 baht per unit. The Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce of Thailand said that it is estimated that this hike will affect Thai inflation in 2023 by 0.5%, making thailand's headline inflation rate in 2023 expected to be 3.5%. The MP said the government had sent a letter to Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister then proposed to delay the FT hike. Recently, the top executives of the government have responded in a positive direction, so they hope to see good news soon. SCG's Chief Executive Officer said SCG is trying to keep prices as high as possible. This year, SCG Group has already raised the price of products in the group by an average of 20%, if the electricity bill next year increases again, it must consider an additional 20%. "Now that the economic problem has changed, we want the government to revise its assumptions under the economic challenges ahead," said Jinn Poksap, president of the Thai Retailers Association. Currently, the value of electricity expenditure amounts to 30,000 million baht per year. If the FT is to be increased, it will result in an increase in electricity bills by more than 20% or 8,000 million baht. Therefore, to help 2.4 million SMEs and 13 million total employment. Therefore, she wants to freeze the electricity bill to Mrs. Marisa Sukosol. The president of the Thai Hotel Association said covid-19 has occurred almost 3 years ago. The hotel and accommodation business has a debt-burdened cost waiting for the recovery of tourism. Electricity is the highest cost. This is usually no more than 5% of income, but now it is up to 6-8%, so I would like to ask the government for a gift to help freeze electricity bills throughout the year. 2023 Mr. Suwat Kamolpanus Honorary Advisor to Renewable Energy Group He said the original assumption used in the Power Capacity Development Plan (PDP2018) that the price of natural gas used to generate electricity would be low would not be an accurate assumption. Meanwhile, electricity prices from renewable energy are rising. The non-fuel type, such as wind and solar, will have a fixed price for 25 years, and the current cost will be seen from the current purchase of electricity of renewable energy, which will contract for electricity purchase at only 2.16 baht per unit for solar power plants and 3.1 baht per unit for wind power plants. That requires reduced imports.
SEC warns against being deceived Fraudsters claim to have fraudulent government agencies|The Reporter reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) The Company has issued a warning to regulated businesses and listed companies to be careful not to be fooled by scammers who impersonate government agencies and request information online. According to the Department of Business Development, businesses and the public should be cautious due to fraudsters making phone calls or sending text messages to business operators and the public. By impersonating the Department of Business Development in requesting a business audit or updating juristic person information or a covid-19 relief grant program. The Department of Business Development reiterates that it has no policy to send messages to anyone first, including no policy to request personal information or offer financial assistance to businesses, the SEC urges regulated business operators and listed companies to be careful not to be fooled by such scams and to be careful about providing any information without being sure that the recipient is a real official agency. There are many ways to verify the accuracy of the URL, such as checking the accuracy of the URL before accessing the website and asking the agency directly.
Gold price today last 24 Dec 2022 Open Saturday morning. Gold jewelry sold out 30,100 baht|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Saturday morning, December 24, 2022, the price does not increase, does not decrease, for the price of "gold bullion" sells out at 29,600 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,100 baht per baht. On December 24, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.28 a.m. remained stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,500 baht per baht. Baht 29,600 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,970.76 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,750 baht Sell out 14,800 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,485.38 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,375 baht Sell out 7,400 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,242.69 baht Sell out 7,525 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,687.5 Baht Sell Out 3,700 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,621.345 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 However, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
It is open to private investors. Warehouse-Aircraft Repair Center|Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport Asia's aviation industry is expected to grow at its highest level in the world, according to the report. Thailand can create opportunities for aircraft maintenance services by utilizing the potential of Thailand's regional airports. Therefore, the Department of Airports (DOI) has been assigned to conduct a feasibility study. To set up an aircraft maintenance service center or MRO to support the growing number of flights both domestically and internationally, as well as to increase the capacity to support the markets of neighboring countries to use Thai airports in the future. Thailand has studied and designed the basics. In the establishment of the country's aviation industrial estates. It was found that there is an airport affiliated with the IT HAS A HIGH SCORE SUITABLE FOR THE LOCATION OF 3 AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE CENTERS, NAMELY NAKHON RATCHASIMA AIRPORT, SURAT THANI AIRPORT AND PHITSANULOK AIRPORTSPONSORED MR. PARINYA SANGSUWAN. The Director-General of the Airports Department said that the TAT is now preparing to study the implementation of the MRO project and the warehouse service management project in the airport area supervised by the TAT in order to earn revenue for the TAT. The model will be a public-private partnership or PPP, which is expected to see the results of the study take shape by 2023. Emerging airports with potential and commercial borders are Mukdahan Airport, Bueng Kan Airport and Satun Airport, while Ranong Airport has the potential to support the development of a port linking the Gulf of Thailand and Andaman.
Hastening out of the recovery plan before 2025, "That's good" to bring "Thai Airways" back to flying the same lines.|"That's good, good, Thai Airways". The main goal after taking office is to move forward with the reorganization plan and resume flying on all routes that have been flown on the airline. After an average of 85% of all cabin factor routes, overseas real estate does not need to be sold in a hurry. Ready to monetize your available cash Confident to remove Thai Airways from the reconstruction plan ahead of schedule Mr. Chai Iamsiri Acting Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Thai Airways International announced that after thai airways ordered on November 25, 2022 to appoint itself as chief executive officer (CEO) or DD of THAI with effect from February 1, 2023, the main task to be carried out after taking office is to move forward with the thai airways reorganization plan. He will continue to build relationships with creditors because the debts that THAI has with creditors are still to be paid, and in the past, THAI has never defaulted on debts with creditors. At the same time, he will continue to build understanding with THAI employees, including more than 14,900 employees of THAI Smile, to continue working together to get THAI out of the rehabilitation plan. Originally, we had to borrow to increase liquidity, but today we don't need it anymore because Thai Airways has resumed operations," he said. Thai Airways has now registered a capital increase of 31 billion shares or 336 billion baht. Existing shareholders will be positive by increasing the capital from existing creditors, which will include the Ministry of Finance with 12.8 billion shares and financial institutions with approximately 25 billion baht. The new loan acknowledges that thai airways does not currently need to borrow in cash, but rather for commercial purposes, which if needed, will be 12,500 million baht. At present, Thai Airways has resumed operations on many routes. As a result, there is liquidity in hand of more than 30 billion baht. Therefore, the next plan, in addition to driving the repayment of debts according to the recovery plan. Thai Airways will accelerate its revenue generation. The return to flying in 2023 will focus on returning to flying on the routes it used to fly. In major cities such as Oslow, Milan, European countries and China, etc. Recently, it has been found that the cabin factor on all routes is 85% high and is expected to reach 99%. Existing properties admit that THAI does not need to rush to sell, such as overseas properties, because real estate prices are now starting to rise. If any area can be rented out, it is focused on renting, such as the Hong Kong office, Mr. Chai said, adding that THAI also plans to push potential sub-business units to form a new joint venture with partners. To generate additional income, such as aviation kitchens, cargo. Aircraft maintenance and ground service At present, THAI is still studying its plans and acquiring interested partners. This is expected to happen after this because it is considered a time when THAI must look for opportunities to expand its business to make the most of it.
Gold price today, 26 December 2022, opened Monday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" On Monday morning, December 26, the price increased by 50 baht for "gold bullion" selling out at 29,650 baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,150 baht per baht. On December 26, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.30 a.m. rose by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,550 baht per baht. Sold out thb 29,650 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,016.24 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,150 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,775 baht Sell out 14,825 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,508.12 baht Sell out 15,075 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,387.5 Baht Sell Out 7,412.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,254.06 Baht Sell Out 7,537.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,693.75 Baht Sell Out 3,706.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,627.03 Baht Sell Out 3,768.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Santa Rally pushes 7 stocks up better than the market Analysts expect Thai stocks to surpass 1,820 points in 2023. |Asia Plus Asset Management estimates that the movement of the Thai stock market in the last week of this year will be driven by buying from foreign investors, which is the SANTA RALLY phenomenon. As a result, the turnover in the last week of the year is usually lighter, and some Thai stock markets have an average daily turnover of less than 30 billion baht per day. This is partly due to the daily turnover in the Thai stock market. Normally, foreign investors' trading pressure is more than 50%, although the Thai stock market is trading sparsely during the Santa Rally (after Christmas to the end of the year). However, considering the presence of the past. In the past 7 years, the Thai stock market has risen 5 out of 7 years and has an average return of plus 0.5%. Food rose 1.6%, building materials rose 1.1%, construction increased 1.0%, food gained 0.9%, banks added 0.9%, and transport increased 0.8%. managing director Securities Trading Division Securities Companies Bualuang Public Company Limited THE FED'S RATE HIKE IS EXPECTED TO CLOSE TO ITS PEAK BY THE BEGINNING OF NEXT YEAR, AND THE FED IS EXPECTED TO RAISE INTEREST RATES ONCE MORE IN THE FIRST QUARTER, BRINGING THE RATE TO 4.75%, AND THE FEDERAL RESERVE MAY HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO LOWER INTEREST RATES AT THE END OF THE YEAR IF THE GROWTH RATE IS MORE RECESSIVE THAN THE FEDERAL RESERVE EXPECTED. Bualuang Asset Management The index target for 2023 is expected to be 1,820 points and the overall profit of listed companies at 109 baht per share. The baht is expected to continue to strengthen, while the overall Thai economy in 2023 is expected to grow by about 4% from 3.2% growth in 2022, supported by the consumption and tourism sectors that continue to improve. Although it sees a somewhat slowdown in the export sector, it is a return to normalcy of recovery. Thailand will also have a major election. As for the U.S. economic outlook, even GDP growth is expected to expand by 1% and there may be a risk of a recession.
Thai stocks today, December 26, 2022, ended the morning up 9.41 points, the index was at 1,626 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 9.41. The index is at 1,626.96. Turnover 17,936.05 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on December 26, 2022, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose 9.41 percent. The index was at 1,626.96. The turnover was 17,936.05 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. Banpu Public Company Limited.
Samsung dumped 7.6 thousand MB. Opened R&D center in Vietnam, preparing to become a "global strategic base"|On Dec. 23, Samsung Electronics launched a R&D center worth more than U.S. $220 million (approximately THB 7,645 million (exchange rate as of Dec. 26 at THB 34.75 per coin) in Hanoi, the first R&D center in Vietnam established by a global company. Samsung Electronics' chief executive officer Said the plant is the most concrete breakthrough in Vietnam's struggle to move beyond cheap manufacturing and gain technical knowledge from Samsung.  In addition, Samsung's R&D center will strengthen Vietnam's industrial competitiveness and improve relations between Korea and Vietnam.  The launch of Samsung's R&D center comes as its main competitor, Apple, is protecting its supply chain in Vietnam, with plans to produce MacBooks in Vietnam from next year onwards by selecting Taiwan's Foxconn as its supplier for labtop production in Vietnam, which will be able to start production as early as May. Don't say it's hard. Don't say yes, don't, he also urged Samsung to accelerate its plans to manufacture semiconductor chip parts in Vietnam. After last August, Samsung, the world's largest manufacturer of memory chips, announced that it had opened its doors. Samsung's new R&D center will focus on mobile software technologies such as data processing and wireless communications security, and Samsung plans to make Vietnam a global strategic base. By adding research that, in addition to being used as a production base. In addition to South Korea, Samsung has R&D centers in the United States, Canada, China, Japan, the United Kingdom, the Philippines, Indonesia, and more. 
A new trend is trending, pushing MASTER surgery hospital to grow until it enters the stock market.|Cosmetic surgery is increasingly popular. The trend nowadays, people tend to repeat plastic surgery to update it to be beautiful to the times all the time. This makes it an opportunity for the surgical hospital business to grow continuously. Master Style Public Company Limited or MASTER, a cosmetic surgery hospital Under the brand Masterpiece Hospital is in the midst of this growth, with MASTER recently raising capital on the mai stock exchange with an offering of no more than 65 million shares, representing 27.08% of the total issued and paid-up ordinary shares after the IPO. Expected to raise funds by early 2023MASTER, a cosmetic medical facility that provides a full range of surgical services. As of 30 September 2022, Masterpiece Hospital has 41 doctors, 533 personnel and a service area of 4,267 square meters. The nature of service and product sales can be divided into 4 parts: 1 Surgery, Hair transplants and hair treatment, 3 Skin care, 4 Product Sales and Aftercare. 128.55 MB 162.80 Million Baht and 222.22 Million Baht In the first 9 months of 2022, at 21.86%, master's main revenue will come from surgery or surgery, which can be divided into 8 categories. Eyes, eyebrows Raise the tail of the eye. Pull the forehead. Make breasts. Liposuction and shape correction, abdominal skin surgery In terms of surgery, MASTER is considered to be the leading level in Thailand.  Thai surgery market is not lost to KoreaSPONSORED Ms. Lapasrada Lertpanuroj Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Master Style Public Company Limited (MASTER) revealed that Thailand's surgery compared to the most popular countries in plastic surgery such as South Korea is the same standard. In the past Thais prefer to go for plastic surgery in South Korea, but in a new ministerial regulation that comes out. There is no prohibition against doing it, so make those who want to go for plastic surgery abroad in a dodgy manner. And when a client travels to Korea for plastic surgery at the invitation of an agency. We don't know if any clinic is as famous or famous as claimed, and what the hospital found is that people who have had surgery abroad also have a lot of problems and come back to solve a lot of work in Thailand, just no one dares to speak. The surgical market in Thailand is still growing well, especially in the surgery or surgery market, where the uniqueness of this group of services is that it has a very high profit margin compared to skin care services. Compared to other products that are fiercely competitive, such as Botox injections, customers can find out where the cheapest injections are. All clinics use the same medication. But in surgery, it's like a work of art where competition is less." Plastic surgery depends on customer satisfaction, such as rhinoplasty. Therefore, in the field of equipment or branding, it is not about considering the decisions made by the customer. At present, the proportion of customers who come to have nose surgery is still number 1, and eyebrow lift surgery is number 2. In the field of plastic surgery, there are more frequent repetitions in the customer group, which will be done 1st and then 2nd point, for example, customers start from eye surgery, they usually continue with nose surgery and mouth. Those who make breasts tend to make large sizes to know that they have made breasts nowadays. The trend of people who want to make breasts wants to be more natural. Therefore, there is a higher rate of recurrence of customers or in the field of rhinoplasty. The former client will do the western style, it must be a clear ridge. But now that more and more people are starting to do Korean-style nose surgery, there is a new series change, or liposuction. The re-sucking comeback definitely happened. Still not satisfied? Therefore, there is a lot of repetition in the field of waiting for plastic surgery queues that do not last very long. Currently, there are 41 doctors and 8 nose doctors. The company can queue for surgery within 1 month. In May 2023, the room will be expanded 1 times. This makes queuing for plastic surgery more quickly. The advantage of surgery group is that revenue is recognized immediately when a knife is applied or surgery, unlike skin injections or course sales, where revenue is recognized on a one-time basis when customers come to use the service. THERE ARE NO SPONSORED ACCOUNTING ISSUES FOR GROWTH AFTER FUNDRAISING. The stock market sees that growth continues to be at a high level. And it's organic growth based on a surgical hospital. After entering the stock market, we still believe that we will maintain growth comparable to the previous one.
New Year's Eve 13 bridges over the Chao Phraya River |"Department of Rural Highways" Invite the public See the illuminations of 13 bridges across the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok and vicinity to promote the tourism economy in the country on December 26, 2022. Director-General, Department of Rural Highways The Department of Rural Highways has invited the public to view the scenery and light up the bridge over the Chao Phraya River during the New Year festival from December 30, 2022 to January 1, 2023. Create Thailand" to develop the surrounding area to have shady and beautiful scenery to promote the domestic tourism economy during the 66th New Year festival. Provide lighting up the bridge over the Chao Phraya River. There are 13 locations in Bangkok and vicinity, including Rama 3 Bridge, Rama 4 Bridge, Rama 5 Bridge, Rama 7 Bridge, Mahajesadabdin Tranusorn Bridge, Phra Pinklao Bridge, Phra Buddha Yod Fa Bridge, Phra Pok Klao Bridge, King Taksin Maharat Bridge, Krung Thon Bridge, Bangkok Bridge, Bhumibol 1 Bridge and Bhumibol 2 Bridge. It also shows the beauty of the atmosphere around the Chao Phraya River. From December 30, 2022 to January 1, 2023, the TTC will turn on the bridge lights between 19.00 and 24.00. In addition, the company has also arranged patrol officers to facilitate people who come to see the scenery around the bridge over the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok and its vicinity under the supervision of the TTC. Too.
Thai stocks today, December 26, 2022, ended the afternoon up 9.25 points, the index was at 1,626 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 9.25. The index was at 1,626.80 points with a turnover of 29,439.53. The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on December 26, 2022, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 9.25 percent. The index was at 1,626.80. The index peaked at 1,629.26. The index is at a low of 1,619.69. The turnover was 29,439.53 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. Banpu Public Company Limited.
The team follows the future of "True-dtac"|Miss PIRONGRONG RAMSUT National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) Television The NBTC board is in the process of appointing a subcommittee to monitor enforcement of measures to reduce the impact on consumers and the telecommunications industry. After the merger process between True Corporation Public Company Limited and Total Access Communication Public Company Limited or dtac Moving forward as scheduled to be completed. In the first quarter of 2023, reporters reported that on October 20, the NBTC board meeting voted 3 to 2 to acknowledge the merger between True and Dtac by taking measures to prevent the impact on consumers and the industry. In this case, let's not include the fourth player, the National Telecommunications Company or NT, who has a market share of about 2%, because it cannot create complete competition." Ms. Pirongrong also mentioned that the acquisition of 3BB of Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited or AIS must be subject to the same conditions. However, the details may differ as it is not a merger but an acquisition, and the players have not been reduced to 2, and the NBTC is currently compiling the details of the 3BB acquisition to be proposed for consideration by the NBTC board. A conclusion is expected soon.
"BBC" points to the best of ASEAN Favourite with North-European travelers|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha revealed prime minister It is a pleasure to hear from BBC News research that Thailand is a popular destination in ASEAN where tourists from North America and Europe plan to go on vacation. Thailand is the most popular destination in ASEAN. 57.4% of respondents worldwide intend to travel to ASEAN. Nearly four-fifths of Europeans plan to travel within the next six months and prioritize cultural tourism and sustainability. 91% of travelers look for culture and heritage. In 2023, the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) aims to raise tourism standards to revitalize all aspects of the industry and promote Thailand as a year-round destination. More than 11.5 million foreign tourists will enter Thailand.
"Big Tou" ordered an urgent review of "Supattanapong". Can I wait for Dec. 28 to reduce my electricity bills?|"Big Tou" ordered the Ministry of Energy to find a way to reduce the declared electricity bill by 5.69 baht per unit "Supattanapong". The board must wait for the results of the board meeting. On Dec. 28, how much can be reduced, four premiums for expensive electricity bills will be announced. Ting "K.K." Accepting the truth in this regard, Mr. Supattanapong Panmichao, Minister of Energy Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister has ordered a review of the automatic variable electricity price (FT) to be cheaper than the previously announced collection of 190.44 satang (Satang). The electricity bill is 5.69 baht per unit, which may not be much lower and may not be liked by some groups, which has now submitted the figures to the Energy Regulatory Commission (KGB). "I want to understand that this is a real energy crisis because importing liquefied natural gas (LNG) prices that currently have a very high global market price of $29-30 per million BTU because if the price is $10 per million BTU, it will not be a problem. At present, Thailand has to import expensive fuel to generate electricity at a price of 5.69 baht per unit above. The transmission line fee is not charged at 6.50 baht per unit. Thailand must find measures to reduce LNG imports and turn to diesel to generate electricity by 400 million liters or 15% per month, and extend the use of coal to generate electricity at the rate of 5% of the total fuel or 20%. Currently, the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) is in debt of 100,000 million baht. How much better is the recovery of the business sector? Electricity consumption will also increase. THERE NEEDS TO BE MORE IMPORTS OF LNG, FOLLOWED BY THE LATEST SPONSORED. What is evident now is that households are saving more electricity. As a result, the ministry is considering how to help because it is a group that uses less electricity, which uses electricity at 17% of the total energy sector, the government does not want to push the burden on the industrial groups that have merit to the growth of the country and insists that the FT figure will definitely decrease, but may not like anyone. We realized that what could be adjusted was fine, and I would like the 3 private sector joint committees to look at this because it is an energy sector that uses LNG as a high fuel and uses it at the same average price. Don't take the average electricity price equal to more than 23 million households, the FT has been adjusted to 93.43 baht per unit, equivalent to 4.72 baht per unit of electricity from the beginning of 2022, which will not be burdened by the higher import of LNG."
Gold price today 27 Dec 2022 Open Tuesday morning Gold jewelry sold 30,100 baht|"Today's Gold Price" Open Tuesday morning 27th Dec 2022 50 baht discount price for "gold bullion" sold out 29,600 baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,100 baht per baht. On December 27, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.25 a.m. gold price decreased by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,500 baht per baht. Baht 29,600 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 28,970.76 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,750 baht Sell out 14,800 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,485.38 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,375 baht Sell out 7,400 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,242.69 baht Sell out 7,525 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,687.5 Baht Sell Out 3,700 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,621.345 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 However, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Check qualifications, see remuneration Thai Airways 300 air hostess applications are open.|"Thai Airways" 300 flight attendants to support the growing aviation business with preliminary qualifications and remuneration on December 27, 2022, thai airways reported. This is due to a significant increase in the volume of travel demand during the 4th quarter of 2022, which is likely to continue to grow in 2023, together with plans to increase the route and frequency of flights from Q1 2023 onwards. More than 300 flight attendants will be accepted between January 1-10, 2023, and interested candidates can access the details of the applicant's qualifications and application process via https://career.thaiairways.com/cabin-crew-recruitment-2023/ for the initial eligibility of SPONSORED (third language score (if any) and the result must not exceed 2 years from the date of application, e.g. JLPT: N3 – N1 / HSK: ≥ 4 / TOPIK: ≥ 3 / GOTHE: ≥ B1 / DELF ≥ B1 and/or DALF ≥ C1). All flight attendants must complete a basic course for a total of 42 days, and throughout the period of their work with THAI, they will be trained in appropriately designed and modern courses. In order for employees to enhance their work and life skills, knowledge and skills training programs, employees are paid from the first day of signing the contract. During training, employees receive a basic salary, and upon entering the workforce, they receive compensation, which consists of salaries and allowances for flight operations. In addition, there are other benefits and benefits as specified by the Company, interested persons can apply through the https://career.thaiairways.com/ website from January 1-10, 2023 with a VDO link, introduction clip, with the following presentation requirements:
Thai stocks today, December 27, 2022, ended the morning up 13.09 points, the index was at 1,639 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 13.09. The index is at 1,639.89. Turnover 26,481.92 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today is the 27th. In December 2022, the index rose 13.09, or 0.80%, to 1,639.89. The turnover was 26,481.92 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Minor International Public Company Limited.
SEC. 1. Open Hereing Improved governance guidelines for digital asset depository providers|Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Open for comments on the addition of exceptions for digital asset issuers and providing storage services for digital assets issued to customers does not constitute a digital asset wallet service that accepts digital asset deposits. Da custodial wallet providers, as well as issuers offering digital tokens for investment. The Ministry of Finance has designated DA custodial wallet provider business as a licensed digital asset business with effect from July 13, 2022. SEC No. 15/2022 on November 10, 2022 approved the review of the said principle, adding exceptions to the provision of digital asset depository services by issuers of digital assets and the preservation of digital assets issued to customers. Da custodial wallet provider is not considered to be a service under the definition of DA custodial wallet provider in order to comply with the spirit of corporate governance of digital asset depository providers. There must be a system or mechanism that clearly separates the client's digital assets from those of the issuer. This includes prohibiting the exploitation of customers' digital assets deposited.
Czech 4 IPO stocks set to trade in 2023 SCGC-KCG|2023 is another golden year for bringing companies to raise capital on the stock exchange because the rules for bringing companies to raise capital in the future will be more stringent. Before 2024, the stock exchange will adjust the rules to require companies to raise capital to submit their full financial statements for 3 years, forcing many businesses to rush to raise capital before that austerity begins. This is based on a survey conducted by the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Thairath Money picked up 4 notes that could be traded this year, especially SCGC, which may be one of the largest fundraising in the Thai stock market. Flagging ready to trade this year, one of the most attractive stocks to enter next year's trade. SCG Chemical Call Public Company Limited or SCGC, a subsidiary of Thai Cement Public Company Limited or SCC, thailand's cement and building materials giant. Scgc originally planned to raise capital from 2022, but it had to be postponed, citing the volatility of the global market and expected to raise capital by 2023. Kasikorn Securities Public Company Limited Securities Companies BUALUANG PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED SPONSORED RED BOX SNACKS GO AHEAD AND FILE THE FILING When it comes to KCG or KCG Corporation Public Company Limited, it may not be known, but if you change it to Imperial Cookies. KCG is a manufacturer and distributor of consumer products, which focuses on Western foods, with 3 main product groups: dairy products, food and bakery ingredients, and other products, and biscuits. KCG has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to offer no more than 170 million shares or 30.4% of its paid-up capital after the IPO. Bualuang Public Company Limited with PAR at 1.00 BahtMASTER that at the first surgery hospital MASTER Master Style Public Company Limited. A comprehensive cosmetic surgery hospital under the name Masterpiece Hospital, the first surgical hospital in the Thai stock market, the attractiveness of MASTER is that its revenue and profit growth continues to be high, in line with the fashion trend of cosmetic surgery that is becoming more popular. With Pioneer Advisory Co., Ltd. as financial advisor, MASTER is expected to be listed within the month. This FebMEB Online Book Platform Company MEB Corporation Public Company Limited The online media business continues to enter the stock market. The attractiveness of MEB is that B2S Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of COL Public Company Limited, holds the 1st largest shareholding of 153.78 million shares, representing 51.26% after the IPO. Securities Companies Bualuang Public Company Limited and listed on mai stock exchange
Thai stocks today, December 27, 2022, ended the afternoon up 16.36 points, the index was at 1,643 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 16.36. The index is at 1,643.16. Turnover 53,259.98 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on December 27, 2022, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 16.36 percent. The index was at 1,643.16. The index peaked at 1,645.76. The index is at a low of 1,631.14. The turnover was 53,259.98 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Increase the poor card by 200 baht for 1 month, the Cabinet approved various tax deductions at the end of the tiger year.|The Cabinet approved various measures to reduce both green taxes - donations to educational institutions - exemption from specific business taxes. Senator increases credit limit for poor people by 200 baht/ person for 1 month in January 2023 Lending low interest to farmers Mr. Akom Addpittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet meeting was held yesterday (27 December 2022). Approved tax measures to support climate change solutions to help Thailand achieve a proposal to reduce greenhouse gases by 40% by 2030. 1. Measures to promote voluntary greenhouse gas emission reduction projects, exemption from corporate income tax on net profit generated from the sale of carbon credits in the country. The company must be registered with the Greenhouse Management Organization (Public Organization) effective from the effective date of the decree until December 31, 2027 or 3 consecutive accounting periods. 2. Tax measures to promote tax projects to support community forests to reduce global warming Tax benefits will be added for individuals who donate to the Forest Department to be tax-deductible and must donate via the electronic donation system from Jan. 1, 2023-31. The deduction is not more than 10% of the assessable income after deducting expenses and other deductions. The Cabinet also approved tax measures to support donors to educational institutions through the e-Donation system from January 1, 2022-31. In December 2024, the government shall be entitled to double deduction or income deduction in order for the private sector and the public to participate in supporting the country's educational management. This includes facilitating donors to reduce the burden of storing documents by donating to educational institutions that will be entitled to deduction or deduction of expenses twice, namely 1. 2. Private schools but excluding informal schools 3. Private higher education institutions 4. Educational institutions established in the country Thailand in accordance with a treaty or agreement between the Government of Thailand and the United Nations Specialty Bureau. nation 5. Higher education institutions with high potential from abroad It's not. The Cabinet also approved the exemption of business taxation only in the lending sector under the Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) Support Program. SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES PROMOTION OFFICE (SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISE PROMOTION OFFICE) THAT PROVIDES LOANS THROUGH THE SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES PROMOTION FUND TO HELP SMES WHO LACK LIQUIDITY AND ARE INDEBTED TO GENERATE INCOME (NPL). Deep light The Director-General of the Revenue Department said that the tax measures would cost the state 2,187 million baht in revenue, but the result was more than a loss of income because each measure helped promote and support the circulation of money in the economy and also contributed to society through donations and help SMEs on the same day. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office announces cabinet resolutions Approved special assistance measures for state welfare card holders in January 2023 by approving a central budget of 2,644 million baht. To help and alleviate the burden of living expenses for 13.2 million cardholders. 3.54 million cardholders who have previously received 200 baht/person/month will receive an additional 200 baht, for a total of 400 baht/person/month. 9.68 million cardholders who have received 300 baht/person/month will receive an additional 200 baht for a total of 500 baht/person/month."This special assistance measure is a New Year's gift 2023 from the government, which will increase the purchasing capacity of essential consumer goods, educational goods and agricultural raw materials from low-cost Thong Fah stores, local economic development and other stores as specified by the Ministry of Commerce." To support special low-interest loans through the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). Create incentives to adapt and develop innovative technologies in accordance with the new economic model towards sustainable development for farmers. Village and Urban Fund, People's Financial Institutions, Community Financial Institutions, and Smart Farmer Customers, etc., with an interest rate of 0.01% per annum for the first 3 years.
Export Month November 2022: 6% contraction to "Jurin" points to a total of 9 trillion|Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce Thailand's international trade statistics revealed that in November 2022, exports amounted to USD 22,308.0 million, down 6% compared to November 2022. November 2021 was negative for the second consecutive month since October 2022 at negative 4.4% with a value of USD 21,772.4 million. When in Thai Baht Valued at THB 846,191 million Imports worth USD 23,650.3 million rose 5.6% to expand after a negative 2.1% growth in October to THB 907,143 million. The 11-month export deficit (Jan-Nov) in 2022 was 265,349.1 million baht, an increase of 7.6% compared to the same period in 2021, when the baht was 9.167 trillion baht, an increase of 18.4%, imports of 280,438 million baht, an increase of 16.3%, representing 9.823 trillion baht, an increase of 28%, a trade deficit of 15,088.9 million baht or a deficit of 655,879 million baht. As for the 2023 export target, the final figures are not yet finalized. Have to wait and see the figures of the month. HOWEVER, THE RISK FACTORS FOR NEXT YEAR REMAIN THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN. Inflation remains high and may affect global purchasing power. Meanwhile, geopolitical conflicts continue to have an impact, particularly the protracted Russo-Ukrainian War and keep energy prices high. This will put pressure on international shipping costs, as well as the Sino-U.S., Sino-Taiwan conflict. Thai manufacturers and exporters must prepare for the future if China announces the reopening of the country from Jan. 8, 2023, and relaxes zero-COVID measures. Mr. Jurin said that it will have a positive effect on Thai exports because it will be more convenient and streamlined, especially for fruit exports that are expected to be exported more.
Set a budget for 2024 to increase billions to receive a new government.|Mr. Chalermpol Pensutra Director of the Budget Office It was revealed that the Cabinet meeting approved the 4-year medium-term fiscal plan (FY 2024-2027) as specified by the State Fiscal Policy Committee. The proposed budget limit for fiscal year 2024 under this plan is initially set at 3.35 trillion baht. This is an increase from the 2023 budget of 3.185 trillion baht or an increase of approximately 165 billion baht. The budget deficit in fiscal year 2024 is initially set at 593 billion baht. This was down from the previous fiscal year, which set a loan limit to offset the budget deficit of 695 billion baht, or 3.88% of gross domestic product (GDP), or about 100 billion baht. By reducing the budget deficit limit in the 2024 budget, it is the intention of the Ministry of Finance to reduce the deficit limit to less than 3% per GDP in order to lead to balanced budgeting in the future. The Finance Minister revealed that the Ministry of Finance aims to reduce the deficit to no more than 3% per gross domestic product (GDP) from fiscal year 2024. MEANWHILE, THE INFLATION RANGE FOR 2023 IS 1-3%.
BOT-SEC accelerates business organization of "green lending" to protect the environment|The Bank of Thailand (BOT) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) report that As a representative of the Financial Sector Sustainability Working Group, thailand taxonomy is being prepared under the Thailand Taxonomy Working Group, which consists of representatives from government agencies. To drive the country to have standardized activities to assess environmentally conscious businesses and as one of the reference options for access to financial services and tools that will support the transition of businesses to environmental sustainability. Phase 1 will begin with the grouping of economic activities in the energy and transportation sectors first, as they are the main economic sectors that emit a high proportion of greenhouse gases, both the BOT and the SEC invite stakeholders and interested parties to share their opinions and suggestions on the Draft Thailand Taxonomy Phase 1 and its impact if implemented from December 26, 2022 to January 26, 2023. For more information, please contact Sustainable Banking. Bank of Thailand via Email: taxonomy@bot.or.th and SEC Bond Department via Email: debt@sec.or.th and there will be a webinar. Thailand Taxonomy on 10 Jan 23 from 13.00-15.00 hrs.
3 bustling satellite auctions|The reporter reported that on December 27, 2022 Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) It is open to private individuals to apply for permission to use satellite orbits in a package. Three of them, Namely Space Tech Innovation Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Thaicom Group, National Telecommunications Public Company Limited, and Prom Technical Call Services Co., Ltd., are new and unknown faces for the next step. The NBTC will check the qualifications and will announce the list of candidates who have passed and are eligible to participate in the auction. If more than 1 eligible bidder does not appeal, the auction will be conducted on January 14, 2023, and the right to use the satellite orbit in a package will be auctioned on January 15, 2023, which has been postponed by 1 week due to the need to grant the right to appeal. In case there is only one qualified person, the NBTC office The application period will be extended for an additional 2 weeks, Air Vice Marshal Thanaphan Haraicharoen said. referee The NBTC commented that at least 3 bidders should pass and participate in the competition, but how many copies or sets will be needed to view the offer and announce it on the auction day in accordance with the specified criteria to prevent collusion in the bid. THIS ENSURES THAT THE AUCTION WILL BE TRANSPARENT AND FAIR, AS WELL AS THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN ACCESS TO SATELLITE ORBIT, WHICH IS A NATIONAL TREASURE.
15-minute opener, 7x click, China searches for no.1 flight ticket to Thailand|China greenlights start opening up After 15 minutes of announcement, the number of searches for air tickets jumped 7 times, targeting Thailand, Japan and South Korea as the next ranking. New target for foreign nationals entering Thailand to 25 million Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan Minister of Tourism and Sports The Ministry of Tourism is preparing to adjust its tourism target for 2023 from the previous forecast of about 20 million foreign tourists. Increase to 25 million After China announced the opening of the country earlier, it was on Jan. 8, 2023. Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) Governor Yuthasak Supasorn said the TAT is preparing to discuss the private sector. Airlines, Ministry of Health and Travel Offices in China To prepare for receiving tourists and reassess the situation in 2023. However, the Chinese government's announcement is to reopen the country by lifting all quarantine to 0+0 from Jan. 8, 2023, requiring RT-PCR tests 48 hours before boarding. Allow people to commute to work. Business, study, visit relatives, etc. can travel to China. Land and boat travel will continue to be permitted, as will Chinese tourists' departures from the country. Currently, passports are not allowed. BUT SOME COUNTIES CAN BE CONTINUED IN PRACTICE. This comes after the Chinese government announced new measures for the novel coronavirus infection. On the evening of Dec. 26, within 15 minutes of the news release, the news broke. Data from the Qu Na er platform showed a seven-fold increase in search traffic for international flights, and the most popular destinations were Thailand, followed by Japan and South Korea, according to online owner Tongcheng Travel platform. Major travel in China after announcing new measures The number of international flight searches on all platforms increased immediately by 850%, visa search volumes increased immediately by 10 times, and the main search users were from Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. The President of the Thai Tourism Association (ATTA) said it was a good vision. It is close to a full reopening or allowing more Chinese to travel abroad. We have discussed the situation with chinese tour operators. China said it was preparing for the reopening of the country, such as airlines. "During the Chinese New Year, there is a chance to see high-purchasing Chinese tourists start traveling on their own, which is likely to gradually enter Thailand both during the Chinese New Year and after Chinese New Year, but it is likely to be relatively small because of the restrictions on the number of flights from discussions with many Chinese partners. Atta estimates that Thailand and Japan are likely to be among the first countries allowed by Chinese authorities. Queues from Hong Kong will be gradually opened to some countries first, or allowed to go to all countries in the world. Have to wait for the official conclusion.
Consolation to reduce private electricity bills by 40 st.|A reporter from the Energy Regulatory Commission said on Dec. 28. committee (Board) The KGB will hold a monthly meeting to review the automatic variable tariff (FT). Jan-Apr 2023 Other categories include factories, industries, service facilities, and others in accordance with government policy. The average electricity bill was 5.69 baht per unit, divided into 20 baht per unit. Including the cost of diesel fuel used to generate electricity of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT), the remaining 20 baht per unit awaiting the figure of the payment of the accumulated debt of EGAT from the previous one to EGAT 33. Mr. Isares Rattanadilok, Vice President of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI), said that he was disappointed with what the Ministry of Energy had clarified, such as allowing some private sectors that use natural gas in industrial production to switch to fuel oil and diesel. Instead of temporarily or throwing the burden on PTT and EGAT all the time, seeing that the Ministry of Energy's approach is a solution to the problem at the end, therefore, the MINISTRY insists on solving the root causes according to the 5 proposals proposed by the GOVERNMENT, such as whether the cost of availability or AP of private power plants should be reduced. Not to mention this point at all. In spite of the government's tools, both legal and regulatory policies. Instead, he chose to order EGAT because it was under supervision and could no longer bear the burden.
Petrol price today 27 Dec 2022 Explore the price from the last 4 pumps, how many baht per liter?|"Oil Prices Today" 27 Dec 2022 Updated prices for all types of petrol, sohol, diesel and Czech from 4 gas stations The latest price is how many baht per litre on December 27, 2022. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.45 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.18 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht/liter. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.69 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.54 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 39.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline at 41.86 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 34.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF GASOHOL E20 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF PETROL E20 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 42.54 Baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.54 Baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.86 Baht/liter Diesel E85S EVO at 34.45 Baht/liter High Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Ga54 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.69 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 34.78 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.05 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.54 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell Fusev Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter T5.54 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.18 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.45 baht/litre Diesel at 34.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 34.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 41.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre.
Thai stocks today, December 28, 2022, ended the morning up 3.74 points, the index was at 1,646 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 3.74 points at 1,646.90 points with a turnover of 24,886.23 million baht. The index was at 1,646.90. The turnover was 24,886.23 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. WHA Corporation Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Gold price today last 28 Dec 2022 opened on Wednesday morning, jewelry sold out 30,250 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Wednesday morning, December 28, 2022, the price will increase by 100 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 29,750 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,250 baht per baht. On December 28, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the price of Thai gold today no. 1 at 09.29 a.m., the price of gold rose by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,650 baht, selling out 29,750 baht, "gold jewelry" buying 29,122.36 baht, selling out 30,250 baht, selling out 2 shillings, 50 satangs, 2 gold bars, buying 14,825 baht, selling out 14,875 baht, buying 14,875 baht, buying 14,556.18 baht, selling out 15,125 baht, buying 1 gold bullion today, buying 1 shilling, buying 7,412.5 baht, selling out 7,437.50 baht, buying 7,278.09 baht. Sell out 7,562.50 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,706.25 Baht Sell Out 3,718.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,639.04 Baht Sold out 3,781.25 Baht, however, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
CONVERSE is growing through new designs of shoes, RSP is adding new brands, driving sales growth of 15%. |CONVERSE is also one of the top shoes that has won the hearts of thai and global customers, winning the hearts of customers in the field of sneakers or sneakers that offer value for money and durability. RSP or Rich Sport Public Company Limited, the rights holder of CONVERSE shoes, and 5 overseas brands distributed in Thailand. At the same time, RSP also sees an expansion in the accumulation of brands by aiming to have one new brand per year and possibly expanding to lifestyle products with Ms. Papich Wongpaithoonpiya. Chief Executive Officer of Rich Sport Public Company Limited (RSP), a leader in the import and distribution of fashion and lifestyle products from abroad, which is one of the rights holders of converse imports and distributors in Thailand, sees that the direction of the design adjustment of CONVERSE shoes has had a positive impact on sales in recent times, which has positively affected the company to have a wider customer base and a decrease in the age of buyers. CONVERSE is also a strong brand of RSP Group, with the rights to market in Thailand and Cambodia. Currently, the company has brands distributed in Thailand, namely CONVERSE, Havaianas, BARREL, COLE HAAN, ECCO and GEOXc. Increased by 51.6% with net profit of 61.1 million baht Gross margin increased to 54% from 47.8% as a result of effective management of promotional activities. After the economic easing and travel from the COVID-19 pandemic, customers began to return to their shops. Tangible products and try products in real life and can create better promotional promotions.  RSP's promotion strategy focuses on on-ground marketing along with online marketing to create a model for customers to use the service in the shop more. It is expected to spend 5-6% of its marketing and public relations budget. In addition, presenters are used as the main strategy. Typography and Tono Pakin Khamvilaisak in the brand Currently, RSP has a total of 216 stores under management, and in 2023, it plans to open 6 more branches, namely CONVERSE 3, Havaianas 2 branches and BARREL 1 branch. This is driven by consumer demand that is expected to return to normal. However, for RSP's future business plans, The company continues to accumulate brands of its products. The company wants to add 1 brand per year under the supervision of the company. When a new brand is introduced, the sales data will be tracked to evaluate the brand that the company is marketing along with.
Thai stocks today, December 28, 2022, ended the afternoon up 4.12 points, the index was at 1,647 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 4.12 points at 1,647.28 points with a turnover of 47,109.10 million baht. The index was at 1,647.28. The index peaked at 1,649.42. The index is at a low of 1,641.54. The turnover was 47,109.10 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
SEC gives Zipmex more information After finding that the business may not be in accordance with the license.|Reporters reported that the SEC has issued an announcement on the progress of the operation. In the case of Zipmex Co., Ltd. (Zipmex), the SEC has informed Zipmex to provide additional information in case of business operations that may not comply with the digital asset license granted by the Company under the Digital Asset Business Act by January 12, 2023 for further consideration.
Gold price today last 29 Dec 2022 Open thursday 30,200 baht|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Thursday morning, December 29, 2022, the price does not increase, not discount, for the price of "gold bullion" sells out baht 29,700 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,200 baht per baht. On December 29, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.19 a.m. did not move, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,600 baht per baht, selling out 29,700 baht. "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,061.72 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,200 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,800 baht Sell out 14,850 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,530.86 baht Sell out 15,100 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,400 Baht Sell Out 7,425 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,265.43 Baht Sell Out 7,550 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,700 Baht Sell Out 3,712.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,632.715 Baht Sell Out 3,775 Baht However, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
SEC reveals how to get major IPO shares by volume Underwright must disclose the information in full. |SEC reveals how IPO is allocated Point out the distribution of shares to large investors in accordance with the distribution criteria allocated by volume. The Securities and Exchange Commission has published an IPO allocation article and presented the information of distributors. Meanwhile, people have the opportunity to invest in stocks before they are listed on the stock exchange. The allocation of shares for the purpose of raising capital is one of the important steps for public limited companies with the issuance and offering of IPO (issuer) in conjunction with the securities companies appointed to book and allocate shares, known as "underwriters" or underwriters, in determining the proportion of IPO offerings to various groups of investors, considering the appropriateness of both fundamental factors and risks of the offering company, so that the company raises funds to fully meet the objectives set and can continue to use the funds according to the company's plans as disclosed in the prospectus. NOT CONCENTRATED WITH ANY PARTICULAR PERSON, WHICH IS IN LINE WITH THE GUIDELINES FOR THE ALLOCATION OF FOREIGN IPO SHARESSPONSORED (2). Groups allocated by underwriters In the past, the allocation of underwriter's shares will be primarily allocated to underwriter's clients, such as securities trading clients, etc., with the allocation being in accordance with the factors or conditions set by the underwriter, such as the proportion of income from fees received from customers in securities trading, etc. In order to allocate shares, underwriters must act independently and without conflicts of interest subject to the rules set by the SEC, such as prohibiting the allocation of shares to issuer subsidiaries or directors. However, Underwriter may have to acquire the remaining shares into the Company's portfolio if it is unable to allocate the amount specified by the contract. IPO companies and underwriters are required to disclose information about the allocation of IPO shares. The name of the group of persons to be allocated and the proportion or number of IPO shares to be allocated are clearly stated in the prospectus. To keep investors informed and make investment decisions.
 SCB raises interest rate on all loans by 0.40% effective January 1  | Scb announced a 0.40% annual rate hike on MLR MOR and MRR loans effective January 1, 2023, indicating a return from financial institutions to FIDF to normal levels. Channotok Chief Executive Officer, Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited The Bank of Thailand has increased the remittance rate from financial institutions to the Financial Institutions Reconstruction and Development Fund (FIDF) back to normal at 0.46% per annum from 0.23% per annum for the period 2020-2022 in order for financial institutions to pass on reduced costs to help debtors during the COVID-19 pandemic. Financial institutions are encouraged to return to fidf remittances at the same rate from the beginning of 2023 onwards. Therefore, SCB needs to raise the interest rate on all types of loans, including MLR MOR and MRR, at the rate of 0.40% per annum, which is equivalent to the bank's reduction in lending rate since the beginning of the FIDF reduction measure in April 2020."The minimum retail rate has been reduced from 6.12% to 6.52% per annum, the minimum loan rate from 5.75% to 6.15% per annum, and the minimum overdraft rate from 6.345% to 6.745% per annum."
Thai stocks today, December 29, 2022, ended the morning up 4.43 points, the index was at 1,651 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 4.43 points at 1,651.71 points with a turnover of 20,862.84 million baht. The index was at 1,651.71. The turnover was 20,862.84 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 5. Gulf Energy Development Public Company Limited.
Thai stocks today, December 29, 2022, ended the afternoon session up 13.92 points, the index was at 1,661 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 13.92 points at 1,661.20 points with a turnover of 49,917.82 million baht. The index was at 1,661.20. The index peaked at 1,662.07. The index is at a low of 1,642.48. The turnover was 49,917.82 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL Public Company Limited.
SEC. 1. At the end of the year, the company imposed a fine of nearly 100 million baht.|The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has ordered the punishment of 3 businesses related to the crypto market and the stock market. $18 in Bitcub's digital asset exchange. The company also imposed civil penalties on four offenders for creating a $3 digital asset artificial volume in the digital asset exchange of Satang Corporation Co., Ltd. by demanding a total payment of 12,011,240 baht. Asia Wealth in case of incomplete separation of customer's assets Use the assets of customers for the benefit of the company, adjust Bitkub and its management, totaling 75 million baht. Found creating an artificial volume of $18, SEC. Disclosed civil penalty proceedings against three offenders: (1) Bitcub; Online Co., Ltd. (2) (3) Mr. Sakolkorn Sakwee (Mr. Sakolkorn) In the case of creating artificial volumes of digital assets The company demanded a total payment of 75,011,241 baht, setting a ban on trading digital assets or digital asset futures contracts, and imposing a ban on directors or executives in the case of Bitkub. Mr. Sakonkorn entered into a contract with Mr. Conservancy to take care of liquidity (Market Maker) in the Bitkub exchange and asked Mr. Conservator to borrow money to perform such duties. The 18 coins, including ABT, ADA, BSV, CVC, GNT, IOST, JFIN, KNC, LINK, LTC MANA, OMG, SNT, USDT, WAN, XLM, ZIL, and ZRX, are paired together on their own cryptocurrency trading accounts on the Bitkub exchange. It accounts for between 74-99% of the total trading volume of the market, with Bitcub and Mr. Sakolkorn acknowledging the pairing of trading among themselves in Mr. Anurag's trading account. However, there was no objection to the purchase of the cryptocurrency coins of the aforementioned conservative mr. SPONSORED, fined Satang Pro and its executives, totaling 12 million baht. Found creating an artificial volume of 3 SEC coins. Disclosure of civil penalties against 4 offenders: (1) Satang Corporation Co., Ltd. (Satang Company) (2) LLC Fair Expo (3) Mr. Pramin Insom (Mr. Pramin) and (4) Mr. Mikalai Zahorski (Mr. Mikalai) in case of creating artificial volume of digital assets Mr. Pramin entered into a contract with LLC Fair Expo by Mr. Mikalai for LLC Fair Expo to take care of liquidity (Market Maker) in Satang Pro exchange and provided trading limit for such functions. The three coins, USDT, XLM and XZC, are paired with each other on the Market Maker cryptocurrency trading account in the Satang Pro exchange. It accounts for 92-98% of the total trading volume of the market. The market maker's duties are to submit trading reports in the Market Maker account to the satang company every month, accusing Asia Wealth of being against the BPO. In addition, the SEC moves forward. Accusing Asia Wealth Securities Co., Ltd. of committing economic crimes In case of incomplete separation of the customer's assets by utilizing the client's assets for the company, which may cause damage or take advantage of the customer as announced by the Capital Market Supervisory Board, the audit found that between June 4, 2020 and November 25, 2021, the Company has not been able to obtain the customer's assets. Asia Wealth as a licensed securities brokerage company The client's assets have been completely separated. The client's assets were used to resolve the company's lack of liquidity in many cases, mainly due to the fact that the company had previously loaned the parent company money. Such actions are of a nature that may cause damage or take advantage of customers, in addition, it also indicates that the customer's asset maintenance system is not sufficiently tightened. As announced by the Capital Market Supervisory Board, such actions of the Company Asia Wealth is considered to be in violation of Section 98(3) of the Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535 (1992). Securities) which is punishable under Section 282 of the Securities Act and where the above acts are of a serious nature. The SEC therefore condemned the company. Asia Wealth to the BOK to consider further legal proceedings, including whistleblowing to the BOC. Consider the offence under the Criminal Code for embezzlement of property as it deems appropriate.
Mu gives a bang to increase the power to receive the year of the rabbit 5 masters as the prophecy of how to get rich in carabelle.|Next year, 2023 coincides with the zodiac year, "Year of the Tao" is symbolized as "Rabbit", but it will be a bright year. Because rabbits are animals that jump and jump, are agile or will be "bunny crest" because they have encountered various crises continuously throughout the past few years, especially COVID-19, they have to ride bicycles to keep watching, so as another aid in deciding to run a business next year, the "Economic Team, Thai Rath Newspaper" has sought advice from 5 astrologers to help point the way as "information". When you find something, you won't panic. Rabbit woke up !!! president of the International Astrological Society, 2023 was also the year of The King's Birthday. The city still has problems. Fairness and Equality There are influential groups, gray affairs, bias, obsessions. HOWEVER, THE TREND SHOULD IMPROVE FROM APRIL 19, 2023SPONSORED, BUT WHEN IT COMES TO SORTING THE AGE OF THE CITY, IT WILL BE 21 APRIL 23. Entering the 242nd year, Jupiter will be a time of time, that is, there will be other things to insert, which should be a problem of law. Jupiter-related affairs over the city are usually good, most of which are educational affairs. While Rahu will be in orbit in Aries until October 17, 2023, there will be a gray business. Try your luck, take risk, give people hope. In politics next year, Rahu and Thursday will orbit each other on May 21, 2023, comparing 2 powers to each other. In the old days, it was called the deity. But people will sort it out, and there will be a mix. The formation of the government will also be mixed. The political direction seems strange, there will be some polarization, and this year there will be a dissolution of parliament. Elections and political turmoil may occur. There was dissatisfaction among the people and the star Rahu over the sun. The 18-year-old may have experienced a series of twists and turns this year, causing many unexpected changes. The dangers of ignorant sex At the end of the day, there will be losses of important people, influential people, and there will be many deaths, epidemics, and illnesses will continue, so we must be careful and maintain our health, which the epidemic should improve by the end of 2023. Finance, finance, taxation, stocks, trade, banks will change, there will be problems with financial laws. The reform enters a new dimension. Trade competition is somewhat higher. Not only in Thailand, but all over the world, until an economic war and the millionaires of the country die on the good side. The national finances will also increase. Legislation will have a good effect, a bad side will have financial problems. Losses occur. The stock market is turbulent. Investment and financial difficulties In congressional finance legislation. When the legislation became so problematic that it caused financial volatility this year, Mars orbited backwards to Taurus. Mars involves the use of force, the army. This gives the military a financial role. Fiscal too, because it is necessary to spend money to drive, but it is also the focus of the people, which are both good and bad. In the bad part, there will be an increase in taxation because the army needs a high budget, causing dissatisfaction because of extravagant spending, until there is a reaction until theft, causing financial turbulence. Wealthy people or millionaires will pass away for rising stars in 2023. Buildings about education medicine Tourism, new innovations, cutting-edge technology Agricultural products will have better prices, but to make any investment, you need to study the details carefully, think carefully!! Therefore, land prices and real estate may not skyrocket as we expected or expected. Despite the recent increase in prices, the most prominent and prosperous business segment in the Year of the Rabbit. And it will be the main driving force for Thailand: 1. Tourism, 2. Agricultural processing products, 3. Agro-industry, 4. Food and beverages, the outstanding color next year is green, paired with any color. "Green, Blue, Red"SPONSOREDThis teachers also gathered the horoscopes of each "Zodiac" year 2023 to see which zodiac should invest in something that will be hectic, rich, or something to watch out for. The most prominent occupations suitable for the zodiac year are public health, health such as being a doctor or doing equipment related business. Sports or businesses that have moved to generate wealth, such as transportation-related businesses, etc. Next year's highlights will be related to documents, contracts, lawsuits, "Year of the Ox". People born in the year of the Ox will stand out for their progress, it can be considered as a standing year. Full-time jobs are more prominent than investments, but if you want to invest, you have to deal with the real estate business, which other zodiac people will not stand out. In addition to that, it can perform work related to agriculture. Agricultural Products Another thing related to various online businesses will be very good, including good luck, good opportunities to take risks. Next year will be the year when you will be assigned something new in your life. New car gets a bigger position. Therefore, a full-time job or business will be expanding very well. At the same time, there are also stars associated with intelligence, thinkers. Writers, creatives, programmers, designers, and if you trade cars, it's good. February, June, October and November during these months, the year people will have an idea. THE READING WILL BE PARTICULARLY ENTERTAINED "YEAR OF THE VINE". Next year's rabbit year is considered to be the year of the tai tribute god. The main star is the Sun Star, which is dominant for its energy. The subject of electricity Alternative Energy If you are a car salesman, you have to get an EV, and it also involves entertainment businesses, as well as businesses related to forestry agriculture. Whoever is hostile will return to the joint. Businesses that should be avoided are risky businesses, including gray businesses, gambling, or online gambling businesses. Next year is considered a slightly enemy star, be careful about emotions, but will stand out in 2 things: love, relationships, so family business. Wholesale Business Superstore businesses, utilities and consumer goods will stand out As the fate of the sky opens In terms of investment, will get big projects or unforeseen "Pima Seng" should do business related to the masses, such as seminars, conferences or businesses related to sales. marketing Businesses with networks, teamwork, life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance sales businesses will be good. As for the full-time event, you can see that this year the year will be very outstanding. There are adults to support to get a new job. Next year, there will be an important star, the Golden Horse Star, which is influenced by the emperor's card. The most notable jobs are government, military, police, or travel-related jobs. Import and export of goods, etc. In addition, people in the year of the wife fall into the movement to create wealth, so they must travel. Don't be passive." A business that is rich and rich must be related to beauty. Business related to accessories Luxury Brand Business Brand-name products, the car must be a luxury car. If you do this type of business, and luxury goods are very good. BUT IF THE TRADE WILL BE A LUXURY PRODUCT, SPONSORED "YEAR WOK". Problems that used to be frustrating enough Next year, the problems will be gone. The Year of the Rabbit is considered to be one of the years of opportunity. The Year of the Ox stands as one of the academic work, competitive exams, and the Year of the Mammia stands as one in the transportation business. Export year mamae stands as one of the luxury goods, beautiful things. Next year's fate will have a good opportunity to enter the "Year of the Rooster". Next year will be a bump year. Be especially careful: accidents, beware of conflicts with close people. The months to watch out for are March and September. Document conflicts The contract was wrong, and in June, beware of the damaged servants. Projects may change suddenly. Fortunately, there are adults who encourage, support, but be careful about health. This zodiac person can be considered as one of the most important aspects of love, relationships, etc. A good job or business is an event, advertising, sales, marketing. Create a public relations image Doing business related to couples, selling shoes and clothes in front of me. cosmetics Beauty clinics specializing in anti-aging are very good"Pigun" This zodiac man next year will be one of the most hesitant about money. But the thing to watch out for is that there are pet stars as a threat. Be aware of problems caused by pets and servants. A good business is to open a livestock farm, a carp farm, raise cattle, raise buffalo, raise dogs, raise turtles, etc. As for who is the speaker? writer Actors doing business online about food and beverages would be good. handwriting The science of numbers from the opening of gypsy cards In predicting the overall economic picture of Thailand, investment and new business operations are difficult because everyone is in a period of high vigilance and high struggle. There will also be some unexpected events that may result in a slowdown in the economy. There are obstacles that will take time to resolve. Therefore, any investment decision must be made with prudence. Inexperienced, there will be problems for investors playing stocks. Finance, gold, must be as careful as possible because it will get stuck on the mountain. What is expected to be profitable but not profitable Many people guess what's going to happen, so be very cautious. This will be evident after January 10, 2023, but there will be businesses related to 4 factors: food, housing, clothing, medicine, as well as tourist attractions, family-related businesses, beauty. Products that are needed in everyday life Continue to operate the business, including the business of personal beliefs. Mutelu Line Fortune teller about mysteries, sacred objects Because everyone will have to find a place to rely on the mind To create mental energy As a mental anchor to continue fighting for life in 2023 Want everyone to be positive Understand the problem For example, people used to get a lot but got less, they have to make up their minds that someday they will come back a lot more and have to adapt. The physical strength for myself to fight again because from April to December 2023. Everything will be better. People will be active again. After a lonely silence at the beginning of the year, as all businesses slowed down in the opening of the dominant zodiac prediction cards. Any business can be good and bang. The zodiac signs are Capricorn, Aquarius, Pisces, Gemini, while moderate zodiac signs are Aries, Taurus, Karnataki, Libra, Scorpio. Do nothing, do not think carefully, but think a lot, get distracted, have no knowledge, can be easily deceived, Virgo will be easily deceived, especially in the financial business, gold, never guarantee anyone. Don't be unconscious, because it will be the easiest to persuade. Don't mess with chain shares or businesses that involve acquiring members, networks, etc. This needs to be very careful, not just 3.  This zodiac sign only emphasizes that everyone must be careful, especially businesses related to investments, because this year it will happen in a variety of ways. Once caught, it will change the way it cheats, rename it. Come up with a new cheating pattern. Those who get caught up and cheated until they go bankrupt will come back to fight. Enter the whirlpool of cheating, so be careful. Be mindful. Don't be easily fooled !!! famous fortune teller who is currently the most popular zodiac sign in the year of the rabbit. Pisces, Capricorn and Gemini, while the zodiac sign to watch out for is "Aquarius, Leo"Next year, the business that is doing well is the business related to technology, buying and selling, or entertainment next year, the overall economy is not fully good. It may be better, but it's not a leap forward. The deadly star moves into the financial house Like a wallet with a hole Must be careful about investing in stocks that are hot prices Wow Focus on investing in stable things first Because the economy even if the new leader still cannot solve the fall, but the new leader should be better Which the deadly has already left The strange thing has already left Because it came the same year there was a coup Next year, politics may be in some chaos. But it's better than the past. Because Rahu will move out around October to the end of the year. When I moved out, everything started to get better. "Doctor Kai" also goes into the details of each zodiac sign in full. "Aries" is the dominant zodiac sign for the next year, especially after the Thai New Year or april 19, 2023, especially in terms of careers. Well done, it will be a job that involves technology. The job description may be buying and selling online or using technology to capture the work of "Taurus". There will be a chance of success in life because there is a deadly star in the horoscope, it is considered a star that changes lives, flips from ordinary people to a better status, or maybe a millionaire. Taurus will be suitable for a career that works lightly related to beauty, "Gemini" has the criteria to receive money in a row, the financial horoscope will stand out, do business or offer a job, will be satisfied, including the opportunity to earn large sums of money, but will be heavy on the fortune caused by perseverance. Persevere from work rather than A job that suits Geminis will be those related to their own abilities. The year of the end of the year since March 1, 2023 When Saturn moves, it will result in the life of a Sagittarius being like someone who gets hit by a rock and removes it. The awkwardness is gone. From now on, the time to do something will be achieved faster. The occupation that is deceived is the service (service) bought and sold, or the profession related to water"Leo" Saturn enters the horoscope, will make the time to think about what to do will be too late, or if there is a job contact, it may not be possible once. There must be a 2nd time, a 3rd time, you have to try to get up, and you can't rely on others. Next year, there should be a lot of merit, the work that is being done will be the work that involves a large group of people. Travel, e.g. logistics"Virgo" Life gets better only at the beginning of the year. Basically, horoscopes are talented, intelligent, will do anything, will have someone to help, like we have done half of it and adults will continue to help us, but there will only be a quota in the first quarter of the year. The ideal job is to trade with people from far away or work with foreigners or who want to travel far away "Libra". Life like the sky after the rain in 2023 has the best chance to go. There is an opportunity to progress. Good luck, especially when it comes to work, but it is mainly self-reliant. There is an opportunity to get more property, get big things such as a house, car, land, condo, Libra's career will involve knowledge, legal knowledge, health knowledge. There is an opportunity to change status if working full-time has the opportunity to migrate within the organization or to migrate out altogether. A career or work that is suitable for heavy industrial work. Related to engineering tools "Sagittarius" Life seems to have started over, it's a period of unlocking, especially since November 2016. Mar 66 onwards, life will be better. Obstacles will be solved. Do something better. Uninterrupted The occupation is educational, principled, academic, teacher, or tutoring school is considered good, or work related to the subject of religion"Capricorn". The first bounce is that the suffering is gone. Capricorns have been very tired lately, doing things like doing it alone. There is no one to support, but as we enter the new year, life gets better. The second bounce is financial. Next year is called the Year of Salvation. If you are diligent and go all out, you will have the opportunity to become a new millionaire to dominate "Aquarius". There are exhausting criteria, but they will succeed. Life will have obstacles to prevent it. Life faces a test, can't rely on anyone. Do nothing, do not expect results quickly. Next year is the year to do something to watch out for. Someone took advantage. The right job What I would like to suggest is that next year should be merited frequently, "Pisces" is the 1st best zodiac sign in all matters, the most bang in the first quarter of the year. If you want to do something in the first quarter of the year or before April, it would be great. There will be people to support, there will be good opportunities coming in. A good job is an educational job. Law or matters related to academics, consultants or investments related to tutoring schools. Although the deadly star has moved away, the star Rahu still exists. Therefore, living. Don't underestimate your business, you need to study the information before investing. Don't follow the flow, you won't survive. It takes a lot of mindfulness when the star rahu is still in place, it will affect the gray business, which will have chaos. Anyone involved should be careful! To do business, you should study all aspects of the information and learn the nature of the business. Changes in the direction of the situation must be closely monitored. Also, society remains in the gray phase. There are thieves. Stealing from economic problems And we will see more daily news about theft for businesses that will return to life, namely services related to tourism, in line with the economic recovery, and foreign tourists returning to Thailand. But this resumption of activity will be a gradual turnaround and the service model will never be the same again. But it must be really organic and find something to hold customers' hearts, customers will return to the service while the online business will not prosper like in the past, but will continue to grow gradually as the economy recovers. However, people will shop online less because they do not trust and are afraid of being scammed. People will use less cash, but they will spend more electronically. Don't want to carry cash This seems to be the opposite, but it may be that the stars of Rahu enter the city, there will be both good and bad, which spending must be careful. Everything is connected if you look at the businesses that will come back with a bang, namely tourism, import-export business. Hospitality, e-commerce, and stock market investment Health and beauty business By a business that is especially worth watching is the luxury goods business because Thai people who have money to spend comfortably will start to find happiness for themselves or release shopping. After 2 years, there has been frugal spending because it is during the COVID crisis and there is no travel. If anyone has the strength and money, they will look for a business that caters to the group of people who want to find happiness. But I repeat that before investing, you must study all the information, do not swing the flow to invest, because it may not be as successful as you hoped !!! the economic team.
Petrol price today 28 Dec 2022 Updated fuel price from 4 pumps.|"Oil Prices Today" 28 Dec 2022 Check the price of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel Updated from 4 pumps The latest price is how many baht per litre on December 28, 2022. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.45 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.18 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht/liter. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.69 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.54 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 39.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline at 41.86 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 34.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF GASOHOL E20 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF PETROL E20 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 42.54 Baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.54 Baht/liter High Diesel B20 at 34.86 Baht/liter Diesel E85S EVO at 34.45 Baht/liter High Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Ga54 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.69 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 34.78 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.05 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.54 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell Fusev Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter T5.54 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.18 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.45 baht/litre Diesel at 34.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 34.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 41.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre.
The Royal Thai Government announced tax deduction for the 2023 shopping measures starting January 1.|The Government Gazette announced the regulations of the Ministry of Finance to reduce tax on purchases under the measure "Shop Dee Me Back 2023" during 1 January - 15 February 2023. Ministerial Regulation No. 386 (B.E. 2565) issued in accordance with the Revenue Code on Revenue Exemption, signed by Mr. Akom Thompittayapaisit The Minister of Finance has given as of December 22, 2022, by virtue of Section 4 of the Revenue Code, as amended by the Revenue Code Amendment Act (No. 20) B.E. 2513 and Section 42 (17) of the Revenue Code, as amended by the Revenue Code Amendment Act (No. 10) B.E. 2496. Clause 1 provides that the income paid for the purchase of goods or services shall be paid to the VAT registrant and receive a tax invoice under Section 1. 86/4 of the Revenue Code or a seller of goods or service providers who are not VAT registered and have received a receipt under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code. 105 of the Revenue Code for the purchase of goods or services in the Kingdom from January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023, in the amount actually paid but not exceeding 30,000 baht, is assessable income that is exempt from being included in the calculation for income tax. Whether the tax invoice or receipt is prepared in paper form or by electronic means under Section 100. 3 Solas of the Revenue Code and in accordance with the rules. In the event that the person who has paid for the purchase of goods or services under Clause 1 exceeds 30,000 baht, the amount paid for the purchase of goods or services according to the amount actually paid in excess of 30,000 baht but not exceeding 10,000 baht shall be assessable income that is exempt from being included in the calculation for income tax purposes. It's not. Only if the income holder receives a tax invoice under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code or a receipt under Section 105 of the Revenue Code that has been prepared by electronic means under Section 3 Solas of the Revenue Code and shall comply with the rules. The exempted income shall not be included in the calculation for income tax under Clauses 1 and 2 in case of payment of goods or services to sellers of goods or service providers who are not VAT registrants. Must be the purchase fee or service fee as follows:(1) Book Purchase Fee(2) Book charges in the form of electronic data via the Internet(3) The purchase fee of one subdistrict, one product, which is a product that has already been registered with the Department of Community Development article 4, the purchase of goods or services in accordance with this Ministerial Regulation. This does not include the following purchases or service charges: (1) Purchase of liquor, beer and wine(2) Purchase of tobacco(3) Purchase of cars, motorcycles and boats(4) Newspaper and magazine purchase fee(5) Charges for newspapers and magazines in the form of electronic data via the Internet(6) Tour service fee paid to tour operators in accordance with the law on tour operators and guides(7) Hotel accommodation fees paid to hotel operators in accordance with the Hotel Law(8), utility bills, water supply, electricity, telephone service charges, and internet service charges(9) Service charges with a service agreement and the service recipient can use such service in addition to the period specified in Clause 1(10) of Article 5 Non-Life Insurance Premium The person who has income entitled to income tax exemption under this Ministerial Regulation must not be an ordinary partnership or a non-juristic person. At the end of the period, the reasons for the promulgation of this Ministerial Regulation were stated that the government had measures to maintain domestic consumption in early 2023 and send entrepreneurs into the VAT system, thus expanding the tax base as well as supporting the use of electronic taxation systems. It is appropriate to require that the amount of income paid for the purchase of goods or services to VAT registrants and the purchase of certain goods or services to sellers of goods or services that are not VAT registrants in the amount actually paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht is assessable income that is exempt from being included in the calculation for income tax. It is therefore necessary to issue this Ministerial Regulation.
Gold price today last 30 Dec 2022 Open Friday morning, jewelry sold out 30,200 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Friday morning 30th Dec 2022 Price increase 50 baht for "gold bullion" selling out 29,700 baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,200 baht per baht. On December 30, 2022, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.24 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,600 baht per baht, selling out 29,700 baht. "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,061.72 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,200 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,800 baht Sell out 14,850 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,530.86 baht Sell out 15,100 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,400 Baht Sell Out 7,425 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,265.43 Baht Sell Out 7,550 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,700 Baht Sell Out 3,712.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,632.715 Baht Sell Out 3,775 Baht However, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Digital lottery tickets for 17/1/23 increased to 17.129 million copies with prize transfers to all accounts.|The Lottery Office revealed that the "Digital Lottery" received good results for the period 17/1/23, preparing to increase to 17.129 million copies and transfer the prize money to all accounts within 2 hours. A director and spokesperson for the Government Lottery Commission said that since 2015, Solving the problem of overpriced tickets It is more concentrated and concrete. Various measures have been mobilized to solve chronic problems for a long time, with a three-phase roadmap, in the first phase, organizing and enforcing the law, and adjusting the system of allocation of small agent tickets to 5 copies each, equal to everyone, with only non-profit entities and charities and organizations for people with disabilities. The company has adjusted the proportion to increase the profit for dealers by increasing the discount from 7% to 5.60 baht per copy to 12% with a profit of 9.60 baht per copy to make small agents more profitable. The lottery prize has been changed by adjusting the last 3 numbers from the original 4 prizes to 3 last numbers, 2 prizes and 2 prizes with 3 front numbers. Increase the number of tickets per installment to meet the growing demand to reduce overpricing. With the cooperation of many agencies, including the police. The military and the administration to monitor the sale of tickets and to take legal measures to enforce them. In the event that the dealer and the buyer book in advance do not comply with the contract and conditions. Whether it's overpriced tickets. Statutory adjustments, including not selling retail tickets in person but reselling them to private platforms, will be terminated and pre-booked buyers terminated, with 23,689 contracts cancelled in 2022. Phase 2, which is the adjustment of the plan and direction of the distribution of tickets; The Office has developed a lottery distribution system by providing a buy-book program. In advance of the government lottery through Krungthai Bank along with the distribution system through the existing agent system. Lottery vendors can access the lottery tickets directly at the capital price without having to go through intermediaries thoroughly and equitably. Currently, 50% of the total volume of tickets printed in the pre-booked system is available for sale, in addition, the Office has been selling digital tickets through the Pao Tang app for a total of 13 installments. In addition to being able to receive the prize money through the transfer to the account of all banks within 2 hours, it is a convenient, easy and hassle-free increase in prize money, causing a continuous good response, so far, the lottery volume has been increased, with the volume of tickets in the period of 17 January 2023 being 17,129,000 tickets, representing 34,258 dealers. The office is committed to increasing the volume of digital tickets to be an important tool in solving the problem of overpriced tickets in a concrete way. Together with 80 lottery ticket outlets, which are distributed across the country, the number of tickets is estimated at nearly three million. As a result, there are currently at least 19.5 million tickets sold at a price not exceeding 80 baht. This represents nearly 20 percent of the 100 million copies issued by the printing office. This gives ticket buyers the option to buy tickets at 80 baht conveniently, quickly and extensively by using technology that everyone can access, namely paotang app and 80 baht ticket sales point. The Office is in the process of issuing a new lottery product. Now, the results of the stakeholders' hearing on the issuance of N3 and L6 tickets, especially N3, will be a new option for the public to buy tickets at a legal price in addition to those that can be purchased in the digital lottery system and ticket offices. The office can be added according to the needs of the people in another way and presented to the Ministry of Finance to present to the Cabinet for further approval. It's not. If the Cabinet approves, the Office can act immediately. Director of the Government Lottery Office It discusses checking the sale of tickets by dealers and buyers in advance, especially the resale of tickets to private platforms or not sold in person. The winning tickets are now being checked for the prize money. If it is found to be a lottery ticket of any dealer or booker, it will take decisive measures to comply with the rules and has instructed the relevant authorities to intensify the inspection of the sale of tickets. This includes the continuous disbursement of tickets at post offices nationwide, as well as the sale of tickets by associations and organizations in strict accordance with the conditions and regulations. Taking action against private platforms that sell government lottery tickets beyond a certain price. Whether or not the surcharge is included, the Office has not been silent, the Office has filed a grievance for the offence of overpriced tickets. At present, the court has ordered the suspension of the ubiquity (website closure) of 12 platforms, pending an appeal by the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society on 2 platforms and is under court inquiry. At the same time, the Office has continuously notified the prosecution of the case.
BCP shares jump on news Bangchak prepares to buy Esso Analysts point to helping to double the refining power.|Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited (BCP) share price movement this morning The increase was driven by the news that BCP is preparing to acquire Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited (ESSO) from existing shareholders. After negotiations for ESSO shares since the beginning of 2022, it is reported that the trading price of ESSO shares will be between 12-14 baht per share, and BCP will be brought to the board meeting to consider the matter on January 9, 2023. Asia Plus Securities assessed that the news of BCP's acquisition of ESSO was not the first time because previously there was a news that Thaioil Public Company Limited or TOP was interested in acquiring ESSO in 2011-2012, but the deal did not happen. From the present 1.3 thousand locations and the aromatics business has a production capacity of 5.0 lakh tons of paraxylene per year. Therefore, it is estimated that the key variable for BCP's ESSO acquisition deal is likely to be the price, which causes speculation in the price of ESSO shares, for example, during 2011, when there was news that TOP would acquire ESSO, the ESSO share price has risen to an average range of around 14 baht per share. BCP because there will be no added value for BCP in this acquisition because if you consider ESSO's profit forecast for 2022 because it is 1.29 baht per share, because 2022 is considered a good year for refineries because it is benefited from the Russia-Ukraine situation. In the second quarter of 2022, if assessed from the average price of 14 baht per share, it was found that the closing price level of the forward-looking earnings per share or PER would be 10 times. Therefore, it is viewed only as a potential speculative trend for the ESSO share price, while BCP, on the basis of research, recommends changing the investment with a base value at the end of 2023 of 35 baht per share.
SEC gives Zipmex homework after finding unclear zipup+ personal agreement |As of December 20, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) On December 29, 2022, Zipmex published a new personal agreement on Zipmex's website and published an FAQ on the pros and cons of accepting the Privacy Agreement. In addition, the company has also established communication channels with customers via live chat and other channels. All scope or claims of the Creditor Customer and the Determination of the Customer to agree to indemnify the Client in order to provide the Zipmex Customer or the Zipmex Group with sufficient information to make a decision. On December 30, 2022, the SEC issued a notice of the above observations and asked Zipmex to take action with additional information to all customers equally as soon as possible, as well as for Zipmex to report the results of such actions to the SEC by January 3, 2023 at 4:30 p.m.
A look at the volatile global economy in 2023|In the midst of the ongoing COVID-19 crisis Political conflict between the Western and Eastern worlds Russo-Ukrainian War The crisis of rapidly rising energy and commodity prices Fear of rising food shortages around the world, inflation crisis Skyrocketing cost of living The turbulence and rapid changes in the global economy that have occurred in the past year will bring us something next year reminds us of the title of a book written by Alan Greenspan, former Governor of the Federal Reserve (Fed), The Age of Turbulence: Adventures in a New World. But the era of chaos is not over, and what real chaos we are facing in this new world will be. TAKE A LOOK AT THE GLOBAL ECONOMY IN 2023 WITH 3 LEADING GURUS IN THE THAI ECONOMIC INDUSTRY. Pichayanan, secretary-general of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB), initially from the secretary-general, sees the direction of the global economy in 2023 as "likely to continue to slow from 2022 in line with the slowdown in the main economies", especially the US, eurozone, UK and Australia, in line with the central bank's tightening monetary policy. Meanwhile, The eurozone economy is likely to be affected by the ongoing energy crisis caused by sanctions and a reduction in energy imports from Russia. Meanwhile, emerging economies ASEAN countries are likely to slow down due to the slowdown in the economy and global trade volumes. Especially countries with a high proportion of foreign debt. China's economy is expected to expand at a slower pace following the easing of lockdown measures and travel restrictions amid risks and restrictions from problems in the real estate sector. The economy and global trade volumes are expected to expand by 2.6% and 2%, slowing from 3.1% and 4% in 2022, respectively. This does not cause volatility in the global financial markets to cause a crisis, especially in emerging and low-income countries with economic stability problems. 2. Geopolitical conflicts, especially between the U.S. and China, including the prolongation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. It does not extend to the use of military force in other areas or intensify to the wider economy. The polarization of global political power does not lead to severe trade barriers that result in a decline in global trade volumes.3.Energy and commodity markets improved and no reduction in energy imports. In particular, natural gas can lead to food shortages and lead to an increase in energy and commodity prices. The new variants did not lead to the enforcement of pandemic control measures and once again tighter international travel restrictions that affected the economy. The U.S. economy is expected to expand by 0.7% in 2023, slowing further from 1.7% in 2022 as a result of the Federal Reserve's acceleration of interest rate hikes. Meanwhile, the eurozone economy is expected to expand by 0.3%, slowing from 2.6% in 2022 as the protracted Russia-Ukraine conflict raises energy costs. The countries that import high energy are Germany, Austria, Hungary and the Czech Republic. Japan's economy is expected to expand by 2% compared to 1.4% in 2022, supported by the acceleration of domestic spending due to the covid-19 pandemic. THE CHINESE ECONOMY IS EXPECTED TO EXPAND BY 4.2%, UP FROM 3% IN 2022, DUE TO THE ECONOMIC RECOVERY FROM THE EASING OF PANDEMIC CONTROL MEASURES. Growth is likely to slow down due to a slowdown in exports and industrial production. South Korea is expected to expand by 2.1% in 2023, slowing from 2.9% in 2022, Singapore and Taiwan are expected to expand by 2.1% and 2.5%, slowing from 4.1% and 3.1% in 2022. In 2023, the economies of Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam are expected to expand by 4.5%, 4.2%, 4.5% and 5.2%, respectively. "In 2023, I think the global economy continues to face volatility and challenges due to geopolitical factors. We are entering an era of geopolitics or global politics that has a direct impact on the economy," said Dr Arm, adding that there are three factors to watch for old and new wounds. The old wound is that the Ukraine war is likely to be a truce and reduce the heat in the winter, but will be hot again after the winter in early '66 and will continue to be prolonged, and the second is the trade war between China and the United States, which has escalated into a technology war. The next year, there is a chance of a conflict between China, the U.S. and Taiwan. Among the 3 major economies, the U.S. will experience a recession quite definitely, while Europe, due to the protracted Ukraine war, will be difficult to recover, but China has a high chance of recovering in 2023 from Q2 onwards because of the reopening of cities to normal life post-COVID." In the past, the Zero Covid policy has been putting pressure on the Chinese economy. It also affects regional economies, such as the volume of exports to China as well as the number of Chinese tourists coming out. In January 2023, a large number of Chinese tourists will leave the country. After a three-year lockdown, there will be a clear positive impact. However, in the first quarter of 2023, which is the winter and travel period of Chinese New Year, the outbreak situation in China is likely to remain severe and will continue to put pressure on the Chinese economy. "State-owned enterprises dare to do it, private individuals dare to take risks, foreigners dare to invest", which reflects China's efforts to revitalize its economy and rebound after the opening of the city. The challenges remain the real estate sector, the economy, the trade war, and the technology war with the U.S. that will only intensify from now on. And it is China that continues to open up the country and promote external trade and investment. It's just a change from what used to be linked to Europe and the Western world. Turning to more developing countries, Dr. Kobsak Phusong, Executive Vice President of Bangkok Bank and Chairman of the Thai Capital Market Business Council, finished with "At this point, it is clear that the economy of 2023 will be another colorful year as well as the last three years in which we have to fight covid-19 and the perfect storm, making global financial markets more volatile than ever before. "First of all: it would be very difficult for the global economy in many areas to avoid a recession. This is based on preliminary estimates from global organizations such as the International Monetary Fund. Fitch Ratings expects global growth of only 2.7%, while Fitch Ratings expects a very low 1.4%. With the real estate crisis still to be resolved, thailand's export sector has already begun to be affected somewhat. The seasonally adjusted value of our exports fell by 10% from the middle of the second year: we will face volatility in the global financial markets, including stock prices, bonds, gold, commodities, cryptocurrencies, and currencies. The reason is because the central bank's war on inflation has not yet drained. The Fed still has to raise interest rates for a while and must remain high until the end of '66-early '67 to start lowering rates. While inflation in some areas, such as the European Union or the UK, remains above 10% and has not fallen much, "Markets and investors will still have to adjust to the decisions of these central banks for a while, and volatility occurs intermittently until at some point everything starts to fall into place, causing some asset prices to enter a new recovery period in 2023, and we should not miss it." Egypt, Pakistan, Turkey and Ghana are keeping a close eye on emerging economies, including Thailand. The more central banks have to raise interest rates. The deeper the recession in major economies, the greater the impact on emerging countries' exports. As a result, there is a decrease in foreign income. There is a problem of debt repayment with poor reserves, leading to another crisis. Add a degree of volatility and color to the year 66", all means that next year's economy will not be easy. Businesses must try to reduce unnecessary costs early, talk to commercial banks first to have sufficient liquidity to cope with the recession in many parts of the world that will start in mid-'66 and continue until at least early '67. Moreover, Thailand will benefit from the return of tourism at the right time, and when China opens early next year, there will be a lot of Chinese tourists visiting. A trip of vengeance from not being able to come out for a full 3 years will make the Thai economy flow somewhat, and there is another positive driver that will help ease the burden, namely foreign direct investment at the U.S.-Russia geopolitical problem. The U.S.-China U.S.-China is still active, causing investors around the world to look back and agree that ASEAN is the most attractive area in the world. The question of "How well will Thailand go, will it continue to grow next year?" depends on how we manage all 3 risks.  And manage the new driving force for both tourism and foreign investment. "If we do well, we will stand in the midst of a crisis, and this crisis will be our opportunity, if we do not do well, we will be affected, we will have to waste time getting up, causing a missed opportunity to open up, and which way to go depends on whether the business and the Thai government are well prepared or not in the next 5-6 months. Cheers to everyone.
Looking ahead to the year of the rabbit jumping?|Under the signs of "volatility" in the global economic outlook and financial markets that are intensifying and becoming more unpredictable in 2023, most economic analysis bureaus still predict that the "Thai economy will be able to weather the monsoon from the negative factors that are raging and continue to grow. With the support of returning foreign tourists. Improved domestic spending When the government reopens to "livelihoods" as usual. After COVID-19 But we cannot underestimate or be complacent because of the "crisis". Internally, it has not completely faded away, and with the "economic crisis and conflict of world politics" coming as a "threat", it is a double crisis, the crisis of 2023. Post-Dark Ages, where are the risks to look out for? Follow us from "Exclusive Interview" FINANCE MINISTER AND THE GOVERNOR OF THE BANK OF THAILAND (BOT) TO BE A "GUIDELINE" TO LIVE AND DO BUSINESS IN THE NEW YEAR...SPONSOREDDR. AKOM FILLPITTAYAPAISIT, FINANCE MINISTER, WE STARTED TO LOOK AT THE ECONOMIC DIRECTION IN 2023 WITH THE FINANCE MINISTER FIRST. This is mainly due to the conflict factor between Russia and Ukraine. As a result, energy prices have risen significantly and have a continuing effect, causing food prices to rise accordingly. "For the Thai economy, it is different from the global economy because we are recovering from the COVID crisis. Domestic consumption began to boom, and tourism, both from foreign tourists and domestic tourism of Thai people, returned to life. As a result, the Thai economy will recover gradually and there will be more money circulating in the economy. The Ministry of Finance expects gross domestic product (GDP) in 2023 to expand by 3.8% to 18.8 trillion baht. GDP grew by 3.2% to 17.63 trillion baht. It is considered that the value of the Thai economy has returned to growth and is already at a higher level than before the COVID-19 crisis. GDP grew by 2.2% and the economic value was 16.9 trillion baht"According to the economic growth figures, it can be seen that the value of the Thai economy is growing steadily, which is a gradual recovery, which the government will try to sustain to sustain, sustain and be stable," Dr. Akom continued. The first factor comes from the hospitality and tourism sector, which has continued to recover from 2022, with the expectation that there will be more than 21.5 million foreign tourists visiting Thailand. From 2022, which has now surpassed 10 million foreign tourists visiting Thailand, "When the tourism and service sectors recover, it will send a chain to various ongoing businesses to start reopening, causing money to circulate in the economy in many sectors. At the same time, businesses must be adjusted to meet the behavior of consumers who are becoming health-conscious and supporting the aging society. Meanwhile, the government will accelerate investment and drive money into the economy through infrastructure investment, especially in the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC). After the government has approved the investment project, "Exports in 2023 may slow down somewhat or expand as much as in 2022 because of the global economic recession. "SPONSOREDThe challenges in the near future and everyone must adapt, the first is the change from digital technology that plays a role in daily life, which all sectors must adapt to the business accordingly. While the 2nd issue is to do business to be environmentally friendly, which from now on will see investment in business operations, taking into account more and more environmentally friendly, while the 3rd story Thailand has already entered the elderly society and preparing to support the elderly society will have more costs. The government has to allocate enough budget. For example, from the original purchase of a 2-storey house, there is no need to have a bedroom downstairs, but from now on, to buy a house, it must take into account having a bedroom downstairs. I see that there is another issue that needs to be addressed: solving the fiscal deficit reasonably for sustainability. After a very long period of budget deficit. We have to gradually reduce the deficit by earning more money, which we have restructured in the past. Tax restructuring, gradually taxing more, including stock tax, cryptocurrency tax. Taxes, e-commerce, etc., which even the budget will soon be unbalanced. But the deficit should continue to decrease so that income is as close as possible to expenditure. Reduce unnecessary expenditure for the stability of the country's finances Dr. Sethaputhi Suttivatnruputti, Governor of the Bank of Thailand (BOT) from the point of view of the Ministry of Finance. Dr. Sethaputhi sees the Thai economy in the coming year that despite the many risk factors, the obvious issue is that the Thai economy will continue to recover and it is a distributed recovery that "the whole Thai people can really feel"SPONSORED" that sees the Thai economy continue to recover. Most Thais do not feel that they have recovered. I don't feel like more money in my pocket because we're recovering from exports. Take for example the recovery in businesses such as petrochemicals, which have high value but not much employment. Next year, the recovery will come from two main drivers: improved domestic consumption and tourism recovery, in which the service sector employs a large number of people. There is a lot of ongoing business, so there will be money flowing deeper and wider. Now people's feelings will be better." He also confirmed that the recovery in consumption will not be a fleeting recovery, but rather a real recovery in people's incomes. The first quarter of this year grew by 2% over the second quarter by 5% and the third quarter by 9%, which was due to the acceleration of various economic activities. Next year, it is expected to increase to 21.5 million tourists and only 8 million Chinese tourists. We have a conservative view that China will start coming in Q4 next year. MORE CHINESE TOURISTS THAN EXPECTED WILL BE GOOD FOR THAILAND'S ECONOMIC RECOVERY." Of course, the picture of the global economy next year will not be very good, but I believe that the Thai economy should be able to "grow the world" next year, because it proved this year that countries with bad economies still visit Thailand a lot. Domestic spending improved, but exports may slow down, and the BOT expects exports to expand by only 1% or even lower next year. Meanwhile, the economic outlook for the full year 2023 is expected to expand by 3.7% from 3.2% in 2022. Dr. Sethaputhi Expressing concern about the "country's investment picture" because Thailand has been lacking investment for a long time and is the only country in the region where our investment proportion has not increased at all after the Tom Yum Kung crisis. While all countries have increased their investments several times, "new investment" is very necessary if we are going to grow in the long run"Our foreign direct investment figures reflect that we attract less foreign capital, with the capital going to Vietnam, and the most handsome at the moment is Indonesia, which I see not only as giving us less benefits, but perhaps because our charm has decreased and we have to adapt. "We have to stop thinking about relying on the old charm that is a cheap wage country, people come to invest for export. At the same time, our home market may not be big enough, so we will have to rely on the ASEAN market that is now attractive. People are very interested because it is far from a global geopolitical issue. We have the advantage of being a link to ASEAN in terms of geography. Trade and investment, but must take care of excessive regulations. Build infrastructure The investment climate and ease of doing business, which the BOT can complement in the creation of an easy payment system between Thailand and ASEAN. Convenience and lower costs return to the financial sector. Dr. Sethaputhi sees that in terms of the global inflation structure. It tends to rise higher. Thailand's inflation in the first half of 2023 will remain high, but will decline and reach the inflation target in the second half of 2023. As a result, the policy rate direction is also raised to mitigate the impact of inflation. Instead, it is a gradual upward adjustment. In order not to stumble the recovering Thai economy. At the same time, it also takes care that the baht does not fluctuate too quickly and strongly, ultimately the "household debt" of Thailand at a very high level is another thing. During covid, Thailand's household debt to GDP rose to more than 90% and in the second quarter it fell to 88.2%, but the world's acceptable figure is no more than 80% of GDP. Jan next year The Bot will report on solutions to household debt problems, which will cover the resolution of old debts and take care of the proper release of new debts." The recovery of the Thai economy may not be very fast, partly because household debt is a big problem, but the solution must be done carefully. But Thai people still have access to capital, especially during economic recovery and sustainable economic expansion in the long run."
Expect tourism in 2023 to help revive the Thai economy|In the midst of a sluggish economy, the tourism sector appears to be the only sector that will stimulate the economy to be able to recover quickly in 2023, as well as distribute money to all sectors. And now it has already exceeded 10 million before the end of 2022. When the Chinese government announced that it was open to Chinese nationals to make passports. For Tourism & Business Moreover, the Thai tourism sector There is hope that Chinese tourists will flock to visit as before, while the provinces with the highest income from tourism and foreigners visiting the top 10, including major cities and secondary cities, must be defensive in order for the tourism sector to help revive the economy. SPONSORED Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) is the main agency that will stimulate tourism in order to actually revive the economy in 2023. TAT Governor Yuthasak Supasorn said tat will stimulate the travel demand of Thai and foreign tourists in Thailand 2023 or Visit Thailand Year 2023: Amazing New Chapters to create meaningful and valuable travel experiences for tourists by presenting Soft Power of Thailand 5F, namely Food Film Fashion Festival Fight. Promote the uniqueness of each region. "Thai tourism can be visited every day". PRESENTED THROUGH THE CAMPAIGN "365 DAYS OF WONDER IN THAILAND...TRAVEL EVERY DAY" TO INCREASE SPENDING VALUE AND INCREASE SPONSORED STAYS FOR INTERNATIONAL MARKETS. TAT will aim to promote Thailand as a year-round tourist destination and will expand into new markets such as the Middle East, as well as expand new areas to secondary cities, focusing on the mainstream market base, targeting tourists, quality, environmental care, stimulating revisit and quality groups, aiming to increase the frequency and stimulate spending among tourists with special interests, and marketing in 5 News (New segment/New area/New partner/ New infrastructure/New way). It has set a target for the tourism industry to return 80% with a total revenue of 2.38 trillion baht. From 1.5 trillion baht in the international market and 880 billion baht in the domestic market in 2023. The country's no. 1 tourism revenue was 127,927 million baht and foreigners visited no. 1. President of Tourism Association Phuket province said tourism in late 2022 was crowded with Russian tourists. An average of over 100,000 people a month Compared to Indians growing more than twice, Russians have grown twice. If China opens up, and one-third or 12 percent of Chinese tourists visit it, it will be more than 100 percent compared to Russia. But what cannot be forgotten is that Thai tourists account for 35%, which is already considered the main group. As for the Tourism Association, Phuket will enter the market that will not grow much, such as Australia, etc., so it is believed that Phuket tourism will definitely recover the economy.SPONSORED Chonburi province is the province with the 2nd largest tourism revenue in the country with 13,283 million baht and the 2nd largest number of foreigners visiting in the country. In 2022, in particular, Pattaya city is considered to be the city that never sleeps. It is well equipped in all aspects, ranked as a world-class tourist city. Attracting foreign tourists, Mr. Prameswar Ngampichet Pattaya City Mayor He said the administration's direction in 2023 remains focused on stimulating the economy. Solve problems In addition, it will promote Pattaya city to have more comprehensive tourism, such as family tourism, focusing on activities on the beach to make tourists happy every time they visit Pattaya, and elevate it to be a smart city. Build it into the most secure city. It is preparing to bid to host the SEA Games in the future. During the COVID-19 pandemic This causes a decrease in tourists. Tourism is expected to improve next year. However, we will do everything we can to make Pattaya flourish again. Another famous tourist town. It has a variety of tourist attractions and more than 100 islands with the 8th largest tourism revenue in the country of 1,408 million baht. There are foreigners visiting number 9, Miss Sasithorn Kittithornkul. President of Tourism Association Krabi province said that Krabi is another destination for tourists from all over the world. This is especially true for Malaysians, Singaporeans and Indians during the New Year. There are more groups of tourists from the Scandinavian region. Bookings in the area have increased by 90 per cent, and tourism is expected to double next year. Because there is a roadshow wiring. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Transport has improved Krabi International Airport to a higher standard and effectively handles direct flights from many countries. Next year, it is believed that tourism will actually help revive the economy. It has the largest area in the south and also has many tourist attractions and national parks, with large islands known as Koh Samui. Koh Phangan, Koh Tao and Ang Thong Islands It has the 3rd highest revenue from tourism and tourist visits in the country. 626,812 people per year, income 7,586 million baht. President of Koh Samui Tourism Promotion Association He said the plan to stimulate tourism focuses on community-based tourism, but there is a blind spot for travel. Koh Samui has a privately owned airport. There are only 30 flights a day. This causes tourism operators to lose opportunities, urging the government to urgently solve Songkhla, another major tourist city with the 4th largest foreign visitors in the country. Dr. Sittipong Sittipatprapa President of Hatyai-Songkhla Hotel Association He said the opening of the country to bring in tourists would stimulate the economy. Malaysians, in particular, are the main target audience. As a result, Songkhla province has the 5th highest tourism revenue in the country. This year, the government should support activities, stimulate tourism, promote marketing in Malaysia, and promote health tourism. Extend the stay of foreigners, including promoting the filming of foreign films in Thailand. Attract money into the country to distribute income to various areas of Chiang Mai province. There are main tourist towns in the northern area surrounded by mountains. It features scenery and weather. It has the 5th highest tourist income and foreign visits in the country. Mr. Pallop Sae-chiu Chairman, Tourism Industry Council, Chiang Mai He said that he hastened discussions with relevant agencies in order to revive tourism by highlighting food, flowers, traditions, handicrafts and sports, emphasizing on creating safety for tourists in order to create an impression and value for money, various forms of tourism, as well as publicizing tourists to know 25 districts so that they do not become concentrated. All sectors must work together to help revive the economy. It is located in the northernmost part of Thailand. There are many major tourist attractions. It has the 10th highest number of visitors in the country. Mrs. Nongyao Netprasit President, Northern Tourism Federation Chiang Rai province said the influx of Thai and foreign tourists has been steadily increasing. Because it is in winter, now hotels, rooms. Guest houses on the top of famous high mountains such as Doi Chang, Phu Chi Fah, Pha Tang are fully booked since the beginning of the month. Dec 2022 to Jan 23 This allows tour operators to earn more. Chiang Rai Municipality held "The 19th Chiang Rai Beautiful Flower Festival" and "Music in the Garden" until January 29, 2023. To attract tourists, ensure that tourism helps the economy full-fledged. Today, Nong Nooch Garden is one of the top 10 tourist attractions in the world and the fifth largest botanical garden in the world. That attracts more and more Thai and foreign tourists every day. Especially tourists around the world. Set a goal in life that once in a lifetime, you must visit Nong Nooch Garden. Therefore, it attracts more people to visit Pattaya-Sattahip. The chairman of Nong Nooch Park said tourism in 2023 is going to improve. Let's start with Indian tourists. Vietnam, Korea, Russia are now more and hopefully when China opens up, there will be more visitors. Tourism can already stimulate the economy, especially the grassroots, and nowadays more people dare to travel, the economy will be good as well in the past few years. Nong Nooch Garden has been built and developed until it is ready. It now aims to be a source of learning for the new generation of children and youth. Love nature, love animals, and know about history. Up to 1,000 dinosaur kingdoms have already been built, including an arboretum. Science & Learning Center Build 25 additional seminar rooms from small to large with a capacity of 1,000-10,000 people and create 300 additional rooms for people to relax. Rayong is another popular secondary tourist city. The tourist atmosphere is sluggish due to the impact of the COVID-19 virus. Mr. Watcharapol Teaching Materials Director, Rayong Police Department Tourist behavior has changed after COVID-19 and the economy is sluggish, he said. People don't like to travel long distances. Therefore, Rayong province was chosen as the top destination because of the diversity of natural resources, especially marine tourism, and the support of the government to organize various activities to promote tourism. As a result, the tourism trend has improved accordingly. During the New Year, 70% of bookings were made, so it is believed that tourism will definitely help revive the economy. There are a variety of attractions. It has the 8th highest tourism revenue in the country. Mr. Ashwant Kongkanand, director of the Prachuap Khiri Khan Police Department, said that the number of rooms during the New Year festival is almost full, which is a good sign of tourism. In addition, there are important events such as "Amazing Muay Thai Festival" on February 4-6, 2023 at Rajabhakti Park. Hua Hin Prachuap Khiri Khan Tourism Event "Wonders of Three Bays and Red Cross 2023" on February 10-19, 2023 in Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan District to stimulate tourism and economy. Let's visit the province itself as well. If we really work together, the Thai economy will return to prosperity in 2023.
IMF director chimes in Warning the world to cope with the recession High inflation - increase in interest rates|IMF director warns international community to prepare for economic problems It is estimated that about one-third of the world's countries will face a recession, largely due to the war in Ukraine. Inflation Rate Raising interest rates at central banks and lifting Beijing's COVID-19 prevention measures The country has the 2nd largest economy in the world. Impact on industry China's manufacturing contracted at the fastest pace in nearly three years, while Moody's said Europe had not survived the recession. The IMF warned of a recession. It was unveiled on Jan. 2. The director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) issued a statement warning the international community to prepare for economic problems. After estimating that around one-third of the world's countries will face recession, the IMF director said: The war in Ukraine, inflation, and rising interest rates by central banks in various countries in an attempt to control the cost of living are not higher. The economy is likely to slow down in 2023. China's manufacturing rate has contracted at its fastest pace in nearly 3 years in the next few months, and china will face difficulties, undermining the growth rate of the economy, and when the Chinese economy, the world's second-largest, is affected, it will affect regional and global economic growth in 2023. Inflation is high. The direction of investment tends to be downward. Gross domestic product (GDP), employment and overall demand for goods decreased. The number of unemployed is increasing. The business began to run out of working capital, said Mrs. Katrina. El, an economist at the economic analysis unit of the rating agency Moody's, said that apart from China, European economies would not escape a recession. Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is in a state of recession. When the U.S. economy is in trouble, supply or demand for goods and services decreases, which means demand for goods and services from China and other Asian countries like Thailand and Vietnam will decrease. This, coupled with already high borrowing rates, will cause businesses to avoid investing or expanding their businesses, or investors pulling money out of the economy. Bill Blaine, a strategist at Britain's Charde Capital Institute for Investment and Finance, sees the IMF's warning as a timely reminder. There is some strength. Jobs are created, employment continues, but that doesn't mean it's highly rewarding and will eventually lead to a recession. Meanwhile, central banks will not cut interest rates anytime soon. These factors will inevitably have consequences and put the market in a state of anxiety for at least the first 6 months of 2023.
KTC made a big investment in the new strategy. New High profit is expected to reach 10 billion in 2017.|KTC Big investment and adjusting corporate strategy, expecting new high profit to reach 10 billion in 70 years and assessing profit in 2022 exceeding 7 billion Mr. Ratian Srimongkol The Chief Executive Officer of Krungthai Card Public Company Limited (KTC) said that in 2023, KTC will restructure its organization, strategy, processes, technology, products and services to drive KTC towards a strong corporate foundation under the concept of A Transition to the New Foundation, especially the development of the mindset of people in the organization to have the same DNA. 2. Make it simple, not complicated, and 3. Do something meaningful and useful. From now on, KTC will aim to strengthen the trust organization culture within the organization in order to pass this trust to members, organizations, shareholders and society, while KTC will begin to transform the organization into a flat organization and have more new units. Enterprise Skill Assets encourages KTC people to develop key skills that create career advancement and benefit sponsored organizations, including Enterprise Data Assets. Access to data to data destruction Focus on safety, accuracy and transparency so that KTC has a quality database. KTC's business operations will be divided into 3 main business segments, namely credit card business and unsecured loan business with a loan portfolio of tens of billions of baht or more. The new business segments that are expected to generate revenue leaps or New SCurve are car loans, money changers, KTC. Krungthai Business Leasing and business model groups that are in the process of incubator such as MAAI - Loyalty Platform, etc."From the investment in 2023 to 2024, we expect to continue to make new high profits, with the target set by 2027, the profit must reach 10 billion baht. The profit in 2022 is expected to exceed 7,000 million baht. It is supported by 3 main businesses: credit card business, personal loan, and KTC loan. In addition, KTC will raise long-term loans of approximately 15 billion baht. It is expected that by the end of 2023, KTC will have a ratio of short-term loans to long-term loans or original term loans of 20:80, and the cost of financing may increase in line with the direction of higher interest rates from 2022 to 2.5%-3.0%. Chief Executive Officer KTC Credit Card Marketing said spending in all categories is currently growing higher than in 2019, the year before the COVID-19 pandemic. The credit card marketing strategy for 2023 will focus on the Less is MORE concept. By streamlining the work process in the marketing team. On the top 5 cores are 1. Managing customer portfolios to the highest quality By creating marketing programs for customers to spend continuously and implementing automation systems in the process of managing relationships with cardmembers2. Expanding the customer base in the monthly income group from 50,000-200,000 baht or more With lifestyle privileges that meet your needsSPONSORED3. Organize a spending stimulation program that meets the needs of KTC card member base. KTC focuses on 3 main spending categories: Dining & Hotel Dining, Online Shopping and Travel. 4. To conduct marketing activities that meet the needs of all categories of members' important expenditures and to create recognition and engagement with the brand. Collaborate with local partners to organize marketing campaigns and activities to expand the card membership base in upcountry5. "In 2023, KTC aims to have 180,000 new card subscribers and expects credit card spending to grow by 10% from 2022 or approximately 264,000 million baht." Resonate with customers Ms. Pichamon Jitpentham, Chief Executive Officer KTC Personal Loan Division says KTC cash card loan PROUD OR KTC PROUD IS ANOTHER PRODUCT THAT IS CONTINUOUSLY DEVELOPING TO MEET THE DEMAND FOR LOANS WITH ALL FUNCTIONS UNTIL TODAY A SINGLE CARD CAN BE USED FOR CREDIT LINE DRAWDOWN, SWIPE, TRANSFER, PRESS, INSTALLMENT, SPONSORED. Starting with the opening of a channel for customers to apply for loans online by themselves through the mobile app in the form of an online application or electronic application and online cash withdrawal channel via KTC Mobile app. In addition to being able to transfer money to 15 bank accounts and increase the channel to reach potential customers who want to use loans with low but effective recruitment costs. As well as continuing to build bonds between KTC and its members. By expanding career seminar activities to increase income at the same time. Based on customer studies through empathy, we have organized 14 consecutive events in 2023, and expect that by the end of 2023, the personal loan receivable portfolio will grow by 7% and there will be 110,000 new KTC members. Brother Bum ADJUST THE STRATEGY TO GO TO THE PROVINCES, APPROVE THE MONEY EASIERSPONSORED Ms. Ruankaew Kasemsawatsri, Chief Executive Officer KTC Auto Loan Division says KTC's strategy Brother Bum In 2023, the company will continue to expand its credit portfolio. With the strength of the product, including providing a large credit limit of up to 1 million baht. Get approved in 1 hour, get paid immediately, and give opportunities to new customers with paperwork and income constraints. More than 900 Krungthai Bank branches nationwide will be the main channel for recruitment. We have adjusted the service model for KBank staff to make transactions via tablet to apply for loans to customers and get one-stop approval within 1 hour with immediate payment, as well as focusing on communication to create awareness of KTC loan products. Brother Bum Money changers through offline and online channels to various major platforms to reach a wide target audience, especially customers located in upcountry areas. As we play the role of alternative loans for non-discouraged people, we are open to all occupational groups, especially those who make a living fighting for their lives and those who do not have access to large loans from other financial institutions. It is expected that by the end of 2023, there will be a total of KTC loan approvals. Brother Bum Money changer adds 9,100 million baht
The global economy in 2023 is likely to slow down, but Thai tourism continues to support Thai stocks.|Suradej Kiattanakorn managing director Asset Management Company or Asset Management Company KBank expressed its view that after China began to relax its COVID control policy more. This, due to the latest easing measures, could lead to the reopening of the country earlier than market analysts expected. Problems in the real estate sector will be limited and the government will have to solve them on a point-by-spot basis, but recovery will still take time. Supply chain issues are beginning to unravel. Regulatory austerity began to relax at the same time. Inflation remains relatively low. This allows China to continue its accommodative monetary policy. Against other countries, it is more tight, with stock price levels much lower than other markets. The decline has come a lot. THEREFORE, THOSE WHO DO NOT YET HAVE CHINESE STOCKS IN THEIR PORTFOLIO MAY USE THIS MOMENT TO GRADUALLY ACCUMULATE CHINESE STOCK FUNDS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO RECEIVE OUTSTANDING LONG-TERM RETURNS, INCLUDING ASIAN STOCKS THAT BENEFIT FROM CHINA'S OPENING UP"Ready for the US-Europe recession, we expect the US and European economies to enter a recession in 2023. Market volatility is also expected due to recession concerns, which have seen signs of a continued slowdown in economic numbers and forecasts for future earnings of listed companies. While the Fed continues to raise interest rates, it is important to monitor the development of inflation, which will leave the path of the rate hike highly uncertain as to how much it will end at the terminal rate, but the Fed is expected to remain at a higher level for longer than the market expects by the US stock market. Now reflecting expectations for signs of slowing inflation, it is advisable to wait for signs of a cessation of Fed rate hikes, as well as the prospect of a slowdown in the economy and the continued downward adjustment of corporate profit estimates. On the European side, there is still high uncertainty, with the likelihood of a recession ahead of other countries. Meanwhile, the company's profit estimates began to see a steady decline. We recommend waiting for the moment to return to investing in US and European equity funds. Through the volatility of Q1-2, when interest rates began to show signs of continuing to rise, and recession concerns were reflected in the revised profit forecast to a certain level. Currently, analysts in the Bloomberg consensus expect the US economy to contract during the quarter. 2/2023Keep an eye on two of Vietnam's biggest issues, the liquidity problem of private companies, which may require government assistance to solve the problem. At present, the government has gradually introduced various measures to help, such as issuing debt securities through the amendment of Supreme Court No. 65 or Decree 65, which will reduce concerns and solve liquidity problems in the system. In addition, It also allows the issuer to extend the redemption period by up to 2 years in the event that the debenture holders agree not less than 65% to give the debenture holders and issuers time to negotiate the restructuring of the debt, and finally, to allow the conversion of principal and interest into other asset classes to reduce the risk of default. It is still in the process of being considered in accordance with the current legislation. The revised Supreme Court aims to increase transparency in the bond market and to protect investors in many ways, and to give time for all parties involved to prepare before this law is enforced. At present, the amendment is under public hearing. It is expected to come into effect in early 2023. Banks with high liquidity and low interest rates will be able to increase the lending growth rate more to help manage liquidity problems for companies in the short term, especially liquidity in the bond market. The central bank also approved four institutions to borrow 3 trillion dong for a period of 91 days, indicating the central bank's efforts to stimulate liquidity in the long term in addition to the above-mentioned measures. LARGE AMOUNTS OF FOREIGN DIRECT INVESTMENT INTO VIETNAM WILL BE A STIMULUS TO PROMOTE THE CURRENCY AND LIQUIDITY OF THE DONG AND IMPROVE VIETNAM'S ECONOMIC PICTURE. We expect Vietnam to have an advantage in terms of competitiveness, especially in terms of costs, coupled with the trade war between China and America. As a result, Vietnam has benefited from the relocation of production bases and the recovery of domestic consumption. Although the market expects Vietnam's GDP in 2023 to grow lower than in 2022, due to the 2022 reopening of the country and the recovery of exports from a low base, it is expected to be above 6%, but still at a higher level than in many countries. The U.S. Treasury Department has removed Vietnam from its currency manipulation watchlist, according to a report to Congress. On November 10, 2022, it reduces the risk of being hit by the U.S. Take a significant reduction in trade countermeasures. Currently, the VN Index is trading at a significant discount, with the 2023 12-month P/E at 9.5 times (-2SD from a 5-year average P/E). Bloomberg consensus estimates The market currently forecasts earnings growth in 2023 at 12%, with a target of 1,200 points in the short term. We expect the market to remain highly volatile, and the factors mentioned above should continue to put pressure on returns from the Vietnamese stock market. We expect that the gradual introduction of government assistance measures will help defuse the situation in the real estate market and ease the concerns of retail investors, but in the medium to long term we still have a positive outlook. Foreign Investors' Direct Investment Exports and consumption in the country continue to grow. As a result, the profit growth rate of listed companies remains high and the valuation level is at an attractive level. WE THINK THAT A SERIOUS CRACKDOWN ON STOCK SPINNING AND CORRUPTION WILL MAKE THE VIETNAMESE STOCK MARKET MORE STABLE AND TRANSPARENT. Vietnam's market will be able to recover well from the ongoing economic recovery. Vietnam's GDP recovery is expected to remain higher than other countries supported by exports and domestic consumption. In the future, the Vietnamese stock market will also have the opportunity to be adjusted from a frontier market to an emerging market, which will attract more foreign investment. The Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) aims to attract 20 million foreign tourists to Thailand. In 2023, this will generate more than 2.38 trillion baht in revenue for the country. In 2022, there were more than 10 million foreign tourists, with an average increase of 70,000 visitors per day, and it is expected that by the end of 2022, at least 11 million will be closed. China's gradual opening up supports Thailand's GDP growth China's gradual reopening will help mitigate the impact of slowing exports and an increase in foreign tourist revenue, which accounted for more than 10% of GDP or 61% of total revenue before the COVID-19 pandemic. This will be a boost that will help the Thai economy recover well next year as the inflation situation has reached a critical point. Last year, the continued rise in inflation was an important factor affecting the Thai economy, but inflation should have already reached its peak, thus reducing the pressure on the MPC's interest rate hike and not having to rush to raise interest rates as fast and strong as other countries. We see the government's 2023 stimulus package as continuing. From the cabinet meeting or the Cabinet that implemented the economic stimulus program to give as a New Year's gift to the people continuously, such as the 2023 Good Night Shopping Measure from January 1 to February 15, 2023 with a credit limit of up to 40,000 baht, the 2023 land and building tax reduction measure at the rate of 15%, the reduction of residential patent fees, and measures to help borrowers. To encourage people and investors to have the potential to create good financial health, which will stimulate the Thai economy in 2023 to be more active than before. KBank expects the thai stock index to end 2023 at 1,800 points, mainly supported by the domestic recovery from the economic recovery from the opening of the country to foreign tourists and the gradual reopening of normal economic activities. Direction of inflation figures Central Bank Monetary Policy Direction, Geopolitical Risks China's complete reopening progress, including Thailand's elections for stocks associated with the theme of sustainable growth. There is a chance of a quick recovery because it combines beta stocks and long-term structural changes, whether it is green trends or megatrends, with stocks that are defensive or durable in all market conditions, such as the theme of healthcare investment, returning attractive from low valuations, being a necessary service and having a consistent income. The global central bank's interest rate adjustments, he said, are approaching the peak of the cycle. It signals a reduction in interest rates in the next phase, coupled with flight to quality due to the high probability of recession. The yield on good quality private debt securities, investment grade, which increases in line with the interest rate on government bonds, coupled with the flight to quality trend in the event of a recession, makes it more attractive compared to high yields. The current bond market reflects much of future interest rate hikes.  Therefore, investing in debt securities is more attractive in times of high economic uncertainty and the price of bond yields gradually rising, but may fluctuate at some point for investing in short-term bonds, so it can generate attractive returns on a low volatility level. However, if you can take more risk, it is advisable to wait for the timing of the accumulation of medium-long-term bond funds, which may be volatile, but have the opportunity to generate outstanding returns than short-term bonds.
Gold price today, January 3, 2023, opened on Tuesday morning, price does not increase, does not decrease.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Tuesday morning, January 3, 2023, the price does not increase, does not decrease for the price of "gold bullion", sold out baht 29,850 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,350 baht per baht. On January 3, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.29 a.m. did not move, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,750 baht per baht. Sold out thb 29,850 "Gold jewelry" buys 29,213.32 baht and sells out 30,350 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
BCPG invests $9 billion to buy AsiaLink shares Terminal enters port oil depot with deal expected to end This March|Mr. Niwat Adirek, Chief Executive Officer, BCPG Public Company Limited BCPG has informed that it has acquired all of its shares in AsiaLink. Terminal Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Pan Asia Storage & Terminal Co., Ltd. 40 million shares The par value of Baht 100 per share represents 100% of all issued and paid-up ordinary shares. From the seller in the amount not exceeding 9,000 million baht, BCPG sees that the target company, which operates oil storage and berthing facilities in Phetchaburi. It is a utility project related to energy that can generate recurring income in accordance with the Company's business plan and investment plan, as well as being able to expand to support other businesses in the future. The Company expects that the share purchase transaction will be completed. About a month This March. Oil depot and port business for oil transfer which is currently operated by the seller. It has the following characteristics: 1. Oil depot business. The oil depot is located in Phetchaburi province. The business area is approximately 150 rai. 16 fuel tanks with a capacity of more than 480 million liters of oil (2) 3 pipelines with a diameter of 16 inches and (3) 16 onshore oil distribution terminals. In addition, some areas of the project have been registered as Free Trade Zones, with the seller currently undergoing renovation and construction of additional oil depots and pipelines, with the addition of 4 fuel tanks with a total capacity of more than 230 million liters. and two 20-inch diameter oil pipelinesSPONSORED(2). Port business for oil transfer Port business for oil transfer It is located in phetchaburi area. Currently, the jetty can accommodate ships. It has a capacity of 30,000 gross tons and can accommodate up to two vessels. The project was later completed. The jetty will be able to accommodate up to 120,000 gross tons of vessels and accommodate up to five docks. The seller will also transfer all depot service contracts.
Budget to change the sign of Bang Sue Central Station 33 million baht If not, change the label. What can I do?   |It's a lot of talk of the town. On the evening of December 29, 2022, Unique Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited (UNIQ) informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand of its news. In order to improve the nameplate of Bang Sue Central Station with a budget of more than 33 million baht, and the question of the appropriateness of using such a budget to change the signage by Mr. Thompong Somsuwan The Senior Executive Vice President of Unique Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited (UNIQ) informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that on December 29, 2022, the Company signed a construction contract with the State Railway of Thailand (SRT). In the construction of the project to improve the nameplate of Bang Sue Central Station to Bangkok Apiwat Central Station. and the emblem of the State Railway of Thailand. With a project value of THB 33,169,726.39 (VAT included), UNIQ is one of the four major contractors in Thailand. The other 3 companies are Italian-Thai Development Public Company Limited (ITD), Ch. Karnchang Public Company Limited or CK, Sino-Thai Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited (UNIQ). The company operates the construction business by being the main contractor for turnkey design services, which provides a full range of services for both design and construction work and construction work according to the design specified by the employer, focusing on medium and large utility works. IN ADDITION, THERE IS A LAND DEVELOPMENT AND CONSTRUCTION BUSINESS FOR SALE, INCLUDING RESIDENTIAL PROJECTS SUCH AS DETACHED HOUSES AND TOWNHOUSES, FOCUSING ON BANGKOK AND METROPOLITAN AREAS. Contract 3: Civil Construction of TaoPoon-Tha Phra Range, Green Line (North) Line, Mochit-New Bridge-Khu Khot Contract 2: Civil Works Construction of New Bridge-Khu Khot, Ramintra-Bangkok Outer Ring Road Project Contract 1 Who is the majority shareholder? The Company reported a profit in the third quarter of 2022 of Baht 10.21 million. UNIQ has the 1st largest shareholder, Mrs. Thanomsri Sudto holding 249,131,849 shares or 23.05%, Mr. Kriangsak Suwiwatthanachai holding 134,727,172 shares or 12.46% and Mrs. Mukda Ariyawat holding 128,722,400 shares or 11.91%.
Thai stocks today, January 3, 2023, ended the afternoon up 10.31 points, the index was at 1,678 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was up 10.31 points at 1,678.97 points with a turnover of 64,998.07. On January 3, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 10.31, a change of 0.62%, to 1,678.97 points, and the index peaked at 1,683.38. The index is at a low of 1,673.29. The turnover was 64,998.07 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
ALL The liquidity crisis cannot pay 10 million baht in interest shares, affecting 573 holders.  |All Inspire Send a dangerous signal The default on interest payments on 10 million debentures affected 573 debenture holders, who were found to have previously issued 7% high-interest debentures for the first 9 months with heavy losses and several attempts to raise capital but were unsuccessful. The Company disclosed to the Stock Exchange of Thailand that according to "All Inspire Development Public Company Limited's Secured Debentures No. 3/2021 due 2024, the issuer has the right to redeem the debentures before the maturity date" or the ALL 244A debentures of the Company are due for payment of interest for the 5th installment of 10,651,495.04 Baht on January 3, 2023. It's not. In default, ALL 244A debentures have an offering value of 709,900,000 baht, with a maturity date. Apr 1, 2024 Interest rate 7% per annum The reason for this default is due to the company's lack of liquidity. Insufficient cash flow with a total of 573 debenture holders, representatives of debenture holders, Krungsri Ayutthaya Bank Public Company Limited. The default on payment of such debentures is therefore considered a default under Clause 11.1 (a) of the Terms of Rights. The debenture holder's representative (Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited) may unilaterally exercise discretion. Demand that the Company repay the debt under the debentures or file a lawsuit against the Company or arrange a meeting of debenture holders within 45 days of becoming aware of the default. To seek a resolution to demand that the Company repay the debt under the debentures or to file a lawsuit against the Company. IF DAMAGE OCCURS, SPONSORED, HOWEVER. The above interest default does not result in the Company having to pay all of its debentures. This is not immediately due due to the need to proceed as stipulated in Clause 11.3 of the Terms of Rights. Unless the debenture holder's representative has sent a notice to the debenture holder's meeting within 15 days of his knowledge of the default, or the debenture holder's representative has received a written request from one or more debenture holders who hold or hold debentures, not less than 50% of the total unredeemed debentures, or the debenture holder's representative receives a resolution of the debenture holder's meeting in which the debenture holder's representative must hold a meeting of the debenture holders within 45 days of his knowledge of the default. By specifying the cause of default (the "Letter of Immediate Payment") within 5 working days from the date he became aware of the default or from the end of the consideration period under clause (1) or from the date of receipt of the request under clause (2) or from the date on which the debenture holders' meeting resolved in accordance with clause (2). Clause (3), as the case may be, if the default event persists until the time the letter of demand for payment of the debt is promptly sent to or deemed to have been sent to the Company, it shall be deemed that all debenture debts which are not due shall be promptly due and the Company shall pay all outstanding principal. Under the debentures, together with the interest in accordance with the rights provisions calculated up to that time, to the debenture holders within the time limit by which the debenture holder's representative has written notice to the Company to make such payments.9 For the first nine months of 2022, ALL reported total revenue of 616.65 million baht. Down 41.79% year-on-year As a result of the decrease in property sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the income of purchasing power decreased and competition became more intense. As a result, the Group has adjusted its promotional strategy. By reducing prices to encourage trading and accelerate stock drainage. However, the Group remains focused on efficient and careful inventory management in order to maintain liquidity efficiently and effectively. Pressure on the company to lose 394 million baht Up from the previous year, a loss of 142 million baht tried to increase liquidity but was unsuccessful. However, upon examination of the data, it was found that the company made several attempts to increase its liquidity. The company has sold 144,551,571 newly issued shares to limited persons before December 19, 2022, and the announcement of the general mandate capital increase will be cancelled because the offering price of newly issued ordinary shares under the general mandate at the price of 0.32 baht is lower than the par value of 0.50 baht per share and does not comply with the conditions of the Public Limited Companies Act B.E. 2535, Section 52.
Gold price today, 4 January 2023, opened on Wednesday morning, "Gold jewelry" sold at 30,450 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Wednesday morning, January 4, 2023, the price does not increase, not discount, for the price of "gold bullion" sells out baht 29,950 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,450 baht per baht. On January 4, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.27 a.m. did not move, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,850 baht per baht. Sold out thb 29,950 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,319.44 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,450 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,925 baht Sell out 14,975 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,659.72 baht Sell out 15,225 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,462.5 Baht Sell Out 7,487.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,329.86 Baht Sell Out 7,612.5 Baht Gold price today 1/2 shilling Gold bullion 1/2 shilling Buy 3,731.25 baht Sell out 3,743.75 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 shilling Buy 3,664.93 baht Sell out 3,806.25 baht However, the price does not include gold, the price may change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, January 4, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 3.60 points, the index was at 1,675 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market close, down 3.60 The index is at 1,675.37. Turnover 45,123.05 On January 4, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 3.60, a change of -0.21%, to 1,675.37. The turnover was 45,123.05 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Banpu Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited.
7UP resurrected, traded 2 days, stocks jumped 42%, the highest in 3 months, despite the first 9 months turning a loss of 89 million baht. |The 7UP traded 42% to 0.87 baht, the highest in 3 months, and Pol. Maj. Gen. Somyos Phumpanmuang also held 5.18% of the 3rd shareholding in the first 9 months, with a loss of 89 million baht. The top 5 shareholders are No. 1 Vehicle Investment Co., Ltd. holding 915 million shares or 17.80%, No. 2 Ms. Chomkamol Phumpanmuang holding 400 million shares or 7.78%, and No. 3 Mr. Rachat Phumpanmuang holding 301 million shares. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Mr. Chaowarat Wesampinyo holds 110 million shares or 2.16%, however, 7UP operates 3 main businesses: 1) Gas and Oil Service Station Business, 2) Renewable Energy Business, and 3) Utilities Business. Revenue of 593 million baht or 16.44% increased and net loss of 27.6 million baht was increased. Net profit of 3 million baht last year In the first 9 months of 2022, the company turned a loss of 89 million baht. FROM THE PREVIOUS YEAR WITH A NET PROFIT OF 157 MILLION BAHT.SPONSORED
SMEs should know sniper marketing. Spot precision marketing drives sales |SMEs should know "Sniper Marketing". Spot precision marketing and opportunities for tourism recovery Launching a strategy to boost sales, Mr. Worawut Peace of Mind Officemate founder and former Chief Executive Officer of COL Public Company Limited said that in 2023, the global economic situation will also affect Thailand. Overall, it will continue to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic that has occurred in the past few years, as well as the situation of the Russo-Ukrainian War, which has not yet eased. In 2023, the world is entering a recession, but the positive factors of Thailand are also supported by the country's tourism sector, which has gradually recovered since mid-2022, with more than 11 million foreign tourists visiting Thailand. Thailand's tourism sector is expected to grow better, with Thailand's tourism sector becoming hotter. Thailand continues to be a tourist destination, especially the so-called Bangkok Blue symptoms that occur to foreigners. MR. WORAWUT SEES THAT THAILAND CAN STIMULATE ECONOMIC GROWTH OR GDP THROUGH DOMESTIC CONSUMPTION, BOTH PURCHASING POWER FROM THAIS AND FOREIGNERS RETURNING TO THAILAND IN LARGE NUMBERS. Make shopping happen according to the mechanism of GDP. Thailand is strengthened by its service structure to accommodate nearly 100 million pre-COVID tourists in 2023. Stimulate all sectors, including MICE industry, to connect, also known as MICE Connect, in all business sectors. It is also the year of transforming Thai entrepreneurs into more online platforms to keep up with the demands of modern customers. Who are familiar with the use of technology during the covid pandemic, including ordering food through food delivery services. Online shopping of goods, services, etc. Thais are also ranked among the top five in the world with the most online shopping. At the same time, Thai SMEs still have strong manufacturing strengths, but are also trapped in product innovation and online marketing. This is different from manufacturers in China who have a fully integrated trading system. As well as developing online e-commerce platforms in the country itself, such as Taobao. Reducing reliance on foreign e-commerce platforms is considered a bypass of China's entire retail business. This stimulates overall consumption by allowing everyone to trade online and overcome poverty. There is also a need to pay more attention to the collection of databases in various aspects to be analyzed into products and services to meet the needs of customers. From now on. Data will be an important asset in future transactions, especially data transactions that occur in order for businesses to be aware of customer demand trends that will occur in different phases in order to predict the production of products and services. The era of machine gunfire is over, but instead the use of snipers to penetrate individual customers in order to achieve more accurate marketing and sales results. Which will make the trade more streamlined. In addition to reducing the cost of various expenses, it is also necessary to go back and ask if the product The first thing is to find ways to create product awareness in the target audience and put product innovations into it, which is the main problem of 80% of Thai SMEs is product quality. The next step is marketing to make customers know as many products as possible through channels or platforms that reach their target audience. For example, if you sell glutinous rice wrapped in plain pork like any other owner, you have to figure out how to make it delicious as you eat it with sticky news in one hand. This one requires trial and error. For business trends in 2023, it will be about the environment and Well Being, which SME business owners will adjust in any direction, depending on the product problem. "To do any business is all good, but in the end, the answer lies in figuring out how to do more, reflecting on the whole picture, such as whether the coffee shop tastes good or not. For a successful SME business, business owners should pay attention to the accounting system, especially the preparation of a single account to show the actual income and expenses of the business in order to accurately reflect their own operating costs, which will be more beneficial for the business, including writing down various expenses, both personal and business, by eliminating unnecessary expenses, which will be another way to reduce costs and help the business sustain during the economic recession.
Check it out. Farmers' income improvement in 2022/2023|Check it out. Today (Jan. 4), the Dec. 2019 Bank of Thailand transferred measures to help and raise the income of rice farmers. In 2022/2023, more than 171 million baht was added to 38,004 households on January 4, 2023. Deputy Manager, Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives According to the cabinet resolution of November 15, 2022 and the resolution of the Board of Directors. B.C.S. On November 21, 2022, the Bank of Thailand approved the Implement measures to help and raise rice farmers' incomes through the Rice Growers Quality Management and Quality Development Support Program. Production year 2022/23 and rice farmer income insurance scheme The production year 2022/23, which the BANK has started gradually transferring funds to farmers from November 24, 2022, consists of: Project to support the management cost and quality development of rice farmers Production year 2022/23 (Rai La Phan Project) amounted to more than 53,491 million baht. The benefit was 4.63 million households and the Rice Growers Income Insurance Scheme 2022/23 for the 1st - 10th periods amounted to more than 7,762.57 million baht. However, today, the BANK has transferred funds to help farmers through measures to help and raise farmers' incomes. Rice growers in 2022/23 to more than 38,004 households, amounting to 171.71 million baht. The project is divided into projects to support the management cost and improve the quality of rice farmers' produce. Production Year 2022/23 (Rai La Thousand Project) The 5th was over 130.53 million baht. There were 17,284 beneficiary households and the Rice Farmers Income Insurance Scheme. The production year 2022/23, the 12th and 1st - 11th periods (additional) amounted to more than 41.18 million baht and there were 20,720 beneficiary households. Farmers can check the remittance result via the application. There will be a notification message to the account via LINE Official BAAC Family in case customers apply for BAAC Connect service, as well as withdraw cash at BANK ATMs nationwide. For farmers who have questions about this project, please contact any BRANCH of THE BANK nationwide or call center 02 555 0555.
Revenue Department reiterates "Shop Dee Me Back" year 66, don't forget to ask for tax invoice Refueling is fine.|Revenue reiterated. Shop well have a night in 2023, don't forget to ask for a tax invoice. The receipt will be based on the name of the actual fuel payer. Even if the car belongs to someone else on Jan. 4, 2023. The Deputy Director-General of the Revenue Department, as a spokesperson for the Revenue Department, said that the 2023 Shop Dee Me Refund measure, which was implemented from Jan. 1 to Feb. 15, 2023, asks those who want to use the tax deduction right. Collect receipts from purchases of goods and services as paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht using paper or electronic tax invoices according to the following tax deduction conditions in 2024: - If purchasing goods or services not exceeding 30,000 baht for full tax invoices in paper or combined with electronic tax invoices - Purchase goods or services online not exceeding 10,000 baht. Electronic signatures are required for goods and services that are tax-deductible. Must be a VAT registered merchant that can issue a full VAT invoice, such as a department store. Convenience store restaurant All types of books, including printed or electronic or e-books, except magazines and newspapers sponsored "As for fuel bills, who pays for gas, the Revenue Department grants such people even to use other people's cars without relying on the car registration", and goods and services that are not tax-deductible, such as liquor, beer, wine, tobacco, cars, motorcycles and boats, utility bills such as electricity, water, newspapers and magazines. Both paper and electronics Tour arrangements, hotel accommodation, non-life insurance premiums, telephone and internet bills as these products are taken care of by various budgets and tax matters.
UOB reveals 10 factors supporting ASEAN countries Cope with future market volatility|UOB reveals 10 factors supporting ASEAN countries UOB's Quarterly Global Outlook report for Q1/23 outlines 10 key factors reflecting the resilience of ASEAN member states in dealing with market volatility over the past year, which will also be fundamental to dealing with future market volatility.1. The economies of most ASEAN countries recovered strongly in the second and third quarters of 2022 due to increased exports and domestic demand. The output of ASEAN countries (excluding Thailand) has returned to pre-COVID levels due to export demand and the opening of new economies that stimulate domestic demand.3. Trade in ASEAN remains strong. Asean exporters and manufacturing sectors are the main beneficiaries, but in the coming months global demand is expected to weaken due to rising interest rates around the world. Impact on spending and business activities4. The recovery of tourism THE LIFTING OF COVID-19 RESTRICTIONS AND THE REOPENING OF ECONOMIES IN ASEAN COUNTRIES FROM MID-2022 HAVE HELPED ASEAN RECOVER FASTER FROM RISING TOURIST TRENDS AND A REBOUND IN THE SERVICE SECTOR. And when China relaxes its COVID-free policy and reopens its borders, it will be another factor that will support the recovery of tourism in ASEAN.5. Inflation in ASEAN is generally low. Compared to developed markets in 2022, economic expansion is more resilient.6. Supply chain changes The proportion of U.S. imports from ASEAN, particularly Vietnam, increased, while U.S. imports from China declined after 2016, which overall benefited ASEAN as a manufacturing and export hub.7. As a result of changes in supply chains, foreign direct investment (FDI) in ASEAN increased by 44% in 2021, reaching a record high of USD 175.3 billion, and ASEAN has the third largest FDI in the world. Second only to the U.S. and China8. Accumulated foreign exchange reserves have increased since the Asian financial crisis. This provides more protection against financial market volatility.9. The ability to pay for imports is another factor that reflects its strength, with most ASEAN countries having sufficient reserves to pay import payments for 3 months.10. Most ASEAN countries have relatively little short-term foreign debt compared to global economic reserves, growing at a slower pace in 2023. UOB Singapore's economists said that although improved fundamentals helped ASEAN markets withstand financial market volatility in 2022, the year is expected to be challenging and uncertain due to risk factors such as recessions in the United States and Europe. Due to ASEAN's export-oriented economy as well as the world's third-largest source of foreign investment, or FDI, we cannot ignore these risk factors. The easing of COVID restrictions and the reopening of cross-border movements, which will have a positive impact on the retail sector. And when China reopens its borders, it will help revive the tourism sector, especially in Thailand. Overall, we expect global GDP growth to decline in 2023 by developed markets such as the US, Europe and the UK. While the main ASEAN economies are Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, growth is expected to slow down below 5% in 2023 from above 6% in 2022SPONSORED.
What has happened to 14 years of Bitcoin life review? |Bitcoin is entering adolescence. After the birth of the first block on the Bitcoin blockchain on January 3, 2009, Thairath Money invites you to look back at the events and price movements that have been going on for the past 13 years since its birth. How did you grow up and what happened in 2008? Nakamoto published bitcoin's whitepaper on the Internet for the first time in 2009. On January 3, 2009, 2010, bitcoin was used commercially, paying for two pizzas with $10,000 Bitcoin. In December 2014, the price continued to fall to $434 in 2016, the price continued to reach $998 at the end of 2017, the price peaked at $19,783 in December, with a major update in August called Segwit to improve the number of transactions. Bitcoin has become the first legal debt-ridden asset in the world, with the price of Bitcoin reaching a high of $68,991 in November 2022, the year when the cold winds creep in. There have been many tragic events in the crypto world. Since Terra LUNA and the collapse of FTX, Bitcoin prices continued to decline until December 31, ending the year at $16,528, compiled by investopedia, tradingview.
Bank of Thailand fits to solve household debt Comprehensive care overhaul|A reporter from the Bank of Thailand (BOT) said that within a month, This Jan The Bot will issue a report on sustainable household debt resolution. In order to set the standard for financial institutions to restructure debt and reduce existing debts, as well as to be a guideline for lending of more quality financial institutions in the next phase. Taking into account the debt repayment capacity of debtors By linking more clear debt data, the BOT stated that the problem of household debt, which has long been a problem with the country since before COVID-19, has continued to increase, especially for low-income and vulnerable people, who have high levels of household debt and have been affected by the increase in the cost of living. Higher inflation In addition, it will be more affected by the trend of interest rate hikes by financial institutions. The goal is to solve debt completely. Since before debt, while in debt. The household debt resolution report focuses on actions taken before debt by providing financial knowledge to be able to analyze the need for debt formation and managing existing debts, as well as earning additional income for debt repayment.
Market Round: Kasikorn Bank Phnom Penh Branch Win the Outstanding Organization Award that people want to work with.|Marketing Day 4 Jan 23 Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests The following are the following: Ritthiwut Wattanachai, General Manager, Kasikorn Bank, Phnom Penh Branch. The Bank represents the Bank in receiving the Outstanding Organization Award that people want to work with in Cambodia. HR Asia Best Companies To Work For In Asia 2022 (Cambodia Edition) was organized by HR Asia, a leading media outlet in the region. Phnom Penh Branch As an organization that places great importance on personnel management. By creating work experience to create learning and development to promote the potential of personnel all the time, as well as pushing teamwork so that all personnel can grow in the field sustainably in the long run, SPONSORED King Power Thai Power empowers Thai people to spread happiness to Thai youth nationwide again, preparing to carry more than 100,000 international standard football balls to reach children in 11 locations nationwide as a gift on the occasion of National Children's Day 2023 to encourage Thai children to be healthy from physical exercise. There is also a Thai Power Challenge to win prizes, where you can receive 1 soccer ball on Saturday, January 14, 2023 from 08.00-16.00 hrs. Central and Bangkok : Government House, 6 Squadron 601 Don Mueang Airport, 2nd Cavalry Division Royal Guard (Sanam Pao), Department of Physical Education Multipurpose Plaza in front of Nimibutr Building, Rangsit Klong 5 Science Museum Organization North : Wing 41 Chiang Mai, Wing 46 Phitsanulok Southern Province : King Power Phuket Phuket Phuket Province, Navy Region 2 Songkhla East Province : Juk Samet Pier Sattahip Naval Base Chonburi Northeast : Wing 1 Nakhon Ratchasima Group One Siam joins forces with Global Destination in the heart of Bangkok including Siam Paragon, Siam Center and Siam Discovery. In response to the 66th Anniversary of The New Year, we will continue to promote special promotions to shop dee me night, shop more than worth it during 1 January – 15 February 2023, with promotions throughout the New Year, Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day, ensuring that it stimulates the economy and creates a better shopping atmosphere since the beginning of the year. Signed a memorandum of understanding with Lanna Beef Cattle Network and Mr. Wiset Srisuwan Chiang Rai businessmen (landowners) jointly develop more than 40 rai of land to be a residential area and promote careers, especially in livestock, related agriculture, as well as other occupations to ensure stability, quality of life and a standardized environment. In the form of long-term rental, SPONSORED Kongsak Hansawongsin, Chief Insurance Product Officer Thanachart Insurance Public Company Limited is the representative of 4 scholarships totaling 100,000 baht to support education for undergraduate students. Sirindhorn School of Orthopaedics Siriraj Hospital Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital Mahidol University Shone Sophonpanich The President and Chief Executive Officer together with the management team of Bangkok Life Assurance Public Company Limited jointly delivered 6 SOS alarm kiosks and radio room equipment to Prachachuen Police Station in support of the Royal Thai Police's Smart Safety Zone 4.0 project to create a safe space for the public. Set your mind. The Chief Executive Officer of TOA Paint (Thailand) Public Company Limited (TOA) said that from the perspective of designers and architects, this year the concept of color expression has been influenced by various important situations that occur through various directions, resulting in the color trend of 2023 and 4 new color trend groups1. Less is Forever shades such as W9142, N6426, K7034 and minimalism. Immortal peace, which fuses the present and the future, is an infinite color, a variety of materials, and shows humility and awareness, and can easily adapt to the things around it.2. Sustainability matters such as shades G5332, N6100, N6297 are shades of grassy trees. Flowers, earth, bricks, sand, water and sky, with grayish tones coming in, the color is not fresh, which expresses the impact of nature and reflects us to be more aware of nature.3. Perfect Freedom shades such as R2118, B4088, G5059, a color group that shows independence in all aspects without discrimination of gender, race, color, ethnicity or ethnicity. Everyone is an equal human being with the freedom to express themselves and the courage to express themselves. The crisis of the pandemic is ready to come out with full brightness4. Switch to the new chapter, such as shades N6308, N6199, N6259, is a color group that represents the need to adapt quickly. Getting up and fighting to be able to get through things. Living with things by understanding the world and living a normal life every daySPONSORED Marketing Director, Mr. D.I.Y. Thailand said it has launched a campaign to celebrate Chinese New Year with a special campaign. Add luck throughout the year Arrange a line of chinese new year decorations to enhance many items at a low cost and receive a bunny year envelope. Get more value with Pao Tung promotion from Krungsri Credit Card by redeeming points to get 12% cash back from 1 January – 31 January 2023 at Mr. D.I.Y. stores. All branches nationwide Sinthanan Boonyod, Assistant Vice President Digita Business Division Securities Companies Bualuang Public Company Limited and its team donated funds to purchase Covid-19 protective equipment and lunch, which is the revenue from The Stock Master for the 11th year. And from the sale of Line Sticker Bua-Born for investment to The Redeemer Foundation for The Development of People with Disabilities and Father Ray Foundation, Chonburi Province, Intelligent Yanee Somraj. Chairman of the Executive Committee of Love Production House Thailand by Rich Non-Stop Co., Ltd. Mr. International is a gentleman model contest founded in 2006 and is held annually, ranked by various contest gurus as the Top 3 gentlemen's contest on a global scale, which is recognized by people all over the world. In late 2023, Dr. Chankrit Detwitak Assistant Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Chairman of the Awards Ceremony DIGI Data Awards 2022 will be presented to agencies that disclose government open data sets through the data.go.th website. Dr. Supoj Thierawut Director, Digital Government Development Agency (Public Organization) or DGA, Mr. Nattawat Waronpakul Deputy Director, Digital Government Development Agency Ms. Onfa Vejjajiva, Secretary-General of the Bureaucracy Development Committee Dr. Piyanuch Wuttisorn Director of the Office of National Statistics and Dr. Monsak Socharoentham Director, Institute of Innovation and Data Governance 
This evening, hurry up and fill it up. Tomorrow will increase the price of all kinds of sohol by 60 st.|Refill has added "PTT Station" and "Bangchak" announced an increase in the price of gasohol by 60 baht. As for the "diesel group", the price remains the same. Effective 5 a.m. tomorrow, Jan. 4, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 60 satang/litre for all gasohol products. As for the diesel group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 5 January 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.05 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.78 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.14 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.29 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Expenditure budget for 2024 increased by 3.35 trillion baht.|Mr. Chalermpol Pensutra Director of the Budget Office The meeting was attended by 4 economic agencies, comprising the Budget Office, the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB). The Bank of Thailand (BOT) and the Ministry of Finance have Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister is the President. Approved the framework for budgeting expenditure for the year 2024 (Oct. 2023-Sep. 2024) with a limit of 3.35 trillion baht. This is an increase from the 2023 budget of 3.185 trillion baht or an increase of 165 billion baht. Budget deficit of 593 billion baht or a decrease from 2023 of approximately 102 billion baht Presented at the Cabinet meeting on January 10, 2023, Mr. Danucha Pichayanan, Secretary-General of the NESDB, said that the preparation of the 2024 budget framework is appropriate in the situation when the Thai economy begins to recover more clearly from COVID-19. The assumption of 2024 gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 3.3-4.3% with a median value of 3.8% is not too high, as global trade volumes in 2024 will recover, expanding by 3.7%, up from 2023, when global trade will shrink to 2.5% from 4.5% in 2022. Therefore, the government plans to reduce the deficit, along with increasing the efficiency of revenue collection and public budget spending. Meanwhile, The preparation of the 2024 budget, which increases the budget limit and reduces the budget deficit, creates greater fiscal discipline in the country.
Diesel freeze 35 baht per liter "NBTC" ran to recover 30 billion baht|"NBTC" announces four premiums for the 2023 oil fund management plan, reiterates short-term, focusing on fixing the retail price of diesel not exceeding 35 baht per liter. Predict world oil prices this year It's not as severe as last year. Preparing for the 2nd round loan of 30 billion baht. Director of The Fuel Fund Office (NBTC) Revealed this year Diesel retail valuation It is not expected to be as hot as last year, or on average the whole year at USD 105 per barrel, but the worst case is expected to be 150. From the average price last year was $135.54, therefore, the NBTC will continue to manage the oil fund. Not more than 35 baht per liter. As for how it will change, depending on government policy and global oil prices, "Oil prices are still fluctuating, causing the Energy Policy Management Committee (ABON) to closely monitor the global market price to manage it, and last year, the BANK held a total of 189 meetings, and throughout 2022, the Oil Fund has taken care of the impact on the people, including LPG, which has gradually risen from 318 baht per 15 kilogram (kg) tank. The latest is now 408 baht per 15 kg tank, while diesel fuel is pegged to no more than 35 baht per litre," sponsored. At present, the oil fund's position as of January 1 was negative 121,491 million baht. Divided into LPG accounts. Negative 44,300 million baht Negative oil account 77,191 million baht latest There is a cash flow rate of 3.72 baht per liter of diesel fuel, 95 baht per liter of gasohol, 91 liters of gasohol, 1.70 baht per liter of E 85 and 0.010 baht per liter of E. By 2 months ago The oil fund began to accumulate a total of 8,000 million baht, while the loan management under the limit of 150,000 million baht, the NBTC has already borrowed the first round of 30,000 million baht. The remaining 120,000 million baht "I hope to approve this loan framework of 30 billion baht and must urgently coordinate all considerations within this year in order to meet the specified framework within 1 year in order to gradually recover the outstanding loans of Section 7 oil traders." Director, Office of Policy and Strategy The MPC said the price of diesel in the global market This year It is expected that it will not be as hot as last year due to both positive and negative factors, with positive factors causing oil prices to rise, such as the opening of China's country, which may cause high global oil prices, etc. As a result, the world's demand for oil has fallen, the retail price of diesel has decreased. Although the global market is declining, retail prices cannot be reduced due to high debt burden, and there is also a diesel excise tax of 5 baht per liter. It is awaiting consideration from the Ministry of Finance on whether to extend the tax cut. Lpg, which is pegged at 408 baht per 15 kg tank, will end on January 31, and will have to wait for the Energy Policy Committee to consider it."
Gold sales push baht past 33 baht, strongest in 8 months Krungthai sees the economy recovering, pushing the currency stronger|The baht surpassed 33 baht per dollar. At the strongest level in 8 months, analysts pointed to the strong selling of gold, with the future likely to strengthen after the economic recovery. Keep an eye on the US economic data, it may hit the dollar in the short term. The thai baht continued to strengthen this morning, reaching a record 33.925 baht per U.S. dollar, marking the fastest strengthening and the strongest in 8 months since April 2022. After the price continues to rise. At the same time, the economic recovery will be a key factor in the continued strengthening of the baht. Panichpiboon Capital Market Strategist, Krungthai GLOBAL MARKETS, Krungthai Bank Revealed that the trend of the baht The rapid appreciation of the baht is This was primarily driven by gold profit-taking transaction flows. After gold prices continued to rise near $1,870 per ounce, the baht was also supported by strong buying of Thai assets, including short-term bonds, which had net purchases by foreign investors of more than 165 billion baht. In part, this may increase the short USDTHB position or see the baht strengthening by foreign investors amid hopes of a continued recovery of the tourism sector following the return of Chinese tourists. IF SUCH SUPPORTING FACTORS HAVE NOT CHANGED, BE CAREFUL IN CASE THE DOLLAR MAY STRENGTHEN SOMEWHAT. If the U.S. labor market data is reported today, including Friday. Nonfarm Payrolls reported much better than expected. In addition, we estimate that some players may gradually sell short USDTHB profits. After the baht began to strengthen near the new key support zone, the range was 33.75-33.80 baht per dollar. Looking at the baht framework today It is expected to be in the range of 33.75-34.00 baht/dollar on the currency market side. After the minutes of the latest Fed meeting, fed officials are supportive of raising interest rates at a slower rate in order to reduce the risk to the economy. The dollar index (DXY) fell near 104.2 points. On the gold contract side, the COMEX market delivered a month. February was able to swing near the $1,860 per ounce level, despite pressure from financial market exposure, which prompted market players to continue to sell gold. The price of gold hit a peak of around $1,869 per ounce. The transaction flow also contributed to the strengthening of the baht for the day. Market players will be waiting for the U.S. labor market data, such as initial jobless claims, as well as the number of ongoing jobless claims. On the Thai side, we estimate that the recovery in domestic consumption in line with the expansion of the tourism sector and consumer confidence will result in Headline inflation (CPI) in December accelerated to 5.9%, but inflation will not rise much as energy prices fell in December.
Thai stocks today, January 5, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 2.01 points, the index was at 1,671 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 2.01. The index is at 1,671.24. Turnover 46,421.99 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on January 5, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 2.01 percent. The index was at 1,671.24. The turnover was 46,421.99 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
DELTA falls heavily after 3 brokerages recommend selling The value is higher than the parent company, the expensive stock does not make sense.|Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited's share price fell sharply in the morning of January 5 at 820.00 baht, down 92.00 baht or 10.09% amid a turnover of up to 4.8 billion baht. As a result, investors may need to be more cautious when investing. In the past, DELTA's share price was about 1-1.5 times higher than that of its parent stock, and the movement is usually similar (with a correlation value of up to 0.79%). In terms of fundamental value, DELTA shares are much more expensive than their parent stock, either at the closing price per share or P/E of up to 85.9 times (parent stock 23.8 times), Book value or P/BV is 22.1 times, while parent stock is 4.1 times, although Delta Electronics in Taiwan and DELTA have some different customer groups. Delta Electronics Taiwan mainly focuses on general merchandise, but fundamentals are still considered expensive in comparison with its parent stockSPONSORED 3. The increase in DELTA's share price was partly due to the acceleration of transactions through single stock futures, reflected by a 126% increase in outstanding positions from 488 contracts to 1,355 contracts during 29 December 2022 – 3 January 2023). If you estimate the average cost of opening a position at 830 baht compared to the current price of 912 baht on DELTA's leverage of 8.85 times, you will get a return of up to 87%. For every 1% of DELTA's decline, it will put pressure on SET and SET50 by about 0.85 points. Normal profit grew significantly from the same period last year. From improved sales and gross margins. The market capitalization of DELTA Thailand is higher than that of DELTA Taiwan, despite delta Thailand's profit ratio of approximately 25% of delta tai's profit as a whole, reflecting the unreasonableness of its comparative value. We do not recommend investing and investors should be cautious about short-term speculation. CGS-CIMB Asset Management: DELTA recommends selling at 660.00 baht, delta's price has risen 50% in the past three months, mainly due to delta's entry into SET50.
Poor Card State Welfare Card January 2023 What are the rights?|"Comptroller's Department" Updated "State Welfare Card" for January 2023 What are the benefits on January 5, 2023 Ms. Varee Glasses THE DEPUTY DIRECTOR-GENERAL OF THE COMPTROLLER DEPARTMENT, AS A SPOKESPERSON FOR THE COMPTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT, REVEALED THAT THE COMPTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT HAS DISBURSED AND TRANSFERRED FUNDS TO AGENCIES AND MERCHANTS THAT ACCEPT PAYMENTS FOR GOODS AND SERVICES THROUGH THE STATE WELFARE CARD FOR JANUARY 2023 AS FOLLOWS: SPONSORED FOR DECEMBER 2022. Request a report of payment results to agencies/merchants that accept payments with the State Welfare Card and transfer to e-Money wallets from December 1-31, 2022 as follows:1. Benefits provided as a limit on the State Welfare Card Amount (Million Baht)2. Benefits provided through e-Money in the State Welfare Card (Million Baht) totaling Baht 4,027.04 million. For more information, please contact the State Welfare Card Customer Service Center at 0-2109-2345 or the Comptroller's Department Call Center at 0-2270-6400 during official hours.
Before "Saving Gold" must know unfolds 5 behaviors that gangs of fraudsters like to trick victims into investing|It must be admitted that the trend of investing in gold, whether it is saving gold, installment gold, buying accumulated gold, as well as trading gold online, both Gold Spot and Gold Future, but there are many investors who are victims of gangs of fraudsters who deceive to invest before escaping into the clouds. Managing Director, SG Capital Public Company Limited (SGC) tells us that gold investments, both "bullion" and "gold jewelry", continue to be popular investment choices for saving for revolving assets and used as jewelry for Thai people. Gold investment is not much diminished or has low volatility, even in times of economic volatility, making gold investment known and gaining attention from consumers. Whether it is near the New Year or even preparing gifts in advance for the Chinese New Year in early 2023, gold is one of the most popular gifts to buy or invest in gold as a gift for yourself and your family members. Therefore, it has become a loophole for fraudsters to use scams to lure people to join in installments or savings until they lose a lot of money, either in the form of chain sharing or incentivizing with cheap promotions and inflated returns, both on online platforms as well as on social media. 1. Conceal complete information about the agency. The feature is open to all ages. Participate in investments without limit2. The price of gold is lower than the market price, but the high return is real, in order to tempt people to invest a lot.3. The nature of savings is the exposure of agents. Have a host Focus on building a network Get more rewards when you can add a large number of networks The process resembles a chain share4. In the beginning, pay dividends, get real gold to build credibility and incentivize more investment to find a network.5. As the number of members increases, the investment will become difficult to contact and cannot be contacted if there is any suspicious behavior from the beginning, be careful and do not be fooled into joining the investment. Because no investment offers an inflated return. 3 ways to know fraudsters before choosing to invest in gold installment Busaba Said that SGC, as a leading lending service provider, provides CLICK2GOLD loan service, a gold installment loan service with a guarantee of 100% gold when the installment contract expires. At the start of the contract, we have partnered with leading gold and diamond jewelry business leaders to provide gold installment services on LINE Official platform in the form of installment payments to save money, especially for those who do not have a regular income. Career as a merchant The new generation who are self-employed, freelancers, to be able to own gold to accumulate safe assets, which we have a way for consumers to be aware of scammers and choose to invest in gold installments that are worthwhile. Safety and no risk of losing money are as follows: SPONSORED1. Choose a gold installment with a reputable and reliable service provider. It has a long history of service.2. Choose to invest in applications, websites or social media only with reliable entrepreneurs. Have a clear identity and address. 3. Have been in business for a long time and have stable financial liquidity or be a public company listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand3. Choose to invest with a gold importer who is reliable, has been serving for a long time And should always check that such websites or social media that offer gold investment services belong to that entrepreneur Is not just a website, social media and applications that fraudsters forged to deceive this last last time Before investing anything, should study the details well, especially those who like to promote advertising exaggerated that invest a little money. If you suspect that you are involved in a chain share, please contact the Department of Special Investigation or DSI Author : Kamolthip Hiranprasertsuk kamonthip.h@thairathonline.co.th 
The vendor cried. Housewife holds temples, eggs increase the price of 20 baht per egg. Moved to 3.60 Baht|The vendor cried. On January 5, 2023, reporters reported that a network of 4 egg breeders, namely Eight Stripes Egg Breeders Cooperative Ltd., Chiang Mai-Lamphun Egg Breeders Cooperative Co., Ltd., Mae Nam Noi Egg Breeders Cooperative Co., Ltd., and Chonburi Egg Breeders Cooperative Co., Ltd., announced a 20-satang price increase from 3.40 baht per egg to 3.60 baht per egg, effective from January 6, 2023, in line with the production volume. June 22, 2022 Laying hen breeders suffer from oversupply of eggs. Department of Livestock and Private Sector We have always worked together to solve problems. Both the increase in egg exports and the early release of caged hens resulted in production stability and prices at an optimal level of 3.60 baht per egg. On August 17, 2022, until November 2022, the price began to trend down to 3.40 baht per bubble.
CHG sealed PTG dumped 136 mb. Invest in 'Arincare', an online pharmacy startup, push IPO in 3 years|CHG sealed PTG dumped 136 mb. Invest in 'Arincare', an online pharmacy platform startup in Series B, to expand Thailand's Health Tech ecosystem and push for mai stock market IPO in 2026. Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Arincare Co., Ltd., a Thai startup that provides online pharmacy platforms The company announced that it has raised $4 million (approximately THB 136 million at an exchange rate of approximately THB 34 per U.S. Dollar) from Chularat Hospital Group (CHG), a lead investor, together with MAX Ventures, a corporate venture capital (CVC) in the PTGSPONSORED Group. We expect to be profitable later this year. Arincare currently has more than 3,000 pharmacists and community pharmacies on the platform and aims to double the number by 2026." Mr. Theera said the partnership that will take place after CHG and PTG group investment will connect pharmacists and community pharmacies on Arincare's network with CHG's medical team to enhance their capacity to take care of people in the community nationwide. Strengthen pharmacists and community pharmacies that are local SMEs. Increase health care and services for Thai people through MaxCard currently has more than 20,000 pharmacies nationwide, of which 80% are SMEs and only 20% are franchisees or large enterprises. However, the market value related to health trends has grown significantly after the COVID-19 pandemic and is believed to continue to grow at an average annual rate of 13-17% in 2022, worth around 40 billion baht. Because Thai people are paying more attention to health care continuously, Thailand has moved towards an aging society. Therefore, the gap in Thai public health services is an opportunity for health tech businesses in Thailand, and the public health service system is not enough to meet the needs of the people. While private health services Clinics and hospitals are concentrated in large cities or communities and come with high service fees. Community pharmacies and pharmacists are the gateways for people to have better access to public health services, and when the ecosystem of public health services is connected on the platform, it solves the problem of inequality. This will enable Thai people to access the public health system with technology more thoroughly. Dr. Kampol Plussin Chief Executive Officer of Chularat Hospital Group (CHG) said that Arincare's concept and business direction are in line with CHG's vision. To support healthcare businesses to reach out at the community level. Expanding the growth of the health tech ecosystem, upgrading the restructuring of the public health system to be more patient-centered. Chief Executive Officer and President, PTG Energy Public Company Limited (PTG) Revealed that the company has made strategic investments in high-potential startups. Through MAX Ventures, we have partnered with our business partners, created the New S-Curve, and strengthened and expanded our business in PTG's network. It is estimated that by the end of 2023, there will be at least 21 million subscribers. As a result, PTG sees an opportunity to diversify its business and services. NEXX Pharma, which sells medicines, medical supplies and medical equipment by experienced pharmacists, plans to provide services nationwide, however, in this round of funding, CHG Group acquired a 25% stake, while PTG Group holds approximately 10% of the shares, and the company has investors in the previous round of funding, including Nexter Ventures, a CVC affiliated with SCG Cement Building Materials, global companies such as Mitsubishi Corporation and True Incube.
Announcement of "Oil Price" Reduction All sohol groups except "diesel" remain the same.|Tomorrow, we will stop by to refill the announcement of the reduction of "fuel price", gasohol of all kinds and High Premium 97 by 30 baht. As for the "diesel group", the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Jan. 5, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol and high premium 97 products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 6 January 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 34.75 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.48 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.84 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 42.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
China enters Thailand!|Flights from China prepare to pour into Thailand China announced the opening of the country on Jan. 8. TAT joins hands with EGAT to distribute flights to Chiang Mai, Phuket and Northeast Solving the problem of ground support of Suvarnabhumi Airport with congestion Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan The Tourism and Sports Minister said that after China prepares to reopen the country from January 8, 2023 onwards. As a result, a group of Chinese self-guided travelers (FIT) began to leave. The Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) has informed that the airline has requested to fly a flight schedule (slot) for the Thai-Chinese route. However, in order to reduce congestion at Suvarnabhumi Airport, the EGAT has coordinated with the EGAT to distribute flights to more airports in upcountry provinces such as Phuket, Chiang Mai and other provinces in the Northeast and the South, especially the Kunming-Hat Yai route, which wants to resume flying. Meanwhile, the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) THERE IS ALREADY A PLAN TO MARKET AND SELL TRAVEL PACKAGES TO SUPPORT MR. CHUVIT SIRIVEJKUL. Regional Director, East Asia The TAT said it had received a report from the CAT and the originating airline that flights would resume on the Thai-Chinese route. Indeed, from January 18, 2023 until the end of the 2022/2023 winter flight schedule during the 3rd week of the month. Mar66 Flights from Shanghai will be rescheduled as soon as possible, such as from China Eastern and Shanghai Airlines, with two airlines on Jan. 18, including Spring Airlines. Juneyao Airlines operates 7 flights per week on the Shanghai-Phuket route and the Shanghai-Chiang Mai route at 7 flights per week. "At present, the ground capacity at Suvarnabhumi Airport is congested, so we need to adjust our plans to encourage airlines to diversify their routes to other airports in Thailand. The summer 2023 flight schedule is expected from the end of the month. Mar to late This October, it will recover 70% compared to 2019 before the COVID-19 pandemic." The Deputy Governor for Asia and the South Pacific, Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), said that TAT estimates that in the first quarter of this year, there will be a gradual recovery of 300,000 Chinese tourists entering Thailand by air, divided into 60,000 in January, 90,000 in February and 90,000 in February. "TAT expects 5 million Chinese tourists to visit Thailand this year, bringing the total number of foreign tourists to Thailand to 25 million, up from the previous forecast of at least 20 million foreign tourists to Thailand (excluding the Chinese market).
DES controls the online lottery platform.|Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn The Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) said that in the past 65 years, DES has successfully cooperated with Cambodia to crack down on call center gangs and hybrid scams. Blocked mobile signals and arrested, now hunting down taiwanese mafia. In addition to its cybercrime suppression work, DES has accelerated its work on personal data protection through the enforcement of the Personal Data Protection Act B.E. 2562 (PDPA). Community Public Internet Service Project Promoting e-commerce, startups, and digital In 2023, the 2023 guidelines on combating cybercriminals will be enacted to speed up the process of punishing offenders. DES has proposed a draft. The Technology Crime Prevention and Suppression Act empowers the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) and commercial banks to shut down SIM cards, cables, poles and bank accounts within 2 hours of seeing wrongdoing in order to stop the damage in a timely manner. And this year. THE DIGITAL PLATFORM SERVICES BUSINESS ACT B.E. 2565 (2022) WILL COME INTO FORCE, FORCING SERVICE PROVIDERS THROUGH PLATFORMS THAT HAVE NEVER BEEN REGULATED TO REPORT TO THE MINISTRY.
Thai people flock to "join hands to solve debt", treasury warns "poor cardholders" do not forget to exercise their rights!|Mr. Chatchai Sirilai managing director Government Housing Bank (TBA) As Chairman of the Association of State Financial Institutions He revealed that from the implementation of assistance to solve the debt problem in the public sector in accordance with the government policy that has already been implemented, such as the results of the debt resolution fair "There is a debt that needs to be solved, a sustainable restart", a total of 3 times in the past. More than 23,000 people attended the event, totaling more than 14,000 million baht in financial services and debt resolution, and it is expected that more than 10,000 people will attend the event in Chonburi from January 20-22, 2023 and Songkhla on January 27-29, 2023. Can come to financial consultation Government financial institutions are ready to help with government policies to ease the burden on the people during the economic recovery. HE BELIEVES THAT WHEN PEOPLE HAVE ENOUGH INCOME, THEY WILL BE ABLE TO REPAY THEIR DEBTS. Glasses Deputy Director-General of the Comptroller's Department as spokesperson for the Comptroller's Department In order to repeat the rights of state welfare cardholders (poor card) to see how much money they can spend in January 2023 and what goods they can spend, poor cardholders who earn less than 30,000 baht per year will receive a 300 baht subsidy per month. Poor cardholders earning more than 30,000-100,000 baht per year will receive a 200 baht subsidy per month. The right cannot be withdrawn in cash and cannot be accumulated for use in the following month. The privileges granted by the government to poor cardholders are as follows: In January 2023, they received a special allowance of 200 baht for only one month. This Jan only. Discount on LPG purchase 100 baht per 3 months (Jan-Mar 23) It also helps with travel expenses etc.
Inflation in 2022 hit a new high of 24 years.|Mr. Poonpong Nainapakorn The Director general of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy revealed that the consumer price index (headline inflation) in December 2022 was 107.86 compared to December 2022. November 2022 was down 0.06%. Dec 2021 The 2021 average rose 6.08% compared to 2021, close to the Ministry of Commerce's forecast of 5.5-6.5%, the highest growth in 24 years since 2018, which reached 8.1%, while core inflation, excluding fresh food and energy, rose 0.06% month-on-month. November 2022 and increased by 3.23% compared to November 2022. Dec 2021 The 12-month average increased by 2.51%, "The 6.08% increase in inflation in 2022 was mainly due to the increase in energy prices, or the 23.93% increase in energy prices for the whole year 2022, contributed to a 2% increase in inflation, another 1% from the price of meat such as duck, chicken, and pork, the other 1% came from the price of ready-to-eat food, both indoors and outdoors, and 1% from electricity bills, and the remaining 1.08% came from other products." April 2023 onwards because most products are stable and prices start to fall. Energy prices are likely to decline in line with the slowdown in economies, and the base for the first quarter of 2022 is relatively high. There are also measures to reduce the cost of living of the government. However, there are factors that will affect inflation, such as raising electricity bills, adjusting wages throughout the system. The volatile baht and the recovery of the tourism sector will affect goods and services in some groups related to tourism. There are also risk factors to keep an eye on, such as commodity volatility from geopolitical risks. Inclement weather COVID-19 outbreaks and animal epidemics to be closely monitored Inflation in 2023 will be driven by increased demand for goods, not from higher production costs like in 2022, as tourism has recovered. The more China opens up, the more tourists will come to Thailand.
"Lottery Plus" finds full year of tax arrears of over 300 million - DSIYAN finds links to money laundering gangs|The Revenue Department revealed that "Lottery Plus Division" owes more than 300 million baht in taxes. DSI found that more than 42 million baht from money laundering gangs flowed directly into the accounts of lottery executives, the reporter reported. It was found that some people still pay taxes incorrectly, such as The Lottery Plus Division, etc., which the Revenue Department has called the responsible person from the Lottery Plus Division to acknowledge and continue to pay the tax correctly. It has only partially paid taxes. The rest also asked for a waiver of payment. The audit found that Lottery Plus had paid incorrect taxes since 2021 with a tax burden of 500 million baht. But the Revenue Department received only 190 million baht in payment. The Revenue Department has called on the responsible person to pay more taxes continuously, but the Lottery Plus Division has been asking for a waiver of payment all the time. Another appointment was made at the end of the month. The tax assessment of Lottery Plus Division is based on the revenue and net profit from the sale of 7 million tickets online per period, which results in the Lottery Plus Division earning 18 billion baht per year. To investigate the faults of the Lottery Plus Division in various aspects, such as the source of money in business, the sale of overpriced tickets. Copyright infringement and tax payments, etc. Meanwhile, the Lottery Office has filed a lawsuit against Platt. Many online ticket sales forms, which are still pending in court with the latest SPONSORED. On January 5, 2023, the Lottery Office held discussions with several relevant agencies, such as the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), the Anti-Money Laundering Office (OIC). Department of Intellectual Property, Central Bureau of Investigation Office of the Attorney General The Revenue Department and several other related agencies The Lottery Office explained the origins of online ticket sales and the litigation procedures and laws that the Lottery Office has taken to deal with various online platforms. "Lottery Plus Division" entered a plea because it was found that there was a major money laundering group that had been arrested earlier. It appears that one of the recipients of tens of millions of baht from this movement group is the administrator of the "Lottery Plus Division", which Panthawat Nakvisut, or "Not Kong Lottery Plus", posted on his personal Facebook page that he was ready to clarify with the DSI that the progress was made on January 5. Department of Special Investigation According to the summons, Confirm that it is a subpoena for the management of Lottery Plus to testify as a witness and the original schedule is still scheduled for January 13, 2023. At approximately 10.00 a.m., if Mr. Panthawat wants to meet early, he can inform the telephone number of the Special Investigation Officer as indicated at the end of the summons. However, the Department of Special Investigation has not yet received any changes to the appointment schedule from Panthawat of the Narcotics Case Center Working Group. Stating the circumstances of the receipt of the said money that led to the issuance of a subpoena as a witness, the DSI said that since the DSI had expanded its investigation to find the money laundering group, according to the news. It appears that the financial route of this movement has been linked to Mr. Panthawat amounting to more than 42 million baht (at But DSI insists that it is fair so that Mr. Panthawat has prepared various documents to clarify the origin of this tens of millions of baht with the special investigation officer, and if it is useful or has credible facts, it will be fair because Mr. Panthawat is currently in the position of a witness. "We are confident in the evidence that the investigation has expanded and found that the person is irresponsible, has irregular trading characteristics, and that the tens of millions of baht that went into his account came from dishonest groups such as money laundering." The Center for Drug Cases working group stated.
BTG plummets 14 billion market caps The lowest since IPOs, stocks have been worried meat prices have plummeted.  |Betagro shares face heavy challenges, with the company's value plummeting 14 billion since the IPO, although large-cap stocks cannot sustain it. Catch first-half profit collapse or stock price movements. Betagro Public Company Limited (BTG) has steadily declined its share price to 33.75 baht, and its share price has been declining to new lows since the company entered trading on the stock exchange on the first day. On November 2, 2022, with a subscription price of Baht 40.00, the capitalization at the IPO price was Baht 77,392 million.  It's not. After BTG entered trading on the stock exchange, the share price continued to decline, most recently on January 5, 2023. The share price was 33.25 baht with a market capitalization of 63,364.70 million baht, which means that the value of BTG has decreased since the entry of 14,028 million baht. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reported that during Dec. 6, it reported the acquisition. The shares of Betagro Public Company Limited by Betagro Holding Co., Ltd. the number of securities acquired represents 3.3698% of the total voting rights of the company. The number of securities after acquisition represents 36.8999% of the total voting rights of the company.  Mr. Kitpan Pripaisankit, Assistant Managing Director UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) Public Company Limited The land meat group is facing heavy pressure, he said. Meat prices continued to decline. Meanwhile, feed prices, despite the decline, have not kept pace with the sharper drop in meat prices. Therefore, it puts pressure on stocks in this group by selling heavily.  In BTG's shares, analysts see it from two angles: one group expects profit to continue growing in 2023, and the other group sees a decrease in profit. Investors need to go back to the profit side that is more normal year, but believe that in mid-2023, it should be more clear.SPONSORED Yuanta Asset Management (Thailand) advises buying in BTG shares at 45.00 baht, seeing BTG as Thailand's leading integrated food manufacturer with more than 50 years of experience and well-known brands such as Betagro, S-Pure, ITOHAM. Normal profit outlook for Q4 2022 is expected to grow significantly from the same period last year. From higher pig and chicken prices. In addition to the expected sales volume growth in all business segments, we expect normal profit for the full year 2022 at 7.49 billion baht (up 711.5% from the same period last year) to reach a new high. However, we estimate that the current share price reflects earnings concerns in 2023 and has limited downside risk.
Petrol price today 5 Jan 2023 Updated price of all types of fuel.|"Oil Prices Today" 5 Jan 23, 2023 Check the price of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel from 4 pumps, the latest update on the price of each litre on January 5, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.05 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.78 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.05 Baht/liter. 14 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.29 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.54 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 40.54 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.46 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.05 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.78 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.05 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.78 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.05 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.78 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.05 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.78 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.33.33 14 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.29 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 34.78 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.05 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.54 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell FuseSave Diesel B7 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/5.54 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.78 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 35.05 baht/litre Diesel at 34.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 34.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 42.54 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre.
Buy mutual funds, use the right to shop well, have it back. KBank invested at the beginning of last year to reduce taxes in 2023.|Buy mutual funds using the right "Shop Dee Me Back" KBank Asset Management to raise Asia Healthcare Equity Fund and Mixed Fund. Inviting investment to start the year before the tax reduction in 2023 On January 6, 2023, Mr. Suradej Kiattanakorn managing director Asset Management Company (ASSET MANAGEMENT) KBank said that to purchase mutual funds, investors can apply front-end fees and back-end fees totaling not more than 30,000 baht for tax deduction in 2023 under the "Shop Dee Me Back 2023" program, which runs from January 1 to February 15, 2023. We look at equity funds in Asia. The recommended funds that are in line with this direction are K-ASIACV, K-CCTV, K-CHINA, K-JP, K-VIETNAM and K-STAR. You can download the full tax invoice application form and attach a copy of your ID card. Send it back to SS_Registrar@kasikornbank.com to receive the original tax invoice for use as evidence of the 2023 tax deduction and to check the list of funds with sales fees and redemption feesSPONSORED.
Kerry Express Control unnecessary expenses, pull LEAN, reduce costs, generate profits.|Kerry Express controls unnecessary expenses, pulls LEAN programs, reduces senior management's remuneration, temporarily refrains from accepting additional staff in all departments, and service points in branches where performance is not as scheduled on April 6. Jan 23 Alex Ng, Chief Executive Officer, Kerry Express (Thailand) Public Company Limited or KEX said that in 2022, Kerry Express In order to maintain its market leadership and as we move into 2023, the company focuses on developing its own potential while reducing internal operating costs. Reducing costs of rigorous cost management and eliminating the use of unprofitable resources2. Reduction of senior management remuneration3. Temporary suspension and restriction of additional staff in all departments4. At the same time, KEX has accelerated investment in machinery procurement. The first batch of tools and equipment will arrive in Bangkok in the first quarter and will be ready for use by the second quarter, where the company has received technology and industry knowledge from subsidiaries such as SF Holding (002352.SZ) in China and Kerry Logistics Network (0636.HK) in Hong Kong. Rising oil prices As a highly responsible market leader, "we must always look forward to finding ways to help us improve our cost management efficiency. As well as the ability of our people to work as well as creativity, we decided to launch the LEAN program in the first week of 2023 to demonstrate our commitment to developing the organization from within and turning the situation back into profitability." The Company accelerates its investment by providing machinery, systems and equipment, which will immediately reduce costs and improve our parcel delivery processes to the next level. We have gained a lot of knowledge and inspiration from SF Express and KLN, especially in terms of technology and expertise in the industry. In addition, we will delay business development in areas other than our core business so that employees can fully and fully commit to the plan. But we are convinced that this is a step in the right direction. We expect to return to profitability and eventually take KEX to the next level of success. Express has the ability to adapt to change. We don't think success has a fixed formula, but success is achieved through constant improvement."
Covid has passed...leave nothing to the economy.|Dr. Thitima Chucherd Economic Intelligence Center (EIC), Siam Commercial Bank Bang Khun Phrom invites readers to wish a Happy New Year. success I am glad that now that the world is back to living with COVID, I would like to think about what COVID has passed, what to leave to the economy? The COVID crisis is more special than ever because it has hit the whole world. Production and service activities in each country were affected. Many businesses and workers have to adapt to survive. The COVID crisis has accelerated the country's productivity through finding new balances. Re-optimization of work processes and business models, such as working online. Using digital marketing platforms and real-time supply chain tracking systems, the COVID crisis has also contributed to a decline in national productivity through multiple channels. For example, abandoned workforce skills, the COVID crisis dragged on for a few years, forcing many companies to shut down or reduce their workforce. Workers must leave their jobs. Getting back into the labor market may not be easy. If the original skills are not sharpened to meet the needs of the labor market. Some people may switch to other jobs even if their income is not as large as before. The COVID crisis has affected the structure of the labor market and reduced overall labor productivity. The COVID crisis has been unpredictable. Businesses that survive If you are preparing to plan for investment expansion going forward, you must be in case of severe events, but the chances of this happening are not so great, because this may cause businesses to be convinced that they need to set aside cash or liquid assets in case of emergency use, as they did during the COVID crisis. As a result, the overall savings of the country should remain higher than the previous trend for a while. ON THE OTHER HAND, THE OVERALL INVESTMENT PICTURE OF THE COUNTRY WILL BE LOWER THAN IT SHOULD BE, AFFECTING INVESTMENT TO ACCUMULATE CAPITAL FACTORS THAT WILL HELP INCREASE THE COUNTRY'S PRODUCTIVITY. All countries have rushed to implement government measures to help support businesses that have almost fallen throughout covid, such as debt suspension, debt reduction, and low-interest revolving loans. Help maintain business status from bad debts. These measures help companies that still have potential but have temporarily fallen to stand up. But these measures also help breathe life into the zombie company's survival. It's not profitable anymore. The COVID crisis has contributed to the country's capital not being allocated to businesses that create added value to the economy. Most countries are out of the COVID crisis with increased debt. This includes government debt, business debt, and household debt. The government's high debt will leave little fiscal space under the fiscal sustainability ceiling. Limited budgets must be allocated to invest in increasing the country's potential, businesses with high debts, defaulting will have limited access to loans for reinvestment. High-debt households will have to clear their debts, have to reduce their spending, and are not ready to invest much in their skills for the future until COVID passes. Economic policy on supply and demand is important, not only to accelerate the recovery of the economy to the original trend, but also to accelerate policies to reduce covid scars on the potential of the economy, such as upgrading labor skills and allocating funds to businesses of all sizes that still have potential. Solving the debt problem in the new year will be the starting point for workers and businesses to gain a foothold in their strategies to increase self-productivity. Together with government policies to cure COVID scars All parties will help the country survive the crisis with long COVID.
ttb analytics expects 2023 farmers' income for 5 cash crops to fall by 4.7%|ttb analytics expects 2023 farmers' income for 5 economic crops to be 833 billion baht. TTB Analytics expects that in 2023, farmers' incomes from thailand's five main economic crops will decrease by 4.7% to 833 billion baht due to farmers' incomes from industrial crops such as oil palm and rubber. It fell 32.6% and 15.8% in response to a slowdown in the global economy. As a result, durable goods slowed down and prices for crops used in both industries also fell, while farmers' incomes from cooking crops such as sugarcane, rice and cassava are expected to continue to improve. It is expected to expand by 18.4%, 7.7% and 5.4%, respectively, as demand increases both domestically and internationally. As a result of the reopening of the country, economic activity returned to normal levels. After the COVID-19 pandemic that caused the country to close for a long time in the past 3 years, the income trend of farmers 5 economic crops in 2023Oil palm: In 2023, farmers' income is expected to decrease by 32.6% to 095 billion baht. THE INCREASE IN OUTPUT IS DUE TO THE STEADY RISE IN OIL PALM PRICES OVER THE PAST 3 YEARS (FROM 2020-2022), INCENTIVIZING FARMERS TO EXPAND THEIR ACREAGE, BUT THE DECLINE IN OIL PALM PRICES DUE TO THE LA NIÑA PHENOMENON HAS CAUSED A LOT OF RAINFALL IN THE WORLD'S LARGEST PALM PRODUCER COASTAL AREAS, INCLUDING INDONESIA AND MALAYSIA. As a result, the world's oil palm production has increased, thus decreasing the price of oil palm. However, the average price of palm oil in 2023 at 5 baht per kilogram is still high compared to the price 3 years before rubber: in 2023, it is expected that farmers' income will decrease by 15.8% to 217 billion baht. Rubber prices are expected to decline by 15.8% from 2021-2022, with prices rising by 22.7% and 1.5%, respectively. Rubber prices have been benefited by rising crude oil prices, causing tire manufacturers to shift their use of synthetic rubber to natural rubber, as well as increased demand for rubber to produce medical gloves due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, in 2023, a slowdown in the global economy will result in a decrease in demand for rubber used in the automotive industry. As a result, the price of rubber fell. Paddy: In 2023, farmers' income is expected to expand by 7.7% to 311 billion baht. Rice production will increase by 3.4% and paddy prices (15% humidity) will increase by 4.2%. Thai rice remains in demand in both domestic and international sugarcane markets: In 2023, farmers' income is expected to expand by 18.4% to 120 billion baht. Volume of output and prices are expected to increase by 12.6% and 5.2%, respectively. The increase in sugarcane prices was due to the cooperation of 3 sugar mills associations, namely the Thai Sugar Mills Association, the Thai Sugar Producers and Bioenergy Manufacturers Association, and the Sugar Industry Trade Association. Therefore, incentivizing farmers to expand their acreage to grow more cassava: In 2023, farmers' income is expected to expand by 5.4% to 090 billion baht. Output and prices are expected to increase by 2.2% and 3.1%, respectively. The reason why the volume of output is increasing is due to the rising trend in the price of fresh oily tubers. Incentivizing farmers to plant more, cassava prices are expected to continue to improve. Given the demand for processing into noodles, pellets, tapioca starch and ethanol, and the demand from trading partners, especially China, which is the main trading partner with the opening of the country, it will be found that the trend in 2023 for agricultural crops used for cooking will continue to grow. The increase in demand for food due to the reopening of the country has brought global economic activity back to normal levels while industrial crops have slowed down. As a result, the price tends to fall. This is due to the slowdown in the global economy. As a result, demand for industrial products has slowed down as well. It's not. High production costs, such as chemical fertilizer prices, fuel prices, as well as the strengthening and volatile baht direction, will be pressure factors that affect the net income of farmers. Farmers are encouraged to reduce costs by increasing the proportion of organic fertilizers used in cultivation. In addition, a list of cultivation costs such as chemical fertilizers, seeds, labor, and pumping should be prepared. Sowing costs, tillage fees, etc., to know the cost of cultivation, which can be taken into account to reduce production costs while The government should encourage farmers to use tailor-made fertilizers, which are mixed fertilizers to match soil conditions and plant needs. Encouraging farmers to use chemical fertilizers and blended organic fertilizers, which will reduce the cost of chemical fertilizers. It can increase productivity and increase market bargaining power. The government should consider using the aid budget as appropriate for the baht outlook for 2023, which is expected to be strong and highly volatile. AGRICULTURAL EXPORTERS SHOULD CONSIDER RISK MANAGEMENT BY INSURING FOREIGN EXCHANGE TO LOCK IN PROFITS FROM SALES, WHICH WILL FURTHER HELP MAINTAIN THE NET INCOME OF FARMERS.
The largest bank in the Middle East Consider acquiring Standard Chartered|Bloomberg news agency reported that First Abu Dhabi Bank of the United Arab Emirates (FAB), the largest bank in the Middle East Standard Chartered has been considering a full acquisition of British financial institution Standard Chartered for more than six months now, working with a consultant, but there is no formal way for a potential deal, it will be the largest foreign acquisition by an Arab company and one of the largest bank mergers in decades. The FAB is owned by Abu Dhabi's National Wealth Fund, Mubadala Investment, and a member of the Al Nahyan family, the world's richest Emirates district ruler, with assets worth $300 billion after the report came out, resulting in a 6.8% rise in STAN's share price (London Stock Exchange, January 5, 2023), according to Bloomberg.
Electricity bills are definitely cheaper, the KGB reiterates the reduction of monthly electricity charges effective January 2023.|Electricity bills are definitely cheaper, the KGB reiterates the reduction of monthly electricity bills effective January 6, 2023, the reporter reported that the Office of the Energy Regulatory Commission or KGB has announced that the electricity bill will be reduced. It states that the monthly fee for small power users Small businesses and agricultural pumping businesses are now in effect, with a new monthly service fee discount effective in the monthly billing cycle. In accordance with the resolution of the Meeting No. 51/2022 (No. 818) on November 9, 2022, the Energy Regulatory Commission has reviewed the monthly rates. After listening to the opinions of stakeholders. During 3-17 October 2022, it was agreed to adjust the monthly tariff according to the cost of printing units that the Electricity Authority can actually reduce in order to be appropriate. IN ADDITION TO BEING FAIR TO ELECTRICITY USERS, IT CAN ALSO HELP REDUCE THE COST OF LIVING IN ANOTHER WAY FOR THE GRANTEE TO COVER 3 TYPES OF ELECTRICITY USERS: SPONSORED1. The residential house type uses more than 150 units. 2. Small businesses with low pressure from 46.16 baht per month to 33.29 baht per month3. For agricultural pumping, the TOU rate increased from 228.17 baht per month to 204.07 baht per month.
Good news, announcement of "oil price reduction" Some sohol groups 30 satang/litre|Announcement to reduce "oil price" only gasohol 95, 91, E20 down 30 Sat. As for the "diesel group", the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 6th. Jan 2023 Reporter reports that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 30 satang/litre for gasohol 95, 91, E20. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on the 7th GSH95S EVO at 34.45 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.18 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 42.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Today, more than 1 trillion are transferred across borders through Ripple's blockchain network. |Blockchain technology has become very attractive to the financial sector. The global money transfer system, founded in 1973, has recently been used as a Western tool to sanction Russia, and now tech companies like Ripple, founded in 2012, use blockchain in hopes of revolutionizing the traditional way of moving money across borders that are both slow and costly. It takes more than 2-3 days to reach your destination. In 2018, Ripple expanded its RippleNet network by developing a solution called On-Demand Liquidity (ODL) along with XRP to connect two fiat currencies to make international money transfers, which allows for smooth and fast transfer of value between markets. This solution has resulted in the opposite of the traditional process of sending payments and waiting days to get paid, and is a transparent and verifiable process. Expanded to cover more than 40 countries around the world, Mr. Brooks Entvisle Senior Vice President and Managing Director Ripple revealed to Thairath Money that the adoption of On-Demand Liquidity has grown significantly, with 2022 expanding to more than 40 markets worldwide, from 2020 to only 3 countries. This will help Ripple become a major player in the global financial markets, shaping its Go to market strategy through global partnerships over the growing popularity of blockchain technology in the financial industry. It is also a key factor, which clearly reinforces that Ripple is well positioned as a new player in technology development. Innovative finance that could transform the global payments industry Ripple currently has offices around the world in San Francisco, New York, London, Iceland, Dubai, India, Singapore, Australia and Japan, in order to quickly bring its technology to the market (Go to market) Ripple has partnered with financial institutions and innovation companies in several countries, including Thailand, to discuss the possibility of participating in the CBDC pilot program in the future.
Check before trading Stock Exchange and TFEC Announced the re-adjustment of trading criteria starting Q1 this year. |Mr. Bhakar Pitawatchai Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) said it has updated its rules relating to securities trading in line with the new trading system that will be launched in the quarter. This includes reviewing existing rules and improving them to suit current business conditions and to be more consistent with international practices. The essence of the revised criteria can be summarized as follows: Adjust the equilibrium price criteria in accordance with the new trading system and practices of foreign stock exchanges. The opening and closing prices may be outside the ceiling and floor ranges of ±1 price range. Originally set to be within the price range not exceeding Ceiling & Floor, add the P (Pause) mark for cases where trading supervision measures are applied to securities whose trading conditions are inconsistent with normal market conditions. In order to provide clarity to investors to add overnight orders, investors can submit Good till Cancel (GTC) or Good till Date (GTD) orders, where unmatched orders will remain in the SET's trading system until cancelled or until the date specified by the sender of the order, but not later than 30 days, adjusting the ceiling & floor threshold of foreign shares to no more than ±60% of the reference price for all trading methods. Foreign shares are currently traded by trade report method for large transactions (i.e. the number of securities of 1 million units or more or a turnover of 3 million baht or more). ±Sponsored cancels trading of derivatives warrants (DW), also known as "odd lots", which are trading DW below 100 units. There are also additional rules for the SET to cancel orders in the event of a system failure. Managing Director The Futures Market (Thailand) said it has updated its rules relating to futures trading in line with the new trading system with equilibrium price adjustments, which will be in line with the new trading system and international market practices. The opening price may be outside the ceiling and floor price range by ±1 price range. Originally set to be within the price frame not exceeding Ceiling & Floor updated the order type, which improved the outstanding duration of good till cancel (GTC) or Good till Date (GTD) to 255 days, and added session state orders, which allows investors to set orders to take effect when a specific trading period (Session Trigger) can be set from the original condition that can only be conditioned on price triggers, improve the circuit breaker for commodity futures, currency futures and interest rate futures by reducing the trading stoppage period to 2 minutes. The revised rules will also be in effect with the introduction of a new trading system within the quarter. 1 of 2023.
File your 2022 tax online and personal income tax deduction what you should know|Here are some ways to file your 2022 tax online, including personal income tax deductions that you should know who needs to file taxes. The law states that- All Thais who are single, earn and earn more than 120,000 baht per year or an average of 10,000 baht per month must be responsible for filing taxes. All Thais in case of marriage, income and income exceeding 220,000 baht per year or an average of 18,333 baht per month must be obliged to file tax documents that should be prepared before filing tax- Name, surname of the tax filer and spouse- Tax ID number of the working company or employer who pays other wages. Amounts paid to funds such as provident fund, SSF, RMF, LTF, Social Security Fund, National Savings Fund, etc. - Certificate of withholding tax or Certificate 50 bis- Id card number of spouse, child, parents who are submitted for tax deduction, certificate of payment of life insurance premiums of the tax filer, and health insurance of the parents who are used to file tax deductions- Other tax deduction information such as receipts or certificates of donation to medical institutions or foundations designated SPONSORED to file the 2022 personal income tax online via the Revenue Website (click here) can be filed from now until April 10, 2023. P.N.D. 90 or P.N.D. 91 D. The differences are as follows: Income received from employment, including other income such as interest from investments, house rent, dividends, or simply income from other channels other than salary P.N.D.91: Income derived from employment alone, such as salary, bonus, meeting allowance, etc., for the 2022 tax deduction is as follows: Group deduction for personal expenses - Personal deduction 60,000 baht - Deduction for each spouse 60,000 baht (maximum 1 person allowed)- Child allowance (2nd person onwards) 30,000 - 60,000 baht per person - parental allowance 30,000 baht per person - disability allowance 60,000 baht per person - antenatal and childbirth expenses as actually paid but not exceeding 60,000 baht per pregnancy, group premiums - life insurance premiums or deposits with life insurance as actually paid but not exceeding 100,000 baht - health insurance premiums for parents as actually paid but not exceeding 15,000 baht - self-health insurance premiums as actually paid but not exceeding 25,000 baht - annuity life insurance premiums as actually paid but not exceeding 15% of taxable income but not exceeding 200,000 baht. Private School Teachers' Allowance Fund and RMF must not exceed 500,000 baht. B. Provident Fund Private School Teachers' Allowance Fund as actually paid but not exceeding 15% of income and when combined, the total must not exceed 500,000 baht - Invest in retirement mutual fund or RMF as actually paid but not exceeding 30% of income. If combined with B.B. Provident Fund Private School Teachers' Relief Fund must not exceed 500,000 baht - Invest in mutual fund for savings or SSF as actually paid, but not exceeding 30% of income and not exceeding 200,000 baht when combined with provident fund. PRIVATE SCHOOL TEACHERS' RELIEF FUND AND NOT EXCEEDING 500,000 BAHT WHEN COMBINED WITH RMF, ANNUITY PREMIUMS AND NATIONAL SAVINGS FUND OR KOCH SPONSORED- Invest in the National Savings Fund or THE GOC as actually paid, but not exceeding 13,200 baht. Private School Teachers' Relief Fund and RMF and pension premiums must not exceed 500,000 baht - Social security payments as actually paid but not exceeding 6,300 baht Tax deduction according to government measures - Interest on housing purchases as actually paid but not exceeding 100,000 baht - Shop Dee Me Back 2022 as actually paid but not exceeding 30,000 baht - Business investments in social enterprises or social enterprises as actually paid but not exceeding 100,000 baht Deductions in donation groups - General donations as actually paid but not exceeding 10% of all other post-deduction income - Donations for education, sports, social development and public hospitals 2 times the amount actually paid but not exceeding 10% of the income after deduction (except general donations) SPONSORED- Political party donations as actually paid, but not exceeding 10,000 baht
Move forward to raise the sweetness tax according to the sugar content up to 5 baht per liter starting April 1.|"Excise" moves forward to raise the sweetness tax rate phase 3 as required by law as a stepping stone D-Day 1 April 2023 Store according to the sugar content up to 5 baht per liter. After a 6-month extension, the MINISTRY released figures for revenue collection in the first two months of the fiscal year of 424,738 million baht, higher than the target. 15%Mr. Ekniti Nititanprapas Director General of Excise Department In fiscal year 2023, excise will continue to collect sweetness tax as required by law. After postponing the 3rd phase of the sweetness tax hike according to the sugar content for 6 months according to the cabinet resolution from October 1, 2022 - 31 October 2022. Mar66 Therefore, from April 1, 2023, excise will raise the sweetness tax phase 3 at the rate specified by law. The law provides for stepped-up taxation. Currently, the tax rate in phase 2 is 6-8 grams of sugar at 0.1 baht per liter, and 8-10 grams of sugar is charged at 0.3 baht per liter. 10-14 grams of sugar will be charged at 1 baht per liter. 14-18 grams of sugar will be charged at 3 baht per liter. Sugar content from 18 grams will be charged at 5 baht per liter. This will be collected until March 31, 2023, and from April 1, 2023, the sweetness tax will be collected. 8-10 grams of sugar will be charged at 1 baht per liter. 10-14 grams of sugar will be charged at 3 baht per liter. 14-18 grams of sugar will be charged at 5 baht per liter. Sugar content from 18 grams will be charged at 5 baht per liter. Phase 4 will be stored from April 1, 2025 onwards. THE DETAILS OF THE COLLECTION ARE UNDER CONSIDERATION SPONSORED"S SWEETNESS TAXATION. It does not increase the government's income much, but the purpose is to take care of the health of the people. Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, director of the Office of Fiscal Economics (NESDB), as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance, said that in the first two months of fiscal year 2023 (October-November 2022), the government collected net income of 424,738 million baht, 15% higher than the budget document estimate of 55,418 million baht or 15% and 18.5% higher than the same period last year. Corporate income tax and personal income tax have been increased in accordance with the expansion of the economy, and 4. The Customs Department has retroactively paid import duties according to the judgment of the case. Meanwhile, the revenue collection of the Excise Department was lower than the estimate due to the reduction of the diesel excise tax rate. In order to temporarily mitigate the impact on people's living expenses from the high price of crude oil in the global market, Mr. Pornchai continued that for the overall revenue collection of 3 tax departments, namely the Revenue Department. Excise and Customs Department during the first 2 months of fiscal year 2023 (Oct-Nov 22) The Revenue Department collected total revenue of Baht 275,652 million, higher than the same period last year of Baht 24,399 million or 9.7% and higher than the budget document estimate of Baht 16,138 million or 6.2%. The revenue collection was 27,365 million baht, 60.7% higher than the same period last year, and 9,465 million baht or 52.9% higher than the budget document's estimate of 11,408 million baht or 26.3% higher than the budget document estimate of 17,141 million baht or 45.6%. Revenue of Baht 46,186 million was higher than the same period last year of Baht 27,483 million or 146.9% and higher than the budget document estimate of Baht 25,628 million or 124.7%. The government has a total revenue of 415,312 million baht. Meanwhile, a total budget disbursement of 760,611 million baht was made. The government has borrowed 80,394 million baht to offset the deficit. As a result, the treasury at the end of the month. November 2022 totaled 296,305 million baht.
Looking at business trends in 2023 "Travel - Lifestyle - Environment"|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that the Department of Business Development has been assigned to analyze business trends in 2023 by using business data for 2022 together with business registration statistics, financial statements and operating results. Other economic factors and business environment found that businesses with a bright direction in 2023 had 3 groups of 8 businesses, comprising group 1, businesses related to lifestyle (lifestyle) in line with the lifestyle of today's consumers who emphasized convenience. It is divided into 4 business types: frozen food such as aquatic animals; In 2022, there were 99 newly established businesses, an increase of 87% from 2021, with a registered capital of 321 million baht. 2. Health and beauty businesses such as medical services, spas and beauty salons, and fitness facilities in 2022 were newly established with 1,262 customers, an increase of 70%, with a total registered capital of 2,787 million baht. 3. Herbal medicine business, such as growing plants used as medicines and 4. Businesses related to pets, such as pet care and animal feed, in 2022, 468 new establishments, an increase of 36%, registered capital of 2,796 million baht, group 2, tourism, meetings, catering, benefited from the relaxation of COVID-19 control measures. Tourism Promotion Policy Promote meetings and trade shows in the country. China's opening of the country by 2 types of promising businesses are 1.Tourism business such as tourism, hotels, resorts, guesthouses, restaurants, and travel-related businesses of foreign tourists, with 4,852 newly established in 2022, an increase of 82%, with a total registered capital of 11,003 million baht, and 2.Business related to events, conferences, etc. Related activities such as banquets, conferences, business/product shows, photography, by 2022, 1,830 newly established customers, an increase of 20%, with a total registered capital of 2,773 million bahtSPONSORED Group 3, environmentally conscious businesses. From global market trends, competition for product development with a focus on environmental protection. Resource management for cost-effectiveness There are 2 types of related businesses: 1. Environmental management business, such as the reuse of used materials. In 2022, 133 new customers were established, an increase of 51%, with a total registered capital of 405 million baht, and 2.Electric vehicle business, such as the production of personal vehicles and other vehicles, the production of electronic circuit boards, batteries and related equipment, in 2022, 62 newly established, an increase of 55%, and a total registered capital of 5,923 million baht. As of December 31, 2022 The 8 types of businesses retained a total of 94,035 with registered capital of 1.326 trillion baht.
Gold price today, 7 January 2023, opened on Saturday morning, jumped 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opened on Saturday morning, January 7, 2023, the price increased by 100 baht for the price of "gold bullion", sold out at 29,750 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,250 baht per baht. On January 7, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.09 a.m., the price of gold rose by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,650 baht, selling out 29,750 baht, "gold jewelry" buying 29,122.36 baht, selling out 30,250 baht, gold price today 2 shillings, 50 satang, 2 gold bars, buying 14,825 baht, selling out 14,875 baht, gold jewelry 2 shilling, buying 14,556.18 baht, selling out 15,125 baht, buying 1 gold bullion 1 slueng, buying 7,412.5 baht, selling out 7,437.50 baht, buying 7,278.09 baht. Sell out 7,562.50 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,706.25 Baht Sell Out 3,718.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,639.04 Baht Sold out 3,781.25 Baht, however, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Jack Ma relinquishes the executive seat of Ant Group, the owner of Alipay, the world's largest mobile payment platform.|Jack Ma, founder of Ant Group, a financial conglomerate known as the owner of Alipay, the world's largest mobile payment platform, will waive control of the company, international media reported. After shareholders agreed to implement a series of internal adjustments that forced him to relinquish almost all voting rights, the move came after Beijing's unprecedented technological crackdown. Ant Group's $37 billion IPO on the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Exchange in late 2020 led to a major restructuring of financial technology company Ant Group, a financial technology conglomerate affiliated with Alibaba, in which Jack Ma holds a 10% stake in Ant. This will make it no longer a situation where direct or indirect shareholders have sole or joint control over Ant Group, according to Reuters.
"KTC" Launch business plan for 2023, win 70 years, profit soars to tens of billions!|KTC has made a big adjustment to a strong organization, ready for change! After another 3 years (68-70 years), the profit had to reach the level of ten billion. In 2023, the company aims to grow spending via credit card by 10% or about 264 billion baht. With 180,000 new card applicants, "KTC PROUD" cash card loan portfolio grew by 7%. Brother Bum Money changer" increased by 9,100 million baht. The Chief Executive Officer of "KTC" or Krungthai Card Public Company Limited (KTC) revealed that the year 66 will be a year of great change for KTC. The organization structure, strategy, processes, technology, products and services to drive KTC to a strong corporate foundation under the concept of "A Transition to the New Foundation", especially the development of the mindset of people in the organization to have the same DNA, is the most important thing that we have been trying to take care of and develop since joining KTC. In addition to the 3 core values that KTC people adhere to as a way of working, which are: 1. Be brave to do the right thing. 2.Make it simple, not complicated, and 3.Do something meaningful and useful. From now on, we will aim to strengthen the trust culture within the organization in order to pass this trust on to members, organizations, shareholders and society"This year continues in 2024, which will be the transition period of KTC's CEO, because I will complete 2 terms of 8 years as CEO, which has laid the foundation for the organization and put a new management team into operation. Business Because KTC has flagged that in 2023-2024, profits will continue to reach new record highs (New High). continue After another 3 years (years 68–70) "SPONSORED, Mr. Ratian said that for the business direction of 2023, KTC will begin to transform the organization into a flat organi zation structure and have more new units, and will integrate IT (Information Technology) as an important part of driving the organization's strategy to concrete actions in 3 dimensions: 1. Enterprise Architecture, structure management to be consistent and aligned in business, IT and operating systems, 2. Enterprise Skill Assets to encourage KTC people to develop key skills, and 3. Enterprise Data Assets, data management that covers the entire process, from planning, storage, access to data to data destruction, emphasizing security, accuracy, transparency, so that KTC has a quality database, supporting efficient operations and profitability. KTC's business operations are divided into 3 groups: existing: credit card business and unsecured loan business. New business segments that are expected to make leaps and bounds in revenue (New S Curve) i.e. car loan exchange KTC and Krungthai Business Leasing and business model groups that are in the process of incubation. "The credit card business is still the main business that KTC cares about, with almost all spending categories growing higher than in 2019 before the COVID-19 crisis. Brother Bum Money changers" and "KTC PROUD" filled the demand, but admitted that the credit market was changing rapidly and there was fierce competition from banks and nonbanks." Chief Credit Card Marketing Officer Said that the company aims to grow its credit card business by 10% or 264 billion baht in credit card spending in 2023. It is expected that 180,000 new cards will be signed up, and the credit card marketing strategy will focus on the Less is MORE concept. By streamlining the process of working in the marketing team. The 5 key pillars are: 1. Managing the customer portfolio to be as high quality as possible. By creating marketing programs for customers to spend continuously and implementing automation systems to manage relationships with cardmembers. 2. Focus on expanding the monthly income group from 50,000-200,000 baht or more3. Organize spending stimulus programs that meet the needs of KTC card member base. Focus on 3 main spending categories: restaurants and restaurants in hotels, online shopping and travel. 4. Cooperate with local partners Organize marketing campaigns to expand the cardholder base in upcountry. 5. Manage marketing communications for maximum effectiveness By focusing on content marketing both online and offline to create brand awareness of KTC. To reach a more target audience on Ms. Ruankaew. Kasemsawatsri, Chief Executive Officer The auto loan division said that the car loan business exchanged money "KTC The company aims to achieve 9,100 million baht in loan approvals in 2023. From this year, it is expected to reach around 1,000 million baht. As a result, the loan portfolio for car registration outstanding in 2023 will be 10,000 million baht. It will focus on continuously expanding its credit portfolio and providing opportunities for new customers with limited documentation and income. Krungthai Bank's more than 900 branches nationwide will be the main channel for recruitment, including The Pao Tang app. IT WILL ALSO FOCUS ON COMMUNICATION TO CREATE AWARENESS OF CREDIT PRODUCTS." Brother Bum Through offline and online channels to various major platforms to reach a wide target audience, especially customers in upcountry. Brother Bum It is open to all occupational groups, especially those who make a living fighting for their lives, and those who do not have access to large loans from other financial institutions. Jitpentham, Chief Executive Officer The Personal Loan Division said that for the cash card loan business "KTC PROUD". It is expected that the personal loan receivable portfolio by the end of 2023 will grow by 7% and the number of new KTC PROUD members will increase to 110,000. Starting with the opening of channels for customers to apply for loans online in person through the mobile app and online cash withdrawal channels via the KTC Mobile app. It has also added a PromptPay account to transfer funds. In addition to transferring funds to 15 bank accounts, as well as continuing to build bonds between KTC and its members. By expanding the vocational seminar activities to increase income and promote discipline in payment through the "Clear Debt" project, which has received good feedback from customers.
Loan scam app is heavily plagued by logo impersonation The bot deceives the borrower.|The Bank of Thailand (BOT) has warned the public that there are more applications pretending to be loan service providers and scamming people through SMS, Line, Facebook, loan apps and phones. No guarantor is required. Borrow money within 5 minutes with low interest Use few documents As far as the investigation revealed, it was found that most of them are fraudulent loan apps that do not lend real money by tricking them into paying the processing fee for lending, and if they want to cancel the loan, they must cancel with the BOT, which confirms that the BOT is the regulator, will not transact directly with the public in all cases. In addition, the latest There was also a group of fraudsters pretending to be authorized loan providers. Or use the logo of the BOT and other government agencies to build credibility. In the past, digital financial service providers or digital loans have been allowed as an alternative to additional loans. Don't be fooled by scammers, make sure they're properly licensed to do business. You can check your authorized service provider through https://www.bot.or.th/Thai/ConsumerInfo/Fraud/Pages/BOTLicensedLoan.aspx or ask the Financial Provider Protection Center. Call 1213 BEFORE DECIDING TO PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION OR TRANSFER ANY FUNDS.SPONSORED
NT plans to invest 13 billion baht|Col. Sapphachai National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT) President Huvanand revealed that NT has proposed plans to invest more than 13 billion baht in services on the 700 MHz and 26 GHz bands. Proceedings of the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board (NESDB) On January 19, 2023, to prepare a proposal for the next cabinet meeting. It is expected to be at the end of the month. "Investing in the 700 MHz band, which has been delayed for more than two years, has caused us an accounting loss of over 6.6 billion baht. After auctioning the wave on February 16, 2020, the amount of 10 MHz worth 34,306 million baht. The investment will also support NT's mobile customers of 2.7 million numbers currently on the 850 MHz band, whose license expires in 2025, and would like to understand that NT's investment will not compete with the private sector because it cannot compete, but will focus on potential markets such as the corporate market, which is a government agency," sponsored, while the 26 GHz investment plan is a 5G Enterprise Private Network investment to serve Delta Electronics (Thailand) at its first plant in Bangpoo Industrial Estate with a limit of 2,000-3,000 million baht. "The 700 MHz project is expected to have a return of 7%, while the 26 GHz project is expected to have a return of around 20%."
TAT to hold 3-year Chinese roadshow to revive 500 billion Chinese tourism market|Mr. Chuvit Sirivejkul Regional Director, East Asia Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) The TAT is preparing to hold a promotional roadshow in China during the third week of February 2023 in three major cities: Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chengdu. A total of 120 thai and chinese tour operators, including 60 from Thailand and 60 from China, will be invited to prepare thai travel packages. Offered to Chinese tourists for both self-guided travel groups (FIT) and prepared for sale for group tours. It was the first return to China roadshows in three years since the COVID-19 crisis. After China's opening, effective from January 8, 2023 onwards. Chinese self-guided tourists (FIT) are now able to travel internationally, which is an overview of the structure of the Chinese tourist market before COVID-19. But if you look only at large cities such as Shanghai as FIT group up to 80-90%, Beijing has FIT group 60-70%. On Jan. 11, "Ctrip", the largest online travel company in China, announced that it had launched a new online travel agency. Prepare to organize a marketing campaign to sell travel packages in advance (presales). The CEO will livestream the sale of Thai travel packages through social media platforms such as Douyin (Tiktok in China) and Weibo. The airline from China will resume operations on the Thai-Chinese route from January 18, 2023 to the end of the 2022/2023 winter schedule during the 3rd week of March. THE YEAR BEFORE THE COVID-19 CRISIS WAS THE HIGHEST YEAR FOR CHINESE TOURISTS TO THAILAND AT A RECORD HIGH OF 11 MILLION. Generated revenue of over 531,000 million baht It accounts for 27% of both the number and revenue of the international market with nearly 40 million foreign tourists, generating 2 trillion baht in revenue.
Gold price today, 9 January 2023, opened Monday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The "Gold Bullion" price was sold at 29,800 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,300 baht on January 9, 2023. "Gold jewelry" buys 29,167.84 baht per baht and sells out 30,300 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,850 baht sell out 14,900 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,583.92 baht sell out 15,150 baht gold price today 1 slung gold bullion buy 7,425 baht sell out 7,450 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,291.96 baht sell out 7,575 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.5 baht sell out 3,725 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,645.98 baht sell out 3,787.5 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, January 9, 2023, ended the morning up 12.80 points, the index was at 1,686 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 12.80. The index is at 1,686.66. Turnover 43,354.54 On January 9, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 12.80, a change of 0.76%, to 1,686.66. The turnover was 43,354.54 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 3. Muang Thai Capital Public Company Limited 4. Srisawat Company Corporation Public Company Limited 5. Banpu Public Company Limited.
TrueID pulls "Lisa Blackpink" as presenter, reaffirming its image as a content leader|TrueID pulled "Lisa Blackpink" as presenter, reaffirming World-Class Smart Entertainment on Jan. 9, 2023 Mr. George Cheng, Group Managing Director of Digital Media, True Digital Group, said that this is another important step for TrueID, the world's content leader. Rise again. It is a proud to have a world-class superstar with beautiful, smart, influential music and fashion to reinforce TrueID's image as a leading global brand that currently covers Southeast Asia, including Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia and Myanmar. We've had great feedback. After the launch of the TrueID advertising film, TrueID has brought world-class entertainment for Thai people, including movies, music, series, sports, news, both Thai dub and Thai subtitles, as well as exclusive content of BLACKPINK and many other content from artists under YG Entertainment to enjoy world-class entertainment and be ready to deliver special privileges that resonate with you throughout 2023. Nowadays, TrueID fully supports all platforms, including smartphones. Website Watching TV at home or on mobile devices reflects TrueID's ability to deliver an unparalleled world-class entertainment experience for Thais.
Petrol price today 7 Jan 2023 Updated fuel price 4 pumps Latest price How many baht per liter|"Today's Oil Price" 7 Jan 23 Updated prices for all types of petrol, sohol, diesel from 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per liter on the 7th day. January 2023 Reporter reports oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.45 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.18 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht/liter. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.24 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 39.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline E20 at 34.86 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 34.18 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter OF High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of High Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of HIGH-Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 42.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of HIGH-Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of HIGH-Premium Diesel 91 at 34.18 Baht/liter of Gasohol E20 at 32.45 Baht/liter of HIGH-PREMIUM Diesel 97 at 42.1854 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 32.84 baht/liter Shell Fusev Gasohol 91 at 34.48 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 34.75 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.24 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell Fusesafe Diesel B7 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter 5.54 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.18 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.45 baht/litre Diesel at 34.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 34.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 42.24 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/litre.
Thai stocks today, January 9, 2023, ended the afternoon up 17.26 points, the index was at 1,691 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 17.26. The index is at 1,691.12. Turnover 78,508.44 On January 9, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 17.26, a change of 1.03%, to 1,691.12. The index peaked at 1,693.42. The index is at a low of 1,684.90. The turnover was 78,508.44 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 3. Muang Thai Capital Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Highlights trends and challenges of the "Thai labor market" in the Year of the Rabbit|The Year of the Tiger has passed. The Thai labor market began to recover in line with the economy. In part, it has benefited from the tourism and hospitality sector being able to open its eyes and open its mouth. Thailand's unemployment rate fell for four consecutive quarters to 1.2%, close to the pre-COVID average of around 1%, from its highest level since the outbreak of COVID-19 at 2.3% in Q3 2021. The number of people working is low, the level and average working hours have also improved. While the figures may seem to be improving, looking ahead, uncertainty awaits both from external and domestic factors. Therefore, this article would like to follow up on the challenges of the Thai labor market throughout the new year, Challenge 1 Employment recovery is fragile and not thorough in the next phase, despite the overall situation of the labor market. For example, employment in the hotel sector, which is still about 100,000 people lower than before the pandemic, will gradually improve due to the support from the good recovery of tourism, the number of foreign tourists accelerated due to the high demand for tourism, and China canceled the Zero-COVID policy. THIS DIRECTLY AFFECTS EMPLOYMENT IN THE TOURISM AND LABOR-INTENSIVE SERVICES SECTORS. The global economy has slowed considerably under heightened uncertainty. Some major countries (such as the U.S. and Europe) will enter a recession, causing Thai exports and investment to slow down. Industrial employment may therefore be vulnerable to a slower and more vulnerable recovery. The 2 labor challenges and shortage of COVID crisis have resulted in around 600,000 workers leaving the social security system (M.33), which is widespread in all industries. This reflects that workers returning to the agricultural sector after losing their jobs during the pandemic have not fully returned to non-farm work, although some agricultural workers are gradually returning to non-farm work this year. Due to the recovery of the tourism and service sectors, coupled with the prospect of agricultural income growth slowing down compared to 2022, this recovery may take some time. Former private workers, including migrant workers, have shifted to self-employment until recently 1.5 million more than before COVID. In addition, the number of unemployed people who have never worked is much higher than before COVID. More than 75% of young workers reflect the barriers to finding a new job and may seek freelance work instead.2. Migrant workers have started returning to work after a decline of 6.5 lakh in 2021, but still below pre-Covid levels of around 1.4 lakh. As a result, businesses (especially in Bangkok, where migrant workers are most absent) find it harder to find workers during the period when economic activity begins to return. Labor shortages in the hotel and service sectors, as well as businesses that used to rely heavily on foreign workers, may have to pay more labor costs in the short term if they have to switch from hiring migrant workers to Thai workers, whose wages are more expensive than the 3 challenges of (still) expensive. Although inflation has slowed somewhat this year, it may not be so fast due to high energy prices, and the economy is in a period of rising interest rates, aggravating the cost burden. Even as the average number of hours worked began to return to pre-COVID levels, overall labor income recovered. However, when looking at the real income of private employees (minus inflation), it grew by only 0.8% in the second quarter and contracted by -0.8% in the third quarter of 2022, reflecting the purchasing power of workers that is still worrisome. In particular, self-employed workers whose income security and welfare are less than those in the system and may not benefit from minimum wage hikes like employment in the SPONSORED system These labor market recovery challenges are urgent for stakeholders to carefully consider issuing short- and long-term measures to support changes in the labor market structure in line with the Thai economic recovery after the crisis, with the hope that the Thai economy in the rabbit year will jump higher than the www.scbeic.com EICeic@scb.co.th tiger year. 
GIT reveals risk factors for gem and jewelry exports|Mr. Sumet Prasongpongchai The director of the National Gem and Jewelry Research and Development Institute (GIT) revealed that this year, GIT advises entrepreneurs to be cautious in their business operations as there may still be a lack of supporting factors. As a result, the growth rate of gem and jewelry exports has decreased. Global inflation remains high and the cost of living is rising. Gaining global consumer purchasing power and the resumption of the COVID-19 pandemic As a result, the economy is not growing as well as it should. Although the tourism sector has recovered, "the European Union has introduced measures to adjust carbon prices before crossing the border (CBAM) that imposes carbon duties on imported goods that have a high carbon emissions production process that Thai entrepreneurs must prepare for. In November 2022, it was valued at USD 687 million, an increase of 8%, with gold totaling USD 868 million, down 15.98%. Excluding gold, $7,466 million increased by 34% to $14,489 million. The factor that caused the increase in exports was due to increased purchasing power. As a result of inflation and the price of goods in many countries, it began to decline. Reduced international freight costs The recovery of the tourism sector has led to an increase in shopping, and the end of last year was the shopping season. THEREFORE, IT IS A CONTRIBUTING FACTOR TO THE CONTINUED INCOMING ORDERS.
4 State banks cut remittances by 0.125% to help weak debtors.|Reporters reported that the Committee of the Specialized Financial Institutions Development Fund chaired by Mr. Chatchai Sirilai Managing Director, Housing Bank The Ministry of Finance has agreed to extend the period of reduction of remittances to the Specialized Financial Institutions Development Fund from 0.25% to 0.125% of deposits deposited from the public for another year until the end of 2023 to alleviate the burden of expenditure for debtors affected by the economic situation and have not yet recovered from COVID. The resolution will be approved by four state banks: the Government Savings Bank, the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC), the Bank of Thailand and the Bank of Thailand. and The Islamic Bank of Thailand. Reduce remittances by half, which will make it more capable of helping debtors and prevent bad debts by reducing remittances. Set conditions that must be used to help specific groups of debtors who are in real trouble. NO MORE SOWING HELP BECAUSE SOME OF THEM HAVE RETURNED TO REPAY THEIR DEBTS NORMALLY.SPONSORED
China wins No. 1 tourism championship in Thailand, NSC targets foreign tourists - revenue|China returns to win the 1st most tourism in Thailand, tat expects 66 million visitors to Thailand, while the NESDB will adjust the income and the number of foreign tourists entering Thailand. After China opened the country earlier than expected. Global Economic Recession - China opens up Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) After the Chinese government announced the opening of the country from Jan. 8, 2023, the TAT expects at least 5 million Chinese tourists to enter Thailand throughout the year 2023. Thailand is the no. 1 nation, accounting for 20% of all foreign tourists this year, with an expected total of at least 25 million. It's not. Currently, Thailand has cancelled the vaccination certificate before entering the country. For national tourists who are required to show a COVID-19 test result. For example, China and India must purchase health insurance with a coverage limit of not less than USD 10,000, because if they test positive before returning to the country, they will be hospitalized in Thailand without burdening the Thai budget. TAT's Deputy Governor for Asia and The South Pacific said today (Jan. 10) that he will hold meetings with travel companies from both China and India, such as the Thai Tourism Association (ATTA). India-Thai Chamber of Commerce to discuss management system If you test positive for COVID-19 by RT-PCR before returning to your country, for example, travelers may choose to self-isolate at a hotel. "Insurers should already set conditions that if they contract COVID-19 abroad, they can walk-in to hospitals, but there may be quite a few tourists who choose to quarantine in hospitals or hotels because the symptoms are not heavy." From January 1 to 7, 2023, 419,516 people were accumulated, with Russia 46,128, followed by Malaysia 45,517, South Korea 32,977, India 22,393 and Laos 19,674. The Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) said that the NESDB will revise its forecast for the number of foreign tourists entering Thailand after China reopens earlier than expected in the second half of 2023. NESDB expects 23 million foreign tourists to visit Thailand. Generated revenue of 1.2 trillion baht Let's wait and see the situation in the next few weeks before adjusting the new figures. Expect to be clear months. "China opened up faster, positively affecting the tourism sector. Businesses in the tourism chain, such as restaurants, hotels, trade Department stores will have more income and employment. As for the public health measures that we have implemented, together with the vaccination of about 70% of all Thais, it will be able to cope with COVID-19." The Finance Minister said that as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned that the global economy was in recession, it had assigned the Office of Fiscal Policy (FISC). It is closely monitoring the situation on whether it will affect the Thai economy or not, but confirms that the Thai economy continues to expand in line with the recovery of tourism, especially Chinese tourists, after the reopening of the country. Reporters report. EEC prepares for new Thai economic growth After China reopens, tourism will resume. It is estimated that foreign tourists entering Thailand this year should surpass 20 million. From 2012, the treasury is set at 11 million people.
"Solar, therefore, prosperous", pushes manufacturers to use biodegradable plastics.|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry The Ministry has collaborated with the Ministry of Finance to create a green tax expense to allow entrepreneurs to deduct 1.25 times the cost of purchasing biodegradable plastic products from the corporate income tax. In order to apply for corporate income tax exemption in 2022-2024, biodegradable plastic products must be purchased from manufacturers who have received biodegradable plastic product certificates issued by the Office of Industrial Economics (OEC)"The criteria for issuing plastic product certificates will be issued to manufacturers of plastic products sold in 2022-2024. 3.The product has laboratory certificate according to the relevant standards and 4.The product has certified the plastic resin used to produce according to the standard. And a copy of the product test result in the list of products that have certified plastic resins used in accordance with TIS 17088 and a copy of the product composition test result (FTIR) that THESO has collaborated with the Research Institute of Science and Technology of Thailand to become the product inspection unit that the manufacturer applied for the certificate"SPONSORED Mrs. Worawan Chitorun, director of the Office of Industrial Economics, said that the MINISTRY has issued 72 certificates for plastic products for sale in 2019-2021, and 7 manufacturers have applied for 72 certificates for tax deduction, including 57 plastic straws, 10 garbage bags, handle-tote bags, zipper bags, plastic straws and glass cap film.
Flash raises 15 billion baht in series F fundraising, existing investors|"Flash Express" returned losses in 2022 due to the retribution of high oil prices and COVID after its first profit in 2021, preparing to announce the successful funding round of series F worth more than 15 billion baht, pushing the company's value to 70 billion baht. Opening a new business "F Commerce" as a TikTok partner, providing distribution, live sales, and advertising services, Mr. Komsan Lee, Chief Executive Officer of Flash Express Co., Ltd., revealed that the past year has been the business year of Flash. Express is not growing as expected. The company expects to have revenue at a similar level to 2021 of 17,600 million baht, but with rising costs and rising oil prices. Responding to COVID, following safety standards and hiring more than 7,000 additional employees to replace covid-infected employees, the company's 2022 results were again lost. After making its first profit in 2021 at around 6 million baht, "Flash's earnings are believed to be "very good". It's not much different from its competitors in the market. This year, most logistics businesses face all the same cost problems. While growth is not as glamorous as in 2021 and last year, Flash Express has already moved up to the No. 1 carrier in Thailand quantitatively, with 2.4 million units shipped per day or about 700 million units per year. However, revenue per piece sent decreased, and shipping weight also decreased. From 0.3-0.5 kilograms at a time," SPONSORED. In the move towards the distribution of shares on the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Thailand is still on track within the next 3 years, with options for stock distribution. In the stock exchange is the first, but admits to looking for other markets with good conditions as well. It should be officially revealed in the near term, raising more than 15 billion baht in funding. This is an increase of more than double the 4,700 million baht series E funding round in June 2021, thanks to the excellent support of 8 existing investors, namely Flash Group, PTT Group, Red Bull Group, Krungsri Finnovet, Chantawanit, SCB and 2 foreign investors, Buer Capital and eWTP, who still believe and inject money to continue investing. This series F round of funding makes the value of the flash. The proceeds from the new funding round will be used to renovate more than 40 existing warehouses with a total area of 1,000,000 square meters. Increasing the number of delivery vehicles covering remote areas as well as entering the international market. The goal is to overtake the proportion of foreign income from Thailand. This means that overseas subsidiaries can make a profit. And current flash. In addition to the Thai market, the Philippines is a growing market with the potential to become the No. 1 player later this year." Express consists of logistics business. Warehouse Business The recently launched MCN (Multi channel Network) business is responsible for managing creators' channels to grow and generate revenue, such as finding sponsors for the channel, advertising to help promote the channel, selling or promoting products through various forms of advertising.
The SEC pointed out the positive factors that flooded the stock market flow in excess of tens of billions. Accelerate a major review of criteria to cope with uncertainty|Foreigners buy Thai stocks in the first 9 days, surpassing 11 billion baht The SEC pointed to positive factors, including tourism recovery. The biggest revision in years After facing the November Tamil crisis, trading movements in the Stock Exchange of Thailand since the beginning of the year. The index last updated on January 9, 2023 at 1,691 points, up 23 points, or 1.35%, from a year earlier in the year to close at 1,668.66, up 23 points, or 1.35%. The stock exchange believes that this buying force should continue. Deputy Manager, Head of Corporate Strategic Planning and Head of Capital Market Sustainability Division The Stock Exchange of Thailand The thai stock market has been rising since the beginning of last year as a buying force from foreign investors, whose money has continued to flow in since 2022, when foreign investors bought more than 200 billion baht of Thai stocks. This is the result of many positive factors occurring simultaneously. The Thai economy is recovering clearly. "The index has risen due to many positive factors coming at the same time, which if we consider that the ASEAN region, especially Thailand, still has good growth compared to other countries whose economies are slowing, causing a massive flow of foreign capital." Thailand's economy has recovered significantly and is about to benefit from China's opening up, which will allow the tourism sector, which is the main engine of the economy, to fully return to work. AT THE SAME TIME, THE BAHT DEPRECIATED POSITIVELY IN SOME STOCKS, ESPECIALLY ELECTRONICS STOCKS, WITH THE FACTORS TO BE MONITORED AFTER THIS ARE THE GROWTH OF THE THAI ECONOMY AND WHETHER TOURISTS WILL COME IN AS EXPECTED OR NOT. Director and Manager, Stock Exchange of Thailand It revealed that the Thai stock market is very strong compared to neighboring countries. We are the 1st highest daily turnover in ASEAN. However, in terms of competition in the Thai stock exchange business compared to foreign countries, we will find that although we are at the top level in Asia, there are many countries that are developing rapidly, especially the Indonesian stock exchange, which currently has a higher market capitalization than Singapore. For the 2023 plan, the SET has moved forward with its supervision policy to modernize the stock market. The development of the capital market will be an upgrade from before raising capital in the stock exchange to the member companies, as well as companies that have ceased to be listed companies, which will be prepared as short, medium and long-term plans. How does settlement need to be improved? The rules of control are appropriate for the advancement of the trading system, whether it is a trading program, internet trading, or sending orders from abroad, as well as improving the data verification process. Information on shareholdings, contacting securities companies in various aspects must be done more, such as credit bureaus that centralize securities company operations. Review the risk considerations of customers together with securities companies so that each asset management company has information to use to make the market easier to control. Control internal operations to reduce and prevent risks from occurring and resolve incidents faster in the long run, how to reduce risks and improve data analysis to prevent future incidents to create clarity. 3 Trading Board Mr. Manpong Sena narong, Deputy Manager Head of Issuer Division The Stock Exchange of Thailand He said that in terms of taking care of listed companies, the whole system must be done, not just the development of the criteria for listing shares on the stock exchange. But we also have to look at the member companies. However, the consideration is the alignment of all 3 stock exchanges, either the Stock Exchange of Thailand or SET, the Stock Exchange of Mai or mai and LiVE Exchange, which must consider whether we will raise the SET level or not because there is a need for large companies or companies doing business abroad to be listed, or in the overlap of mai and LiVE Exchange because some companies in mai are SMESPONSORED businesses. Deputy Manager, Head of Marketing and Managing Director Futures Market (Thailand) Public Company Limited He said the review of the rules will also take into account the opening and closing times of SET and TFEX as the products traded on the Thai stock market at this time are very diverse. Like DR or DRx that references foreign assets. Therefore, we have to see if the time must be adjusted accordingly, including whether TFEX products such as Gold Futures need to be extended, and whether trading on the Thai stock market needs to be adjusted. It will be considered in the same round.
Gold price today, 10 Jan 23, opened on Tuesday morning, down 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" On Tuesday morning, Jan. 10, the price dropped by 100 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out at 29,650 baht. On January 10, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.27 a.m., the gold price was reduced by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,550 baht per baht, selling out 29,650 baht, and "gold jewelry" buying 29,016.24 baht, selling out 30,150 baht, and gold today 2 shillings 50 satang, 2 gold bars, buying 14,775 baht. Sell out 14,825 baht Gold 2 shillings Buy 14,508.12 baht Sell out 15,075 baht Gold price today 1 shilling Gold bullion 1 shilling Buy 7,387.5 baht Sell out 7,412.5 baht Gold jewelry 1 shilling Buy 7,254.06 baht Sell out 7,537.5 baht Gold price today 1/2 shilling Gold bullion 1/2 shilling Buy 3,693.75 baht Sell out 3,706.25 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 shilling Buy 3,627.03 baht Sell out 3,768.75 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, January 10, 2023, ended the morning trading down 0.96 points, the index was at 1,690 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 0.96 to 1,690.16. Turnover 47,044.10 On January 10, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 0.96, or -0.06%, to 1,690.16. The turnover was 47,044.10 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Indorama Ventures Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
Robinhood joins forces with major taxi networks to launch ride-hailing service no later than March |Robinhood, together with two of Bangkok's major taxi network partners, Smart Taxi and HOWA, today announced the opening of applications for taxi drivers and private drivers registered as public taxis. Robinhood Ride is expected to be officially operational by the first quarter of 2023 and has more than 10,000 vehicles in the system. "After Robinhood was approved by the Department of Land Transport to provide a legal ride-hailing platform, we developed an application for drivers and drivers registered as public transport to participate on the platform.
All kinds of questions "Shop well have a night in 2023" What kind of products and services? Remedible no|In the case of the Cabinet Meeting Approved the measures to implement the project to give new year gifts B.E. 2566 to the people as proposed by the Ministry of Finance, one of which is the "Shop Dee Me Back Year 66" measure, which starts from January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023. What services are participating or not participating in the program? Therefore, let's summarize all the doubts about the "Shop Dee Me Night 2023" measure to be understood simply as follows: The deduction for purchases or service fees has criteria. What are the conditions?1. Taxpayers who are liable to pay personal income tax, but not including ordinary partnerships or non-juristic persons, are entitled to deduction for the purchase of goods or services as paid for the purchase of goods or services in the Kingdom from January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023, in the amount actually paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht, divided into 1.1 purchases of goods or services. 1.2 Purchase of goods or service charges not exceeding 10,000 baht from the excess of 1.1) Must have a full electronic tax invoice via the Revenue Department's e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt system only. THE PROCEDURES AND CONDITIONS ANNOUNCED BY THE DIRECTOR-GENERAL OF THE REVENUE DEPARTMENT TO DETERMINE THE COST OF GOODS OR SERVICE FEES DO NOT INCLUDE THOSE WHO HAVE INCOME TO PAY FOR GOODS OR SERVICES TO VAT REGISTRANTS AND RECEIVE A FULL TAX INVOICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 100. 86/4 of the Revenue Code, except for the purchase of goods or services as follows: It can be paid to non-VAT registrants. Other methods and conditions are as specified by the Director-General of the Revenue Department, such as general methods of exercising rights, methods of exercising the rights of husbands and wives, prohibition of the exercise of rights of income earners who are VAT registered entrepreneurs. Evidence for exercising rights, etc., any goods or services can be reduced according to the measures1. All purchases and service charges purchased from VAT registrants are deductible under this measure. Except for the following purchases or service chargesSPONSORED2. The income earner must pay for the purchase of goods or services to the VAT registrant and receive a full tax invoice in accordance with Section 100. 86/4 of the Revenue Code, unless the following purchases or service charges are payable to non-VAT registrants, there is also the question of the cost of buying food in a hotel, car repair costs, etc. Can oil and gas be deductible? The answer is "yes." If you are a VAT registered entrepreneur Gold jewelry can be deducted only for gold (according to the value of VAT) in case of multiple purchases or services (multiple tax invoices) between January 1, 2023 and February 15, 2023. If each purchase or service is not worth the specified value in each case, sponsored the cost of purchasing a domestic tour package. It is not deductible as the service fee does not include the tour fee. In addition, if paying for hotel accommodation or paying for excursions between January 1, 2023 and February 15, 2023, it is not deductible as the service fee does not include hotel accommodation and tour fees as well as utility bills. Water, electricity, telephone, life insurance, non-life insurance, health insurance, or car insurance are also not deductible because the purchase of life insurance is a service that is not subject to VAT. It must be said that "no" because it is a service fee for services with a long-term service agreement that starts before January 1, 2023 or ends after February 15, 2023, as well as if paying between January 1, 2023 and February 15, 2023, but using the service after February 15, 2023 is also not deductible. It is not deductible as the services provided by the hospital are exempt from VAT. The entrepreneur does not have the right to issue tax invoices as evidence of exercising the right. Non-deductible services also include the purchase of tickets for redemption because the sale of tickets for redemption is not subject to VAT. The seller of the card for redemption does not have the right to issue a tax invoice as evidence of exercising the right. However, if the card is redeemed between January 1, 2023 and February 15, 2023, which is calculated as the amount and tax invoice can be issued. Tax invoices can be used as evidence of exercising rights, including gift vouchers, vouchers for hotel food purchases, or phone bill prepaid cards. The evidence used is a full tax invoice under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code (a tax invoice containing the name and address of the buyer of goods or service recipients), unless the following goods or services purchased from a non-VAT registrant must have proof of receipt containing at least the items listed under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code. 105 Bis of the Revenue Code with the first and last name of the income earner1. 2. Books in the form of electronic information via the Internet. 3. One Subdistrict One Product (OTOP) which is a product registered with the Department of Community Development by a full tax invoice under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code that can be used as evidence for the exercise of the deduction means a tax invoice containing at least the following items:1. The word "tax invoice" in the presence of 2. Name, address and tax identification number of the registrant issuing the tax invoice3. Name, address of the buyer or subscriber4. The serial number of the tax invoice and the serial number of the volume (if any)5. Name, type, type, quantity, and value of goods or services6. The amount of VAT calculated on the value of goods or services shall be clearly separated from the value of goods and/or services.7. The date, month, year of issuance of the tax invoice (other statements specified by the Director-General, such as the word document in batches, copies of tax invoices, etc.), and anyone who asks if the tax invoice contains incomplete text, such as writing the wrong name or address of the buyer of the goods, or if it has been corrected, can be used as evidence? It must be said that if the tax invoice is fully listed under Section 86/4 of the Revenue Code, even if the name or address of the buyer is written incorrectly or the text is corrected, it can be taken as evidence. While the buyer has a different address on the ID card and the address on the personal income tax return. You can use the address on your ID card or your current address. There are many buyers' names. Non-deductible The tax invoice must contain the name of the buyer of goods or services only in case the tax invoice contains both goods and services that pay VAT and do not pay VAT. Only vat-free purchases and services can be deducted, unless the following products or services are deductible: Even paid to non-VAT registrants1. 2. Books in the form of electronic information via the Internet. 3. One Subdistrict One Product (OTOP) which is a product that has already been registered with the Department of Community Development while a receipt under Section 105 of the Revenue Code that can be used as evidence for the exercise of the deduction means a receipt containing at least the items under Section 105 of the Revenue Code. 105 Bis of the Revenue Code as follows: With the name and surname of the income earner1. Tax ID number of the issuer 2. Name or brand of the issuer3. Serial number of the book and of the receipt 4. Date of receipt 5. Amount received6. Type, name, quantity and price of goods in case of sale of goods with a price of 100 baht or more. The public can obtain tax invoices in the form of e-Tax Invoices or receipts in the form of e-Receipts to entrepreneurs approved by the Revenue Department. You can check the list of entrepreneurs participating in e-Tax Invoice and e-Receipt at the Revenue Department website.
Sleep before paying later, the hotel offers a 0% installment plan for 4 months, hoping to stimulate stays at the beginning of the year. |Sleep first and then pay Veranda adds 0% installment plan to stimulate stay. The hotel business is expected to recover brightly, seeing a trend of more small groups of customers. Chief Executive Officer of Veranda Resort Public Company Limited (VERANDA) revealed that the tourism trend is growing. As a result, the company has adjusted its marketing strategy. With the launch of a campaign to allow customers to pay 0% installment for 4 months with no minimum, the company will boost booking rates at the beginning of this year. The promotion started on February 28 and stayed until March 31, 2023, and the overall tourism industry in 2023 began to recover significantly as Thailand is an important destination for tourists around the world. Due to the recent COVID-19 situation, people have chosen to travel in small groups with their families or have a private space to spend time together. 'Marketing Technology' or 'MarTech' by applying Artificial Intelligence : AI to reach all customer segments of all generations, as well as being able to analyze customer groups for marketing effectiveness and create closer contact with consumers while upgrading services to Smart Hotel to meet the needs of the digital era and help create more convenience for customers.
Krungthai estimates GDP growth of 3.4% in 2023, boosting tourism instead of exports|Krungthai estimates GDP growth of 3.4% in 2023, boosting tourism sector instead of exports. Suggesting the business sector adapts to 5 economic transition factors on January 10, 2023 Dr. Patcharapoj Nantramas Krungthai Compass Research Center assessed 2023 as a time of change. Bringing the Thai economy to an unfamiliar spot Under a new, more volatile and complex world. There are 5 key transitions: 1. Transition to a low-carbon society 2. The global economy transitions to a slowdown 3. The main engine of the Thai economy transitions to the tourism sector 4. Krungthai COMPASS sees that the 5 aspects of the transition are important for the Thai economy in both the short and long term, as both challenges and opportunities for businesses, such as entrepreneurs will face obstacles to adapt to the new global context that cares about climate change and sustainability. Entrepreneurs who adapt will see new business avenues. THERE ARE OPPORTUNITIES FOR GROWTH EVEN IN TIMES OF GLOBAL ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN. A senior analyst at Krungthai COMPASS Research Center, Krungthai Bank, said that although major economies such as the U.S. have slowed down due to interest rate hikes, Europe is likely to enter a recession due to the energy crisis. But the transition to a low-carbon society of those countries. There is also a more intense direction. For 2023, businesses must monitor important regulatory issues such as the implementation of European carbon taxation measures or CBAM, and thailand's taxonomy standardization. Analysts at Krungthai COMPASS Research Center, Krungthai Bank, said Krungthai COMPASS expects the Thai economy to grow at 3.4% this year, recovering from 3.2% growth in 2022. However, a weaker global economy will affect exports, which may expand by only 0.7%. High inflation will not go away as the business sector continues to cope with the shift in rising costs. The average headline inflation rate for the whole year will remain above the Bank of Thailand's inflation target. As a result, the policy rate is expected to be revised from 1.25% in 2022 to 2% in 2023, and the terminal rate may be 2.5% in 2024. The baht also faces volatility from U.S. monetary policy forecasts. The baht is expected to be in the range of 33.75-36.50 baht per U.S. dollar.
Market Roundup : Bangkok Life Assurance Welcome home to BBL management partners|On January 10, 2023, The Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests The following are Bangkok Life Assurance, led by Mr. Shon Sophonpanich. President and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Siri Karcharoendee Chairman of the Board Along with the board of directors and executives, welcome Mr. Chatsiri Sophonpanich President of Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited and executives from Bangkok Bank Visit and exchange views and business opportunities to join forces in the future at Bangkok Life Assurance Head Office WongsawangSPONSOREDSHARGE to raise Thai EV Charger to world-class standards. Shell-Porsche joins hands to create the first major regional phenomenon in Thailand Installed the highest 180-360 kW EV Charger in Thailand for Shell Recharge service stations, 11 high-performance electric vehicle (HPC) charging stations in Thailand, and developed Cross Border Integration to connect SHARGE application with service providers in Malaysia. Reinforcing southeast Asia's longest EV Charger network of 2,200 km, all 11 locations are expected to open soon. Chief Marketing Officer Major Companies Cineplex Group Public Company Limited Invite kind adults to organize MAJOR KIDS DAY FULL OF FUN 2023. Fill your children with happiness and fun. Major Cinemas Opening All Cineplex branches nationwide allow children under the age of 12 to watch 100,000 free movies on Saturdays and Sundays, January 14-15, 2023. If you don't have a card, you can subscribe to the M Gen Kids card for free and get free movie privileges. Get 2,000 free 64-ounce popcorn boxes, which can be redeemed on dtac rewards page via dtac app. Get 5,000 free 27-ounce popcorn boxes for KBank to donate 33.6 million baht to Saraburi Hospital Build a cardiothoracic surgery intensive care unit and purchase medical supplies. Support open heart surgery - heart valve surgery to expand services for patients in Saraburi and nearby areas to receive surgery faster. Chatchawan Thai Brand Business Executive Vice President, ZEN Corporation Group Public Company Limited congratulated Mr. Liven Chong, Chief Executive Officer of Thaifeng Holdings SDN. BHD. on the occasion of the official opening of Tammoo, the first franchise in Malaysia. Under the concept of De Tummour Authentic Thai Food with authentic Isaan flavors, Nakhon Phanom edition at Empire Shopping Gallery, Subang JayaSPONSORED, it is a shopping center located in the heart of Selangor's business district. The company has announced its goal of expanding 50 franchise branches in Malaysia. Within 3 years, the company announced that it is accelerating its full-fledged efforts to push the Thai Isaan restaurant and retail business to continue growing. Lion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells consumer products for Thai people. Launched the dishwashing concentrate product Lipon F. Japanese Yuzu removes oily stains and dirt on the container, designed by a developer inspired by Yuzu oranges in Kochi Prefecture in Japan. 475 ml. at 47 baht and 500 ml refill bag at 29 baht is available today at major department stores. Nationwide stores and all online channelsSPONSORED Prof. Dr. Channarong Pornrungroj Managing Director of Corporate Sustainability Division, Pranda Jewelry Public Company Limited (PDJ), said that the company has been awarded the Sustainability Model Organization award in the Thai capital market for supporting people with disabilities. Outstanding Category That reflects that throughout the past 49 years of the company's establishment, the Company has been employing people with disabilities. Support employment by allocating jobs that are appropriate to the individual's performance. Everyone receives the same wages and benefits as ordinary employees, is treated equally, and has the opportunity to demonstrate their full potential for career growth and equal access to basic rights.  The award reflects the commitment of the management team and personnel who have worked together to drive the business to grow continuously. Even in the face of volatile social and economic situations, by continuously developing itself and raising the level of organizational development to keep pace with the global change or transformation, which is an important step and a factor that will enable the organization to achieve sustainable achievements along with creating benefits and values for society in order to pass on a good and sustainable world. Join forces with the National Housing and Urban Development Fund by Dr. Somporn Suttavilkul Chief Executive Officer Tipaya Group Holdings and President Tipaya Insurance and Mr. Benjapol Nakprasert Director, National Housing and Urban Development Fund In order to establish a system and develop products for village fund members to meet the needs and facilitate access to the insurance system as well as various benefits for members and their families, the two agencies have agreed on the project, which will be launched soon.
SET joins hands with Nasdaq to overhaul trading system to international standards to launch Q1/66|SET joins hands with Nasdaq to overhaul trading system After a long time of use. Adjusted to international standards, set to launch in Q1 this year Supports large transaction volumes It hopes to attract more foreign investors. Deputy Manager Head of Information Technology The Stock Exchange of Thailand It was revealed at the strategic plan statement that the SET and the futures market will be launched in the new trading system. It has partnered with Nasdaq*, which provides services to the global stock market trading system. Join us in developing a system that has been in use for a long time with the latest technology and innovations, which will increase the efficiency of handling large transaction volumes. In addition, the new trading system will increase the resolution of the release of bid/offer price levels (bid/sell prices) of securities in both SET and mai from 5 levels to 10 levels, as well as increase the resolution of the timestamp of the order and the time of pairing at the nanosecond level equivalent to the leading international markets. The system is currently undergoing final testing, which is in line with the planned plan, and the new system is expected to be launched to investors and members by Q1 2023. The stock exchange itself has also stepped up its cybersecurity. The market system is connected to many market participants. Whether it is asset management companies, commercial banks, so overall, connecting at many points also carries an increased risk. As for the optical system, due to the SET's increasing number of new products, such as DRx and LiVE Exchange, which we initially developed as a software service that can be connected through devices and can be traded at all. This will reduce the burden on market participants, however, all these developments can only be supported at a basic level. Therefore, this year, the stock exchange has adjusted the systems to the openapi so that market participants can use the connection system as an application. *Many people may be familiar with Nasdaq as the second U.S. stock exchange and have a modern buying system, but Nasdaq actually has a business in providing infrastructure technology. Trading systems for capital markets and derivatives markets that are also available to stock exchanges in many countries.
B.S. shake hands Synchrotron Central Lab Thailand ready to upgrade SMEs in processed agriculture|B.S. shake hands Synchrotron and Central Lab Thailand Upgrading SMEs in processed agriculture, strengthening with research and replenishing capital to support and guarantee agricultural SMEs on January 10, 2023. The Director and General Manager of the Small Industry Credit Insurance Corporation (BOI) said: Synchrotron and Central Lab Thailand have signed an MOU to upgrade the processed agricultural sector, create opportunities for SMEs to access innovation, increase the value of products and products through research, and access to capital. The BOI is ready to help in 3 areas: 1. Supporting SMEs to access credit and capital sources, with BOI as guarantor 2. The F.A. Center provides financial and business advisory services to SMEs using Central Lab Thai and Synchrotron Light Research InstituteSPONSORED3. SmEs can register for financial consultation via LINE TCG First and have free financial health check-ups. The director of the Synchrotron Light Research Institute (Public Organization) said the institute has always attached importance to academic cooperation. This academic collaboration was created. Increase opportunities for entrepreneurs to access financing by promoting and supporting credit guarantees in order to build confidence in financial institutions in approving loans and increase access to financial services. The company also supports activities for entrepreneurs and promotes academic development in research and innovation by leveraging synchrotron light technology and related technologies for industry so that entrepreneurs can continue to operate their business continuously and sustainably.  Mr. Chakrit Thadthiararat The Managing Director of Central Lab Thai said that Central Lab Thai specializes in laboratory analysis. Under ISO/IEC 17025 and in the opportunity to enter the 20th year, the Company remains committed to supporting services and raising product standards for entrepreneurs of all production groups in accordance with the law, especially supporting SMEs, which are considered the foundation of the country's economy. If SMEs are strengthened, it will result in a better overall economy of the country." In order for entrepreneurs to access financing and develop products with modern innovations that will bring value to products, it is considered to enhance the service comprehensively. It also empowers entrepreneurs to be able to run their businesses continuously."
Thai exports are expected to grow 1% in 2023, the lowest in three years.|Mr. Atth Pisanvanich Director, Center for International Trade Studies University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce According to the analysis of the direction of Thai exports in 2023, under various risk factors and factors to be monitored, the value of Thai exports in 2023 is expected to be USD 295,203 million, expanding by 1.0%, or the forecast period between USD 290,819-296,665 million. Negative 0.5% to plus 1.5%, the lowest in 3 years since 2020, and slowing down from 6.5-7.5% growth in 2020 to USD 289,686-292,281 million. 2. The protracted Russo-Ukrainian War 3. Oil prices remain high. 4. Inflation in 2023 remained high even after decreasing from 2022, and 5. Prices of raw materials and goods are likely to increase at a lower rate, etc. "Thai exports are expected to slow down in the first quarter of this year due to inertia since the end of Q3 and Q4, and Q1 growth is expected to be negative 2% to negative 3% compared to the same period in 2022."
Bot points to digital assets starting to slow down, keeping an eye on household debt, vulnerable groups, and SMEs|The Bank of Thailand (BOT) reports. The Thai Financial System Stability Report for the fourth quarter of 2022 was released, which found that the Thai financial system was stable, and the commercial banking system was stable to support the economic recovery. However, two risks must be monitored: 1. the debt repayment capacity of households and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and 2. volatility in financial markets due to higher uncertainty. The quality of SME loans and vulnerable retail loans must be closely monitored. The household sector remains vulnerable to high levels of household debt and the cost of living and inflation. This affects the ability to repay debts, especially those who are not commercial bank debtors. While SMEs showed signs of recovery in income and improved credit quality, their financial position remained fragile. Large businesses have good liquidity and financial position, but must monitor the strength of the recovery in tourism-related businesses and some businesses that are susceptible to rising costs, such as transportation and construction. The housing market continues to recover, but there is still risk of rising interest rates. Construction cost Non-bank lending businesses in the overall position are in good standing, but still need to monitor the credit quality that sees signs of deterioration. SPONSORED BOT also assessed digital assets as having limited risks and implications for the stability of the Thai financial system as a whole due to the continued decline in the number of active accounts and retail trading volumes. Because the market is highly volatile and has received wide attention.
"More Return" Lessons It can't be repeated. Order the dismantling of the entire upstream to downstream process.|SET launches 3-year strategic plan (2023-2025) through 4-sided strategy, continues to adjust stock trading criteria, removes lessons from "November Tamil" In the case of Mor Return shares, which led to a historic default of 4,000 million baht. Damage to Thai brokers and capital markets cannot be repeated and the process must be adjusted from upstream to downstream. Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) together with senior executives jointly announced the SET's strategic plan for the next 3 years (2023-25) that aims to increase the competitiveness of the Thai capital market along with environmental sustainability development. To make the capital market beneficial to all sectors. Capital market, society and country through 4 key strategies: 1. Make the capital market easy; By increasing funding opportunities, it aims to encourage businesses of all sizes, small, medium and large, to take advantage of the capital market more easily and more. In addition, TDX will be developed as a platform for trading digital tokens, sponsored both investment tokens and utility tokens, in Q3 2023 and diversified with low-cost products for small investors. By developing a market trading system. New securities within the first quarter of 2023, including updating relevant trading rules and regulations in accordance with changing market conditions. More Return (MORE) that was unusual and led to the default of payment of 4,000 million baht of shares that occurred in November 2022 or "November Tamil" is another historic event that has damaged brokers and the Thai capital market. From the criteria for receiving securities of SET, mai to listing, adjusting trading criteria, settlement and delivery of securities, as well as the process of checking trading information, as well as amending the criteria for using important information such as shareholding, dealing with securities companies or brokers, as well as credit bureaus of various asset management companies.3.Create opportunities to push the limits (Match partners for synergy) by developing the dissemination of information through SMART Marketplace and environmental data collection. The company will also develop ESG Ratings to support the issuance of capital market products. ESG-Linked4.Adhere to the principle of sustainability as the core (Merge ESG with substance) by E or Environmental, develop ESG personnel in the capital market and educational institutions through ESG Academy and develop climate care platform to cover environmental management and partner connections. SET is also aiming for net zero greenhouse gas emissions, S or social aspects, promoting financial literacy for retirees and low-income groups through the LiVE Platform and G or Governance, accelerating regulatory regulations to suit the current situation, developing effective governance tools to support new products, and coordinating with government and regulatory agencies. In addition, it will expand its network of cooperation to various organizations to jointly drive the long-term development of the capital market.
Lifting the requirement to receive the vaccine before traveling, the CAT adjusted the announcement to enter Thailand.|Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport According to the Ministry of Public Health, the new entry measures for international passengers have been adjusted. The Ministry of Transport by the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) has issued an updated entry requirement for international passengers or NOTAM, removing the vaccination requirement before entering Thailand. Passengers from countries where rt-pcr test results are required must have health insurance coverage of at least USD 10,000 covering COVID treatment throughout the travel period in Thailand and plus an additional 7 days. Instead, students may use a certificate from the host agency or other forms of insurance. Passengers without health insurance will not be denied boarding, but quarantine officials will randomly check their health insurance certificates. Passengers holding Thai passports and transit or transit passengers are exempt from checking health insurance documents. Effective from 08:00 on 10 January 2023 to 23:59 on 31 January 2023, "Airlines must adhere to the requirements and follow the guidelines as appropriate, such as asking passengers to wear a mask, except during mealtimes or in emergency situations.
Open license fee - Local liquor tax The Cabinet approved 3 bills to support small producers.|The Cabinet approved 3 bills to collect liquor license fees, new tariffs and stamp duties in accordance with the Ministry of Liquor Production Regulation B.E. 2565, allowing small liquor producers and local liquor producers to drink liquor at 360 baht each, distilled liquor at 1,500 baht, and commercial liquor licenses at 1,800–3,600 baht each, distilled liquor at 7,500–15,000 baht each. Ms. Trisuli Trisaranakul The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the Cabinet meeting approved three bills in line with the Ministry of Liquor Production Regulation B.E. 2565 (2022), which came into force on November 2, 2022, in order to increase the development opportunities of small and local liquor producers. The draft Ministerial Regulation stipulates fees and exemptions of licensing fees under the Excise Tax (No....) Act. ... Custom in case of change of location of liquor factory (redesigned, originally not available) 1. Non-commercial liquor licenses, liquor licenses. 360 baht per copy and 1,500 baht per distilled liquor licenseSPONSORED2. In case of liquor license Non-beer immersion liquor produced from a small liquor factory (newly added) which uses machinery with a total power or equivalent of less than 5 horsepower or uses less than 7 workers, or in the case of both machinery and workers, the license is 1,800 baht, while non-liquor-soaked liquor produced from the medium-sized liquor factory (newly added) which uses machinery from 5 horsepower but less than 50 horsepower, or uses 7 workers but less than 50 people, or uses both machinery and workers, the license fee is 3,600 baht. 60,000 baht per copy for commercial liquor licenses Distilled liquor production case 1. White distilled liquor produced from small liquor factories, license 7,500 baht per copy 2. 15,000 baht per license for all distilled spirits other than the above. The 2nd draft law is the Draft Ministerial Regulation on Excise Tariff (No....) B.E. ... The value-based rate shall be 0% for all types of liquor production, but for the quantity-based tax rate, the rate shall be equal to the same liquor products produced for commercial purposes. 1. Beer-soaked liquor, tax rate per 1 liter of pure alcohol. 430 baht per unit 2.Wine soaked liquor and sparkling wine made from grapes. 1,500 baht per unit 3.Fruit soaking liquor containing grapes or grape wine The package size is not more than 0.330 liters, 150 baht per unit, and other types are 900 baht per unit, and 4. Other types of soaked liquor other than those mentioned in items 1-3 are 150 baht per unit of distilled spirits. 1. Distilled liquor white liquor Tax rate per 1 liter of pure alcohol 155 baht per unit 2.Other distilled spirits 255 baht per unit. The Ministry of Finance insisted that it would not affect state revenues as it was the new excise tax rate. As of 2022, the Excise Department collects taxes on liquor products both produced in the Kingdom and imported from abroad. 144,295.30 million baht for the 3rd draft law, namely, the draft ministerial regulations defining the type and characteristics of excise stamps and official taxation marks (No....) B.E. 2565 (2022) B.E. 2565 (2022) by changing the wording to "liquor stamps for soaked liquor or distilled spirits produced from small machine-powered liquor factories and machine-operated medium-sized liquor factories".
Gold price today, January 11, 2023, opened Wednesday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Wednesday morning, January 11, 2023, the price increased by 50 baht for "gold bullion" sold out baht 29,800 baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out baht 30,300 baht on January 11, 2023. "Gold jewelry" buys 29,167.84 baht per baht and sells out 30,300 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,850 baht sell out 14,900 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,583.92 baht sell out 15,150 baht gold price today 1 slung gold bullion buy 7,425 baht sell out 7,450 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,291.96 baht sell out 7,575 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.5 baht sell out 3,725 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,645.98 baht sell out 3,787.5 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
B.C.S. Transfer of funds to "rice farmers" in 2022/23 by an additional 78 million baht|Jan. 11 Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives transfers aid to rice farmers Production year 2022/23 more than 78 million baht There were 13,566 households benefited as of Jan. 11, 2023. The Deputy Manager of the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) revealed that according to the cabinet resolution of November 15, 2022 and the resolution of the Board of Directors, B.C.S. On November 21, 2022, the Bank of Thailand approved measures to help and raise rice farmers' incomes through the Rice Growers Management And Quality Improvement Program. Production year 2022/23 and rice farmer income insurance scheme In the production year 2022/23, the BANK has started gradually transferring funds to farmers from November 24, 2022. Project to support the management cost and quality development of rice farmers Production year 2022/23 (Rai La Phan Project) amounted to 53,620.83 million Baht. The project has benefited 4.65 million households and the Rice Growers Income Insurance Scheme 2022/23 for periods 1-12 amounted to more than 7,803.56 million baht. There were 2.72 million beneficiary households, while the BANK transferred funds to help farmers through measures to help and raise the income of rice farmers. In 2022/23, 13,566 households will be affected, amounting to 78.56 million baht. The project is divided into projects to support the management cost and improve the quality of rice farmers' produce. Production Year 2022/23 (Project THE 6TH RAI WAS MORE THAN 71.38 MILLION BAHT, WITH 10,103 BENEFICIARY HOUSEHOLDS, AND THE RICE FARMER INCOME INSURANCE PROGRAM FOR THE 2022/23, THE 13TH AND PERIODS 1-12 (ADDITIONAL) AMOUNTED TO 7.18 MILLION BAHT, AND 3,463 HOUSEHOLDS SPONSORED. Farmers can check the remittance result via the application. There will be a notification message to the account via LINE Official BAAC Family in case customers apply for BAAC Connect service, as well as cash withdrawals at ATMs of BAAC nationwide. For farmers who have questions about this project, please contact any BRANCH of THE BANK nationwide or call center at 02-555-0555.
Bangkok Bank advises internet banking users to type their own URL every time.|Bangkok Bank Internet banking users are advised to type their own URL every time. After discovering that fraudsters tricked customers into entering fake information information before transferring money on January 11, 2023, Mr. Kitti Kosavisut, Information Technology Security Manager of Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited or BBL, said that according to news appeared on social media about a customer who wanted to access internet banking by searching for a website from a search engine provider, the fraudsters bought advertisements to connect to a fake website with a URL name similar to the bank's website. The Bank is concerned about the safety of all customers. For the latest case, internet banking customers have been scammed to remove information. It is recommended to increase caution when accessing by typing the URL of the bank's website manually.sponsored by avoiding clicking on links that may be attached to media or searching through search engines that may be used by fraudsters to steal important information such as PIN and OTP (One-time password) in order to commit theft. Bangkok Bank places great importance on security in developing technology to meet the needs and behaviors of its customers. All customers can follow the news from Bangkok Bank's press releases such as Bangkok Bank's website, Bangkok Bank LINE Official or if they need advice. For more information, please contact bangkok bank branches nationwide or Bualuang Phone 1333 or 0 2645 5555.
Chinese New Year 2023 Central spends 300 million baht to boost spending on tourism boom|Central Pattana has invested more than 300 million baht, joining forces with commercial centers and department stores to create a double impact on Chinese New Year 2023, with the government's participation in the Shop Dee Me Back project on January 11, 2023. Tang Poonsinthana, Executive Vice President Marketing Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) said that in the first quarter of 2023, we focused on three key marketing strategies, which will be driving forces to help drive the country's economy and tourism. According to the latest data, Thailand is among the top places for Chinese people to come to visit, and Central Pattana has prepared tourist packages and promotions to welcome tourists. It will be an important cog in the nationwide economy. IN LINE WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S SHOP-DEE-ME-BACK PROGRAM THAT WILL STIMULATE SHOPPING AND CASH FLOW FOR THE THAI ECONOMY TO REVIVE, SPONSORED BY CENTRAL PATTANA. The company continues to reinforce its 38 central shopping centers nationwide as the number one destination for every festival. This is evidenced by the collaboration of many famous restaurant brands in the center that have launched a series of new types of offerings to participate in the campaign, such as Kam's Roast. Michelin-starred restaurants, for example, in addition to the Chinese New Year market nationwide. We have also sealed the best of science and art. Led by Dr. Chang Tosaporn Srithula and the new generation of illustrators like JCCHR, the company will provide immersive experiences through art installations of auspicious rabbits nationwide. Olivier Bron, Chief Executive Officer Central Retail Group said: "We have joined forces with strong partners such as Central Department Store and Central The 1 Credit Card to reach massive customers and create the best shopping and celebration experience for Chinese New Year. To be The Best Festive Destination of All Times, both Thai and international customers are coming in a lot this year. This is considered to be a great hospitality with a full range of products for all needs, genders and ages. Shop comfortably with branches covering the whole country, as well as a variety of shopping channels seamlessly connected. There are also a variety of activities that meet every lifestyle and special promotions to please all shoppers. We are seeing positive signs of a full economic recovery, both from the covid situation that has eased since the middle of last year. This has led to a return to normal life, including a higher overall spending from the government's first-quarter shop-back policy aimed at boosting the economy in the first quarter. The tourism sector also showed positive signs of recovery. We are preparing for the return of tourists by aiming to be the number one shopping destination in the minds of tourists through communication with tourists at every touchpoint. Throughout the journey, there are branded products that meet all needs, sponsored with special promotions at both Global Festive and Local Festive levels, as well as partnering to offer special privileges and special services for convenience and create the best shopping experience for tourists. We are confident that this Chinese New Year at Central will be busier and more special than ever.  
Thai stocks today, January 11, 2023, closed the morning stock market down 3.32 points, the index was at 1,688 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 3.32 points at 1,688.09 points with a turnover of 42,624.92. On January 11, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 3.32, or -0.20%, to 1,688.09 points, with a turnover of 42,624.92 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
 Chinese tourists spend less money than expected The ticket cost twice as much and a PCR test is required before returning home.|Kasikorn Research Center Chinese tourists in 2023 are expected to reach 4.65 million. Pointing to the start of the second quarter, the opportunity to spend money may not be as high as hoped. The reason for the high airfare and the need for a PCR test before returning to KResearch Chinese tourists to Thailand are expected to reach 4.65 million in 2023. The acceleration of tourists will begin to be seen in the second quarter and become even more pronounced in the second half of the year as the routes are expanded and the frequency of flights increases. However, with the increase in air tickets and insurance, Chinese people's spending on travel in Thailand may not increase from pre-COVID levels. Under the budget allocated for tourism the same as the forecast of the Chinese market, tourism to Thailand came earlier than expected. KResearch has revised its forecast for foreign tourists to visit Thailand in 2023 to 25.5 million (24-26 million baht), which will generate approximately 107 billion baht in tourism and related businesses.      The acceleration in the number of Chinese tourists visiting Thailand this year will become evident during the quarter. 2 And it is likely to leapfrog more in the second half of the year as the route expansion and frequency of flights between China and Thailand are likely to increase. IT IS POSSIBLE THAT THE NUMBER OF DAILY FLIGHTS FROM CHINA TO THAILAND MAY MORE THAN TRIPLE DURING THE YEAR, COMPARED TO ABOUT 1,035 FLIGHTS IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023, OR 11-15 FLIGHTS PER DAY, AND COMPARED TO CHINA'S SHUTDOWN AT AN AVERAGE OF 3 FLIGHTS PER WEEK, WHICH WOULD BRING DAILY FLIGHTS IN 2023 TO 60-70% FROM PRE-COVID. however The reopening of routes until the end of 2023 may still be below the average of about 93 flights per day (including charters). In the pre-COVID period in 2019, due to the increase in the number of Chinese traveling abroad, it may still be limited, and the management of supporting resources would take time, such as aircraft. Chinese spending per trip in Thailand in 2023 may not increase compared to pre-COVID in 2019, as Chinese travelers have to set aside higher travel expenses (airfare and health insurance). The budget for the entire trip remained the same due to the economic situation and income that did not improve, unless tourists were using savings or as a group that was not affected by the economic situation in China, although the price of Thai-Chinese air tickets has dropped significantly compared to during the Chinese lockdown. However, ticket prices on direct routes are still about 1.5 times higher than pre-COVID averages and 200% higher in cities that do not yet have direct routes. At the same time, the cost of airline business remains high, especially energy prices, which are likely to rise after China's opening. As a result, ticket prices should remain stable. In addition, there are additional costs such as health insurance and PCR tests before the Chinese return to the country, where premiums can cost thousands of baht or higher depending on the age and duration of stay in Thailand. If Chinese tourists have the same travel budget. There will be less money left for travel spending. However, in the later part of the year. If the COVID pandemic subsides and entrepreneurs return to marketing more. There is a chance that this set aside expenditure may be reduced and allow Chinese people to spend more money while traveling in Thailand from the beginning of the year. If the situation does not change much from the current and long-haul travel costs higher, it is even more likely that Chinese who want to travel will choose Thailand as their destination. KResearch estimates that the number of Chinese tourists visiting Thailand to tourism and related businesses may be around 186 billion baht, or 36% of Chinese spending in 2019.  
World Bank warns of 66-year global recession, slicing GDP to 30-year low|World Bank Global GDP growth to 1.7% is the slowest since 1993, the World Bank has revised its growth forecast for 2023 to a level that is on the verge of a recession in many countries. In the latest Global Economic Prospects report, Global gross domestic product (GDP) growth is projected to grow by only 1.7%, compared to the forecast published in June 2022 of around 3.0%, reflecting the slowest growth since 1993, in addition to the 2009 recession hit by the subprime crisis and the 2020 impact of the COVID-19 crisis. The World Bank lowered its economic forecasts in developed economies in the U.S. and Europe to 0.5%, indicating a new global recession less than three years after the last one, while China's growth in 2022 fell to 2.7%, the second-slowest rate since the mid-1970s, the first phase of China's economic reforms, due to restrictions imposed by Beijing's zero-covid policy. With turmoil in the real estate market and drought affecting consumption, manufacturing and investment in 2023, the World Bank expects China's growth to rebound to 4.3%, but 0.9% lower than June's forecast. The World Bank expects business investment to grow at a rate of 3.5% per annum over the next two years, less than half of the growth rate over the past 20 years. Russia's war in Ukraine, the World Bank said, is fragile. Negative developments, such as higher-than-expected inflation, led to abrupt rate hikes to curb the resumption of the COVID pandemic, as well as escalating political tensions. However, although inflationary pressures began to subside at the end of 2022 due to lower energy and commodity prices, there are still risks to watch out for, especially the supply crisis, which may result in higher core inflation. As a result, the global economy is getting worse than ever.Source: Reuters
Thai stocks today, January 11, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 5.66 points, the index was at 1,685 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed the afternoon down 5.66. The index is at 1,685.75. Turnover 73,074.28 On January 11, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index fell 5.66, a change of -0.33%, to 1,685.75. The index peaked at 1,695.13. The index is at a low of 1,681.88. The turnover was 73,074.28 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
"Jurin" revealed that the GOVERNMENT has agreed to renew 5 regulated products until January 24, 2024.|"Jurin" MEETING KOR agreed to renew 5 controlled products, face masks, synthetic fibers, alcohol gel, paper and chicken for another year until 24 January 2024On 11 January 2023, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Commerce and Head of the Democrat Party gave an interview after chairing the Meeting of the Central Committee on Prices of Goods and Services (KOR) No. 1/2023. Mr. Keerati Ratno Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Commerce, Mr. Wattanasak Tiger Iam The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade, representatives of public and private sectors, attended the meeting at the Parliament Building. Mr. Jurin said that there is an important agenda to renew 5 regulated goods, currently there are 51 regulated goods and services for 51 + 5 regulated goods and services, 5 of which are expiring on January 24, 2023. The GOVERNMENT has agreed to renew these five regulated goods from January 25, 2023 to January 24, 2024, comprising 1. Masks 2. Synthetic fibers to produce masks called spunbonds 3. Alcohol and hand sanitizer 4. Waste paper and reusable paper called recycled paper 5. Chicken and chicken meat: All 5 controlled goods will be renewed as controlled goods for another year, and the rest will remain controlled goods as before. For the benefit of both producers and consumers together.
BOI joins hands with ISMED to develop and upgrade SMEs|BOI joins hands with ISMED to enhance business performance of entrepreneurs SMEsOn January 11, 2023, Mr. Sittikorn Direksoonthorn The Director and General Manager of the Small Industry Credit Insurance Corporation (BOI) said: It serves in 2 roles, namely providing loan guarantees to SMEs who want to borrow capital from banks but lack collateral. F.A. Center SMEs will introduce debt restructuring and accounting to all groups of SMEs, including start-ups and small traders. ISMED has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Institute (ISMED) to help drive, promote and create opportunities for SMEs who are members of ISMED to enhance their business performance to the global market. Consulting on investments, business expansion, accounts for loan application, capital replenishment, liquidity enhancement, and financial health check-up by registering for free consultation via Line @tcgfirst. It has helped agricultural SMEs access loans such as NC. Coconut Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells coconut perfumes and products from coconut perfumes. Under the N.C. CoCoNut brand, the main product is COCO BUCKET, a ready-to-drink coconut perfume sponsored with innovative design, making it easy to drink with natural ingredients. At present, N.C. CoCoNut is considered a major operator in Ratchaburi province, buying coconuts in a network of more than 5,000 rai with a production capacity of 4-5 thousand balls per day. The ISMED Director said that over the past year, ISMED has collaborated with more than 30 partner agencies to enhance SMEs. Under the Ministry of Finance, the BOI is a government agency. Top of opportunities to access capital while providing financial advice Business operations to enhance the capability of Thai SMEs today to build confidence in financial institutions to obtain more loan approvals with the credit guarantee mechanism from THE COMPANY.
The Lottery Office threatens to hiss over the overpriced lottery knot.|Mr. Laworn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department as Chairman of the Government Lottery Committee The solution to overpriced tickets and online platforms, he said. latest The Lottery Office will take serious action on all offenses from all relevant laws, which have been convened with the Revenue Department. Department of Business Development, Department of Intellectual Property Department of Government, Office of the Attorney General, Royal Thai Police Anti-Money Laundering Office The Department of Special Investigation (DSI), the Office of the Consumer Protection Commission (OCC) and the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES) to establish a framework for collaboration. "The sale of digital tickets through the Pao Tang application of the Lottery Office confirms that it is a legal operation at every stage, with the application for business authorization under the Direct Sales and Direct Market Act B.E. 2545, all tickets belong to retail agents and every ticket costs 80 baht," Mr. Laworn said, adding that the digital ticket sales for the period of January 17 amounted to 17.12 million tickets. Of the 34,258 retail agents, it has attracted a lot of attention from ticket buyers. Tickets sold out quickly, as buyers could buy the numbers they wanted for less than 80 baht. The Lottery Office will increase the number of digital tickets to meet the demand. Currently, the form of selling tickets at 80 baht is more varied, both through the Pao Tang application and the 80 lottery project points are now distributed at nearly 2,000 points nationwide, with more than 2 million tickets.
Board of Trustees 1,180 million baht SME Bank presses billions on low-interest loans|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri, Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that the Small and Medium Enterprises Promotion Board (SME Promotion Board) has agreed to support and assist SMEs with a credit limit of 1,180 million baht through 3 projects, namely: 1. Loan guarantee project for tourism business 968 million baht. The two-year operation period is expected to benefit 1,500 entrepreneurs with a total guarantee amount of not less than 3,000 million baht. There will be special relief for entrepreneurs who are good entrepreneurs. Foreign exchange risk management to help SMEs with international trade with a credit limit of 200 million baht. Focus on helping exporters directly 3. SME Restart project to help tourism business group 12 million baht The joint operation unit is the Tourism Industry Council of Thailand. Rattapat managing director Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand The company announced that it has launched a new loan "SME D Ready" with a credit limit of 10,000 million baht. Supporting entrepreneurs with capital to supplement business liquidity Invest, improve The highlight of such loans is "High loans, low interest, comfortable installments", covering the needs of all SME groups, such as restaurants, hotels, tourism-related businesses, e-commerce, loans up to 50 million baht per person. Open for loans for both individuals and juristic persons, with interest starting at MLR-2.25% or 4.5% per annum (currently MLR is 6.75%), installment for up to 15 years, no principal payment for up to 18 months, open for loan applications until December 30th"SPONSORED
"Saksiam" transforms Thai railways, accelerates the supply of 50 EV locomotives|Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport Revealed after becoming president Battery-electric locomotive test ceremony The first prototype in the development of the EV on Train system, a collaboration between the State Railway of Thailand (SRT), the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) and the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL), Pure Energy Public Company Limited (SRT) said that the government has a policy to promote electric vehicles (EVs) so that Thailand can reduce greenhouse gases by 20-25% by 2030 by focusing on promoting the use of renewable energy for oil in transportation systems. Based on the test results, the train can be towed from Bangkok Apiwat Central Station. You can go to the station platform on the 2nd floor for 12 trips on a single charge, charging time until the battery is 1 hour, then test runs at short distances such as suburban buses of 30-50 kilometers (km) and longer distances such as cross-provincial trains. Distance 100-200 kilometers (km)SPONSORED
Bangchak announces acquisition of Esso Thailand worth 55.5 billion baht|Bangchak prepares to tender all securities of Esso Thailand Value 55,500 Million Baht 170 billion barrels of refinery On January 12, 2023, reporters reported that Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited (BCP) informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 1/2023 held on January 11, 2023, unanimously approved the transaction and approved the proposal of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to consider and approve the acquisition of the Company's ordinary shares. Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited or ESSO from ExxonMobil Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. ("Exxon Mobil"), bangchak signed a share purchase agreement with Exxon Mobil on January 11, 2023, expecting to be able to complete the trading and payment of shares to the seller by the second half of 2023, subject to pre-requisite conditions and prepare to make a tender offer for all remaining shares of Esso. After the transaction with Exxon Mobil was completed, Mr. Chaiwat Kowavisarach Chief Executive Officer of Bangchak Group and President Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited said the investment is another important step towards greater energy security for Bangchak and Thailand, in line with strategies that increase sustainability and increase access to energy. We believe that this transaction is a new context for Bangchak and Thailand.SPONSORED This investment has related assets, namely refineries with a refining capacity of 174,000 barrels per day. The nationwide network of more than 700 fuel depots and service stations contributes to economies of scale and increases the company's cost efficiency. It has a total refining capacity of 294,000 barrels per day and a network of more than 2,100 service stations. It provides a wider range of crude oil and benefits from the complementary refining technologies of the two refineries, and provides comprehensive marketing services and offers more services to customers through gas stations nationwide, as well as knowledge and technology exchange. Enhance employee skills and abilities Strengthen the business and deliver the best customer experience and prepare Bangchak Group for the energy transition for such transactions. The acquisition of 65.99% of Esso's total shares from Exxon Mobil with a business value of Baht 55.5 billion and a share purchase price adjustment mechanism as specified in the share purchase agreement. Based on Esso's reviewed financial statements for the third quarter of 2022, the preliminary price will be approximately 8.84 baht per share or approximately 20 billion baht. Bangchak will use both external sources of capital from loans from financial institutions and from internal cash flows and prepare to make an offer to purchase all remaining shares after the completion of the acquisition of shares from Exxon Mobil. Exxon Mobil will continue to import lubricants and chemicals in Thailand by entering into stock trading transactions subject to compliance with the regulations of relevant regulatory authorities such as the Ministry of Energy. The transaction is expected to be completed by the second half of 2023.
Gold price today, 12 Jan 23, opened the morning market "Gold Jewelry" selling 30,250 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Thursday morning, January 12, 2023, the price is 50 baht discount for "gold bullion", sold out at 29,750 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,250 baht per baht. On January 12, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.32 a.m., the price of gold decreased by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,650 baht, selling out 29,750 baht, "gold jewelry" buying 29,122.36 baht, selling out 30,250 baht, gold price today 2 shillings, 50 satang, gold bullion 2 shillings, buying 14,825 baht, selling out 14,875 baht, gold jewelry 2 shillings, buying 14,556.18 baht, selling out 15,125 baht, buying 1 gold bullion 1 shilling, buying 7,412.5 baht, selling out 7,437.50 baht, buying 7,278.09 baht. Sell out 7,562.50 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,706.25 Baht Sell Out 3,718.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,639.04 Baht Sold out 3,781.25 Baht, however, the price does not include gold, the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
PTTEP Digital business launches 2 subsidiaries to tackle AI and Web3.0 technology|PTTEP set up 2 subsidiaries to provide AI and security services through Web 3.0 technology to enhance competitiveness and find new business development opportunities. Senior Executive Vice President, Finance and Accounting Group, PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited (PTTEP) Notification of the letter to the Stock Exchange of Thailand Revealed that PTTEP Established a subsidiary company to operate artificial intelligence and technology business with details as follows: Bedrock Analytics Co., Ltd. Established with a registered capital of 5,000,000 baht, consisting of: 500,000 ordinary shares at Baht 10 per share by AI & Robotics Ventures Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of PTTEP) holding 100% shares, which aims to provide a city data platform using AI & Machine Learning technology and integrated data analytics. limit Established with a registered capital of 5,000,000 baht, consisting of: 500,000 ordinary shares at Baht 10 per share by AI & Robotics Ventures Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of PTTEP) holding 100% shares. Security and privacy services Digital identity verification and access to personal and corporate information through Web3.0 technology for the establishment of such companies will create competitiveness and find new business development opportunities in line with PTTEP's strategy of SPONSORED.
 Strange but true. The Thai stock market is usually up more than 5% before the elections, keeping an eye on the second half of the year when foreign money may flow out heavily. |Statistics show that usually 3 months before the election, Trinity pointed out that it is a good time for the election to open the country, pushing the economy to bustle, keeping an eye on foreign capital in the second half of the year, risking outflows. The index this year surpassed 1,750 points. managing director Trinity Securities Co., Ltd. revealed that the outlook for the movement of the Thai stock market index in 2023 is expected to be the best in the first quarter, driven mainly by the opening of China's country that will bring tourists to Thailand. and approaching an election that, according to statistics. "The Thai stock market will have its best moments in Q1, driven mainly by China's opening up, pushing the consumption sector and tourism to recovery. "The upcoming elections are considered at the right time, at the same time as China's opening up, resulting in better consumption. Global oil prices began to decline. According to statistics from thailand's past 12 elections, in the three months leading up to the elections, the index had an average return of 5.3%. As Europe begins to recover and China is opening up, foreign money continues to flow into Southeast Asia. In 2022, more than $12 billion has already flowed into ASEAN. It is the highest in history and has an inflow of more than $6 billion. However, the THAI stock market index this year will strengthen in the range of 1,500 points to 1,750 points, with recommendations to invest in global fixed income, REIT and emerging market stocks, including non-dollar assets. Asia Plus Securities Research Group revealed that the overall outlook for the Thai stock market in Q1 was supported by the economic recovery. According to statistics, during 2001-2019, three months before the elections, the Thai stock market will return at the level of 3.9%. GDP growth is expected to be 3.8%, driven by a rebound in tourism. Listed companies' profit growth is expected to be 1.27 million baht. For investment advice in Q1, the stock market is expected to swing in the range of 1,677-1,740 points.
The National Bank has made the Virtual Bank a full-fledged bank, which will only license 3 customers first. Expected Q2/67 results|Bank of Thailand (BOT) The BOT will direct the Virtual Bank according to the level of risk, giving importance to good governance and risk culture, including the continuity of IT services, the efficiency of customer care through digital channels, and the appropriateness of using services from external service providers. The Bot wants to have a virtual bank to see the introduction of new financial services with technology. It provides comprehensive financial services that are suitable for each group of customers, especially retail and SMEs, who have not received adequate financial services and must provide services mainly through digital channels. It also creates a better digital financial service experience for customers. Easy to use, convenient, fast, safe, as well as helping to compete in order to develop innovation and financial services appropriately.  Meanwhile, The BOT emphasizes that there must be no unsustainable nature of business operations, such as accelerating expansion or risky transactions that affect the position, as well as improper competition that affects financial stability, such as providing very high interest rates on deposits to compete with each other, or competing for loans that encourage excessive debt formation and improper use of market power. In particular, the conditions bind business partners to use the service only with virtual banks related to the business.  In terms of qualifications of the applicant to establish a virtual bank, there is a business model that meets the above goals sustainably. It has expertise in information technology, digital services and the use of a variety of data, and most importantly, must have a strong financial position.  However, when a Virtual Bank is in operation for the first 3-5 years, it must operate under specified conditions. The BOT will be closely monitored in order to operate its business steadily. IT DOES NOT POSE A RISK TO THE SPONSORED SYSTEM. The Bot considers that virtual banks are not adequately equipped to provide services or transactions to be carried out or in progress, which may pose a risk to the stability of the financial system or consumers at large. The BOT may consider ordering corrections or requiring the Virtual Bank to take additional action as appropriate.  The next phase of the public hearing from January 12 to February 12 will be open for six months, after which the appropriate candidates will be selected. Initially, it is expected to present a list of those who deserve a license to the Minister of Finance. The company expects to announce the names of those who have been approved to establish a Virtual Bank by Q2/2024 and will enter the preparatory stage before opening. The BOT may consider waiving the operation after 1 year from the date of approval from the Minister of Finance, and it is expected that by Q2/2025, there will be a virtual bank ready to operate.
British Snake Seal Chu "Herbasutik" is trending, breaking the business line to enter the CBD market for the first time.|British Snake Seal "Herbasutic" products are trending and ready to break the business line to enter the CBD market for the first time. Yan emphasizes the cold and scent that is unique to the British snake brand Mr. Anuruth Wongvanich. The Ceo of British Snake Group said that The British Snake Group continues to develop new products and emphasizes the continuous improvement of factory standards and product quality. There are guidelines for product development that must be satisfied with consumers and be good quality products. At an affordable price to match the latest market and consumer trends. We have launched a group of Snake brands. Herbasutic with 4 new products. Herbasutik CBD Calming CBD Lotion applied and inhaled with Premium CBD extract supplemented with aromatic flavors. In the form of meat lotion. Add relaxation, fill the mood often whenever you want. Herbasutik CBD Moisturizing & Protection UV Brightening Body Serum, Skin Care with Hemp Extract Formulated with a rich, light texture, deeply nourishing the skin. This product range is the first collaboration between the British Group of Snakes and Salus. Biosutical, the leader in CBD extract business in Thailand and Southeast Asia, however, is also the first time that the company has expanded its CBD line to the market. Reinforce product quality Stand for the coolness and scent that is unique to the British snake brand. Hope to meet the needs of Thai people to help reduce stress. Create relaxation Target sales from new Snake Brand products By 2023, 200 million baht will be allocated for other product development plans under the Snake brand portfolio. The main target group is the working age between 25-45 years old, or the generation sandwich group, which is the most pressured group, according to the Cigna Well Being Survey 2019. Of the 23 countries surveyed, 91% of Thais admit to having stress above the global average of 84%. Herbasutic will reach and meet the needs of consumers in a precise way, in addition to the British Snake Brand being marketed in Thailand. It has also grown in many international markets, along with studying consumer behavior in each country. To innovate and develop products according to the needs of local consumer groups, as well as develop distribution channels to reach more consumers in the digital age through e-commerce platforms and social media of all brands. Hemp is a new economic crop that has attracted both Thai and international attention from forecasts. Kasikorn Research Center The market value of hemp in Thailand in 2022 is approximately 7,200 million baht. In the next 3 years or 2025, U.S. analysts expect the Thai hemp market to be around 40 billion baht. If including ASEAN The personal care segment is ranked among the top 5 in popularity and classified as an industry that will help drive the economy and create market value for the hemp industry in Thailand.
Central Ramintra completed facelift and is available on 20 Jan 23|Central Ramintra is ready to serve on January 20, 2023, after a 29-year facelift on January 12, 2023, the reporter reported that Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) has completed the renovation of Central Ramintra shopping center, which will open on January 20, 2023. The new Central Ramintra will complement the diverse lifestyles of people. THE AREA IS A NEW DESTINATION WITH QUALITY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND A COMMUNITY FOR EVERYONE, INCLUDING FAMILIES, WORKING PEOPLE AND YOUNG PEOPLE.
The trend of "gold prices" during the Chinese New Year is bustling. THB 28,900-30,400|YLG points to "Chinese New Year 2023", gold moves actively, expects domestic bullion to move 28,900-30,400 baht per baht Introducing gold cards - small gold coins Starting in thousands as a Chinese New Year gift Mrs. Pawan Nawawattanasap Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG) revealed that the direction of gold prices ahead of Chinese New Year this year will continue to be active from the beginning of the month. To give as a gift during the Chinese New Year. Gold at the beginning of this year continued to rise to a 7-month high due to positive buying pressures from the Fed's interest rate hike direction and the influx of money into the gold market. Due to concerns about the risk of a recession, gold prices have stabilized at a high level. YLG estimates that before the Lunar New Year, gold prices will move in the range of USD 1,824-1,916 per ounce. Domestic gold bullion is expected to move close to 28,900-30,400 baht per gold baht. The baht has strengthened during this period. YLG recommends selling profits periodically if the price rises closer to the resistance, as the price has already risen sufficiently from the end of last year and then returned to buying when the price breaks closer to the support of 1,843-1,824, while the resistance looks at 1,898-1,916.
This evening, don't forget to stop by and increase the "fuel price" of all types except diesel.|"PTT Station" and "Bangchak" announced a 30-baht increase in gasohol prices. As for the high-premium 97 and "diesel" products, the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 12th. Jan 2023 Reporter reports that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 15 December 2022, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 34.75 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.48 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.84 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.29 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 42.24 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Thai stocks today, January 12, 2023, ended the afternoon up 1.70 points, the index was at 1,687 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was up 1.70 to 1,687.45. Turnover 72,753.01 On January 12, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 1.70, a change of 0.10%, to 1,687.45. The index peaked at 1,690.32. The index is at a low of 1,679.99. The turnover was 72,753.01 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 3. Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
Shop well have a night in 2023, check clearly what products and service fees. Not participating in the program|What are the benefits of "Shop Dee Me Night 2023" project? What are the criteria and conditions, and clearly check what kind of "product and service fee" does not participate in "Shop Dee Me Night 2023", it is an opportunity for entrepreneurs who are in the tax system. From January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023, the actual amount paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht can be deducted from personal tax not exceeding 30,000 baht (must have a full tax invoice in paper or full electronic form tax invoice via the Revenue Department's e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt) and purchase of goods or service charges not exceeding 10,000 baht (must have a full electronic invoice via the Revenue Department's e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt system only). 86/4 of the Revenue Code, unless the following purchases or service charges are payable to non-VAT registrants, in case of purchase of goods or services from non-VAT registrants, for the amount not exceeding 30,000 baht, a receipt under Section 105 of the Revenue Code must be received in paper or e-Receipt, while the amount not exceeding 10,000 Baht must be received in accordance with Section 105 of the Revenue Code in the form of an electronic receipt (e-Receipt). Other methods and conditions are as specified by the Director-General of the Revenue Department, such as general methods of exercising rights, methods of exercising the rights of husbands and wives, prohibition of the exercise of rights of income earners who are VAT registered entrepreneurs. Evidence for exercising rights, etc.
KTC launches "KTC Debt Clearing" campaign in 2023 to reward loan members with discipline|KTC Ms. Phichamon Jitpentham, Chief Executive Officer – Personal Loan Division, Krungthai Card Public Company Limited or KTC, said that this year KTC launched the 14th Debt Clearing Program with the intention of rewarding discipline for both KTC Proud cash card members and KTC members. Brother Bum This year, members will be eligible to win prizes worth more than 7 million baht. From 1 Jan 23 - 31 Jan 2023 December 2023 divided into 1st prize, 12 discount vouchers to clear debts (12 rounds of prize draw, 1 prize round) 2nd prize: 588 discount vouchers for debt reduction (12 draws, 49 prizes each) for members to be eligible for the debt clearing program. Transfer, press installment every 2,000 baht and hold for at least 15 consecutive days every day from the date of credit limit usage (unlimited number of privileges). For members who pay debts not less than the minimum billing amount and pay within the due date of payment in that period. You can register for the campaign once and win prizes throughout 2023 via www.ktc.co.th/cleardebt66 website or SMS typed OK66 followed by 16-digit card number and send to 061-364-5000 For more information, please contact KTC PHONE 02 123 5000 press 0 press 2SPONSORED
Cancer patients can now take expensive medicines.|Ms. Kulya Tantitemit Director General of the Comptroller General The Comptroller General's Department has revised the criteria for reimbursement of medical expenses for cancer and hematology patients, which require costly medications, including improving indication conditions for reimbursement of medicines in the Direct Reimbursement Program for Cancer and Hematology patients or the OCPA system, the list of Bortezomib drugs used to treat multiple myeloma leukemia (MM) by allowing both transplant candidates and non-transplant candidates (no age limit) to use Bortezomib as the first parallel. It is intended that eligible persons and their families who exercise their welfare rights to treat civil servants are treated more appropriately and effectively."
A 2023 survey revealed that 49% of Thais raise animals instead of their children, and slaves pay an average of 1-20 thousand animals per year.|Asst.Prof.Dr.Boonying Kongachapat Head of Marketing College of Management, Mahidol University (CMMU) said the pet business market has grown significantly in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. By 2026, the world's pet market is expected to reach USD 217,615 million, or an average annual growth of 7.2%. Thailand's pet market value is projected to grow by an average of 8.4% annually to Thb 66,748 million by 2026, in line with thailand's animal husbandry rate, according to the Dog-Cat Registration Database. But the birth rate of children in Thailand since 2017 has decreased significantly, reflecting the large number of families who prefer pets to complement their sponsored families. Many brands choose to market in the pet marketing approach to communicate their brand to the herders. The marketing strategy that brands use "pets" as part of their brand identity to help communicate and create memories or for marketing benefits, with advertising images containing both animals and products in the advertisements affecting purchasing decisions by 43.82% because animals will help attract consumers' attention. Pet Influencer is an influential pet that can bring marketing benefits both to promote products or services and to entertain followers. Generate substantial income Mr. Patcharapan Tiensiri A graduate student at Mahidol University's College of Management (CMMU), who led the research team, said CMMU surveyed the sample by answering a questionnaire. 1,046 people surveyed the sample through in-depth interviews. Of the 100 respondents, 66.8% were females, 22.3% were males, and 10.9% were queer, 34% were generation Y between 24 and 41 years old, 77.3% were pet parents, 49% were pet prestige, 34% were pet healing, 18% were pet healing, 40.4% were dogs, 37.1% were cats, and 22.6% were exotic.
Tourism tightens economic recovery Reaching 2023 target of 2.38 trillion baht|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) "Visit Thailand Year 2023 and Visit Thailand Year 2023: Amazing New Chapters that this year 2023, many people talk about the recession and the only engine that will keep the economy going is tourism. Meanwhile, 189 million Thais visited the country, higher than the target of 165 million/time. The revenue section has to wait for the Ministry of Tourism and Sports to conclude. It is expected that the target of 1.5 trillion baht will be met. In 2023, the total revenue target of 2.38 trillion baht will be to revive the economy through intensive tourism," the TAT governor said, adding that Thailand's Amazing Thai land Countdown 2023 festival, which screens fireworks and light displays of Wat Arun, has been broadcast worldwide on CNN, BBC and Reuters, especially CNN's 10-minute livestream, which is a record long, reflecting that Thai tourism is back. TAT's Deputy Governor for Asia and The South Pacific said 2023 will be the year of the Great Resumption of Thai tourism. Under Visit Thailand Year 2023, especially the return of Chinese tourists. This must be both quantitative and qualitative, and of course, there will definitely be 4 countries that visit Thailand throughout the year, exceeding 1 million people, namely China, 5 million people. Malaysia: 2 million South Korea 1.1-1.2 million and India 2 million.
The confidence index moves up, lifting the panel!|Mr. Thanawat Polvichai, President and Chief Advisor of the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce The consumer confidence survey was released in November 2018. Dec 2022 It rose for the seventh consecutive month and reached a 25-month high of 49.7, up from 47.9 in November. Nov 2022, The current consumer confidence index is at 34.6, up from a 21-month high of 32.6, and the future confidence index is at 56.9, up from 55.2, a 21-month high. The overall confidence index was at 43.9, up from 42.0, the job prospects index was at 47.0, up from 45.2, and the confidence index about future earnings was at 58.1, up from 56.4. After a clear recovery in tourism. Both Thai and foreign tourists' tourism, as well as covid in the country, have improved. As a result, there has been an increase in domestic cash flow and improved economic activity in various regions, coupled with a sharp drop in gasoline prices from the first half of the year, making people feel relaxed about the cost of living. But some consumers are still worried about the rising cost of living. Russian and Ukrainian War "The continued improvement of the index is a good start to show that consumers are starting to regain confidence that the economy is starting to recover and will start spending more in the first quarter of this year." It is expected to grow by 3.5-4.0%, but it is highly likely to grow by 4% due to chinese tourists arriving earlier than expected, as well as the global economy not collapsing sharply due to lower US inflation pressures and not too expensive oil prices.
The Prime Minister has ordered the 2024 budget to be used cost-effectively and maintain fiscal discipline.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister revealed during the opening of the seminar on policy and guidelines for budgeting expenditure for fiscal year 2024, attended by the Cabinet, heads of government agencies, provincial governors, executives of the Budget Office, and executives of state enterprises. As well as accelerating the country's competitiveness. Supporting digital infrastructure investment Upskilling workers Supporting tourism recovery Promoting bioeconomy, circular economy and green economy (BCG), as well as providing appropriate welfare to various groups of Thais. The priority is for vulnerable groups. Under the framework of the 2024 expenditure budget of 3.35 trillion baht and the investment budget of state enterprises with a limit of 505 billion baht. As for the regular budget, a large proportion asks to be used cost-effectively. so Fiscal management therefore needs to be carried out with prudence. Strictly maintain discipline and fiscal stability. Revenue collection and public spending must be appropriate and sustainable. It can support the country's development effectively and not cause long-term fiscal burdens. THE GOVERNMENT HAS PREPARED A MEDIUM-TERM FISCAL PLAN FOR THE FISCAL YEAR 2024-17 TARGETING THE RATIO OF THE FISCAL DEFICIT TO GDP TO CONTINUE TO DECLINE AND NOT EXCEED 3% IN ACCORDANCE WITH INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS.
Chinese New Year this year, the city people spend 12 billion. The grandchildren made up their minds!|KResearch estimates that spending during the Chinese New Year in 2023 will be 12,330 million baht, or 5.0% growth compared to the previous Chinese New Year, which is the third largest increase in three years, as a result of a 3.5% increase in product prices compared to the previous year. As a result, people remain cautious about spending by increasing reserves to buy offerings, but reducing the distribution of offerings. Meanwhile, the number of Bangkokians participating in Chinese New Year activities may increase by 1.5% from the previous year, especially the return of tourism/ philanthropy/dining out, driven by the relaxation of COVID-19 and good night shopping measures. However, after the Chinese New Year, Bangkokians are expected to return to spending plans more concisely. Amid the high cost of living for the direction, the price of most offerings also tends to rise compared to the previous year. Due to the high cost of production, especially some fruits and vegetables that are popular during Chinese New Year, the price is still higher by at least 20%, such as golden banana, tangerine, Chinese cabbage, celery, etc. Meanwhile, meat such as chicken should increase by about 10%, while pork, although the price has fallen from the previous year, is still high, causing Bangkokians to participate in this Chinese New Year event. IT ALSO FACES PRESSURE FROM RISING PRODUCT PRICES.
KFC debuts thousand-fried chicken incense stick for Chinese New Year, believes campaign to resonate with Gen Z|KFC debuts "Colonel's Fried Chicken Incense" Chinese New Year 2023 is confident that the campaign will build relationships between brands and Gen Z people through the culture of Chinese Thais Suhail Limbada. KFC Thailand's Chief Marketing Officer said that KFC wants to strengthen its relationship with Gen Z through the culture of Chinese Thais, and Chinese New Year is the perfect opportunity. A group of young people who are always looking for novelty and uniqueness from the colonel's world-renowned fried chicken, KFC sparks a mixed tribute. Infused with 11 herbs from KFC's secret recipe, KFC gives everyone a delicious fried chicken scent. Strengthen your bond with your family. Colonel's fried chicken incense The 11 incense sticks are made using chemical-free ingredients before being packed into a chic red box. KFC Delivery is a heng heng bucket set for only 355 baht from the usual 588 baht, only ordered via KFC Thailand app or www.kfc.co.th website for Gen Z to enjoy fried chicken with their families during Chinese New Year. Chief Creative Officer, Wonderman Thomson KFC Thailand said that creating the colonel's fried chicken incense stick was a huge challenge in extracting the original fried chicken scent to get the same classic scent as KFC fried chicken as soon as it was launched on Jan. 9, 2023. It can create buzz on social media and create conversations among the target audience about the culture and traditions of Chinese Thais as well through this thousand's fried chicken incense stick.
Gold price today last 13 Jan 23 opened Friday morning, jewelry sold out 30,300 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opened on Friday morning, January 13, 2023, the price did not increase, not discount, for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 29,800 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,300 baht on January 13, 2023. Baht 29,800 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,167.84 baht per baht. Baht 30,300 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,850 baht sell out 14,900 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 14,583.92 baht sell out 15,150 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion buy 7,425 baht sell out 7,450 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,291.96 baht sell out 7,575 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.5 baht sell out 3,725 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,645.98 baht sell out 3,787.5 baht SPONSORED. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Origin of the Bank of Thailand|supreet suwannik Poi Ngpakorn Economic Research Institute Happy New Year 2023 to all readers. This year marks the 81st anniversary of the Bank of Thailand, also known as the Bank of Thailand, which stewards the Thai economy to grow sustainably and maintain the country's financial system stable. Dr. Sara Chuenchoksan and Mr. Nithisarn Pongpiyapaiboon The beginning of the National Bank occurred in 1942, during World War II, when the Japanese Empire landed into Thailand. Inevitably, Thailand will have to submit to alliances. Japan wants to set up a central bank in Thailand. To be the financial controller, with the head and advisor being all Japanese. This is unacceptable in Thailand. Because we cannot allow foreigners to control the financial system in the country at will. In just 2 months, the Bank of Thailand was officially established on December 10, 1942, following the establishment and preparation of the Bank of Thailand in advance, confirming to Japan that Thailand already had an agency responsible for finance. There was no need for Japan to act as a central bank, so the national bank was born to protect the country's "financial sovereignty" and had to solve the financial crisis from day one. There was a huge demand for baht, both from the Japanese military and the government, so there was a request to "print more money" to spend in the system, before Japan entered Thailand, there were about 275 million baht in use, but when the war ended, Thailand printed banknotes for almost 2,000 million baht, or 7 times more, in less than 4 years. When World War II ended Although Thailand still faces some inflation problems, it has successfully survived the hyperinflation crisis, an interesting point in 1946 was when the government and the Bank of Thailand had different opinions on how to reduce the amount of money in the system to control inflation. When there is a disagreement and there is no other way to counter it. Therefore, King Wiwatchai announced his resignation in order to take a position to uphold the right principles and have the common interest as the ultimate goal, since the establishment of the National Bank there was one thing that was created: a spirit that takes the interests of the country and the people as a priority and has been adhered to until now.
Thai stocks today, January 13, 2023, ended the morning trading down 10.94 points, the index was at 1,676 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed the morning down 10.94. The index is at 1,676.51. Turnover 54,308.00 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on January 13, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 10.94 percent. The index was at 1,676.51. The turnover was 54,308.00 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Total Access Company Limited Communications Public Company Limited.
Insights into Blue Venture Group Car insurance claims platform wading into the stock market hoping to flag Thailand in Vietnam|AI technology is playing an important role in all aspects of people's lives and business, not even in the car insurance industry, which wants to assess the price of property damage caused by accidents.   However, the Thai auto insurance industry has already started to use AI, starting with the use of damage estimation from hundreds of thousands of databases. Millions of items to evaluate the workpieces that need to be repaired. Mrs. Nawarat Wongthitirat Director and Chief Executive Officer Blue Venture Group Public Company Limited (the Company) or BVG Platform and application providers for insurance business Revealed that the company is one of the leaders in the automotive insurance business group BVG. The company operates its business in 4 parts: 1. The business provides platform systems and applications for managing businesses related to car insurance (system 2.The business provides platform systems and applications for managing medical benefits and claims. 3. Actuarial consulting business 4. EMCS is the core business of the company and we have adopted AI technology to enhance customer service, especially the valuation of repair work that requires accuracy in the assessment that AI will help calculate the right price. There will be problems with the completeness of the work that needs to be claimed for insurance or the standard of appraisal, and these assessments will depend on the opinion of the assessor, so we use AI to help solve the problem. Since the development of the first version of AI, BVG has already added more than 200,000 images and has been added continuously, now the company's AI has been developed in the 3rd version and has already reached 6 companies, and this year will expand to more new customers.  Insurance claims involve many parties, including insurance companies, damage surveyors, etc. Therefore, a central platform business was formed to facilitate those involved.  In 2021, the Company has a customer base of more than 3,700 customers. Standard service centers, garages, car glass replacement shops In 2021, insurance companies using EMCS had 10.7 million voluntary car insurance policies out of a total of 11.0 million (representing 97% of the total number of voluntary car insurance policies). The company uses approximately 1.5 million claims per year through its platform, so the company sees the development of EMCS systems, expanding the services and network of garages, as well as standardizing valuations, especially using AI to help judge and evaluate repair costs by entering the stock market to invade foreign countries. 1.Newly issued ordinary shares not exceeding 90,000,000 shares 2.Existing ordinary shares offered by Thai Reinsurance Public Company Limited No more than 67,500,000 shares 157,500,000 shares consisting of 1.Newly issued ordinary shares not exceeding 90,000,000 shares 2.Existing ordinary shares offered by Thai Reinsurance Public Company Limited No more than 67,500,000 shares with KGI Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited as financial advisor The purpose of the money will be to develop AI and information systems. Expand business to ASEAN countries And use working capital to operate the business by Mr. Nawarat The company is looking to expand its market to high-growth countries in Vietnam and Cambodia, where the economy is growing high. ON THE COMPETITIVE SIDE, BVG'S PLATFORM IS BELIEVED TO BE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH FOREIGN COUNTRIES WITH A GREATER UNDERSTANDING OF THE MARKET.
Unravel marketing secrets Dentiste, a Thai toothpaste brand, how to grow in Japan, Korea|Pharmacist Dr. Sangsuk Pitayanukul The Managing Director of Siam Health Group Co., Ltd., an importer and supplier of dental premium oral care products or DENTISTE', said: "2023 is the second year we have achieved this year. Lisa Lalisa Manobal became Dentiste's brand ambassador, having Lisa was a clearer branding than before, especially when it comes to overseas marketing. When we have Lisa, we can market it very easily because most people know Lisa. As for growing in Thailand, The brand's products grow in all categories. Originally we used about 80 million advertising budgets, but now with Lisa, this budget is reduced to 30 million, we think that ok, many people may think that we have to hire a presenter very expensive, but we actually have both brand and sales. This is functional, but if you look at it from an emotional perspective, Lisa is a superstar. This is the most perfect, "It's our good fortune. At first, I wasn't sure if the camp and I would accept him as a presenter, but since we were the number one selling premium toothpaste brand in Korea, the camp asked Lisa if she was interested. At the time, I didn't know it was Thai toothpaste, so Lisa was a brand ambassador, which was very gratifying." Thai toothpaste brand growing up in Japan, Korea pharmacist Dr. Sangsuk said that it is quite difficult for Thai products to be marketed in Japan and Korea. The chances of Japanese people using toothpaste that sells for no more than 500 yen are quite difficult, but we launched it at 1,500 yen, so there must be something beyond emotion. What people hate the most is the smell. Enough to go a little deeper. The most disliked smells are bad breath and body odor. We can see that Japanese people brush their teeth 3 times a day, and Japanese people do not show love in public, so we created the toothpaste brand as Love Toothpaste Couple Toothpaste or Couple Toothpaste"Believe it or not, the distribution in Japan says that during covid, sales of all products have fallen except Dentiste toothpaste, as well as Korea. We have marketed 12% both online and offline"Products must have all the options to fulfill their functions. Dentiste uses this insight as another big challenge in developing products to better meet the target audience in the Premium Segment. When there is a new product, we have to have 10 wows because consumers buy things with emotion. We have to have the option to fulfill all functions, both emotional buying and buying because we want to use it in practice. I've noticed, if a product is a little different, a small difference doesn't survive. Our 2023 strategy will include more innovation-related products now with Dentiste toothpaste. In the future, we will make overseas sales at 80% and Thailand 20%. 
SET launches TDX to trade Q3 digital tokens with 3 ICO portals |Mr. Kitti Suttiattasilp Managing Director, Thai Digital Asset Exchange Company Limited in the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) Group Revealing the progress of TDX with Thairath Money, it said that after TDX was approved by the SEC as a digital token exchange provider. In March 2022, Currently, TDX has already activated its license from the SEC and is expected to be ready for service in Q3/2023. In the meantime, TDX is working on two issues: security and IT audit in every process. "We are looking for strengths as TDX as a platform provider, so security is not a concern, because when it comes to storage and key custodians, we have the resources available to invest in hardware." Mr. Kitti said that while the technical process must be a top priority to prevent money laundering, that is, when an ICO Portal receives a token and then transfers it into the wallet of TDX for forex trading, it must be able to ensure that the origin and destination are of the same name. "Investors who have purchased tokens from the outside market and will trade on the secondary market, it is TDX's duty to receive a list, both origin and destination, we must be able to prove that both accounts must be the same person, so kyc must be verified first." At present, TDX has ICO Portal, a provider of digital token offering systems, to join 3 partners, namely Qbix Digital Asset Co., Ltd. or Kubix, a subsidiary of Kasikorn Bank, Token X Co., Ltd. or TokenX, one of the subsidiaries of SCBx Group, and XSpring Digital Co., Ltd. or XSpring Digital, a subsidiary of XSpring Digital Co., Ltd. All of which have been licensed by the SEC. In addition, there are two pipelines that are in the process of obtaining licenses, and the SET has invested in ICHX Tech, the owner of ADDX, a leading integrated digital securities services platform in Singapore, which will further develop its business with TDX. If a token is issued in Thailand Depending on the will of issuers, who want to offer digital tokens where they want to list, addx itself is a fairly liquid market. However, Mr. Kitti concluded that the digital asset market is still only in its infancy, including in Thailand itself, where TDX is considered a subsidiary platform of the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Therefore, when issuers want to raise capital through the ICO Portal and will be traded on exchange, TDX as a platform will serve to help manage, which also increases the options to raise capital and invest for market participants.
Gourmet Chinese New Year campaign expected to reach over 400 million sales|Gourmet Market and Gourmet Eats, a subsidiary of The Mall, launched a campaign to celebrate Chinese New Year, with sales expected to reach more than 400 million Mr. Supawut Chaiprasitkul. Chief Executive Officer, Supermarket & Food Management Group The Mall Group Co., Ltd. said that based on the market outlook for Q4/22, We are seeing signs that consumer spending is steadily increasing and is expected to continue to improve because there are many positive factors that will support it, whether it is tourism, as China has already opened, as well as the upcoming Chinese New Year, which is an important tradition that has been passed down. However, we expect that the Chinese New Year 2023 will be as bustling as it was before the COVID pandemic, and will continue to receive good feedback from customers as in the past. With the main support from the government's policy, the Shop Dee Me Back SPONSORED program is an encouragement for people to bring the expenses from the purchase of goods and services for tax deduction according to the actual amount paid but not exceeding 40,000 baht, effective from January 1 to February 15, with the new year targeting sales of both Gourmet Market and Gourmet Eats totaling more than 400 million baht for Chinese New Year 2023. We have also partnered with famous market shops. Bring traditional Chinese worship equipment to customers in one place. We have selected 8 auspicious dishes. From famous restaurants such as Market Hall, Food Hall, Food court, Take Home Shop, Take Home Local, you can enjoy chinese new year celebrations and add auspiciousness.
People who use sohol cry heavily, raising the "price of gas", all kinds of sohols except diesel remain the same.|This evening, don't forget to stop by and refill "PTT. Station" and "Bangchak" announce a hike in "oil prices" of gasohol group by 50 baht. High Premium 97 products increased by 30 sat. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 13th. Jan 2023 Reporter reports that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products. The High Premium 97 segment increased by 30 satang/litre, while the "diesel" segment remained the same. Effective from 5 a.m. on the 14th. GSH95S EVO at 35.25 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.98 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.34 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.79 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 42.54 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Thai stocks today, January 13, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 5.72 points, the index was at 1,681 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon session, the index was down 5.72 points at 1,681.73 points with a turnover of 87,664.02 million baht. The index was at 1,681.73. The index peaked at 1,695.99. The index is at a low of 1,673.92. The turnover was 87,664.02 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited.
Petrol price today 13 Jan 2023 Compared to the price of 4 pumps, how many baht per liter?|"Oil Prices Today" 13 Jan 23 Updated prices of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared from 4 pumps. January 2023 Reporter reports oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32.00 Baht/liter. 84 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.29 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.24 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 40.24 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline E20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 32.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 84 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.29 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 34.78 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.05 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 42.54 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter T5.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 44.26 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 32.84 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 34.48 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 34.75 baht/liter Diesel B7 is at 35.24 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 42.24 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter.
When dtac Not just mobile services, keep an eye on the business direction after the merger.|When dtac does not just provide mobile services, keep an eye on the business direction after the merger of True. True and dtac's merger of digital services is nearing completion. After the two companies prepared to call a shareholders' meeting on February 23, 2023 to move forward with the shareholders' approval to designate a new name under the name True Corporation Public Company Limited or TRUE, and to appoint 11 new directors, the company will stop trading on February 20 - March 2, 2023. In terms of consumers, it is still doubtful if True merges dtac, especially dtac users, how it will be affected. dtac brand continues to provide services that customers can use normally, but will benefit more, but originally only had mobile phones, but if the merger is completed, there will be either broadband internet or home internet. True will have both 5G signal and high-speed internet coverage to cover the area or coverage and increase capacity and increase WiFi access points to connect to buildings, shopping centers, public spaces in addition to 5G and 4G. dtac customers are located in the city. Outside the city, remote areas, or whether it is anyone, people, students. Businessman, Merchant, Trader As for the benefits and privileges, dtac customers also use dtac reward privileges and True customers use TrueYou from partner stores. However, True and dtac have maintained the same brand and have been providing services separately for 3 years, according to the NBTC. defined.
3,000 Chinese businessmen targeted at $500 billion trade value|Thai-Chinese Chamber of Commerce joins hands with Thai-Chinese Cultural Council and Thairath Group to build bridges between Thai-Chinese businessmen around the world It increases the value of trade, investment, and tourism by hundreds of billions of U.S. dollars. Buddhapornmongkol Chairman of the Thai-Chinese Chamber of Commerce and the Board of Directors of the Thai-Chinese Chamber of Commerce Opportunities for Thairath Group include: Thai Rath Newspaper Thairath TV and Thairath Online conducted an exclusive interview to host The World Enterpreneurs Convention (WCEC) during November 2018. The meeting was a collaboration between the Singapore-China Chamber of Commerce, the Hong Kong-China Chamber of Commerce and the Thai-Chinese Chamber of Commerce as the initiators of cooperation between Chinese people in countries around the world to have the opportunity to trade with each other and help each other in times of economic problems, including the COVID-19 pandemic. The country's reopening announcement on Jan. 8 gives Chinese people around the world affected by COVID a chance to turn the crisis into an opportunity. By jointly pushing Chinese entrepreneurs to accelerate their development in conjunction with mainland China's modern technology. The WCEC will be held from June 24-26, 2023 at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, attended by more than 3,000 Chinese businessmen from around the world and from China. There will be more than 3,000 attendees and will bring in entrepreneurs from a variety of backgrounds. Many Chinese businesses have come to Thailand, whether it is new businesses such as electric cars, machinery, etc. Agriculture, chemical industry and others, which could generate up to 40 billion baht in revenue to Thailand. Because the attendees will bring their followers and families to Thailand with investments, "Early in the opening of the country, students may return to study after a long period of online learning. In addition, it will be those who ask to visit relatives. Next, I believe that Chinese people will visit Thailand rather than go to other countries that are too strict about covid testing, and there are many countries that do not want Chinese people to travel. The Chinese know this, and no one wants to go to a country they don't want. It is believed that the first country that Chinese people want to come to the most is Thailand," Mr. Pinit Jarumbat, chairman of the Thai-Chinese Cultural Council, also told reporters. Have an understanding of each other like brothers. "I am convinced that trade and investment, as well as modern technology from China, will flow into Thailand in large numbers. He added that increasing cooperation in many areas between Thailand and China is of great importance to Thailand. Thailand's trade value with China between USD 200 billion could increase to USD 400 billion to USD 500 billion in just 2-3 years. If Thailand and China have a good relationship, "Thailand's tourism tourism potential could increase from 40 million to 50 million in no time too far. If the Thai government revises the tariff system and enhances various forms of relations with China, it will greatly benefit Thailand."
The treasury finds a way to carry the hotel, allowing access to financial resources.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that he has instructed the Office of Fiscal Policy (OIC) to consult with the Thai Hotel Association and the Government Savings Bank to find a solution to help small hotel businesses, especially in Phuket, to support access to capital to enhance liquidity. Improve your business Tourism is recovering. In the past, the government has helped tourism businesses to access loans with continuously relaxed conditions. However, there are still small businesses that do not have access to this part of the loan. If the EEC and the Government Savings Bank listen to the problem Mr. Vithai Rattanakorn, Director of The Savings Bank, said that the savings bank has now received a policy from the Finance Minister who ordered them to go into detail. The problem is that smaller hotels still do not have access to credit. THE COMPANY WILL LOOK INTO THE DETAILS OF THE PROBLEM AND FIND A SOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM AND WILL REPORT IT BACK TO THE PUBLIC.
BOI does not fear global recession, flocks to Thailand's highest investment after COVID In 2022, it surpassed 660 billion.|Mr. Narit Thodsathirasak Secretary-General of the Board of Investment (BOI) Revealed that in 2022, There were a total of 2,119 investment promotion projects, an increase of 41% compared to the same period in 2021, and an investment of 664,630 million baht. The 39% increase was the highest since covid-19. In addition, the issuance of a promotion card, which is the closest step to real investment. In 2022, there were 1,490 projects issued, an increase of 9%, and an investment value of 489,090 million baht. 21 This is a good sign that in the next 1-2 years, there will be even more real investment for the promotion of investment in 12 target industries in 2022, with an investment of 468,668 million baht. This represents 71% of the value of the promotion application, mainly in the electronics and electrical appliances industry of 129,475 million baht. Followed by automotive and parts industry 105,371 million baht. Agro-industry and food processing 81,731 million baht Petrochemical and Chemical Industry 59,762 Million Baht and Digital Industry 49,458 Million Baht In addition, there are large-scale investment projects such as electric vehicles such as BEV, PHEV and hybrid vehicles worth 53 billion baht (major investors such as BYD and Horison Plus). Data Center 42,000 million baht (Major investors such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and PTT's natural gas separation plant 18,000 million bahtSPONSORED. 84% increase in foreign investment promotion (FDI) applications 433,971 million baht The highest increase was China at 77,381 million baht. Japan 50,767 million baht U.S. 50,296 million baht, Taiwan 45,215 million baht and Singapore 44,286 million baht for investment outlook in 2023 under a highly uncertain and slowing global economy. It is expected that Thailand will maintain an investment level of at least 500,000-600,000 million baht due to its strong infrastructure and production base not in geopolitical conflicts. In addition, BOI board approved investment promotion of 15,784 million baht in large-scale projects, including battery production project for electric vehicles of BYD Auto Components (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 3,893 million baht. Carbon Black production project of Thai Tokai Carbon Products Co., Ltd. 9,490 million baht and waste fuel production project of TPI Polyne Power Public Company Limited 2,401 million baht. Million Baht.
Popular profession "Food Truck" with little investment, reaching people to buy.|Mr. Poonpong Nainapakorn The Director of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy revealed that the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy (NIA) has been following the interesting trade trend of food trucks in the form of food trucks or mobile kitchens, which originated from Texas, USA. According to TBIC Food Truck Thailand, the Thai food truck market is growing well, with approximately 2,800 food trucks nationwide in 2021 and 3,100 units in 2022, or 10% more. In addition to being able to move services to different locations, creating convenience, flexibility and easy access to customers, it can be seen from the presence of food trucks at important places such as booths. There are even food support services that bring food trucks to support star artists who started in South Korea and have already started appearing in Thailand. Food truck business is another option for small entrepreneurs who want to start owning a business.
Deciphering "China and Thailand are not far apart...brothers and sisters" through the sharp perspective of "Phinit Jarusombat"|After putting his political hand on the national ranks. Former Deputy Prime Minister and 8-time Minister Pinit Jarusombat would like to dedicate himself to the role of Chairman of the Thai-Chinese Cultural Council and promote relations to serve as a small bridge connecting Thailand-China relations to be more stable than steel fibers. Today we read the future from the fact that China is a trading market. Efforts must be made to strengthen friendships, not to have loopholes. We need to encourage back and forth discussions. Exchanges, seminars, roadshows and product introductions Today, the Chinese government has declared an end to poverty and is raising the level of people to share equally. This means that middle-income Chinese citizens will be lifted out of poverty. 800–900 Million people Therefore, the purchasing power will be very large. Item requirements Food, fruits and meat will inevitably affect Thailand. We will raise the economy. Thailand's trade numbers with China have increased from $200 billion to $500 billion and trillion in 1-2 trillions. Years ahead Once there is a goal, the duties must be divided. Who goes to which county, which city, what product to bring? What kind of agricultural fruits invade the counties? We must cooperate with China to develop a leap forward in relations. "SPONSORED" UNDER PRESIDENT XI JINPING'S ADMINISTRATION, CHINA HAS BEEN ABLE TO COMPLETELY TACKLE DOMESTIC POVERTY. The CCP makes 1.4 billion people. Having food available is a big deal, because it just gives people a factor of four. Public health insurance Education, electricity and water supply are considered superlative, but the CCP has made life peaceful, stress-free and highly secure. Unlike many countries in the world, citizens are very stressed. President Xi Jinping's performance The public is tangible and has many benefits. In addition to technology, industry, and livelihoods, there is also an emphasis on art, culture, and preserving Chinese identity. Today, the world is stunned by China's development, which has managed to bring 1.4 billion people. Live well. At the same time, it has been generous to the international community. Especially the people in poor countries. This is evidenced by the fight against COVID-19. China plays a huge role in providing assistance in both vaccines and medical equipment, as well as sending medical personnel to help internationally. It has been highly appreciated by the world as an indication that Chinese leaders are confident that they can leave the country. Thailand's trip to the APEC meeting underscores China's stance in supporting APEC leaders, with China being Thailand's key economic partner. The Chinese leader discussed with APEC member states the region's economic unification avenues and discussed with southeast Asian economic zone leaders on strategic cooperation. As well as discussing with pacific island economic zone leaders about the Sustainable Development Blueprint. China's role in APEC also focuses on community awareness initiatives with a shared future. By deepening partnerships. China's stance on APEC by standing firm in principle to build cooperation with economic zones to achieve common victories, china's image has become more accepted by other economic zones and developed into a mainstay of the new polar world. MAJOR COUNTRIES HAVE SUPPORTED SPONSORED SINCE ESTABLISHING DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH EACH OTHER. On July 1, 1975, Thai-Chinese relations became close. Visits are exchanged at all levels and deepen cooperation in all dimensions. His Majesty's visit to China has also contributed significantly to strengthening and strengthening Thai-Chinese relations, as well as promoting friendship and understanding between the peoples of the two countries. China is Thailand's number one trading partner and Thailand's number one tourist market. The Chinese leader's in-person visit to the APEC meeting was a confidence building and warmth between Thailand and China. As brothers and sisters in difficult times, SPONSORED the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic. Today, China's National Health Commission (NHC) has announced the relaxation of covid-19 management measures to Category B level from the current Category A level, which is the ultimate preventive measure. At the same time, Chinese citizens are allowed to leave the country. CHINA'S OFFICIAL FIGURES SHOW THAT ONLY 5,246 PEOPLE HAVE DIED FROM COVID-19 SINCE THE PANDEMIC BEGAN IN 2020, REFLECTING BEIJING'S EFFECTIVENESS IN RESPONDING TO THE COVID-19 SUPPORTED VIRUS. Domestic Following criticism from Western media for reporting China's COVID-19 cases and deaths since the pandemic began in 2020, China has been sharing relevant information with transparency to the international community and the World Health Organization, including sharing information about the genetic sequencing of the novel coronavirus. It contributes to the development of vaccines and medicines in different countries. Chinese authorities have opted for zero COVID measures because of its population of 1.4 billion. Vast area If management is indecisive and inefficient Preventing an epidemic will be more difficult. Therefore, the Chinese authorities chose to block areas where there is an outbreak. China has done so well that it has been praised by the World Health Organization for handling this best. There is a mortality rate from COVID-19. It is the smallest in the world and can sustain the least losses. Implementing lockdown measures in areas where there is an outbreak to prevent people from entering and exiting. This saves resources, saves medicines and medical equipment, but there is a disadvantage that people cannot go around because China is very strict and manages the administration concretely according to the reality in each area. The whole country is vaccinated with the deadly virus, and when they get sick, they prefer to use traditional Chinese medicine rather than go to the hospital to say that the Chinese vaccine is bad, cannot speak. The entire Chinese nation has vaccinated thousands of Chinese people. Today, you don't have to wear a mask anymore, it's all controlled, it's working well. If there wasn't enough standard, he wouldn't dare to take it out, because the consequences would be huge. It must be emphasized that the vaccines that come out are emergency vaccines in times of crisis. On a global scale, there is politics between the Western and Eastern camps. Try to use vaccines as a tool to pound and exploit. We must exercise discretion in keeping up with the facts, and to be fair, many countries expect economic recovery from the return of Chinese tourists. Meanwhile, some countries are paranoid that a new wave of the pandemic will come with Chinese tourists. Thailand has made it clear that it will implement equal disease prevention measures for travelers from all countries. Without discrimination, it is considered very attractive to Chinese people, we should use scientific evidence as a judgement. We will interact with the Chinese people, which have been closed for a long time. On the contrary, the infections that we are more afraid of are the new strains that are circulating in Europe and America. During the first and second quarters, there were a lot of tourists visiting Thailand. All we have to do is keep our distance, wash our hands and stay healthy. Don't be afraid of tourists from a particular country beyond reason. Many countries have said they are prohibited from entering the country. This kind of transmission is beyond reason and causes panic. Who pretends to disgust Chinese tourists, says you're losing a lot of opportunities. In spite of the infection that is spreading in China, most Thais are already immune. Western tourists, on the other hand, may have a more frightening infection, as they have been open for so long and have lowered their cards almost completely. In the Western world, pathogen mutations occur more than 100%. Therefore, Thailand should never discriminate against any one country. So as not to lose economic opportunities. Meanwhile, the Chinese New Year is coming. We are confident that Chinese foreign tourism will be active again. Thailand will definitely remain a top destination for Chinese tourists.
Don't expect high expectations of Chinese tourism to Thailand, the "Set up a family" association warned the government.|Association "Set up a family" Warn the government not to expect tens of millions of Chinese people to enter Thailand. While the manufacturing industry has not yet been standardized, the modern world must adapt to the technology and market demands of the Thai Family Association. Mr. Somchai Vechakorn Speaking to reporters on the occasion of the Chinese government's announcement of the opening of the country, The Tang Family Association is willing to be a mentor to young Chinese investors who are ready to invest in Thailand as a bona fide host in everything from culture to culture. However, there is also the issue of restructuring the Thai manufacturing sector in terms of the use of technology to support new foreign investment and to create added value for Thai products such as agricultural products. If it can be processed into other products, it can be sold in Japan. Foreign investment will also increase. At the same time, the value of exports will be high. Adapting to technology and market demand is important. If the entrepreneur is still in his world or comfortable in his own world (Comfort Zone), your good opportunities will be gone and eventually die," said SPONSORED, adding that R&D is very important for the export manufacturing sector. But it is also good news in terms of tourism business that it is expected that there will be more Chinese tourists to generate income for Thais in the country, or increase the total number of tourists to 25 million this year"Let's look back at the good things that Thailand has, namely that the value added tax (VAT) is as low as 7%. At the same time, it should also be considered that any industrial business that cannot help must accept and let it fall away, not carry it as a problem for the business sector as a whole. The Executive Committee of the Association The Pornprapa family, which used to manufacture and sell Japanese Nissan vehicles, has now shifted its business direction to joint ventures with Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD. This is due to the Chinese government's prohibition on the sale of combustion vehicles within the year. 2030 (B.E. 2573) In China, it's no longer there. For Thailand The number of electric vehicle (EV) registrations in 2022 is 10,000 units. In 2023, registrations are expected to increase to 25,000-30,000 units, while electric vehicle registrations are expected to increase by 50% from the previous year. Mr Chumpol said the cost of hydrogen vehicles was too expensive for consumers to bear. China has manufacturing technology that goes much further than Thailand. Therefore, it is difficult for the Thai government to decide how to create new industries that use standard technology and are real sectors or manufacturing sectors for job creation. I see it as important that President Xi Jinping declares that by 2035, China will set China's standards as the world standard, and even today, others will have to comply with Chinese standards. Thai section Don't just trust that there are tens of millions of Chinese people entering Thailand. If not, build a good economic basis first".
"Treasury" Chong, minister to reduce diesel tax for another 3 months|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Ministry of Finance is currently considering extending the excise tax reduction of 5 baht per liter of diesel fuel that will end on January 20. Because you have to look closely at the situation and related factors. Although global oil prices are falling, diesel prices based on the Singapore market must be considered, reporters reported at the Cabinet meeting on Jan. 17. The Ministry of Finance will propose to extend the diesel excise tax reduction for another 2-3 months to help ease the burden of living expenses for people and the burden of the fuel fund. The original measure will end on January 20, which is the sixth round of renewal, initially expected to reduce the tax by 3-5 baht per liter for 2-3 months starting from January 21 onwards, which will cause the Excise Department to lose up to 20 billion baht in budget revenue. It will be necessary to consider in detail how much it will be reduced. It will be reduced to the same as the first time, i.e. 3 baht per liter for 3 months or 5 baht per liter for 2 months. Accompanying the now fuel fund THERE ARE MORE LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT OPTIONS.SPONSORED
Gold price today, 16 Jan 23, opened the morning market "Gold Jewelry" selling 30,350 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on the morning of Teacher's Day 16 Jan 23, the price did not move for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 29,850 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,350 baht per baht. On January 16, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that at 09.27 a.m., the price of gold remained stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,750 baht per baht. Baht 29,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,213.32 baht per baht. Baht 30,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Thaicom-NT Win satellite auctions, no competition! |The reporter reported that on Jan. 15, 2023. Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) Thailand's first auction for satellite orbital access licenses A total of 5 bids consisting of 12 satellite networks (Filing) in 7 locations with a permit period of 20 years were auctioned by 3 companies: 1.Space Tech Innovation Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Thaicom Public Company Limited, 2.National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT), and 3.Prom Technical Services Co., Ltd. The auction, which started at 10.00 a.m. and finished at 11.36 a.m., took a total of 1 hour and 36 minutes (including breaks). The company was able to sell 3 sets of satellite networks with a total value of 806,502,650 million baht. From the initial bid price of 5 sets combined, which is set at approximately 1,329 million baht. The satellite network sold out includes: The 2nd set Thaicom won the auction for 380.01 million baht, the 3rd set Thaicom went for 417.40 million baht, and the 4th set NT went for 9 million baht. NOVEMBER 2024 AND MUST BE RETURNED TO THE INTERNATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS UNION (ITU) IF IT IS NOT USED AND THE 5TH BATCH, WHICH THE NBTC BOARD WILL MEET TO REACH A CONCLUSION NEXTSPONSORED REPORTER FURTHER REPORTED THAT IT IS WORTH NOTING THAT ALONG TECHNICAL, THE BIDDER, WHICH SURPRISED THE MEDIA BECAUSE IT WAS NOT KNOWN BEFORE, BUT PASSED THE QUALIFICATION CHECK, KNOCKED THE AUCTION ONCE IN THE 2ND BATCH AND GAVE IT TO THAICOM. As a result, he was ready to receive a guarantee of 500,000 baht. referee NBTC Responding to inquiries in the case of ready, Technic Call may bid as an ornamental plant, saying that it is ready to follow the rules and qualify. Once knocked, it is considered that they have participated in the auction. "I would like to see this auction as beneficial to thailand's orbital utilization because if the orbit is not used, the ITU must be returned, which is more damaging."
Thaicom shares fall after winning satellite orbit bid, brokerage eyes iPSTAR may pressure profit|Thaicom shares fall after announcing victory over 797 million baht satellite orbit bid Krungsri Asset Management sees winning bids to increase stock value, getting past prices running far beyond the baseline, keeping an eye on iPSTAR, putting pressure on future profits, stock price movements. Thaicom Public Company Limited (THCOM) share price fell more than XX% this morning, although this morning the company announced the results of the auction for satellite orbital access licenses in a packaged manner. Mr. Salil Jarujinda Senior Vice President, Legal Administration and Secretary Thaicom Public Company Limited Space Tech Innovation Co., Ltd. ("STI"), a 100% subsidiary, participated in the auction for satellite orbital access licenses in a package on January 15, 2023, by the Broadcasting, Television and Business Commission. The Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) has announced that STI is the winner of the auction for access licenses. The auction company has set 2 orbital positions of 78.5 degrees East at the final price of 380,017,850 baht, in the 3rd set, the orbital position of 119.5 degrees East and 120 degrees East, the final price is 417,408,600 baht. The Company is still waiting for the official notification of the bid result from the NBTC. Krungsri Securities Co., Ltd. said it continues to recommend selling THCOM by increasing its target price to 11.70 baht from 9.40 baht after we entered the value of the new satellite from the auction company's acquisition of two licenses yesterday. We expect that the doubling market capitalization over the past six months reflects the value of new satellites. and the extension of THCOM's satellite lifespan. THCOM won the auction of two licenses for orbital use of 78.5E and 119.5E in last weekend's auction with a total bid of 797 million baht (about 5.3% higher than the initial price). What surprised us a little was that we thought that THCOM would wait to bid for the 78.5E orbital license in the next auction because the TC-6 satellite, which uses orbit 78.5E, will still have a validity of 6 years until 2029 before deorbiting the 119.5E orbital license. We think it's important to take a closer look at how much revenue and profit each satellite can generate revenue and profit than our assumptions. It's not. We assume that the maximum revenue of a new satellite in orbit 78.5E will be 1.5 billion baht, and in orbit 119.5E will be 3 billion baht. So we started by the question, "Will these two new satellites be able to generate revenue beyond the highest revenue levels and add value to THCOM beyond our assumptions?" In orbit 119.5E, THCOM's new satellite inevitably competes with the Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite, which in the next ten years we expect to see more and more LEO satellites in the market.  However, it maintained sales recommendations but increased its target price to 11.70 baht from the new satellite. We increased our target price to 11.70 Baht from 9.40 Baht because we included the value of new satellites in orbits 78.5E and 119.5E into the model, but we still recommend selling THCOM because the share price has already doubled in the last six months. We believe that it reflects the value of the new license. We think that the movement of the stock price after this will depend on the earnings trend. We believe the company's performance will be worse than today when iPSTAR closes in 2025.
Thai stocks today, January 16, 2023, ended the morning up 7.19 points, the index was at 1,688 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 7.19 points at 1,688.92 points with a turnover of 27,591.32. On January 16, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 7.19, a change of 0.43%, to 1,688.92. The turnover was 27,591.32 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. Siam Makro Public Company Limited 4. Total Access Company Communications Public Company Limited 5. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited.
CRC Press Pro Get Good Night Shopping More than 56 billion are expected to be revolving in the economy. |Central Retail On-Top promotion for the entire group welcomed the 2023 shopping measures, expecting more than 56 billion baht in the economy. Senior Executive Vice President of Marketing Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (CRC) said that Central Retail and all business groups are ready to accept the government's 2023 Shop Dee Me Night measures that are both New Year's gifts and strong medicines that help stimulate domestic shopping to be more active, especially in 2023, which is even more special than ever, as it is a measure during the festive season, including New Year's Day, Children's Day, Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day, as well as increasing the number of participating products and services such as fuel and increasing the volume to receive tax deduction up to 40,000 baht to receive tax refunds up to 14,000 bahtSPONSORED. We have on-top marketing campaigns and promotions at all central business groups. For example, up to 80% off products and up to 2,800 baht in cash discount coupons and credit card points and up to 30% cash back with freebies and 0% installment payments or free shipping. Retail will grow higher and push ticket size and customer traffic higher accordingly. Businesses that have attracted attention and benefited from the Shop Dee Me Night program, which has stimulated consumer spending especially much, are Central and Robinson Department Stores, Tops, Thai Watsadu and Power Buy as the campaign period coincides with four major festivals. As a result, consumers are increasingly buying products to give as gifts, celebrate, and decorate their homes to welcome the New Year and Chinese New Year, thus creating a lively shopping mood for all businesses in Central's chain. Retail is very good in addition to issuing tax invoices in paper form. All business groups affiliated with Central Central Retail is also available to issue tax invoices electronically through the Revenue Department's e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt system, which will increase the chances of tax deduction for consumers and is another mechanism that will drive the Thai economy forward quickly in line with the government's goal of 56 billion baht in circulation from this project, as well as helping to stimulate domestic consumption several times." Retail Thank you to the government for taking measures. Shop Dee Me Back as a New Year's gift to Thai people, injecting money into the Thai economy and helping to drive Thailand's retail and service sector forward strongly. We are ready to support all government policies and strive to deliver the best shopping experience for products and services."
Open 3 channels Check registration results State Welfare Card Poor Card 2022|Ministry of Finance Open 3 channels Check registration results State Welfare Card Poor Card 2022. The privilege can be exercised until the last day of the month before the start of the registration program for the year 2022 on January 16, 2023, Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy, as the spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance. Revealing the progress of the State Welfare Registration Program (Registration Program) in 2022, the Ministry of Finance has received the results of qualification checks from 46 qualification units such as the Revenue Department, Social Security Office, commercial banks and specialized financial institutions (SFIs), etc., and the Ministry of Finance is currently processing the results from the qualification unit of more than 19.63 million registrants and more than 24.88 million spouses and children, for a total of more than 44.51 million. Family criteria are used in addition to those that consider only individual criteria, with family means the registrant. In addition, this time, the qualifications for the individual criteria such as having a credit card and the debt burden of the registrant will be checked. If the registrant has passed the individual criteria, the eligibility of spouse and children under the age of 18 (if any) will be checked according to the family criteria in the next step. If it is found that the registrant does not meet the family criteria, the registrant will be deemed to be ineligible and the registrant will not be eligible under the 2022 Registration Program. The announcement of the 2022 registration program is expected to be announced by the end of January 2023, and the Ministry of Finance and related agencies are in the process of preparing for the announcement of the results. There are 3 channels to check the results of the qualification. As follows:1. Registrants can check the results of the eligibility consideration by themselves via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th 2. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited (Krung Thai Bank) Provincial Treasury Office, District Office 3. Call the relevant departments, namely the Office of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Office of Fiscal Economy, and Call Center of the State Welfare Card Program after the announcement of the results of the qualification examination. For those who qualify under the 2022 Registration Program, they must verify their identity at the bank as specified by the Ministry of Finance, i.e. from the date of the announcement of the results of the qualification examination onwards in order to be able to use the benefits through a smart card. future The exercise date will be officially announced again. It's not. Those with a current State Welfare Card who are eligible through the State Welfare Card will be able to use the State Welfare Card until the last day of the month. Registrants who qualify for the 2022 registration program will be able to use the benefits through a smart card only. For the welfare of those who have passed the 2022 eligibility check, it must be approved by the Cabinet by various main benefits. The government continues to take into account the benefits necessary for the livelihood of low-income people, such as consumption costs. However, for registrants who have checked the results of the eligibility consideration under the 2022 Registration Program and found that they do not meet the eligibility criteria under the 2022 Registration Program, the registrant can file an appeal according to the channels and dates of the Ministry of Finance. It's not. The public can follow the news or progress about the 2022 registration program through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th read related newsSPONSORED.
Oil Price Today 14 Jan 2023 Oil Price Update How many baht per litre does it cost?|"Today's Oil Price" 14 Jan 23 Updated prices for all types of petrol, sohol, diesel from 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per litre on the 14th. January 2023 Reporter reports oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.25 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.98 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 34 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.79 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 42.54 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 40.74 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline at 42.66 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.25 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 34.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.33.33 34 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.79 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 35.28 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.55 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 43.04 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter T5.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.34 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.98 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 at 35.25 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 35.24 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 42.74 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 baht/liter.
Makro shares hit their highest level in nearly a year, analysts point to business rebounding to surpass RO  |MAKRO's share price jumped to 43.50 baht, the highest in 11 months, analysts are looking forward to continuing to recover from a clearer Synergy plan. Siam Makro Public Company Limited or MAKRO today (January 16, 2023) continued to buy in, with the share price coming in at 43.50 baht, rising by 1.00 baht or 2.35 %, by adjusting the share price to test the level of 43.50 baht, the highest point in almost 1 year from February 21, 2022 or in more than 11 months. The company said it was advising to buy MAKRO shares at a target price of 42 baht, and the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2022 will recover and be the peak of the seasonal year and will be more vivid in 2023 due to Lotus's recovery. After the rebranding is completed, synergy will begin to be seen more clearly. However, the company expects its profit in 2023 to increase by 72% from the same period last year. The free float, which has increased to 15.04% in line with market criteria, will be a positive factor and has the potential to be calculated in the MSCI Index in the future. Although the company still expects revenue to recover, it still expects the expenses of both sponsored businesses to continue to pressure the operating results from the fourth quarter of 2022 to the first half of 2023. Currently, in the first nine months of 2022, retail gross margin was 18.6% due to higher rental income, and Synergy, together with its affiliates, made it cheaper. The new hypermarket format is expected to have a higher gross margin than the previous one.
Thai stocks today, January 16, 2023, ended the afternoon up 3.13 points, the index was at 1,684 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 3.13. The index is at 1,684.86. Turnover 59,214.07 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on January 16, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 3.13 percent. The index was at 1,684.86. The index peaked at 1,691.35. The index is at a low of 1,679.99. The turnover was 59,214.07 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. Siam Makro Public Company Limited.
Be sure to stop by the pump before entering the house. Tomorrow, the price of all kinds of sohol will be increased by 30 st.|This evening, don't forget to stop by and refill "PTT. Station" and "Bangchak" announced an increase in the price of gasohol by 30 baht. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 16th. Jan 2023 Reporter reports that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. lj;o High Premium Products 97 up 50 Sat. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on the 17th. The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.55 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.28 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.64 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.09 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) 43.04, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
The Department of Development will sell food. Beverages in Thailand must be licensed first.|The Department of Business Development and foreigners engaged in the business of selling food or beverages in Thailand must obtain permission first. Imprisonment for not more than 3 years or a fine of 100,000-1,000,000 baht or both in the case of a restaurant operator in Chinatown who has concerns about Chinese nationals holding tourist visas to do business in Thailand. He said that the new generation of Chinese who have invested using nominees or only tourist visas to do various types of business in Chinatown, such as restaurants, shops, etc., the impact is that the money will be distributed to the local area less. While the spending pattern will be spent through the Chinese system between Chinese and Chinese people and can open an account, it is not known whether the destination of the money will return to his country of origin. But that's obvious. Don't pay taxes like thai businessmen are the latest. On January 15, 2023, Mr. Thapapol Thangsubutr The Director-General of the Department of Business Development, Ministry of Commerce, said: "We, as a regulatory authority under the Alien Business Act B.E. 2542 (1999), require that foreigners engage in the business of selling food or beverages with the permission of the Director-General of the Department of Business Development. With the approval of the Alien Business Committee before the business can be conducted. Since the food business is a business in the third (19) account at the end of the SPONSORED Act, however, the Department has deterrence measures and checks for nominee acts. - Thai nationals who invest in juristic persons must provide evidence issued by the Bank. To certify or show a financial position showing that there are sufficient assets to invest in a legal entity- Registered as a juristic person, it will check whether a Thai person or juristic person has committed an offence under the law or acts in a nominee manner to avoid or violate the regulated business according to the account at the end of the Alien Business Act B.E. 2542 (1999). There must be clear circumstances or documentary evidence that Thai nationals are behaving intentionally, concealed, camouflaged, or documented in a camouflage manner in order to assist, support or hold shares on behalf of aliens. At present, the Department has prepared an annual inspection plan in which the business selling food or beverages is one of the businesses in the inspection plan. In the past, the Department cooperated with the Ministry of Labour to conduct an inspection of this group of entrepreneurs, which if found to be illegal by foreigners conducting business without permission, would be guilty according to the law of the Ministry of Labor and the Ministry of Commerce. In addition, if a Thai person is found to have a commercial registration on behalf of an alien, they will also be guilty of nominee offences, however, as the issue involves many agencies and laws. The Department will continue to integrate cooperation with relevant agencies to conduct intensive investigations and enforcement of laws. Thais who hold shares on behalf of aliens or join their names as shareholders without actually investing or supporting business ventures with foreigners by showing that it is a Thai business in order for foreigners to conduct business by circumventing the law shall be punished with imprisonment for not more than 3 years or a fine of 100,000-1,000,000 baht or both, and a daily fine of 10,000-50,000 baht until the violation is stopped.
Grab The names of the victims of the robbery were not found in the database.|Grab Thailand Check the names of the victims of the robbery murder. No data was found in the Grab driver's partner database on Jan. 16, 2023. Thailand has issued a statement, stating that the media has presented a news report about the murder of a female driver who provided a personal ride-hailing service through the app. It is identified as a Grab driver partner or a Grab Carlady service. Grab We would like to clarify that after checking the information, both the first and last name, as well as the registration of the car that appears according to the news report. The victim's information was not found in the Grab driver partner database. However, the Company would like to express its deepest condolences to the family of the deceased and confirm that as a pioneer of the ride-hailing platform, it has been certified an application for hire cars electronically by the Department of Land Transport. GRAB ATTACHES UTMOST IMPORTANCE TO MAINTAINING SAFETY STANDARDS BY STRIVING TO DEVELOP TECHNOLOGIES AND STRICTLY ESTABLISH SAFETY MEASURES TO CREATE PEACE OF MIND FOR BOTH SERVICE USERS AND DRIVER PARTNERS. The use of Biometric identification technology to verify the identity of both the driver partner and the service user. - Development of the Safety Centre feature, which allows users and driver partners to share travel information with friends or family in real time, as well as the presence of an emergency button that allows users to contact the police immediately for assistance in the event of an unexpected incident. Rigorous screening of driver partners with a criminal record check for at least 7 years, as well as training to raise safety awareness for all driver partners before providing services- Manual Intervention system for inspection during travel If the vehicle in service has an unusually long parking lot or has traveled off the road. Customer service will send messages to users to check travel status and safety, as well as provide a call center system with customer service staff providing information and assistance to users 24 hours a day. 24 hours.
CPF expects Chinese New Year 2023 consumer purchasing power to increase by 30%|CPF joins hands with Makro Lotus to celebrate Chinese New Year 2013 Meet every lifestyle Purchasing power is expected to increase by 30%. Executive Vice President Domestic Trade Business Charoen Pokphand Food Public Company Limited (CPF) said that due to the COVID situation in the past 3-4 years, the company has been able to increase its health and well-being in the past 3-4 years. As a result, the behavior of chinese new year shoppers has changed. With an economy that requires more budget constraints as well as the lifestyle of the younger generation, CPF sees an opportunity to create value for money while meeting the needs of today's consumers. Therefore, we issued a convenient set of auspicious kits that are of a decent size. It emphasizes the ease of preparation, can be unpacked and ready to eat. At affordable prices, we focus on selecting premium quality ingredients. The production process with modern technology meets international standards and can be traced back every step of the way to create auspicious gifts for the Chinese New Year, especially sponsored For the shopping atmosphere of Chinese New Year in 2023, it is expected that the purchasing power of consumers will increase by about 30% compared to the same period last year. CPF has prepared enough products to meet the market demand as well as facilitate the increase in sales channels. Both in department stores and online, there are various discount promotions as well as home delivery services to reduce the burden of consumers for the 3 sets of auspicious offerings: 1. Progressive dress, enhance stability, help the work to progress, including roasted duck meat, spices, Hong Kong style, CP, pork leg and chicken nuggets 2. Original duck meat, emperor shrimp dumplings and chicken nuggets 3. Grilled duck meat, duck meat, CP, pork leg, CP, emperor shrimp dumplings and chicken nuggets. You can also order Chinese New Year costumes online at CPF official Shop, Shopee, Lazada.
Around the Market : Major Cineplex celebrates National Popcorn Day|On January 17, 2023, Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests There are the following: Major Cineplex Group is full of joy for popcorn lovers to enjoy the National Popcorn Day festival on January 19, 2023. Customers can purchase 46 ounces of popcorn for only 19 baht per box, limited to a maximum of 10 boxes per order at concession counters, popcorn and beverage outlets. Major Cinemas Cineplex Group at all branches nationwide and POP STAR booths outside all cinemas nationwide for customers who are not comfortable coming out to buy delicious food at a special price. Major Cineplex Group has partnered with LINE MAN and GRAB to deliver delicious popcorn to your home from January 19 - 23, 2023 with Popcorn Day Delivery when buying a 355-ounce super sized popcorn bucket at a special price of 199 baht from the normal price of 300 baht by redeeming a 26-ounce ziplock bag for only 19 baht from the normal price of 70 baht, redeeming up to 10 bags per order. Pruksa's subsidiary 51% invested in General Engineering Public Company Limited or GEL 18.26% at a price of Baht 0.37 per share, totaling approximately Baht 582 million, pushing GEL to become the largest precast manufacturer in Thailand. Instant revenue growth nearly doubled Expect to make a profit and reduce the average unit cost from orders from Pruksa and other customers in the future. Meanwhile, Pruksa Group's precast business will benefit from the creation of specializations. Reduce costs Expand new customer base and generate more continuous income. Managing Director of General Card Services Co., Ltd. together with Piyawan Leelasomphop Senior Executive Vice President, Marketing Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited Central Retail Chinese New Year 2023 promotion for Central The 1 credit card members Earn up to 80,000 The 1 Points from 18 January – 24 January 2023. To welcome the Chinese New Year 2023, the Rabbit prepares a couple rabbit on the Jade Way to bless those who receive the envelope for this year to progress to prosperity and wealth exponentially smoothly, producing 2,500,000 sachets to customers for use in banknotes for distribution during the Chinese New Year. From today onwards, SPONSORED, Bangkok Airways Public Company Limited or Bangkok Airways provides snack service. Sky Bites: Sky Bites' 2 new flavors: yellow potatoes, crispy sweet slices; Local products from Kirimas District, Sukhothai province, including crispy sweet taro plates made from local ingredients with nutritional value and crunchy taste, fragrant and chewy, are available on Bangkok Airways flights. For Business and Economy Class passengers On the routes Bangkok - Samui, Bangkok - Maldives, Chiang Mai - Samui, Chiang Mai - Phuket, and Chiang Mai - Krabi from January onwards, Lactasoy Co., Ltd. is led by a cute mascot. The parade will be held on National Children's Day 2023 and bring a variety of flavors of soy milk to energize the children who come to the Children's Day event to be full of health and enjoy activities throughout the day. THIS YEAR, LACTASOY HAS SET UP MILK DISTRIBUTION BOOTHS AT MORE THAN 50 LOCATIONS NATIONWIDE, TOTALING MORE THAN 1,000,000 BOXES OF LACTASOY MILK. Under the theme of Digi Camp, with Mr. Influential Khun Pluem Minister of Culture Vice Chairman, Safe and Creative Media Development Fund, Dr. Thanakorn Srisuksai The Manager of Safe and Creative Media Development Fund and Mr. Naphat Tangsang (Big), an expert in short film production, attended a press conference and discussion on creative media production techniques.
Another opposition to not moving the train to Bang Sue, the union reiterated that it will not be available on January 19.|SRT Union–Consumer Organization Buk submitted a letter to "Saksiam" opposing the relocation of long-distance trains to Bang Sue Central Station. On Jan. 19, because the trains and staff were inadequate, the public was in trouble. As Secretary Minister of Transport Affirmative action is not changeable. Transport opened a central station to inspect taxi meters, reiterating that any car that is not inspected will not be able to charge a new price, the reporter reported on Jan. 16, 2023. State Enterprise Workers' Union State Railway of Thailand Led by Mr. Sarawut Saranwong Acting President of the State Railway Enterprises Union of Thailand (SRT) and consumer protection network organization I have submitted a letter to Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Transport Minister asked to order an inspection of the relocation of long-distance trains from Bangkok Station or Hua Lamphong to Bangkok Apiwat Central Station in order not to cause trouble and burden to the people. Acting President of the State Railway Workers' Union of Thailand He said he had earlier submitted a letter to The State Railway of Thailand Governor Nirut Maneepan saying he disagreed with the decision. Relocating long-distance trains to Bang Sue Central Station or Bangkok Apiwat Central Station due to lack of operational and service readiness, such as buses not ready for service and insufficient number of service rotations. The toilet is also open, various public transport vehicles are not ready. The staff is inadequate to serve the two locations and the work is increasing, according to a survey of the opinions of real service users, it was found that the public wants the train to continue to reach Hua Lamphong, not stop at Bang Sue Central Station. Despite shuttle buses being available, the plan is unclear. People who want to get off at Samsen station, Ramathibodi Hospital and Yommarat Therefore, the Ministry of Transport wants to postpone the relocation of long-distance trains to the origin-destination at the central station. Bangkok Apiwat, scheduled for Jan. 19, will leave early until the service system is ready. Review the policy to relocate 52 commercial trains. Please go to hua lamphong station as before. First, until she is ready, Mrs. Suksomruai Wantaniyakul. The Transport Secretary said that in the past, the relevant authorities Questions and concerns have been clarified. The union's demands are proposed. The Transport Minister further considered instructing the Railway Commissioner to expedite the implementation of the concerns. However, on January 19, it would not be possible to stop the operation as it had already carried out both ticket sales and publicity, the reporter reported. Mr. Jirut Wisanjit Director General, Department of Land Transport Mr. Seksom Akaraphan Deputy Director-General, Department of Land Transport The Department of Land Transport's management team visited the service points for taxi drivers who brought meters to be tuned and authenticated before issuing the new fares. It is open Monday to Saturday. During 16 January - 28 February 2023 from 08.00-17.00 hrs. This includes GS Thai Star Co., Ltd. (3TM brand), GPS Thai Star Co., Ltd. (G-Tax brand) and THT Progressive Co., Ltd. If any metered taxi does not undergo tuning and authentication first. New fares cannot be charged to customers.
Buy ducks and chickens, you have to look carefully. Check through "Livestock OK".|Mr. Veterinarian Somchuan Rattanamangalanon Director-General of The Department of Livestock He said consumers who choose to buy livestock products in preparation for the ceremony to pray for the deceased gods and ancestors include pork, chicken, etc. Duck meat, including chicken eggs and duck eggs, should be noted for the "OK Livestock" symbol, which is approved by the Department of Livestock Development. As a government agency responsible for regulating meat production. Throughout the process, from animal farms to meat before reaching consumers. Therefore, stricter inspections of meat production processes have been introduced. In order for consumers to consume meat that is hygienic and hygienic, therefore, people are asked to choose reliable products that must be clean and hygienic. It can be traced back to the source of production. In particular, the place of sale under the symbol "OK Livestock" has certified that the store sells standard farm products (GAP) through the slaughtering process in a legal slaughterhouse. Able to trace back to the source of production. Currently, there are 8,400 locations nationwide.
"Santi" continues to increase the money of the poor card for a period of 6 months.|Finance Minister Santi Phrompat revealed that many parties have proposed to add rights to the state welfare card to consider many factors. In the past, he has proposed to add money to the state welfare card during the New Year. However, the Cabinet of Ministers approved only 1 month. In the new year, I suggested that the COVID situation has caused quite a lot of trouble for grassroots brothers and sisters. Therefore, the New Year should have a New Year's gift. To increase a certain amount of spending money for 6 months, finally when negotiating, finally give only 200 baht to spend in a month. Only this January," Mr. Santi continued. The Deputy Prime Minister instructed the Ministry of Finance to consider adding money to the welfare card, it had to study the details of many sectors, which the Ministry of Finance had already proposed, but the Cabinet approved only 200 baht. To be updated in accordance with the current situation as much as possible for the announcement of the list of eligible persons in the new state welfare card in 2020. 2023 within a month And eligible users will be able to start using the new card from March 1, 2023. Must wait for Krungthai Bank to process the list of eligible persons. Present to the Ministry of Finance for further announcements. The list was originally submitted last week, but so far it hasn't been submitted. Which commanded the unit. Related tasks to expedite Krungthai Bank's expedited submission of the list of qualified candidates as scheduled by SPONSORED "The Ministry of Finance will begin announcing the list of eligible candidates for the new State Welfare Card within the month. Anyone who has dropped the appeal can file an appeal to be completed within 7-15 days, however, I followed the list from Krungthai Bank, he said that the list will be submitted between January 7-10, but it is not at the moment."
"Solar, so prosperous", lulls Japan! Invest in Thailand|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry Revealed after discussions with Mr. Nishimura Yasutoshi The Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) during a visit to Japan said that after the one-year anniversary discussions, the two ministries have jointly adapted the concept from focusing on innovation and technology development. The project aims to develop digital skills for industrial personnel, drive circular economy policies in targeted industries, and strengthen production systems through the concept of co-creation. In welcoming investors to invest in industrial estates, the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand (IEAT) has 67 ready-to-accommodate areas in 16 provinces, totaling 200,000 rai. (TTSC)SPONSORED
Gold price today, January 17, 2023, opened on Tuesday morning, up 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Tuesday morning, January 17, 2023, the price increased by 100 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,000 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,500 baht per baht. On January 17, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.24 a.m. rose by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,900 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,000 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,364.92 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,500 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,950 baht Sell out 15,000 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,682.46 baht Sell out 15,250 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,475 Baht Sell Out 7,500 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,341.23 Baht Sell Out 7,625 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,737.5 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,670.615 Baht Sell Out 3,812.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
SEC study to adjust minimum stock trading Expect to spend less money on buying stocks. Hoping to attract more new investors|stock exchange Study to adjust the criteria for trading new stocks Expect to reduce the order size. Less money can buy stocks. Meet the needs of the new generation of investors There are 4-5 ways to do it, so talk to the marketmaker to come to a conclusion. Trends in stock or digital assets trading Nowadays, it has started to change. Investors are starting to adjust their trend behavior with smaller stock orders and sending more frequent trading orders. As a result, asset trading service providers have to adjust their model to meet consumer demand, such as the Stock Exchange of Thailand. For example, in DELTA's shares, which currently have a share price of 852 baht per share, a minimum purchase of 100 shares will require up to 85,000 baht. This is a major constraint that prevents investors from trading the stocks they want, causing the Stock Exchange of Thailand to rush to find ways to make investors more accessible to investors. By Dr. Rinjai Chakrapipat Deputy Manager Head of Marketing The Stock Exchange of Thailand The stock exchange is in the process of studying adjusting the criteria for sending new stock trading orders in line with investment behaviors that focus on trading smaller transaction sizes. As well as increasing the reach of investors. "The stock exchange is in the process of adjusting trading orders in accordance with the behavior of investors, and we can see that the behavior of investors is getting younger and buying shares per order at a smaller value." In addition, the current investor base has 2.2 million unique account holders, which reducing the size of orders will make it easier for investors to access investments and help expand the base of new investors. By allowing investors to choose to buy according to the specified amount and number of shares to start testing on such matters, which has been well received by investors. However, for progress in this regard. THE STOCK EXCHANGE HAS DESIGNED ABOUT 4-5 FORMATS, SO YOU NEED TO DISCUSS WITH THE MARKETMAKER WHICH ONE WILL BENEFIT THE MOST.
SEC counts one filing mep corporation, the godfather of e-books in Thailand. Preparing to trade mai in Q1 |SEC Count One Filing Mep Corporation or MEB, an E-BOOK service provider in Thailand, offered 75.5 million shares. Raising funds to expand new business ready to trade mai in Q1 Mr. Raviporn Mahasit Chief Executive Officer of MEP Corporation Public Company Limited (the "Company" or "MEB") as a leader in e-book distribution business. E-Book via meb and readAwrite platforms, Thailand's leading online literary reading platform. Disclosure of plans to be listed on the Stock Exchange of M Mai said the IPO is an important step in expanding the business to increase future growth opportunities. In addition, this fundraising also provides an opportunity for investors and the general public to be a part of building on MEB's success. E-Book via www.mebmarket.com and www.readAwrite.com websites and meb and readAwrite applications on various operating systems. In addition, the Company has other businesses, including the distribution of e-readers and the business of providing digital library platforms for enterprises (Hibrary), which operates through the Company's subsidiaries, namely Hitex Interactive Co., Ltd. ("Hytexts"). Total revenue was 618.72 million baht, 1,004.68 million baht, 1,456.38 million baht and 1,263.54 million baht, respectively, and net profit was 82.09 million baht. 164.74 MB 275.34 Million Baht and 241.85 Million Baht, respectively.          This fundraising is to be used for the expansion of the business in the current platform, both meb readAwrite and Hytexts, by adding online literary content, both from the purchase of literary rights in fiction and non-fiction genres, and for the expansion of new businesses related to the current business. Permissions Managing Director Securities Companies lotus Public Company Limited As the Company's Financial Advisor MEB Corporation Public Company Limited (MEB) The SEC has commenced one registration statement and draft prospectus of MEB and expects to offer its initial public offering. In the first quarter, MEB filed an IPO totaling no more than 75,500,000 shares at par value. Baht 0.50 per share or 25.17% of the total paid-up ordinary shares of the Company Following the issuance and offering of newly issued ordinary shares, the company will be listed on the Stock Exchange of M. Mai in the services business consists of 22,500,000 newly issued ordinary shares and 53,000,000 existing ordinary shares offered by existing shareholders. After the IPO, Mr. Rawikorn Mahasit and Mr. Kittipong Saelim, as the founders of the Company, will hold approximately 18.7% of the shares in MEB and Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited through its subsidiaries, which are the existing majority shareholders, will hold approximately 56% shares in MEB.
Thai stocks today, January 17, 2023, ended the morning up 0.14 points, the index was at 1,685 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 0.14 to 1,685.00. Turnover 28,962.48 On January 17, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 0.14, a change of 0.43%, to 1,685.00. The turnover was 28,962.48 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited.
CP Meiji reveals that after COVID-19, yogurt cup sales skyrocketed Closed 2022, growing by over 9%|CP-Meiji reveals after COVID-19 pandemic Yogurt cup sales skyrocket Closed 2022, growing by more than 9% and sending new products to expand the fruit yogurt market Ms. Indira Meesanyon Director of Business Development and Marketing CP-Meiji Co., Ltd. said that during the COVID-19 situation in 2020-2021, the market continued to be negative, but in 2022 it started to improve, with the market returning to positive growth of 10%. In 2022, the total market value is estimated at 3,900 million baht. Ms. Indira said that we have recently expanded the market to capture a wider consumer segment in the fruit yogurt segment with a market share of 70% of the total cup yogurt market. Bulgaria, which was first released in 2013, has been well received by consumers in a wide range of target groups. The search for Meiji Bulgarian yogurt has been completed and has been consistently well received every year.
SEC issues 3 criteria for managing 'digital asset wallets' effective from Jan. 16, 2023|Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Issued a notice requiring digital asset business operators to keep their customers' digital assets. There must be a digital asset wallet management system used to store digital assets and keys*. In order to effectively preserve digital assets and secure the assets of customers, the guidelines cover the following: (1) Establishing policies and practices for overseeing risk management and managing wallets and keys, as well as providing policy communication. Defining procedures and procedures (2) Establishing policies and procedures for designing, developing and managing wallets, including creating, storing and accessing keys or other relevant information appropriately and securely (3) Providing management of incidents that may affect the wallet and key management system. Test the procedure. The notification will be effective from January 16, 2023 onwards, with provisional provisions for digital asset business operators who have maintained their customers' digital assets prior to that date. The period for implementation of the announced rules must not exceed 6 months from January 16, 2023SPONSORED.
Guru warns Bitcoin surpasses $20,000 up to continue The real uptrend is expected to occur in 2024. 	|Bitcoin price surpasses $20 billion is a trap, indicating the global economy is unfavorable for recovery. Plus, global policy interest rates may reverse in the short term. The real uptrend must wait until 2024, although the crypto market in 2022 will be critical of the collapse of many big companies. Terra, Celsius and FTX have damaged the market to the value of the crypto market. Overall, it has hit its lowest point in recent years, but early 2023 is starting to see more brightness. With the price direction to stand above $21,000 per BTC from the beginning of the year at $16,496 per BTC, it is a 27.6% increase. Eric Robertsen, Head of Standard Chartered Strategy, predicts that the value of Bitcoin in 2023 will fall by more than 70% to only $5,000 per BTC. We may also see more bankruptcies of cryptocurrency companies. This is in line with the view of Meltem Demirors, chief strategist of major European digital asset investment firm CoinShares, who predicts that in 2023, the crypto market will not reach a real bullish point, but rather a rebound to reset the market before the actual uptrend in early 2024, rebounding to a low between $15,000-20,000 per BTC and a peak between $25,000-$30,000 per BTCSPONSORED. As a result, the relationship between stocks and Bitcoin has deteriorated, and fundamental valuations have not been achieved, coupled with investor panic in the market.
How is it possible for Thailand to become an ASEAN regional blockchain hub?|Over the last couple of years, It can be noted that the blockchain industry in Thailand It has received more and more attention from both investors. Developers and businesses are exploring ways to apply it to the business sector, including trends that will be an important part of driving the modern economy that will bring Thailand's competitiveness on the world stage. Therefore, Thairath Money will delve into a variety of perspectives from both developers and developers. Investors and regulators say that for Thailand, there is hope or possibility to become a regional hub for ASEAN. Sanchai Popli: Crypto Winter The best moments of innovation Mr. Sanchai Popli The Chief Executive Officer of Cryptomind Advisory, a subsidiary of Cryptomind Group, the organizer of Blockchain Genesis Thailand, Thailand's largest blockchain and digital asset expo, said: People who trade blockchain or cryptocurrencies are still a small number of people. About hundreds of thousands of people. In the next 4 years is 2022, there are about 3 million people trading digital assets in Thailand. Based on figures from the SEC.  Thailand has the 12th highest adoption rate of digital assets in the world. We have a population that is alert about NFT DeFi, about investment, about the use of blockchain in various matters, and then there are builders who are world-class people as well, you can see that the industry has grown from hundreds of thousands to millions of people, although in 2022 there have been many events that have occurred and affected the crypto industry as a whole, including the winter season.  "But in 2022, I think there are a lot of events that allow novice investors to learn what the risks are, but the perspective of the people who are building continues to create these things, the market is down, opportunities for developers. Therefore, if you look at it from the perspective of creators in the blockchain industry, it is believed that many projects in Thailand are in the market. It has become globally accepted by people all over the world studying and investing in each other and using real products. We can clearly see that the big companies are We have started to open branches in Thailand as well. Major companies around the world have studied Thailand clearly and very closely, which is a high opportunity in Thailand to become a blockchain hub at the ASEAN level.  Suphakrit Boonsart : Knowledge THE FIRST GATE TO PASS BEFORE ENTERING THE DIGITAL ASSET INDUSTRYSPONSORED MR. SUPAKRIT Boonsart The president of the Thai Digital Asset Association and owner of the Bitcast page said that in the past, we saw the Internet as the infrastructure we use to transmit data. Blockchain is also infrastructure. Instead, we send information in another form that is worth it. Therefore, the time when we can pass on value to each other. That's why when we talk about blockchain, we think about finance and investment for Thai people. Knowledge is important to survive in the long run, as both associations are trying to spread knowledge, to understand what technology is, and to make people understand that forex trading is just a cog in the industry. It's not all about the industry, but people should focus on other angles as well. It's not just about buying and selling, because the industry is still waiting for people to develop new projects that will meet the needs of the next generation. Secondly. People who come in need to have an aptitude for what technology is, what it can do, not just the price. We look at the technological foundations. The next factor is that developers should also look at the long term, not just create an application to focus on the price of the coin. It does not focus on value proprosition or the benefits of those who use it. If we create a project that focuses on the benefits of the user. I believe the project will grow in the long run." Mr. Supakrit said. The long-term growth of the blockchain industry in Thailand is not about users, developers, but governance and government support. New ideas as well: Blockchain unlocks the potential of the financial sector without limitsSPONSORED Mr. Tribdee Arunanonchai, Vice President of Velo Labs Technology, a startup that uses blockchain technology in the international financial system, said that blockchain is actually not an investment asset. Velo is a Thai-founded startup that operates in many countries around the world, but Velo's target market is Southeast Asia because it is actually the largest remittance market in the world. With over $10-30 trillion transferred annually, it is a very large market, and Thailand is also the center of ASEAN.  If you look at the potential of Thailand. Thailand is actually a bigger market than Singapore, which is a financial center, but it doesn't have a user market. It's actually bigger than Vietnam. If you look at when crypto is still peaking. Thailand is asean's most technologically advanced blockchain market. Thailand's developers are considered the best in ASEAN. In the future, the number is expected to increase. Thailand has a clear license to operate a digital asset business. Even Vietnam does not have a complete license. But Thailand is considered comparable to Singapore.  From all of the above elements, it can be seen that Thailand is quite ready, but what needs to be added is the help of the government sector that will allow startups to develop the capabilities of the blockchain system, not to replace banks, but to connect more with banks. In order to push Thailand to become the blockchain hub of ASEAN.  "I think we need a clearer policy because cryptocurrencies, not just financial assets like stable coins, can be a payment tool. In the future, there will be other blockchain technologies used in asset trading or carbon credit. We want the government to issue monetary policy so that we can match Singapore. Because now in Thailand we really lack it is a matter of raising money. If we have a good monetary policy like Singapore. When we have a money-raising hub as much as Singapore. Market Size Matters Personnel matters The subject of governance, we are ready. I think we should overtake Singapore soon." MR. TRIBDEE SAID NAPONANPAN BHAWASAN: Aiming to strike a balance between innovation and investor protectionSPONSORED Dr. Napanuanpan Pawasan, Director of Financial Technology Promotion, SEC, said that the SEC is also a regulator in governance. Digital assets Whether it's cryptocurrencies or digital tokens, it's regulated in terms of issuance, offering, and business operations.  At present, we have 6 licenses, consisting of exchange broker dealer investment advisor fund manager in the form of private fund, and then a new license will be a Custodian wallet provider. The SEC will adjust the criteria for issuing digital tokens issued for fundraising purposes to comply with regulatory oversight on the securities side. In the matter of issuance of offerings  On the secondary market side, we have updated the rules such as listing rules, anti-money laundering rules or conduct regulations to be more appropriate, in line with foreign guidelines, and with appropriate investor protection.  In the long run, the law will be updated. Review the law by moving investment tokens and issuing fundraising tokens under the Securities Act in accordance with international guidelines.  "The SEC has reviewed the oversight to be appropriate. The rules must be updated to be consistent with the same risk same rule. The principle of regulators, not just the SEC, but nationwide, is that we must promote innovation, but at the same time require appropriate investor protection. We need long-term goals for sustainable growth in this business." In terms of balancing and challenging, we have to accept that digital assets are new and come with risks. As investors continue to invest, we must take into account investor protection. What the SEC always does is have a conversation with the business side every time. Before we issue the rules, we will have a public hearing, and we will take the opinions we receive and improve the rules more. In the future, there must be development, including looking at foreign approaches in parallel to achieve this goal.  Kampanat Wimolnot : Web3 An era where economic benefits are not tied to the big peopleSPONSORED Mr. Kampanat Wimolnot Kasikorn X (KX) Executive Director of Investment Said: "Thailand is one of the countries where we use Web3 quite a lot. We are one of the countries where Thai cryptocurrencies are used to make transactions, whether it is payments, money transfers, or trying to use blockchain to make many transactions, whether it is hugely accepted by retail users or on the corporate side. Data downloadable But in the world of Web3 itself, it is said that Web2 takes a lot of money from doing business by providing services to the general public. So that means in Web3.  What changed the whole world would be that he took all the economic benefits from shareholders and executives. It is an economy driven by communities instead of Web3. In Vietnam, for example, it is a country where people are still younger and most people want to make a lot of money, they are mainly mobile children and play games, in Vietnam most people will be Moblie First, so Web3 startups in Vietnam will focus mainly on games, Singapore will be another way, Singapore is a country that is a financial center. Most startups in Singapore are quite traditional companies, where they manage money for corporate as a blockchain, we will find Custodian, a service that stores a lot of digital assets for corporate or a place to take care of customers. We are entering an aging society, and we have a new generation of people who have the ability to develop technology and have a rapid digital acceptance.  "Businesses in Thailand have cases that are half-market in Vietnam, and we have quite a lot of wealth, corporate in Thailand is quite successful, we are half between Vietnam and Singapore, so use cases in Thailand are both common dApp for the new generation to use, whether it is NFT GameFi Play to Earn or Whatever to Earn. Mr. Kampanat said.
The new Big AOT "Keerati" instead of "Nitinai" who is out of the board today.|A reporter from Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) said that after the nomination committee of the candidates for the position of AOT Chief Executive Officer, the board of directors of AOT has appointed a new public company to the board of directors. The new chairman, Mr. Apirat Chaiwongnoi, has invited the 4 qualified candidates to present their vision on January 16, 2023. Approved on January 18, 2023 for the list of the highest to lowest scores, the four top 4 are: 1. Mr. Keerati Kitmanawat; Total score 95 points 2. 3. Mr. Wittaya Panmongkol and 4. Mr. Pornprasit Denmoli, who ranked 3-4 with a score below 90 points behind the AOT board. List approved The salary negotiation subcommittee will consider the salary conclusion and sign the employment contract, which is expected to be completed within the month. Feb 66 Before Mr. Nitinai Sirismarakarn President of AOT The current term expires on April 24, 2023, the reporter reported that Mr. Keerati is considered to be the son of AOT, graduated with a bachelor's degree in engineering with gold medal honors from Thammasat University. He holds a master's and doctoral degree from the University of Tokyo, funded by the Japanese government.
Thai stocks today, January 17, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 3.82 points, the index was at 1,681 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was down 3.82 at 1,681.04. Turnover 54,483.85 On January 17, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index fell 3.82, a change of -0.23%, to 1,681.04. The index peaked at 1,688.56. The index is at a low of 1,679.20. The turnover was 54,483.85 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Public Company Limited 2. CP All Public Company Limited 3. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited.
Grab expands restaurant credit limit up to 500,000 baht to support small restaurants to expand their business|Grab Thailand Extend limit Instant cash loan for restaurant partners up to 500,000 baht to support small shops to expand their business on January 17, 2023. President Grab "We have been providing loans to restaurant partners since 2020 to support restaurants on the platform, especially small and medium-sized restaurants, to continue to access financing to enhance their business operations through monthly online surveys and quarterly caravans. IT WAS FOUND THAT ONE OF THE MAIN ISSUES THAT RESTAURANT OPERATORS FOCUS ON THE MOST IS THE NEED FOR LOANS, INCLUDING EXTENDING THE CREDIT LIMIT TO BE USED FOR RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT OR EXPANDING THE BUSINESS TO HAVE MORE BRANCHES IN ADDITION TO DAILY LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT. Therefore, we have expanded our credit line for restaurant partners both in Bangkok and upcountry. From a maximum of 100,000 baht to a maximum of 500,000 baht to support the growth and business potential of restaurant operators for instant cash loans for restaurant partners. The maximum credit limit of 500,000 baht is a personal cash loan with a 6-month installment period and a discounted interest rate of up to 2.08% per month in accordance with the Bank of Thailand's requirements. Food partners who are interested in applying for instant cash loans for restaurant partners A maximum limit of 500,000 baht must have a minimum grab transaction income of 50,000 baht per month for at least the past 6 consecutive months.
"Big Tou" worries about people who can't fight taxi price increases. Order treasury - NCPO keep an eye on the service - impact|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence have ordered a hike in taxi fares to alleviate the suffering of taxi drivers, saying that they understand that fares have not been adjusted for 8 years. Coupled with the crisis of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. This causes energy prices to rise. As a result, taxi operators have suffered and prices have been stable for a long time, so the government has adjusted fares since Jan. 13. The Prime Minister has tasked the Department of Land Transport to regulate services in line with rising prices. Especially the problem of taxis not stopping to pick up passengers. And the Ministry of Finance and the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) have been closely monitoring the impact of taxi fare hikes. If there is a need for measures to help people in transition, they should be expedited and proposed. The Council will consider it as soon as possible.
Cyber law amendment increases penalties for organizations ignoring security|NCPO prepares to amend cybersecurity laws Increase penalties after agencies that must comply with standards neglect to comply with the law. Aiming to increase the penalty of fines for non-compliance with Section 157 because the current law does not have clear penalties. Because the emphasis is on cooperation, not forcing Air Vice Marshal Amon to compliment the Secretary-General of the National Cyber Security Committee. In 2023, the Office of the National Cyber Security Commission (NCPO) will continue to work on its mission to focus on networking for government agencies. Regulators, CII and Sectoral CERT to effectively prevent and respond to cyber threats through the drive to comply with the 2021 Cybersecurity Standards Framework, which came into effect on September 6, 2022, as well as the 2022-2027 Cybersecurity Action Plan 2022-2027 that have already been enacted. After the establishment of the OFFICE of the NCPO in January 2021 as an independent organization under the Cyber Security Act 2019 directly to the Prime Minister, this year, the NCPO will begin to intensify its enforcement of the law because in the past 2 years, it has focused mainly on warnings and cooperation, which is a positive monitoring. However, there are currently only 54 agencies that comply with the cybersecurity standard framework and that are still falling and need to comply with the law, such as the Metropolitan Waterworks Authority and the National Health Security Office (NHSO), which oversees the 30-baht program to treat all diseases, etc." He said tighter enforcement of the law could include the offence under Article 157 of the Penal Code. "The effectiveness of the PDPA and the Electronic Public Service Act, which requires government agencies to prohibit online refusal to provide public services, is also a positive factor that will help raise cybersecurity standards as a whole." On the occasion that the law reaches its 5-year age in 2024, the NCPO is preparing to amend the law further, especially in the issue of increasing penalties, especially fines for non-compliance with the legal framework. The current warrant focuses on volunteering rather than compulsion.
The state announced price controls on 5 products, fiber-masks-alcohol-recycled paper-chicken.|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs The Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office announced a cabinet resolution (17 January 2023) approving the designation of 5 regulated products for the year 2023, including surgical masks, synthetic fibers for use in the production of surgical masks. Products containing alcohol as a component for hand hygiene, reusable waste paper and paper, and broiler chicken, according to the Resolution of the Central Committee on Prices of Goods and Services No. 1/2023 on Wednesday, January 11, 2023, due to the covid-19 pandemic. As the epidemic continues, polypropylene (spunbond) masks for use in the production of surgical masks and alcohol-based products for hand hygiene are regulated products. Track products related to epidemic prevention Covid-19 infection is effective enough, and prices are within reasonable range while controlling the price of waste paper and paper can be reused. To supervise the quantity and purchase price of waste paper and reusable paper to be appropriate and fair. As for chicken, chicken meat, which is an important source of protein for public consumption, to be a controlled product to supervise and monitor the quantity of chicken and chicken meat is sufficient and the price is reasonable and fair to the consumer population as well. It's not. Notification of the Central Committee on Prices of Goods and Services No. 5 B.E. 2565 The additional controlled goods will come into force on January 24, 2023, so it is necessary to issue a new announcement and adopt a royal gazette. SPONSORED FOR CONTINUITY
The government has solved the surge in feed costs, pushing egg prices up non-stop.|Mrs. Payao Arikul President of The Central Small Egg Breeders Trade Association At present, the production cost of eggs is 3.45-3.50 baht per egg, 30% higher than the normal range, due to the high price of cereals and feed ingredients, especially maize and soybean meal, which are important raw materials of feed for laying hens. Laying hen farmers can hardly bear the burden of high costs anymore. The network of egg breeders, which consists of Eight Stripes Egg Breeders Cooperative Ltd., Chonburi Egg Breeders Cooperative Ltd., Chiang Mai-Lamphun Egg Breeders Cooperative Ltd., and Mae Nam Noi Egg Breeders Cooperative Co., Ltd., announced that the sale price will increase to 3.60 baht per egg 2 weeks ago and it is expected that it may have to move again if the cost continues to rise. Don't forget that there are other costs that are all rising. Whether it's energy, oil, gas, even electricity, as well as labor costs on the farm, the difference from selling eggs today is barely enough to pay interest on bank loans," she said.
Boosting shopping and tourism "Chinese New Year" bustling, the Bot reduced cash reserves this year by 7%.|Mr. Somboon Jitpentham Assistant Governor of Bank Card Issuance Line Bank of Thailand (BOT) During the Chinese New Year 2023, people had higher than normal demand for banknotes. The Bot has prepared to reserve banknotes of various price types to adequately support the demand. Consider the government's economic stimulus measures, such as good shopping. It is estimated that commercial banks will disburse banknotes from the BOT by approximately 25 billion baht. However, the value of reserves decreased by about 7% from the previous year on the commercial side of commercial banks. Reporters reported that during Chinese New Year 2023 from January 19-22, 2023. Four large commercial banks have reserved 126,240 million baht in cash for the Chinese New Year, with Bangkok Bank providing an additional 40,000 million baht in cash for the Chinese New Year 2020 through bank branches and ATMs. Nearly 10,000 spots nationwide support shopping SHOP FOR GIFTS, PUT ON ENVELOPES, AND TAKE MEASURES TO SHOP WELL AND HAVE A NIGHT TO SUPPORT THE SPENDING AND TOURISM ATMOSPHERE DURING CHINESE NEW YEAR 2023 TO be more lively. Cash reserves are divided into branch channels. 16,000 Million Baht The reserves for branches in Bangkok amounted to 9 billion baht and regional branches amounted to 7 billion baht, while SCB prepared to reserve banknotes to support customers' services. 38,600 Million Baht It is a reserve similar to the previous year. In Bangkok and vicinity, 15,914 million baht and 22,686 million baht in the region. It consists of 30,700 million baht ATM and 7,900 million baht branch of Bank of Ayudhya. Prepare cash reserves to support withdrawals of customers and the general public through Krungsri ATMs and bank branches nationwide. During Chinese New Year, the total amount is 10,240 million baht. It's not. Divided into cash reserves for services via Krungsri ATMs. 7,842 million baht and 2,398 million baht in branches.
Dreaded measures stumbled during the "election" period. Cabinet renews diesel tax reduction of 5 baht for 4 months|"Uncle Tu" worries during the election to solve the problem of fuel shortages, the Minister has extended the tax reduction of 5 baht per liter of diesel for 4 months from January 21 to May 20, 2023. In the past, it has been approved for 2 months to keep the diesel price from exceeding 35 baht per liter. Meanwhile, the oil fund remained negative at 116,883 million baht, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense It was revealed after chairing the cabinet meeting that the Cabinet had approved the Ministry of Finance's proposal to extend the diesel excise tax reduction period. 5 baht per liter In order to be able to maintain the price of diesel fuel at 35 baht per liter. From the actual situation, the price should go up to 40 baht per liter for a long time"Do we take care of this, do we know how much budget is needed, 10,000 million baht per month, just because of the reduction of one excise tax, which now sees that it is still in trouble, it must be done further. If the next 4 months, it is 40,000 million baht. Do you understand that because the oil situation is still negative, and when the government reduces the excise tax on diesel, there is no revenue from this part back? The revenue from the oil and fuel funds intended for solving energy problems is not there, but it is the government's job to decide. Because the people are in trouble. It's called targeted problem solving. SponsoredMr. Anucha Burapchaisri, Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs, acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office, said that the Cabinet has approved the draft ministerial regulations on excise tariff (No....) B.E. ... to reduce the excise tax rate on diesel and other similar fuels in the excise tariff account category 01.05. The tax rate will be reduced by about 5 baht per litre depending on the type of diesel fuel. From January 21, 2023 to May 20, 2023, the proposed measures will cause the Excise Department to collect excise tax revenue on oil and oil products by approximately 10 billion baht per month for a total period of 4 months. The Ministry of Finance will closely monitor the situation of oil prices. To consider the appropriateness of the tax rate reduction in order to make the country's fiscal position more stable, as well as to ensure that the collection of state revenue is in accordance with the revenue collection estimate for fiscal year 2023. The Prime Minister reiterated that the government is taking care of this measure as part of taking care of the people in a situation where global energy prices remain volatile and high. The Cabinet approved a period of up to 4 months, unlike previous renewals that were only considered for 2 months at a time, as the election period was approaching, fearing that if parliament was dissolved, the excise tax reduction measures would end first. The Cabinet may not be able to approve such measures or ask the Election Commission (EC). First, whether to issue such measures. If not, the retail price of diesel will increase by 5 baht per liter. Therefore, it has been approved to cover the period until May 20. When summing up the money from this measure continuously since In February 2022, the state lost a total of 138 billion baht. The latest oil fund status is on Jan. 15, 2023. Negative at 116,883 million baht, Finance Minister Santi Phrompat said. Agreed to extend the excise tax reduction period of 5 baht per liter of diesel fuel for another 4 months in order to ease the burden of living expenses for the people and prevent the price of goods from rising. Feb 2022 The government has lost a total of 140,000-150,000 million baht in diesel tax revenue. However, such actions do not affect the fiscal position. In fiscal year 2023.
The Bot announces the results of the investigation of counterfeit charging cables, speeding up the bank's defense, and taking care of the victims within 5 days.|Bot joins hands with Thai Bankers' Association Clarification of the test results of counterfeit charging cables sucking money The bank has joined hands with government agencies to prevent scams and provide care to victims within 5 days, the Bank of Thailand and the Thai Bankers' Association (TBA) have stepped up efforts to prevent fraud. Clarification on the case of the victim complaining about the use of the fake charging cable and then being sucked and transferred money out of the account By revealing that according to the news, the victim was found to have used the fake charging cable and then had the data sucked and transferred money out of that account. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) has consulted the Thai Bankers' Association to investigate the case. It was found not by the use of a fake charging cable, but by the victim being tricked by fraudsters into installing a fake application that contained malware. This allows fraudsters to know the customer's transaction information and remotely control the phone to pretend to transact instead of remotely to transfer money out of the account. Scammers have many forms of scams, such as SMS scams. Recently, using scams to install fake applications that contain malware, the BOT has taken steps to prevent and solve problems by issuing various measures for financial institutions to comply with. NBTC Office The Office of the P.O.C. and the Royal Thai Police are working to improve the security system on Mobile Banking. Block fraudulent websites and disconnect computers that fraudsters use to remotely control victims. Fix fraudulent SMS that impersonates a financial institution Provide online reporting channels for people to report easily and suspend accounts faster to promote awareness and raise awareness. However, financial institutions need to develop tools and responses regularly. As well as developing mechanisms to cooperate with relevant parties, both public and private sectors, to be more effective, and to ask for the cooperation of the public to increase caution in order not to become victims of fraudsters. Do not click links from SMS LINE and emails with unknown or untrusted sources2. Do not download programs other than from sources that have been regulated and secured by the developers of official store operating systems such as the Play Store or App Store.3. Keep mobile banking up to date or set it up to automatic updates. There will be measures to prevent remote control of the machine, as well as regular improvements in the security system.4. Do not use unsecured mobile phones to conduct financial transactions, such as root/jailbreak, to be able to install any application, or use a machine with an outdated operating system, etc.5. Cooperate with relevant authorities in providing accurate information. In order to quickly track and resolve the issue, if the Bank customer finds an abnormal transaction, they can contact the call center or branch of the bank that the customer uses to notify the verification and confirm the accuracy of the transaction immediately. The BOT has emphasized that financial institutions have full measures to take care of all customers in accordance with the prescribed procedures. Financial institutions must urgently consider helping and taking care of customer damage within 5 days.
Inequality World millionaires get 2x richer during COVID 99% of people face the highest poverty in 25 years. |Oxfam reports covid is the highest in 25 years, with 1% of the world's billionaires getting twice as rich as inflation crisis, food and energy prices skyrocket. 99% of the world's population suggests raising taxes on the rich to help people out of poverty. Not only physical illness, but also the rising cost of living has exceeded the minimum wage in many countries. But at the same time, it increases wealth for certain groups of people who make up only 1% of the world. Like the billionaires, according to Oxfam, an independent organization that fights for equality. It found that during the covid pandemic two years ago, $26 trillion or 63% of the world's wealth value went to billionaires, 1% up from 54% 10 years ago, while 37% or $16 trillion came from the rest of the world's population. The billionaire's income rose to $2.7 billion a day, the highest on record in the past decade. As a result, the number of emerging billionaires and the value of wealth more than doubled, with the wealth of billionaires attributed to the rising profits of rapidly rising food and energy prices. For example, Indian billionaire Gautam Adani's energy company alone could reach $42 billion, or a 46% increase over the same period, employing at least 1.7 billion workers. Inflation is more than the minimum wage in their own country, and 60% of the world's population is in a state of food shortages.Sponsored The World Bank predicts that we are likely to face the biggest inequality and poverty since World War II. The solution to the problem of income inequality between rich and poor is to increase the rate of taxation for billionaires and large corporations. The fact that many governments have enacted policies to reduce the tax rate for the high-income rich is one of the key factors, as is COVID that has provoked inequality and poverty. Over the decades, it has been proven that tax cuts for the rich do not improve the well-being of most people. Because most of the taxes that are used to develop the country come from the middle class and the poor. A 5 percent increase in the tax rate with billionaires would raise $1.7 trillion a year, enough to save 2 billion people out of poverty.
China opened sooner than expected, how positive is it for the Thai economy?|China's faster-than-expected reopening will have a significant positive impact on the Thai economy in 2023 as the tourism sector recovers. Although in the short term, China will still face challenges from the covid pandemic that has arisen hard and fast. Kiatnakin Phatra Financial Group estimates that China's faster-than-expected reopening will have a significant positive impact on the Thai economy in 2023 as the tourism sector recovers. In the short term, China is still facing challenges from the covid pandemic that has been rampant and rapid. However, if the outbreak occurs and ends as expected, it could lead to a better recovery for the rest of the year, with the Thai economy not recovering to normal levels from about 11 million returning tourists in 2022 compared to 40 million in 2019. China's faster-than-expected reopening will directly support the Thai economic recovery through the recovery of the tourism sector, which was the main driver of the Thai economy pre-COVID. Although the economic situation in the world's major countries such as the U.S., Europe, and Japan has started to show signs of slowing down and affecting Thai exports, the Thai economy as a whole will still expand quite well, with KKP Research adjusting its 2023 economic forecast from 2.8% growth to 3.6%. 25.1 million from the previously projected 19.2 million, which will have an additional positive impact on domestic consumption. The Thai economy will continue to grow significantly this year, with the tourism and service sectors expanding well. Meanwhile, the manufacturing and export sectors may contract due to weaker global demand. Overall, with the economic recovery, KKP Research continues to assess that inflation will remain above the Bank of Thailand's target range and cause the policy rate to rise by 100bps this year. While the situation in China may take a little longer and there may be more than one wave of outbreaks due to the low number of vaccinated people, KKP Research estimates that China's reopening will begin to see positive effects on the Thai economy in the second quarter and begin to see full effect in the second half of the year. The number of flights from mainland China to Thailand in January was about 50 flights per day, or 1,500 flights per month, representing approximately 230,000 passengers per month, up from about 50,000 per month in December 2018. Looking back at the spending figures of Chinese tourists in 2019, it will be found that the businesses that are most likely to benefit are those related to the sale of goods. Food & Beverage Travel Recreation Overall, the tourism recovery will remain relatively concentrated in some businesses and some tourist areas only, with only 6 major provinces namely Bangkok, Phuket, Chonburi, Surat Thani, Krabi and Phang Nga accounting for more than 90% of total tourism revenue. KKP Research continues to estimate that Thai exports will continue to grow negatively by 1.8% in 2023, and exports in US dollar terms are likely to contract sharply in the first half of the year. From a high base in previous years. Before it could improve in the second half of the year, three uncertainties in 2023SPONSORED, although overall, China's faster reopening helped the economy recover faster. But on the other hand, it adds uncertainty to the Thai economy, namely 1. The highly volatile baht will affect exporters and importers. In the past year, the baht has depreciated considerably. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar, the interest rate differential between Thailand and the United States, and the current account deficit were the largest in several years in 2023. However, the baht situation remains highly uncertain, especially due to the trade balance that remains vulnerable to deficits next year, with the trade balance in Q3 2022 turning into a deficit for the first time in nearly 10 years. Although tourism has a positive effect on the income of people in the country, there are side effects on the price of goods in the country, which can be caused by two parts: - the price of goods in the service sector rises with increasing purchasing power- Labor shortages in the service sector, as happens in many major economies. The service sector, which has been affected by the COVID situation in the past, has caused many workers to move out of the service sector and entrepreneurs are unable to get people back to work.3. Global inflation is likely to rise more than expected and interest rates will remain bullish. In 2023, many expect inflation to ease and the Federal Reserve (FED) will not need to raise interest rates like last year, as well as the possibility of lowering interest rates at the end of the year. The financial situation is still very tight. A strong labor market, China's reopening and rising inflation expectations, as well as a quick recovery in tourism, will cause inflation in the services sector to rise. Create challenges to the Bank of Thailand's interest rate setting in the event of high household debt.
BEM-BMN Panart Destination at MRT Phaholyothin expects 20% more people to use the service|BEM-BMN invests 30 million art destiny at Phaholyothin MRT, aiming to increase both Thai and foreign passengers by 20% on Jan. 18, 2023. Managing Director of Bangkok Metro Networks BMN said the MRT is a mass transit system with more than 400,000 passengers a day, which is an important intermediary that drives Bangkok's economy and society. We have recognized the importance of the art creation space and the company is committed to innovating to create excitement and benefit the users of the MRT skytrain. Metro Art was launched at Phaholyothin Station on an area of over 1,000 square meters to become a new Art Space and Art Destination in the heart of the city in phaholyothin MRT Station that connects all areas of Bangkok. At the same time, BMN already plans to renovate the Phaholyothin MRT station, which the company is confident that from the official launch of Metro Art on January 25, 2023, we expect that after the opening of the country to more tourists, Metro Art Phaholyothin Station will be another new landmark of Bangkok that Thais and foreigners will be interested in. It also stimulates shopping. And also generate sales for stores in Metro Mall and the area around the station," said Mrs. Wattana Sittiwaitayaporn, Assistant Managing Director. Commercial Development and Corporate Communications, Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited (BEM) said: "We have a concept that we want to see society. Therefore, in collaboration with TAT and BMN, the MRT Phaholyothin Station has been renovated to become a center for art work by world-class artists, as well as providing opportunities for new artists to showcase their work. Each day, there will be a work shop where new artists want to find a space to perform, which is the first subway art show in Thailand. It is also part of BEM that has the opportunity to give back to society.
Thors sends savings lottery pimanmas plus set to win 1st prize worth 3 million|The Bank of Thailand sent pimanmas plus savings lottery tickets to win the 1st prize worth 3 million baht with a guarantee of 1 last number every installment on January 18, 2023. managing director The Housing Bank said that in order to increase the choice for those who love to save through the savings lottery, THORS has been able to provide more options for savings lovers. Ready to win the Year of the Rabbit 2023 by preparing a savings lottery product Pimanmas Plus set worth 50,000 baht per unit, totaling 600,000 units (divided into 6 categories of 100,000 units each) with a limit of 30,000 million baht. The 2-year lottery ticket will yield up to 1.25% per annum. When the deposit is due, the principal and interest will be paid a total of 51,250 baht per unit, and the right to win the grand prize every month for a total of 24 times, divided into 1st prize worth 3,000,000 baht each, 1 prize (risk category), 2nd prize worth 30,000 baht each, 25 prizes / category, 4 last numbers worth 10,000 baht (1 spin), Last 3 numbers worth 2,000 baht each (1 spin), 2 last numbers worth 200 baht (1 spin) and 1 last number worth 100 baht (1 spin) with a chance of winning the grand prize up to 0.025% and depositing 500,000 baht or more. Pimanmas Plus set from Monday, January 23, 2023 onwards, allowing retail customers who want to buy tickets with a limit not exceeding 5 million baht. Within the total limit of 10,000 million baht. In order to increase the chances of saving for good returns, there is a higher chance of being rewarded for retail customers. Customers can purchase tickets via GHB ALL GEN, GHB ALL and THOS applications. The first prizes will be issued on Thursday, February 16, 2023.
JMART aims to capture 2 foreign giants to challenge virtual bank battle |Mr. Adisak Sukhumvitya "The financial business must have a complete ecosystem, both in terms of selecting potential customers to create financial opportunities with reasonable interest costs. Adisak said at the same time, a senior source in the J-Mart group said. Thairath Money revealed that J-Mart Group is currently in talks with foreign partners who have previous experience in this field of business. In the past, J Fintech Co., Ltd., which operates personal loan business, and J Ventures Co., Ltd., which is responsible for developing financial technology for the Group, which if adjusted to the form of a virtual bank, will add savings for foreign partners under discussion. We also have foreign partners who are technology companies that do financial business and are licensed to operate virtual banks overseas. Details are currently being discussed. It is expected that the full list of partners who will join the J-Mart Group will be clear within the next few months," the source said. If the license is granted, it may be necessary to consider raising capital because the funding in other areas may not be timely, so there should be money first, but the capital is already set up by J-Mart Group. Foreign investors can apply for establishment if they meet the following requirements: As stipulated by the Financial Institutions Business Act B.E. 2551 (2008), no more than 25% of the total number of shares with voting rights will be sold.
Thai stocks today, January 18, 2023, ended the afternoon up 4.40 points, the index was at 1,685 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was up 4.40 at 1,685.44. Turnover 61,394.66 On January 18, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 4.40, a change of 0.26%, to 1,685.44. The highest index is 1,688.56, the lowest index is 1,679.20, the turnover is 61,394.66 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited.
"Pao Tang" app temporarily closed for "Digital Lottery" service|"Krungthai Bank" announces the closure of the "Government Lottery" system On January 18, 2023, reporters reported that Krungthai Bank had issued a notification to close the "Government Lottery" service system. The system will be closed for improvement from 18 Jan 2023 at 23.00 pm to 19 Jan 2023 at 06.00 am and apologize for any inconvenience.SPONSORED
Thailand, the champion of Chinese New Year tourism, recovered 44%.|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) It said it had assessed the situation of Thai tourism during the Chinese New Year festival on January 19-27. Total revenue is expected to be 21,296 million baht. 48% recovery from 2019, with 588,900 foreign tourists entering Thailand, generating 16,696 million baht in revenue. It recovered 44% of the same period in 2019 and 1.38 million Thais traveled domestically. The company generated 4,600 million baht in revenue and an average occupancy rate of 59%, making the tourist atmosphere more lively than the previous year"The factors that caused the increase in foreign tourists to enter Thailand due to the 7% increase in flights to Thailand in January compared to the previous December, as well as the arrival of Chinese tourists to Thailand. The latter is allowed to travel abroad. Since Jan. 8, Thailand has remained the no. 1 country for Chinese tourists during Chinese New Year this year. Tourism situation in the country It is busier than last year due to Thais of Chinese descent and Chinese people living in Thailand. Use this time to make up for lost time during COVID-19. By coming out together to celebrate the Chinese New Year with the family in the form of a meal together. To bring auspiciousness and happiness into life, as well as to travel and relax in various places. Meanwhile, the region generates revenue from tourism. Excluding Bangkok? It was found that Chonburi and Samut Prakan are areas where a large number of Thais of Chinese descent live. Many popular shrines, as well as local authorities, are also organizing Chinese New Year activities to stimulate tourism, resulting in a higher overall income in the region than other sectors. Bangkok is also the venue for the Chinese New Year event, with the number and revenue of Thai tourists being the highest since before COVID-19. The number of trips is expected to be 197,350 per visit. It generated 870 million baht in revenue due to the presence of Chinatown, which is the location of famous temples and shrines that are the center of faith for the descendants of Thais of Chinese descent. It is popular to come to pay homage to the gods to enhance their auspiciousness. Pay homage to the Year of the King, etc.
"Solar, so prosperous." Open the book to advise manufacturers to break through the toxic electricity bills.|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry Energy prices remained stable at a high level, he said. As a result, the cost of industrial production has risen, accelerating inflation. As a result, the competitiveness of entrepreneurs decreases. It is expected that energy prices will have a long-term impact, so it was handed over to the Office of Industrial Economics (OEC). Study the impact on the industrial sector It was found that raising the electricity bill at the rate of 5.33 baht per unit will affect the cost of industrial production. 4.88% of the most affected industries were steel, followed by cement, textiles, concrete products, apparel and ceramics. The impact analysis was conducted using data from the National Economic and Social Development Council's (NESDB) input and output table. It was found that the increase in electricity bills of 5.33 baht per unit resulted in a 12.41% increase in the cost of steel production, a 9.47% increase in cement industry, an increase in textiles by 8.96%, apparel by 7.98%, and ceramics by 6.49%. Looking at the industries affected by the additional electricity bill hike using the Monthly Shipment Index data for the first 10 months of last year, it was found that steel and textiles had a relatively low growth rate in the monthly shipment index compared to other industries. Entrepreneurs have to adapt significantly compared to other industries." Entrepreneurs need to find sources of renewable energy. Energy imports include reliance on clean energy, alternative energy such as solar energy, hydropower, wind power, hydrogen energy, etc. By planning the use of space suitable for storage, such as the use of natural light and the use of LED electricity. AUTOMATIC ON-OFF WITH SENSOR SYSTEM".SPONSORED
AOT board knocks "Keerati Kitmanawat" to sit on MD podium as expected.|Mr. Sarawut Songsivilai Director-General of the Department of Highways as Chairman of the Board of Directors Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited or AOT. The Board of Directors' meeting was held on 10 February (The board) AOT has approved the Mr. Keerati Kitmanawat Executive Vice President Engineering and Construction Division, AOT He served as The Chief Executive Officer, replacing Mr. Nitinai Sirismarakarn. The current President of AOT will expire on April 24, 2023. This is for the next step through the subcommittee. Salary negotiations will consider negotiating to reach a conclusion on salary. After that, it will be proposed to the Office of the State Enterprise Policy Committee (SCO). Before the employment contract is signed Initially, the procedure is expected to be completed within a month. Feb 23 As for Mr. Kirati's track record, he is considered to have expertise and experience in airport work, and at the moment all 6 airports, AOT plans to expand its capabilities.
Send a business model to the store "resonates".|Mrs. Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul Senior Executive Vice President, Berli Yugger Plc. (BJC) revealed that the company is preparing to expand its "resonant" store business model starting in 2022 or develop a retail model with good management systems and long-term growth. With a five-year target of 30,000 stores in 70 years across the country, the project is also looking to expand this model in Vietnam. At present, there are more than 100 participating stores called GIATOT, which will help to distribute products under the BJC group more comprehensively. There are about 400,000 choui stores in Thailand. In Vietnam, there are 700,000 stores. The company also has many opportunities to expand the business of this popular store model". There are highlights that Cho Hau store operators can choose to invest and sell products by themselves without sharing profits with a low investment budget, which is divided into 2 forms: 1. BJC will use Big C's network to sell products to stores in the community 2.
SCB launches millionaire money management channel to buy Chinese stocks to open the city|Mr. Yanyong Thaicharoen Senior Executive Vice President, Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited SCB WEALTH Holistic Experts revealed that the wealth management business is still fraught with challenges due to the highly volatile global investment market. Both the inflation problem. Interest rate hikes by central banks around the world to stave off inflation And the Russo-Ukrainian War is still protracted. These factors are all driving global economic growth, as well as increased competition in the wealth management market at home and abroad, especially in Thailand, where more diversified players are competing in the business. To build a portfolio of sustainable quality and returns with the readiness of the SCB WEALTH team in data analytics, monitoring, and commitment to make a difference. Digital WealthMr. Sarchai Suneta Assistant General Manager Siam Commercial Bank said that this year the world of investment is getting brighter. There are positive factors from China's opening, while negative factors remain, such as a slowdown in the economy, and possibly a recession in some countries, such as Europe. Keep an eye on Asian stock markets Find a time to invest in Chinese stocks that have been driven by the opening of the city. Thai stocks received positive economic gains from the tourism sector. Driven by good shopping measures PRE-ELECTION SPENDING AND INDONESIAN STOCKS SUPPORTED BY DOMESTIC SPENDING, ESPECIALLY BEFORE THE ELECTIONS, WILL TAKE PLACE IN EARLY 2024.
NBTC flips unsold satellite sales textbook|Air Vice Marshal Thanaphan Haraicharoen National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) The NBTC board meeting was held on January 18, 2023. The committee approved the results of the bid for satellite orbital access rights and assigned the NBTC to prepare an action plan for the unsold orbital package and bring it back to the board for consideration as soon as possible. It's not. On January 15, 2023, the NBTC held an auction for the right to use satellite orbits in a total of 5 sets, appearing to have 3 sets of satellite networks sold, generating revenue of 806 million baht, with Thaicom Public Company Limited winning 2 sets of auctions, namely the 2nd series orbit at 78.5 degrees East and the 3rd series with an orbit of 119.5 degrees East/120 degrees East. East degrees While the company National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT) bid for the 4th series of orbits at 126 degrees East. The other two unsold sets are Series 1, orbiting at 50.5 degrees East/51. Air Vice Marshal Thanaphan said that it was expected that the 1st and 5th series would not be sold because there was no scope of service in Thailand, so the private sector was not interested. Therefore, the Thai private sector is not interested, but opening the way for foreign private individuals to participate in the auction seems impossible, and the price cannot be reduced either. Finally, the orbit may have to be returned to the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), which, according to the law, provides that if maintaining the orbital position is an unnecessary burden, it can be returned to the ITU." The DES board and the DES minister to revoke the satellite bid were ordered by the administrative court on January 19 at 1 p.m.
Flying turtle cabinet group enters electric vehicle business, prepares to launch Chameleon EV No app, it's chargeable.|Flying turtle cabinet group prepares to launch new products Chameleon EV is ready to go into the electric vehicle charging station business, expected to be officially launched in the second quarter and unlock charging restrictions, hoping to generate high growth in 3 years. Managing Director of Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited (FSMART) revealed that the company is preparing to move forward with the electric vehicle charging station business under the brand "FSMART". It is an extension of the beverage vending machine. Flying turtles that have been successful nowadays. It is expected that EV lizards will start marketing in the second quarter of this year. It will use the brand Lizard EV, which will build on the success of the successful Flying Turtle Vending Machine. The EV lizard charging station will be operated directly from FSMART, which will use innovations developed from Boon Top-up kiosks and Tao Bin automatic beverage sales to help solve the problem of electric vehicle charging stations that currently require users to load the application of each camp in order to use the service and pay for electricity top-up. In addition, the company also has innovation in marketing in many parts to help manage the electric charging system, including queues, money storage, parking spaces, and the expansion plan of Chameleon EV initially will have an AC system only because it is estimated that DC charging stations, despite fast charging, have invested more than 100,000 baht per point. Therefore, it may not be worth it in the short term. The company will focus on setting up charging stations in buildings, condominiums, offices, shopping malls with a large number of users and a longer charging time. However, how much will the future of the electric vehicle charging business grow in the future? Personally, I think it depends on the feedback from consumers who will have confidence in the use of electric vehicles. Despite the current awakening of electric vehicles, the volume compared to the entire system is still small. As a result, it can take up to 3 years to succeed.
Gold price today, January 19, 2023, opened Thursday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open in the morning of January 19, 2023, the price increased by 50 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 29,850 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,350 baht per baht. On January 19, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the price of Thai gold today at 09.20 a.m. rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" buying 29,750 baht per baht. Baht 29,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,213.32 baht per baht. Baht 30,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Thai stocks today, January 19, 2023, ended the morning up 4.65 points, the index was at 1,690 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 4.65. The index is at 1,690.09. Turnover 29,374.10 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on January 19, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose by 4.65 million baht. The index was at 1,690.09. The turnover was 29,374.10 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 4.Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Pure Energy Public Company Limited.
Opening of "Distat Panyarachun" CEO OR's new people are ready to soar for growth.|Launched the concept of "Distat Panyarachun", the new CEO of OR, to strengthen the partnership strategy to be a gateway in PTT Group towards consumers. Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), said: "Shortly after I took office, I studied the business overview of OR. It shows the strength of the whole business. Seeing profitable business operations and some businesses that need to accelerate to generate profit, we need to review again. The most important thing is to work as a team with the same aim to enable OR to achieve stable and sustainable growth. With the RISE OR concept that reflects the leadership role necessary to drive the organization under Empowering All toward Inclusive Growth or fulfilling opportunities for all growth together, we will focus on 3 main groups. 1. Synchronization for Ecosystem or Synergy of Energy and Lifestyle Business To strengthen the OR ecosystem by leveraging the advantages of each business. Synergy for Impact or synergy of businesses both inside and outside the group. PTT to enhance the positive impact on all stakeholders in a unified manner. 3. Sustainability for Future or creating a sustainable future through OR's typical SDG to effectively meet OR 2030 goals. Business alongside enhancing the quality of life of the communityD – DIVERSIFIED More Partners, Products and Services through OR's potential to be a platform to diversify diverse and inclusive business opportunities and grow together. All types of OR businesses will be green businesses to support a sustainable low-carbon society and achieve carbon neutrality by 2030, as well as aiming to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. PTT supports each other through the use of OR assets as well as the ability to expand its business while continuing to fulfill all consumer needs."
Thai stocks today, January 19, 2023, ended the afternoon up 3.04 points, the index was at 1,688 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 3.04 points at 1,688.48 points with a turnover of 52,893.79 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
SCB shareholders green light to issue 100 billion baht debentures The offering deadline is within 5 years. |Mrs. Siribanjong Utyopas, Company Secretary of SCB X Public Company Limited, informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that according to SCB X Public Company Limited (the "Company"), the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders No. 1/2023 was held on January 19, 2023 at 2:00 p.m. Debt instruments, all types of debt instruments in Baht and/or foreign currencies, including but not limited to short-term debentures and/or long-term debentures and/or debentures due for redemption. Upon dissolution (perpetual debentures) and/or subordinated debentures and/or debentures Subordinated There are representatives of debenture holders and/or no representatives of debenture holders, insured and/or unsecured and/or other debt securities within the limit of Baht 100,000 million or equivalent in other currencies. By offering to specific investors and/or institutional investors as specified by the Office announcement. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and/or the general public and/or existing debt holders may issue and offer debt securities at one time or several times as it deems appropriate, and may issue and offer additional debt securities and/or issue and offer debt securities to replace existing debt securities that have already been redeemed within such limits.  The issuance and offering period is within 5 years from the date of receipt of the resolution approved by the shareholders' meeting. The debt securities issued by the Company at any given time shall not exceed the said limit by the meeting by 2,473,706,101 votes, representing 99.9595 %. Chief Executive Officer, SCB X Public Company Limited  The company disclosed that the approval of the issuance limit for debt securities not exceeding 100,000 million baht or equivalent in other currencies this time. The Company will be flexible in providing financing to implement the business plan. The company will focus on expanding and developing 3 businesses with high growth prospects: 1. Consumer Finance, 2. Digital assets, and 3. Platform Business, as well as investing in blockchain technology that will be the backbone of future business and climate tech that focuses on solving major global problems. The investment plan is to prepare SCBX Group's business expansion to the regional level and increase the company's value. The execution of the offering will depend on capital market conditions and investment opportunities each year. To have the most appropriate funding structure. 
Chinese New Year 45 billion baht Consumers complain of more expensive things! Buy less|Chinese New Year has raised more than 45 billion baht. At a 3-year high, consumers complained of rising prices. This makes it necessary to buy less. Meanwhile, entrepreneurs are seeing this year as busier than last year. Prepare more items to sell As for the opening of Chinese tourists, helping tourism and the economy recover, ignoring the COVID-19 pandemic, commerce revealed that this year the Chinese New Year offerings have not increased much. After the villagers tightened their belts, Mr. Thanawat Ponvichai Chief Advisor, Center for Economic and Business Forecasting, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce According to a survey of entrepreneurs and people during the Chinese New Year 2023, spending is expected to reach 45,017.17 million baht. The highest value in 3 years since 2021 was 44,939.66 million baht, or 13.6% increase from 2022 at 39,627.79 million baht. It was the first positive growth in four years since 2020 at negative 1.53%, negative 21.85% in 2021 and negative 11.82% in 2020. When asked about spending, 41.3% of respondents said spending was unchanged from the previous year, while 38.4% said it was higher because prices were more expensive. The economy has improved. More income, more bonuses, more stimulus measures for the state. 20.3% said they would spend less because they had more debt, with those with more debt than their income, those with incomes below 5,000-20,000 baht. When asked about the price of this year's offerings by as much as 36.6%, they said things were much more expensive, thus reducing the number of pieces. Buy only the necessary ones. Buy things of lower quality and use leftovers from the previous year. While 28.4% said things were less expensive, 32.8% said they were less expensive. For the source of money spent during Chinese New Year, 56.8% used savings, 22.4% spent money. Use salary Regular income, 15.0% using bonus funds 5.0% of special income is used for state and other assistance, 0.8% for tae-ia, 55.6% expect to receive and 44.4% do not. "Shopping has come back from buying things for yourself, for others, for worship, and traveling, but shopping is still K-shaped. MR. THANAVATHAN SAID THAT THE CENTER ALSO ASKED ABOUT CONCERNS FROM THE OPENING UP OF CHINESE TOURISTS, FINDING THAT FIRST OF ALL, THERE IS NO GOVERNMENT'S COVID-19 PREVENTION MEASURES, FOLLOWED BY THE DETERIORATION OF TOURIST ATTRACTIONS AND THE SPREAD OF NEW COVID-19. But Thais are still worried about COVID from China, so we have to see if the arrival of a lot of Chinese people will have an impact on the outbreak in the country. If there is no severe COVID. Thai tourism will be more"For the perspective of entrepreneurs, it is found that the atmosphere of Chinese New Year this year is busier than last year. Consumers are buying more because the economy is improving. Entrepreneurs are also preparing more items to sell. While most are not worried about the opening of Chinese tourists because they see it as improving tourism and the economy, reporters reported on the price of Chinese New Year offerings in 2023 at Chinatown Market. On January 19, 2023, 2 days before the pay date, it was found that the shopping atmosphere was not bustling. Meanwhile, the price of the product is similar to the previous year, such as boiled chicken 280-300 baht, domestic chicken 500-550 baht, phalo duck 400-480 baht, roasted duck 500-550 baht, and bazae pork. 180-220 baht per piece, etc. Mr. Udom Srisomsong The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade said this year's offerings were similar in price to the previous year. It has not risen significantly because the economy is recovering. And the vendors cannot raise the price, fearing that it will affect sales, while the Department has tracked the cost of goods so that it can be sold according to the actual cost and market mechanism.
"Krungthai" lends Cho Hau to the shop "Resonate"|Mr. Thawatchai Chiwanon Executive Vice President Business Financial Management Division, Krungthai Bank The Bank has partnered with Berli Yugger Plc (BJC) on a new retail model development project. Under the brand "Resonate", it offers 2 financial products that will help entrepreneurs access financing. To support BJC's goal of transforming stores nationwide with modern products and services to meet the needs of today's consumers. The Bank can consider and set credit limits from order information to support working capital to continue their business, which is a member of BJC, which is a member of BJC, which has access to working capital through loans to partners under the Digital Supply Chain Financing Platform of the Bank to be useful in considering loans to small entrepreneurs instead of financial status documents. If you do not use the credit line, there is no interest charge and no collateral required by the Small Industry Credit Guarantee Corporation (BOI) to guarantee the full amount of up to 5 million baht through online channels, both Krungthai Business application and Krungthai NEXTSPONSORED. Money bag stores or pao tung, including stores that use POS system to accept payments, can access financing to expand the store. Fill Stocks Open a new store through a small SME loan that will help small merchants access financing without collateral.
CPF phases out coal in Thailand! Moving towards net-zero goals|Mr. Prasit Boonduangprasert Chief Executive Officer, Charoen Pokphand Food Public Company Limited (CPF) The company is a leader in integrated agro-industrial and food business. It recognizes the mission of being the world's leading food manufacturer that prioritizes food security. In order to ensure the production of quality, safe and adequate food to meet the needs of consumers around the world, while supporting the global goal of mitigating the impacts of climate change, the United Nations Sustainability Goals (SDGs) have announced the goal of Net-Zero by 2050 while achieving the achievement of the elimination of coal. The Coal Free 2022 target in 2023 is an important step towards achieving this goal. After the company achieved success in eliminating the use of coal. 100% for Thai businesses and renewable biomass energy in line with BCG (Bio-Circular-Green Economy) principles in accordance with the guidelines given by Thailand and the world. It's not. The company's approach to Net-Zero focuses on promoting the use of renewable energy. IT CURRENTLY ACCOUNTS FOR 30% OF TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND IN THE FUTURE AIMS TO TRANSITION TO RENEWABLE ENERGY OF 50% IN 2030 AND 100% IN 2050.
Oil palm prices return to normal The extraction plant is fully operational.|Mr. Udom Srisomsong Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade Reveal the latest palm oil situation progress On Jan. 19, 2023, he said the problem was now a week ago. From palm oil extraction plants in the southern regions. The annual closure of the machinery repair plant prevented farmers from selling their produce until the price dropped and the situation returned to normal, with all palm oil extraction plants and pouring fields operating normally and buying palm fruits from farmers. As a result, the price of quality palm has now risen to more than kilograms (kg). "Everything is back to normal, there is no queue in front of the factory, there is no problem delaying the purchase. The purchase price in front of the factory has already risen more than 5 baht. 4.50-5.20 baht per kg for quality palm or ripe palm fruit." Farmers do not want to look at the selling price alone, but also look at the production of oil palm to get quality, because it will make it sell at a much better price, as well as reduce production costs, such as how to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers but not affect the quality of the yield, such as increasing organic matter in the soil from palm leaves. In addition, the palm tree must be taken care of by providing water regularly and only ripe palm must be cut to gain a lot of weight and sell it at a high price. While entrepreneurs 18% or more of crude oil (CPO) quality palm fruit must be purchased and refuse to buy soft palm in all cases. The department coordinated the security department. The government and relevant government agencies shall help monitor the smuggling of crude palm oil and palm oil, as well as strictly monitor the transportation. If found to be smuggled or smuggled, the law shall be carried out to the fullest extent, punishable by imprisonment for 5 years or a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht or both. If there are clues or such behavior. Call the hotline at 1569.
Freeze lpg prices for just 1 month|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy The Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC) meeting monitored lpg prices. This week, import prices stood at US$698 per tonne. This is comparable to the actual domestic retail price of 450 baht per 15 kg tank, but the GOVERNMENT has set the retail price at 408 baht per 15 kg drum, affecting the liquidity of the oil fund in the LPG account. And the latest lpg account fund position is negative 44,794 million baht, which will be close to the oil fund limit in respect of negative LPG accounts not exceeding 48 billion baht. Therefore, the Government has reviewed lpg pricing guidelines to help reduce the cost of living for the people. And having to take into account the liquidity of the oil fund, the resolution was as follows: 1. Agreed to maintain the wholesale price in front of LPG refinery at 19.9833 baht per The target is to keep the retail price of LPG at 408 baht per barrel (15 kg). Effective from February 1-28, 2.The retail price will be increased by 15 baht per 15 kg drum in March and the retail price will be adjusted to 423 baht per 15 kg bucket on March 1-31. The Commission has assigned the Office of Energy Policy and Planning (NIA) to coordinate with the Oil Fund Management Committee to consider the management of oil funds in accordance with the guidelines for reviewing LPG pricing. Meanwhile, The Government has considered ways to help with electricity bills to mitigate the impact on people affected by rising energy prices. It has approved measures to help reduce monthly electricity bills. Jan-Apr with automatic variable electricity charge (FT) Charged at 93.43 satang (Sat.) For vulnerable residential electricity users who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month.
2 major banks announce 2022 performance, Bangkok Bank shows profit of 293 billion baht KBank points to strong growth in digital loans |2 major banks announce 2022 profit, Bangkok Bank grows 10% profit due to rising interest rates and lower expenses. Bangkok Bank has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that Bangkok Bank and its subsidiaries reported a net profit for 2022 of Baht 29,306 million. Net interest income increased by 24.4% year-on-year due to an increase in loan volume and interest rate adjustments. The net interest margin increased to 2.42% in line with the bank's direction of interest rates and liquidity management. Meanwhile, non-interest income decreased by 30%, mainly due to adjustments in the fair value of financial instruments in accordance with market conditions. and net fee and service revenues decreased from the securities and insurance services businesses through banks and mutual fund services. Meanwhile, fee income from international trade financing and services increased. The ratio of expenses to operating income was 49.7%. Expected credit loss of Baht 32,647 million Down 4.4% year-on-year The Bank remains cautious in its reserves, considering the volatility of the global economy that may affect the Thai economy in the future. The increase of 3.6% from the end of 2021 was mainly due to large business customer loans and foreign business loans. The ratio of loans with credit impairment to total loans remained at a manageable level of 3.1%, despite the Bank's continued adherence to careful and prudent provisioning. As a result, the ratio of allowance for credit loss to loans with credit impairment was strong at 260.8%, with deposits at the end of December 2022 amounting to Baht 3,210,896 million. The total capital adequacy ratio increased by 1.7% from the end of 2021 and the loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 83.5%. THE BANK'S AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES' CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO STOOD AT 19.1%, 15.7% AND 14.9%, RESPECTIVELY, WHICH IS HIGHER THAN THE MINIMUM CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO SET BY THE BANK OF THAILAND. KBank has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that for the year 2022, the Bank and its subsidiaries had a net profit of Baht 35,770 million. Operating profit before expected credit loss and income tax amounted to Baht 98,504 million. The increase of 6.72% year-on-year was due to the Bank's strategic implementation and interest rate direction. As a result, net interest income grew strongly and the net interest margin (NIM) was higher at 3.33%. However, the Bank and its subsidiaries considered setting aside the expected credit loss (ECL) increase from the previous year at a high level in order to comply with the ongoing cautionary principles and appropriate to the economic situation. Meanwhile, non-interest income decreased by 3.7 billion baht or 8.42%, mainly due to fees received from fund management. Commissions from securities trading and lower underwriting net income in accordance with market conditions. Other operating expenses increased by 3,709 million baht or 5.22%, primarily due to increased marketing expenses in line with increased revenues due to business volumes and information technology expenses to support customer needs.
Oishi continues to grow strongly in both food and beverage segment in 2022, profit jumps 120%|Oishi announces 2022 profit of 1,199 million baht, up 120% from 2021, while in 2023, it is preparing to open its first franchise business. The Managing Director of OISHI Group Public Company Limited or OISHI, a Japanese-style food and beverage business operator, said that Oishi Group's operating results continued to grow strongly, with the company's fiscal year 2022 being October 1, 2021 - 30 October 2021. SEP 2022 Able to grow the business back to strength and sustainability due to planning and adjusting various strategies to keep up with the rapidly changing situation and continuously. In fiscal year 2022, the Company had total sales revenue of 12,696 million baht. Revenue from the beverage business increased by 2,878 million baht or 29.3% compared to the previous year, with revenue from the beverage business of 7,292 million baht. Increased by 1,042 million baht or 16.7% compared to the previous year Revenue from the food business was 5,404 million baht. Net profit increased by 1,836 million baht or 51.5% compared to the previous year, while the total net profit stood at 1,199 million baht. The increase of 654 million baht or 120% growth from the previous year was mainly due to the growth of the beverage business. The recovery of the food business has seen more consumers returning to the store. EFFICIENT COST MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF ONGOING OPERATING EXPENSESSPONSORED HOWEVER, OISHI IS COMMITTED. Always intend to deliver the best food and beverage products to customers. Quality is our number one priority. Meticulous in every step, from raw materials selected from standard production to modern factories, to create food products. Top-notch beverages build consumer confidence in delivering quality products. In the beverage business, OISHI Green Tea continues to dominate the ready-to-drink tea market with a market share of 48%. Especially the latest health lovers. We have created a new segment, green tea 0% brown in response to the health trend, consumers are increasingly focusing on health care. Moreover, the company sees an opportunity to expand its business to prepare plans and budgets in proportion to more than last year. Hit the market through the creation of new marketing campaigns. Raising awareness of health care and reinforcing the value of green tea For 2023, the beverage business will be driven by 4 main strategies: 1. Communicate the benefits of green tea Raise awareness of the benefits of catechins in every bottle of Oishi green tea. High health benefits2. Expanding the youth base Add value to packaging to bond with teens3. Expanded the 0% sugar segment to create 0% growth in sugar products to meet the lifestyle of health lovers. Expanding export markets by strengthening its presence in key markets such as Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar, as well as creating growth opportunities in new markets in ASEAN countries, Nang Nong Nooch said the food business group has raised service standards and quality. After the easing of COVID measures, marketing campaigns that responded and received positive feedback from consumers. Control management effectively As a result, the food business in 2023 saw sales growth of 51.5% and net profit growth of 121% compared to the same period in 2021. The restaurant business continues to drive its business to maintain market leadership in the Japanese restaurant segment. With the expansion of branches and sales channels in multi-format and franchise business for the first time, as well as increasing the variety of seamless distribution channels or Omni ChannelSPONSORED, as well as managing restaurants efficiently and raising product standards. Service and quality by selecting and selecting quality, clean, fresh and standardized ingredients from leading sources around the world. One of the major import sources is Toyosu Market, Japan's largest and most modern fish and seafood market. The company leverages its strengths in taste, nutritional value and quality to strengthen its consumer market base and sales, as well as continuously developing both existing and new products to the market and adapting to consumer demand. After receiving much better feedback from covid-19 onwards, Oishi Group's future strategic plan is to drive the business in accordance with PASSION 2025 by innovating products and services that meet consumer lifestyles. Encouraging innovation to develop healthier food and beverages by launching new products that are in line with the current and future trend of Health & Wellness. In addition to expanding the new customer base and maintaining the existing customer base by organizing sponsored marketing activities, as well as driving customer reach by continuously expanding branches nationwide, one of the key strategies is to adhere to quality and focus on business operations along with environmental and social responsibility. Under good governance principles to maintain a strong and sustainable leadership in Japanese-style food and beverage business.
Gold price today, Jan. 20, 2023, opened Friday morning, jewelry sold out 30,500.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Friday morning 20th Jan 23, price increased by 100 baht for "gold bullion" sold out 30,000 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,500 baht per baht. On January 20, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.24 a.m. rose by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,900 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,000 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,364.92 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,500 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,950 baht Sell out 15,000 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,682.46 baht Sell out 15,250 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,475 Baht Sell Out 7,500 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,341.23 Baht Sell Out 7,625 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,737.5 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,670.615 Baht Sell Out 3,812.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
NITMX reveals 13,705 million transactions in 2022 |NITMX reveals 2022 PromptPay usage surpasses 13,705 million Record high since opening On January 20, 2023, a reporter reported that National ITMX Co., Ltd., or NITMX, revealed an overview of the use of PromptPay. Dec 2022 There were 66.94 million individual registrations with PromptPay, 39.47 million id card numbers and 27.47 million phone numbers. Overall, this was an increase of 34.66% compared to December last year, with Thursday, Dec. 1, 2022, marking the highest number of transactions since its opening. Summary of 13,705 million transactions through PromptPay throughout 2022, with consumers using PromptPay to make various transactions, including: 1. 68.8% bank account transfer 2. Transfer money with reference number 16.3% 3. Payment by QR Code and invoice 9.3% 4. Top-up e-Wallet 5.7%SPONSORED The most popular time for people to transfer money is lunch break and after work, and working days are more active than holidays and public holidays. Moreover, at the end of the month, there will be more transactions than usual, but statistics show that PromptPay traffic continues to grow and set new records. The key factors that make PromptPay successful include: 1. Establishing a national project where the public and private sectors work together to drive and encourage the rapid and widespread use of digital payments2. Establishing an open and connected system infrastructure 3. Cooperation of payment service providers in the development of PromptPay system4. Service design and innovations that take into account the needs of users5. Appropriate fee structure that allows users to access financial services conveniently6. Respond to changing consumer behavior After the COVID-19 pandemic Consumers can access financial services conveniently, securely, transfer money, make payments, pay bills anytime, anywhere.
  Ann Chakkraphong The reason for the sale of JKN shares, the reason for bringing money to Miss Universe and adding money to increase the RO|Movement of JKN Global Group Public Company Limited or JKN after the announcement of the acquisition The Miss Universe Organization (MUO) in the past found that Mr. Chakrapong Chakrajuthathip JKN's Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director has sold over 14 million shares thereafter. The total value is over 309 million baht. Prior to the announcement of the issuance of newly issued shares to existing shareholders in proportion to the number of shares held (Right Offering or RO) at the ratio of 1 existing share to 1 newly issued ordinary share at the offering price of 3 baht per share, Mr. Chakrapong Chakrajuthathip The Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of JKN Global Group Public Company Limited (JKN) revealed that he and his family will fully invest in the exercise of RO shares and drive JKN towards its goals. As for the sale of shares in the previous period, it was to bring money to circulate in the business. It is used as working capital in MUO business, which is a global business scale without interest and that needs to increase RO capital in order to prepare for business expansion on a global scale. The Company will issue new shares for offering to existing shareholders in proportion to the number of shares held (Right Offering) or RO at the ratio of 1 existing share to 1 ordinary share, increasing the capital at the offering price of 3 baht per share to give the opportunity for existing shareholders to have the right to participate in the success. This is driven by the growth of MUO's business with a revenue target of 1,200 million baht. After El Salvador invested more than 400 million baht. To host the next contest at the end of 2023 is a testament to JKN's ability to grow by 80% in line with its targets. After owning Miss Universe organization, the company has helped to raise the company's image and work process to global company standards. In addition, a portion of the proceeds from the issuance and offering of RO shares will strengthen JKN's financial strength with a plan to restructure its finances to reduce financial costs, and as a result, the financial ratio will significantly improve both in terms of debt to equity (D/E ratio) that will decrease from the previous 1.7 times at the end of 3Q22, and cash flow from operations will improve. There are debentures due within 1 year to approximately 1,000 million baht. JKN plans to issue debentures to repay the existing series of debentures, which are in accordance with the original plan under the limit approved by the meeting. Shareholders and also have a reserve limit of not less than 1,000 million baht. Therefore, there are no liquidity issues and maturity plans.
Thai stocks today, January 20, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 12.65 points, the index was at 1,675 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 12.65 points at 1,675.83 points with a turnover of 46,435.23 million baht. Jan. 23 Half day in the morning, the index dropped 12.65. The index was at 1,675.83. The turnover was 46,435.23 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are 1.Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2.Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3.PTT Public Company Limited 4.SCB X Public Company Limited 5.Banpu Public Company Limited.
BMW, thailand's premium car market champion for 3 consecutive years, registered 15,010 units, growth of 36.1%|BMW Group Thailand Maintains the Thai premium car market champion for 3 consecutive years with 15,010 units registered, a growth of 36.1% from 2021. Bmw Group Thailand's President and CEO Said: "The attractive product portfolio that drives the sustainability of BMW Group Thailand. Bmw Motorrad has achieved significant success in the engine segment of 500 cc and above with a record market share of 10.3% and continues to build strong performance from a wide range of products with a total of 1,293 units registered in 2022, an increase of 8% from the previous year, demonstrating BMW's growing popularity. With the BMW CE 04 launching at the end of last year for 2022, the BMW Group continues to grow and occupy the No. 1 position in the global premium car segment. It has delivered a total of 2,399,636 BMW MINI and Rolls Royce vehicles to customers around the world. Sales of 100% electric vehicles doubled from 2021, with total deliveries of 215,755 units from BMW and MINI, up 107.7%. Deliveries of 372,956 electric vehicles were delivered year-on-year, an increase of 35.6% from the previous year, reflecting the growing global demand for electric vehicles. While BMW With a total of 202,895 motorcycles and scooters delivered worldwide, BMW Group Thailand aims to reach the end of the future. The positive growth in sales and market share is a testament to the superior quality and design of BMW, MINI and BMW. It also points to the company's commitment to manufacturing vehicles that meet changing customer needs and satisfaction. This is a guarantee of bmw group Thailand's leadership position. In the Thai premium automotive market for 3 consecutive years as well.
SCO reports 2022 deposit growth of 3.36% with deposit protection in virtual banks as well as banks|Deposit Protection Institute The deposit statistics report at the end of October 2022 showed that the total number of depositors was 89.66 million. 4.46% growth, covering 16.12 trillion baht in protected deposits With deposit protection in virtual banks, as well as banks, depositors will be covered by the legal limit of 1 million baht. per 1 depositor Ext. 1 Mr. Songpol Chivapanyaroj Bank The director of the Deposit Protection Institute (NESDB) said that based on the statistics of protected deposits, At the end of October 2022, there was a protected deposit amount. 16.12 trillion Baht This is an increase from the end of 2021 of 525 billion baht. The 3.36% growth was mainly due to the suspension of funds in the deposit accounts of large depositors and funds during periods of volatility in financial markets, and the business sector that put money into deposit accounts to create liquidity in business. This represents an increase of 3.83 million in 2021, representing a growth of 4.46%, mainly due to an increase in individual depositors with deposits less than 1. Million Baht Currently, fully covered depositors account for 98.01% (87.88 million) of the total number of depositors. At present, the deposit protection fund totals 137 billion baht. At the same time, the Institute has adjusted its operations to keep pace with the changes in financial innovation and new financial services, such as branchless commercial banks or virtual banks that are coming up in Thailand. Currently, many countries around the world have issued license criteria for the establishment of branchless commercial banks or virtual banks, such as Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, England, etc. In Thailand, depositors' deposits are protected by the Deposit Protection Institute in accordance with the legal protection limit of 1 million baht. per 1 depositor to 1 financial institution.
SCBX reports 375 billion profit on lower reserves Set a target for 2023 revenue growth of more than 10% |SCBX reveals 2022 profit increase of 5.5%, mother ship strategy works and reserves decrease Set a target for 2023, hoping for loan growth of 5-8%, increase revenue by 10%, and expand the customer base to surpass 35 million. Chief Executive Officer, SCB X Public Company Limited Revealed that SCB X Public Company Limited has a net profit of 2022. 37,546 Million Baht This was a 5.5% year-on-year increase driven by strong growth in net interest income, expense discipline and financing. Declining reserves, despite pressure from a decline in fee income and investment income. In 2022, net interest income amounted to Baht 107,865 million. The increase of 13.3% year-on-year was driven by the expansion of the net interest rate differential under the growth strategy focused on credit quality and the upward interest rate direction, while overall lending grew by 3.3% year-on-year. Fee income and other expenses amounted to Baht 44,866 million. Revenue from investment and trade amounted to Baht 1,689 million, down 4.7% year-on-year due to a slowdown in the wealth management business. Decreased by 79.1% year-on-year due to high volatility of the financial and capital markets in the past year, operating expenses amounted to Baht 69,874 million. The increase of 9.9% year-on-year was due to increased business activity as well as reorganization under the Mother Ship Strategy. However, the expense-to-income ratio is at an appropriate level of 45.2% in 2022, a slight increase from the previous year. The Company has set a reserve of 33,829 million baht. This was down 19.5% year-on-year, reflecting credit quality management. Proactive measures and precautions have always been taken since the beginning of the pandemic. While the allowance ratio for doubtful loans to non-performing loans increased to 159.7%, the non-performing loan ratio at the end of 2022 stood at 3.34%, down from 3.79% last year, as a result of the success of comprehensive debt restructuring under the Bank of Thailand's framework and effective non-performing loan management. In the next phase to two years, the focus will be on: The exponential growth of the digital lending business, which has been prepared both in terms of team and strategy for some time. At the same time, SCB's Be a Better Bank strategy focuses on quality growth under a reduced cost structure. For businesses in the technology and digital asset sectors, the focus will be on gradual investment according to market conditions. In terms of operating results in the past year, the Company has maintained its growth and stability in its financial position. With the management of Appropriate risk under high volatility of the capital markets. The Company believes that the growth of the Group's business In the next phase, there will still be a chance of significant improvement. Based on the parent vehicle strategy and the recovery of the business sector, the growth plan for 2023, the company aims to have a loan growth rate of 5-8%, net interest margin of more than 3.5%, revenue growth rate of more than 10%, expected credit loss ratio to loans of 1.20-1.40%, and a total of 35 million customers.
Thai stocks today, January 20, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 11.23 points, the index was at 1,677 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed the afternoon down 11.23. The index is at 1,677.25. Turnover 76,365.61 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 20th. Jan. 23 Half day afternoon, the index fell 11.23. The index was at 1,677.25. The index peaked at 1,688.59. The index is at a low of 1,672.49. The turnover was 76,365.61 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. PTT Public Company Limited.
The people who used the car were very sad. The announcement of another hike in "fuel prices", except for diesel, remains the same.|Don't forget This evening, I have to stop by to fill up "PTT. Station" and "Bangchak" announced an increase in the price of gasohol by 60 baht. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 20th. Jan 2023 Reporter reports that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 60 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on 21 The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.75 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.48 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.84 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 35.29 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
KTC sets new record profit in 2022 to reach 7,140 million.|KTC set a new record profit in 2022 to reach 7,140 million, an increase of 20.4%, while its receivable portfolio surpassed 100 billion on January 20, 2023. Krungthai Card Public Company Limited (KTC) Chief Executive Officer said that the recovery of the tourism and private consumption sectors from the last quarter of 2022 to the present. As a result, the Thai economy is likely to expand sequentially, with employment and labor income rising. As a result, the overall growth of the credit card and personal loan business continued to improve, reflecting consumer confidence and resulting in the growth of demand for consumer credit lines. In 2022, KTC has operated its core business in accordance with strategic plans and targets in various areas and has performed better than expected in many areas. Compared to the same period in 2021, both the credit card receivable portfolio grew by 15.4% and the personal loan portfolio expanded by 10.4%, as well as the volume of spending via KTC credit cards with a significant growth rate of 21.7%, amounting to Baht 238,257 million, higher than the same period in 2019, which was pre-COVID. Brother Bum Money changer worth 1,055 million baht However, KTC will focus on close cooperation with Krungthai Bank to provide loans to KTC. Brother Bum Money changer achieves new debtor target of 9,000 million baht However, despite the expansion of KTC's credit card and personal loan portfolio last year, KTC remains strict with the criteria for selecting new customers from the source in order to obtain a quality loan portfolio with a low bad debt ratio. It also manages to reduce financing costs while administrative expenses increase due to new subscriber acquisition and higher marketing activities to invest in portfolio building. As of December 31, 2022, KTC had a total membership base of 3,289,839 accounts, loans to receivables and accrued interest totaling Baht 104,194 million. Non-performing loans to total loans (NPLs) 1.8% Credit card business 2,550,592 Credit cards to credit card receivables 69,462 million baht Non-performing loans to loans (NPLs) ratio of credit card receivables 1.1% Personal loan business 739,247 accounts Personal loans 32,283 million Baht Non-performing loans to loans (NPL) Personal loan receivables equal to 2.8% Receivables under lease agreements of the Company KrungThai Leasing Business Limited (KTBL) valued at Baht 2,449 million The non-performing loans to loans (NPL) ratio of lease receivables was 8.9%, of which NPL of lease receivables decreased significantly due to the write-off of existing outstanding receivables, which were fully set aside and focused on acquiring new customers in the commercial loan segment in 2023. 8.3% increase compared to 2021 due to interest income (including credit usage fees) and fee income increased by 5.6% and 15.8%, respectively. The loss of debt was 3,421 million baht. 4.7% increase in total expenses of Baht 14,377 million 1.3% increase in administrative expenses 10.8%SPONSORED was mainly due to a 34.5% increase in marketing expenses and a 16.2% increase in fees and services, while the expected credit loss decreased by 10.8% and financing costs decreased by 1.6%. By the end of 2022, KTC had a total of 61,635 million baht in loans. The increase from 2021 was 13.3%, with the financing structure from short-term and long-term loans accounting for 24% to 76%, respectively, with loans from Krungthai Bank of Baht 6,000 million. Other financial institutions and related financial institutions 10,179 million baht and the issuance of debentures amounted to 45,456 million baht. The ratio of debt to equity is 2.2 times, which is 10 times lower than the commitment and has an available credit line of 20,709 million baht.
Treasury moves to increase GDP target for 2023|From January 1-16, Dubai crude oil prices averaged $78 compared to $95.4 last year. It is set in the framework of 1-3%. The Ministry of Finance will revise its 2023 economic growth forecast, which is reviewed every 3 months, and will officially announce it on January 27. The numbers that the NCPO has reviewed in the last round. On October 28, 2022, the Thai economy is expected to expand by 3.4% in 2022, 3.8% in 2022, 6.2% in 2022 and 2.9% in 2023. Previously, the number of foreign tourists entering Thailand this year was estimated at 21.5 million. That's up from 10 million tourists in 2022. It is estimated that about 2.8 million Chinese tourists will visit Thailand. It is expected that the number of Chinese tourists visiting Thailand will be more than previously expected, while the negative factor affecting the Thai economy is the baht that is expected to strengthen. This may affect Thailand's competitiveness in exports. Many expect the value of Thai exports in U.S. dollars in 2023 to expand by 2.5% due to the global economic slowdown.
The Department of Internal Trade tightens prices on goods.|Lieutenant General Chakra Yodmanee, deputy director-general of the Department of Internal Trade, revealed that the department has been continuously monitoring the situation of consumer goods. To create fairness for consumers not to be exploited in purchasing goods and services, including checking scales, measuring, and certifying before taking the scales. As well as checking the accuracy during Chinese New Year, we have checked the price situation and the accuracy of the scales in the bazaar. Gold shops, with the chinese new year seeing that people are back to shopping more actively than last year," reiterated that merchants who use scales in their trade must use scales that have been verified by the department. If the violation is punishable by imprisonment for not more than 6 months or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both, and if the scale is modified to take advantage of the public, it will be punishable by imprisonment for not more than 7 years and a fine not exceeding 280,000 baht." In case of incorrect use of the scale or unfair price, please call the hotline 1569 or the provincial commercial office or the local weighing and measuring branch office will send an officer to investigate. If found guilty, legal action will be taken.
Apple and tech giant Google are being shaken to the throne.|Apple and Google are facing a major all-round battle over the power of the technology market, with Apple facing challenges from regulators. Google's monopoly on the App store market is being overshadowed by ChatGPT, which users see as more responsive than Apple. Facing challenges from breaking the monopoly power of the app market in the past 1-2 years, both Apple and Google have been watched by regulators. In 2021, the U.S. Senate launched an investigation into Apple and Google for monopolizing competition and commercial exploitation on app store and play store platforms, following complaints from prominent app developers Spotify, Tinder, and Tile Inc., specifically Apple, which in the same year was sued by the popular game owner Epic Game Company Fortnite over its monopoly on app store by enforcing payments only through Apple's channels, as well as a 30% deduction from the application's revenue. Not only does Apple receive revenue from the application's commission, but also revenue from all trading transactions that occur within the game, which is why games like Fortnite have been removed from the App store for failing to comply with their payment requirements. The company's payment gateway enforcement ensures a continuous user experience. It is free from deception. A California court ruled in Apple's win in the SPONSORED trade monopoly case, but later it was reported that Apple is currently working on restructuring its App store to accommodate other providers in accordance with new European laws prohibiting Google trade. There is a storm from ChatGPT that is vying for users. Google seems to have implied that ChatGPT could be a major competitor and would be a problem for the business afterwards. Google CEO Pichai has issued a red code ordering the team to accelerate the development of AI products after facing the heat of ChatGPT, an intelligent chatbot of OpenAI that developed an interactive model with reinforce learning techniques that enable quick and natural interaction and dispute facts with human information and can be used in a variety of applications, especially to help write content and edit programming code. Thanks to the positive feedback from users and the intelligence of ChatGPT, it has attracted many investors who are clamoring for support, especially the main sponsor Microsoft, which previously invested more than 3 billion U.S. dollars, recently announced plans to invest an additional 10 billion U.S. dollars, which, if the deal is reached, will make Microsoft a major shareholder and benefit from the integration of ChatGPT into its own search engine Bing to be able to compete with Google from business insiders, nytime sources.
Gold price today last 21 Jan 23, opened the market, discounted 100 gold jewelry, sold out baht 30,350.|"Today's Gold Price" On Saturday morning, January 21, 2023, the price of "gold jewelry" was reduced by 100 baht for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 29,850 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" was sold at 30,350 baht on January 21 2023. 32 baht sold out 30,350 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,875 baht sell out 14,925 baht gold jewelry 2 pieces buy 14,606.66 baht sell out 15,175 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion 1 shilling buy 7,437.5 baht sell out 7,462.5 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,303.33 baht sell out 7,587.5 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,718.75 baht sell out 3,731.25 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,651.66 baht sell out 3,793.75 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
In 2023, to become a strong organization, KTC came by appointment! 2022 profit smashes record high|KTC is pleased with its 2022 performance, continuing to record profitability as expected, growing in all business units, moving forward in 2023, making major adjustments, aiming to drive the organization towards a strong foundation. Reinforcing the organization's trust with all stakeholders, Mr. Ratian Srimongkol Chief Executive Officer, "KTC" or Krungthai Card Public Company Limited It said the recovery of the tourism sector and private consumption from the last quarter of 2022 to the present. As a result, the Thai economy is likely to expand, with employment and labor incomes rising. As a result, the overall credit card and personal loan business continued to grow well. This reflects consumer confidence and has led to a growth in demand for consumer credit lines. In 2022, KTC has been operating its business in accordance with various strategic plans and has performed better than expected in many areas. Compared to 2021, both credit card receivables grew by 15.4% and personal loan portfolios grew by 10.4%, as well as spending volume through KTC credit cards grew by 21.7%, amounting to Baht 238,257 million, higher than the same period in 2019, which was pre-COVID-19. Brother Bum The money changer is worth 1,055 million baht. "Despite the expansion of KTC's credit card and personal loan portfolio in 2022, KTC remains strict with the criteria for selecting new customers from the source in order to obtain a quality loan portfolio with a low bad debt ratio. KTC's full-year 2022 results set a new record for the highest profit with a separate financial statement with a profit of 7,140 million baht. Net profit increased by 14.2% and consolidated financial statements had a net profit of 7,079 million baht. The total loan portfolio was valued at 104,194 million baht. With a total membership base of 3,289,839 accounts with a non-performing loan to total loan (NPL) ratio of 1.8%, the credit card business has 2,550,592 cards for the 2023 strategic plan in preparation to drive KTC towards a strong corporate foundation "A Transition to the New Foundation". Access and use of security-focused, accurate and transparent information to provide KTC with a quality database to support efficient operations.
The Department of Intellectual Property is cracking down on contraband and abuse dealers.|Mr. Wuttikrai Leeviraphan Director General, Department of Intellectual Property It was revealed after the meeting of the Anti-Intellectual Property Infringement Working Group with relevant agencies such as the Security Directorate of the Kingdom ,the Royal Thai Police, etc., that the Department had planned Working with all relevant sectors In order to deal with the violations that may occur after COVID-19 has eased and more foreign tourists come to Thailand, the Department will work with the Royal Thai Police and the Royal Thai Police. Monitor and monitor major commercial areas that have previously sold highly infringing goods, such as in tourist areas in Bangkok and upcountry, as well as cooperate with the Customs Department to actively intercept illegal shipments at the border and border checkpoints. As for the sale of infringing goods online, the Department will work with government agencies and the private sector to own the rights. Owner of an online merchandising platform Prevent abuse and investigate and arrest violators who use online channels as a tool to deceive consumers. In 2012, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, there was no list of Thai commercial districts or online marketplaces listed in the U.S. Report on Notorious Markets, while in 2022, 5,827 cases of intellectual property infringement were seized and 2.308 million items were seized. The damage amounted to 1,058 million baht".
Thai stocks today, January 23, 2023, ended the morning up 5.83 points, the index was at 1,683 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 5.83 points at 1,683.08 points with a turnover of 26,955.92 million baht. In the morning, the index rose by 5.83. The index was at 1,683.08 points with a turnover of 26,955.92 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
Big IPOs are low, many bookings reflect expensive stock prices. Analysts point to liquidity shrinking, requiring additional discounts. |The movement to raise capital on the stock exchange or enter the IPO of large stocks faces significant challenges. Especially in terms of the share price after entering into trading. According to the Stock Exchange of Thailand, the top 5 IPO stocks with the highest market capitalization in the past 2 years have fallen below the subscription price by 4 securities, including Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited or TLI, I-Tel Corporation Public Company Limited or ITC, Betagro Public Company Limited or BTG, and BBGI. Mr. Kitpan Pripaisankit, Assistant Managing Director UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) Public Company Limited "In the past, large IPOs had to admit that the offering price was high compared to growth, and some companies raised capital during periods when the company had a better profit than usual. "Large IPOs in recent times have not received a good response due in part to high pricing, and at the same time, some companies have raised capital during periods of better than usual." As a result, there is a lot of money that seeks a return on investment, and with IPO being one of the high-yield investments. When the demand for investment is high, it is possible to set a price to sell premium, but this year, the challenge for IPOs is that this year's liquidity is not as good as in the past. The Federal Reserve (Fed) has started raising interest rates and pulling money back. As a result, interest rates in the country have also risen. When financing costs decrease This will put pressure on investments in all assets, including IPOs. This year's IPO is still in good shape, but the key is that this year's IPO pricing will be very important and may be less premium. At the same time, the discount to investors must be greater than the usual situation in order to attract investors to subscribe for IPOs. Mr. Manpong Sena narong, Deputy Manager Head of Issuer Division The Stock Exchange of Thailand "This year's IPO is likely to be one of the busiest years in history. More than 40 companies are expected to raise capital, with the key factor coming from the preparation of new accounting standards in 2024. This year's large-cap IPO is expected to raise capital by more than three companies.
Gold price today, 23 January 2023, opened Monday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opened on Monday morning, January 23, the price increased by 50 baht for "gold bullion" to sell out 29,900 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,400 baht on January 23, 2023. At 09.27 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,800 baht, selling out 29,900 baht, and "gold jewelry" buying 29,900 baht. 258.80 Baht sold out 30,400 Baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 shillings Buy 14,900 baht Sell out 14,950 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,629.4 baht Sell out 15,200 baht Gold price today 1 shilling Gold bullion 1 shilling buy 7,450 baht Sell out 7,475 baht Gold jewelry 1 shilling Buy 7,314.7 baht Sell out 7,600 baht Gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,725 baht Sell out 3,737.5 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,657.35 baht Sell out 3,800 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Supalai aims to achieve sales of 36,000 million baht in 2023 and 37 new projects|Supalai launches 2023 business plan with 34 low-rise projects worth 41,000 million baht New High sales reached 36,000 million on Jan. 23, 2023. Supalai Public Company Limited (SPALI) Chief Executive Officer Said that the overall real estate market in 2022 has started to recover and business stimulus measures with the reduction of ownership transfer fees and LTV easing measures have stimulated consumers' home purchasing decisions for 2023. In addition, measures to reduce registration fees for residential properties in 2023 have been implemented, such as reducing the registration fee for real estate transfers from 2% to 1% of the appraised or selling price (the previous measure was reduced to 0.01%), and reducing the registration fee for real estate mortgages from 1% to 0.01% from the loan amount. We have invested in real estate projects both domestically and internationally in Australia. 12 projects worth 52,600 million baht have been invested. With a total investment of 9,748 million baht. The growth has been very satisfactory. In addition, other businesses such as Resort Housing, Rental Office, Serviced Condo, Community Mall / Market in Hua Yai province and co-working called MEET & CO. Managing Director of SPALI said, "In 2022, we achieved total sales of 32,433 million baht, 35% higher than the target or 28 billion baht. Compared to 2021 with 24,069 million baht, we launched 31 new low-rise and condominium projects worth 37,800 million baht. There are 28 low-rise projects, including 10 projects in Bangkok and vicinity, 18 projects in the region, 3 condominium projects in Bangkok and vicinity, and 1 project in the region. For 2023, we aim for sales and revenue of 36,000 million baht. We will launch 37 new projects. The project is divided into 34 low-rise projects worth 32,700 million baht. 3 condominium projects worth 8,300 million baht The total value is 41,000. And set a land purchase budget of 8,000 million baht. This year, the company is focused on achieving a big goal with stability and sustainability"This year, we are preparing to do regional projects in new provinces with potential locations and high demand for housing. At present, Supalai has developed the project covering 28 provinces, and this year we are preparing to develop new projects in 5 new provinces, namely Lampang, Lamphun, Nakhon Pathom, Ratchaburi and Chanthaburi." SPALI high-rise building construction division said that we are ready to drive innovation in green housing, supalai houses and condominiums. Reduce heat Reduce water consumption, reduce waste, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and continue waste management projects in the ongoing construction process, such as choosing pipes that fit the actual length. Turning wooden pallets used to transport lightweight bricks into plastic pallets, which makes them last longer. Determining the size of the mortar balls in the compressive strength test of concrete to the appropriate size but maintaining the same efficiency, as well as reusing scrap materials such as straps of building materials to weave into baskets or aerated bricks to be used as plant pots to reduce the loss of building materials and to manage the waste materials for maximum value and benefit.
Analysts estimate China's opening up pushes Thailand's economy to 3.4%, keeping an eye on tariff walls, putting pressure on exports is not bright.|SCB EIC points to China's opening up of tourism, hotels, resurrection Thailand's GDP grew by 3.4%, keeping an eye on exports facing challenges Scb EIC Economic and Business Research Center estimates that global economic growth in 2023 is likely to slow significantly from the previous year, but the risk of global economic recession is less due to 3 main factors. 1. The impact of the energy crisis in European countries is less than expected. Due to very mild winter weather and a sharp drop in global energy prices. The same applies to the steadily declining unemployment rate. 2. China reopens earlier than expected as its population becomes more immune after the outbreak in the first quarter, which will help economic activity recover stronger in the second quarter. 3. The direction of global inflation is starting to slow down more clearly. However, there is still high uncertainty from geopolitical conflicts and the resumption of COVID-19 restrictions in China in the event of another wave of the outbreak, while the Thai economy is expected to continue growing at 3.4%. In addition, Thailand remains a popular tourist destination, which will bring about 28.3 million foreign tourists to Thailand this year, with at least 4 million Chinese tourists entering Thailand. Thai exports in 2023 are not very bright with the global economic outlook slowing down under heightened uncertainty and may face additional pressure from new import tariffs from key trading partners such as Europe (e.g. deforestation free goods law) and India, which will take effect partially from this year, and the value of Thai exports is expected to expand by only 1.2% this year. As a result, core inflation accelerated from 2.5% in 2022 to 2.7%. It is also important to keep an eye on the upcoming elections this year as it could affect the stability of Thai politics and result in economic uncertainty in Thailand.
Krungthai stocks hit a 56% gain, analysts said. Government measures help create growth.|Krungthai Bank shares jumped 3.51%. Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited (KTB) has seen strong asset prices since the opening of trading, resulting in a rise in the share price to 17.70 baht, an increase of 3.51% amid a turnover of 1.1 billion baht. Analysts believe that KTB shares are benefiting from the development of the Pao Tang app and will benefit from the government's economic stimulus. This is an increase of 56% from the previous year. President, Krungthai Bank The company said the main growth in total operating income was due to an increase in net interest income in line with the growth of quality-oriented loans. Loans, excluding government loans, grew 4.3% year-on-year and interest rates rose. Net fee income and other operating income This, coupled with the ability to manage expenses holistically, resulted in a cost to income ratio of 43.68%, down from 45.54% in the same period last year. The Bank and its subsidiaries carefully manage asset quality and closely monitor the overall picture of loans. The NPLs Ratio-Gross was 3.26%, down from 3.50% at the end of 2021. Krungthai Bank is one of the major banks with strong asset quality and application development, and Krungthai NEXT sees benefits in the medium to long term to see data analysis and cross-sellingSPONSORED. Overall, net profit in 2023 is expected to increase by 3% from the same period last year. From the increase in total revenue of DAO Asset Management (Thailand) The company said that the growth direction for 2023 is expected to be net profit of 36 billion baht. This is an 8% increase from the same period last year. While we expect net profit outlook for Q1 to increase both due to low reserves and good NIM, KTB's share price has declined significantly in recent times. From the sell-off, profit after the stock price outperformed over the group. While the share price does not reflect the quarterly profit achieved more than the pre-COVID period, there is still an opportunity for further growth from the most-used digital platform Paotang app in Thailand, around 40 million users. As a result, we expect an upside from the trend of fee income that is likely to increase more than expected.
Thai stocks today, January 23, 2023, ended the afternoon up 6.79 points, the index was at 1,684 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 6.79. The index is at 1,684.04. Turnover 52,483.12 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced the 23rd day of the event. In the afternoon half-day, the index rose 6.79. The index was at 1,684.04. The index peaked at 1,689.52. The index is at a low of 1,677.52. The turnover was 52,483.12 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 3. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
I cried a lot. Oil price hike announced Sohol Group, except diesel, remains the same.|Sohol users should not forget to stop by "PTT Station" and "Bangchak" to announce a 30-baht increase in gasohol prices. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective at 5 a.m. tomorrow, Jan. 23, 2023, reporters reported. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 24 January 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 37.05 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.78 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 35.14 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 35.59 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Jaspal Asean Market Penetration Latest Philippine Flags Supports high growth purchasing power|JASPAL enters ASEAN market Latest Philippine Flags After Vietnam, Cambodia and Malaysia. Supporting the growth in purchasing power on January 23, 2023. Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Jaspal Co., Ltd. said, "We are ready to move towards our goal of becoming a Regional Fashion and Lifestyle Retailer in order to further the company's growth by expanding the stores of various fashion brands to international markets, especially the ASEAN market. Many countries have high business growth potential. Customers have purchasing power and have a lifestyle and a passion for fashion that is similar to Thailand. We have established subsidiaries in countries that invest in business expansion to manage the quality of products, services, and marketing communications effectively. It is able to deliver a good experience and a perfect impression to customers in each country. In 2022, the company has managed fashion stores in 3 countries, namely Cambodia, Vietnam and Malaysia, as well as launching StudioJPS.com websites selling fashion products in the form of multi-brand of the company in Cambodia. In Cambodia, 8.2% However, we are confident that the expansion of the business market to the four ASEAN countries targeted will be a great success, which will further expand the Company's business to become a strong regional fashion and lifestyle retailer for expansion into the ASEAN market in 2023. The company has an approach to adding brands to this segment by focusing on premium brands and sports brands. To expand the customer base to be more comprehensive. At present, the Company is an import and distribution agent for the brand. MANGO, Super Dry, FRED PERRY, Champion, ASICS, DIESEL and NEW ERA to many ASEAN countries- Expanding stores, fashion stores of brands will be located within the leading shopping centers of each country. As well as considering the location of shopping centers with bustling traffic, helping to increase the opportunity to reach customers. To clearly promote the good image of the brand. As well as staff who are well versed in recommending products to customers. The company has expertise covering all 4 platforms, including more than 27 channels in ASEAN. It can meet the different needs comprehensively, including customers' shopping habits and market growth trends in each country.
NT sees big data trend growing high, prepares to spin off business to support competition|National Telecommunications sees big data trend growing high, prepares to spin off business to support competition Set long-term goals to transform the organization into a colonel technology organization. Sapphachai Huvanand, President of National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT), said that NT is currently continuously developing its digital services business with the goal of transitioning from a telecommunications network-focused organization to a tech company. Digital Solution, Internet Data Center (IDC) and cloud services are also distinguished by the growth of big data services exceeding 100%, as well as IT Security growing by 26%. This year, NT is preparing to spin off 1-2 digital services businesses related to cloud and IT security businesses to run more freely and profitable businesses than traditional infrastructure.  NT also focuses on driving digital transformation in the public sector. By supporting a full range of digital services for government agencies including infrastructure, data center, cloud, and digital solution services to drive digital technology to improve the economy and quality of life of people in accordance with the 20-year national strategy, including Thailand 4.0SPONSORED policy, key projects include the Central Public Sector Cloud Structure or GDCC, providing government agencies with data storage and cloud computing to support public services with virtual servers of more than 36,000 VM. To expand government digital services and smart services to reach people such as Smart school, Smart Tourist, Smart Health through NT's basic network that covers colonel country. Sapphachai said NT aims to attract government customers to use NT's basic telecommunications infrastructure and digital technologies, which enhance digital efficiency that meets security standards. While reducing administrative burdens and reducing state budgets, such as the GDCC central cloud, which saves more than 50% of government agencies' digital infrastructure budgets, NT's plans to penetrate the cloud market are also focused on expanding its business base to meet the growing needs of the government every year. It focuses on collaborating with international service partners to expand cloud services. In addition, In terms of data security for customers, NT has partnered with Vendor Security, a group of security service providers to implement security solutions, as well as a Security Operation Center to take care of data security systems for customers, and aims to make Thailand the second digital hub in ASEAN.
Around the market fence : Design Village celebrates Chinese New Year, delivering auspiciousness to customers|Design Village Celebrating Chinese New Year 2023, delivering auspiciousness to customers to receive the Year of the Golden Rabbit on January 22, 2023. Mr. Attapol Rangsiyapornrat Assistant Managing Director of Business Development and Design Village Project celebrated Chinese New Year 2023 by giving auspicious oranges to merchants in all 3 branches, Design Village Kaset-Nawamin Project, Design Village Project. Phutthamonthon and Design Village Ratchaphruek project to deliver auspiciousness Prosperity for DesignVillage is a lifestyle space that elevates the DesignCommunity of Thai people. Celebrating Chinese New Year By giving away free auspicious oranges to customers. When shopping for products within Design Village Kaset-Nawamin project for the first 100 people On 20-22 Jan 23.
Thailand, Italy join forces to drive international trade $5 billion expected|Leading Italian and Thai businessmen participated in trade talks at the 8th Italian-Thai Business Forum, expecting to raise nearly US$5 billion. Co-Chairman of Italian-Thai Business Central Group's Executive Vice President of Corporate Communications said the Italian-Thai Business Forum was held for the 8th consecutive time with the aim of strengthening the relationship between Thailand and Italy in the field of business cooperation and providing a platform for representatives of the private sector and trade associations of both countries. This year's event was attended by H.E. Valentino Valentini. The Deputy Minister of Entrepreneurship and Products made in Italy, in his opening remarks, highlighted the long-standing relationship between Thailand and Italy, which in 2023 marks the 155th anniversary of bilateral relations between the two countries. THE EMBASSY PLANS TO CARRY OUT VARIOUS ACTIVITIES TO STRENGTHEN THE RELATIONSHIP IN ALL ASPECTS. The 8th Forum reflects the commitment of both countries to develop joint business trade in a concrete way. It also demonstrates the strong ties between the two countries, with Italy being Thailand's 24th trading partner. According to data from the Department of International Trade Promotion, between January and November 2022, Thailand and Italy had a total trade value of USD 4,515.44 million, a growth of 13.09%, divided into exports of approximately USD 1,887.55 million and imports of approximately USD 2,627.89 million. This demonstrates the continued growth of Italian and Thai trade, as well as additional opportunities for sustainable growth. Assistant Director of Monetary Policy The Bank of Thailand said last year's expansion of merchandise exports and government stimulus measures were key factors in reviving the country's economic growth while the slowdown in the tourism sector and the impact of geopolitical conflicts remained unchanged. Factors that should be watched in the future include a slowdown in the global economy and tightening monetary policy from large economies like the US. China's reopening, the likelihood of a new covid variant, as well as the possibility of further supply chain disruptions resulting from geopolitical risks and the transmission of rising costs to consumers, said Tanita Sirisap. Director, Foreign Investment Promotion Division The Office of the Board of Investment (BOI) has provided information on the office's role in promoting foreign investment through investment promotion policies and preferential treatments, both tax and non-taxable, such as visa and work permit facilitation. Increase competitiveness and adaptability and be environmentally friendly, contributing to sustainable development and reducing economic inequality. Speaking on the success of APEC, Mersion Partners Co., Ltd., Chief Executive Officer of Mersion Partners Co., Ltd., said that Thailand hosted and welcomed the leaders of the 21 economic zones, as well as special guest leaders of the Thai government. Build confidence among foreign investors in Thailand With the concept of BCG : Bio-Circular-Green Economic Model to enable sustainable growth of the global economy, Mr. Paolo Makri, Executive Vice President, Italian Institute for International Political Studies (ISPI), said that geopolitical factors include the European hot war between Ukraine and Russia. Carlo Altomonte, Associate Dean and Director of PNRR Lab, Bocconi University, discussed the EU's response to the COVID-19 pandemic through a financial assistance program provided to member states under the EU Recovery Fund, which is allocated to member states on the basis of GDP figures and the severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Italy is one of the countries that has been allocated a large amount of such a budget and is committed to using the budget to create sustainable economic growth for the benefit of the next generation of people. Through digital transformation goals and innovation, green evolution and ecological transformation Infrastructure for sustainable mobility and travel Education & Research Building a society for all and unity, as well as strengthening health for Italian-Thai Business Conferences. Forum this time The participating Italian committees were: Italmobiliare- CIS Sicily & Unicitrus- Cavagna Group Asia- CNH- Danieli- Ducati- Ferrero)- Intesa Sanpaolo- Pirelli - SAIPEM- Italian Institute of Trade and Export Credit Insurance (SACE)-Vittoria SPONSORED. - Central Group- Bangkok Bank- Global Power Synergy- Enowe Rubber- Mersion Partners- Singha Corporation- Thai Summit- Betagro- PTT- SCG Logistics Management- Thai Airways International- Allied Metals- Graeen Creations
Bonchon Fried Chicken adjusts strategy to deliver XS size menu starting at 129 baht, attracting a new generation of diners|Minor Food revealed that over the past 4 years, sales of BonChon fried chicken restaurant have been growing despite COVID and adjusted its strategy to deliver XS size menus starting at 129 baht. Became the first brand ambassador, Mr. Thanyachet Ekvejvit Chief Operating Officer of The Minor Food Group Public Company Limited (MINT) said that after Minor Food invested in BonChon's business in 2019, the company has been able to invest in BonChon. Bonchon's performance has been one of Minor's most successful restaurant brands. Food, especially in terms of sales through delivery channels, has shown outstanding growth despite covid. Over the years, the fried chicken market in Thailand has attracted attention and has a market value of more than 20 billion baht. This is evidenced by the business expanding throughout the country and the trend continues to increase. THIS IS PARTLY DUE TO KOREA'S CULTURAL INFLUENCES, COUPLED WITH CONSUMER LIFESTYLES AND BEHAVIORS THAT SUPPORT BONCHON'S GROWTH. Under Minor Food's management for 4 years, it has helped to strengthen Minor Food's overall portfolio, especially in the delivery partner where Minor Food is considered to be the market leader in the restaurant sector. In 2023, Minor Food will focus on developing delivery systems and providing services through the delivery platform to be more efficient. It covers both convenience and speed. Maintaining the quality of food during delivery, while also focusing on creating an impressive dining experience at the restaurant. Whether it's a restaurant-specific menu. Renovating the restaurant into a Korean street food style to meet current and future consumer behavior. In order to increase sales, Bonchon can continue to grow in such markets even more. Kittipanachonm, General Manager, Spunful (Thailand) Co., Ltd. or Bonchon Minor Food said that in the past 65 years, Bonchon's business has grown in line with its targets, with growth being a double milestone. Especially the secret recipes of Kalic sauce and Korean-style hot sauce, as well as chicken frying tips. For 2023, Bonchon has laid out 5 key strategies to strengthen and empower the brand in the future, including: 1. Maintaining the uniqueness and standard of authentic Korean deliciousness in every menu with meticulous cooking procedures2. Creating new menu differences and launching new sizes, size XS starts at only 129 baht to reach more customers and communicate promotions to attract consumers to Boncheon throughout the year.3. Increase the number of comprehensive service channels, both in the form of dine-in. And most importantly, ordering food quickly and conveniently through the delivery platform. SPONSORED4. Launched the brand's brand ambassador for the first time. Thailand's most talented actors and singers To help build closeness and expand the consumer base, especially young people and the new generation who are Gen Z, both Thai and foreign, causing discussion and creating brand awareness at large.5. Expand Bonchon branches nationwide By 2023, we aim to expand 10 more branches, which were originally popular with many consumers. 
Transfer of power to the PTT-Bangkok to supervise the factory and receive notification of the operation of the factory.|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry It was revealed that the Department of Industrial Works (DOE) has transferred the task of supervising the 1st class of factories (factories where entrepreneurs do not need to apply for a business license can open their business immediately. However, they must comply with the criteria stipulated in the Ministry of Industry Regulations) and Category 2 (factories must notify the authorities before conducting business) to local administrative organizations (OTS), including Bangkok (Bangkok). In accordance with the Factories Act B.E. 2535, in order for the PTT and Bangkok to supervise the factory and receive notification of the factory operation and investigate the factory in case of trouble. In order to reduce conflicts, the company has appointed officials to act as officials in accordance with the law on factories. Create safety for the people towards the transition to the new normal industry.
Petrol price today 23 Jan 2023 Updated from 4 pumps Latest price of how many baht per liter|"Oil Prices Today" 23 Jan 23 Updated prices for all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared to the last 4 pumps, the price of each liter on the 23rd. January 2023 Reporter reports oil price update Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited website, PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited website, The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.00 Baht/liter. 84 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 35.29 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 43.34 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 42.24 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasoline E20 at 34.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 36.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 36.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 36.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 at 36.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.48 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.75 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 AT 36.48 BAHT/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 34.48 BAHT/litre GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.75 BAHT/LITRE SPONSORED GASOHOL 91 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 36.48 BAHT/LITRE84 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 35.29 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 35.34 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.98 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 37.25 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 43.34 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.54 baht/liter Shell Fusev Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.54 Baht/liter 5.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 44.26 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 35.24 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 36.88 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 37.15 baht/liter Diesel B7 is 35.44 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 43.34 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is 44.26 baht/liter.
"EEC water pipe" is no problem. The Dokkrai Eastwater pipeline project is still in operation.|Finance Minister Santi Phrompat said he had visited Rayong and Chonburi provinces to inspect the operation of the main pipeline system in the eastern region. of the Treasury Department. Nong Pla Lai-Nong Kho Pipeline Project and Nong Kho-Laem Chabang Water Pipeline Project (Phase 2) or EEC Water Pipeline formerly Eastern Water Resources Management and Development Public Company Limited or East Water was the project manager and later the company. Wong Siam Construction Co., Ltd. has contracted to manage the main water pipeline system in the Eastern Region. Therefore, the treasury department's assets must be handed over. As a state contracting party, in order for Wong Siam to build to carry out the management contract, all procedures are in order. Part of the Dok Krai Water Pipeline Project Eastwater continues to operate until Dec. 31. THE DIRECTOR-GENERAL OF THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT SAID THAT HE HAD ALREADY HELD A MEETING WITH THE IRRIGATION DEPARTMENT IN THE CASE OF REQUESTING SUPPORT FOR THE USE OF WATER FROM THE WATER RESOURCES OF THE IRRIGATION DEPARTMENT IN THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE WATER PIPELINE MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION PROJECT.
"CEA" invites to visit 9 districts to stimulate the creative economy in Bangkok area|Mr. Chakrit Pichayangkur The Director of the Creative Economy Promotion Agency (CEA) revealed that he had worked with Mr. Sanon Wangsongboon. The Deputy Governor of Bangkok to organize the Bangkok Design Festival 2023 on February 4-12 to stimulate the creative economy in the Bangkok area in the theme of Muang-Mitr-Dee, whose design principles can enhance people's quality of life. The festival area will be located in 9 main districts, namely 1. Charoen Krung - Talad Noi. 2. Chinatown 3.Samyan-Siam 4.Ari-Pradipat 5.Phra Nakhon/ Pak Khlong Talat/Nang Loeng 6.Wongwian Yai-Talat Phlu/Khlong San 7. Bangpo 8. 9. Kaset through more than 530 activities such as musical performances, film screenings, etc. Performing arts, architectural lighting techniques, and open houses to help evoke a creative atmosphere. Inspire, stimulate urban thinking, develop Bangkok as a better city for everyone"Development of creative economic districts. There are businesses happening all the time, such as the Charoenkrung-Talad Noi area, where festivals have been held for the past 5 years. 1.75 million visitors Sponsored Mr. Sanon Wangsongboon, Deputy Governor of Bangkok, said that the event will be a tool for the development of modern cities that are used to solve various problems that range from education, prototype development, testing, getting people involved to improve and Bangkok is a city full of designers, having been selected as the UNESCO Creative City Network for Design in 2019.
Create a handicap over competitors "Jurin" dreaming of moving forward "Thai-EU FTA"|Jurin is preparing to negotiate a Thai-EU FTA in Belgium this week. There is a chance that each country will go through the procedures of each country. In order to start counting one to increase Thailand's exports to the EU, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The Commerce Minister said that on January 25-26, he will travel to Brussels, Belgium. European Union (EU) capital to meet Valdis Dombrowskis The Vice Chairman of the EU Trade Commission, which is equivalent to the Deputy Prime Minister and the EU Trade Minister, will meet together and express their political intentions on both sides. It will inform that Thailand, including the Ministry of Commerce, is ready to negotiate a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) between Thailand and the EU. If the EU agrees. Each country will continue to follow its own process steps. The Thai-EU FTA negotiations have long been expected by both sides but have not yet come to fruition because they have been stuck in negotiations since 2014. Is there a chance that it is possible to start formal negotiations"Will the travel result be successful? Depending on the meetings and negotiations that I hope will achieve, the Thai-EU FTA will be started, which is an FTA that the private sector has long wanted but has not yet achieved. If successful, it will increase the value of trade between Thailand and the EU. In particular, there are trade opportunities for Thailand to export more products to EU members. BECAUSE THE GOAL IS TO REDUCE TARIFFS BETWEEN THEM TO 0%, THEY WILL BE HANDICAP TO 27 COMPETITORS WHO DO NOT HAVE AN FTA WITH THE EU. Last year, the EU was Thailand's fifth major trading partner after ASEAN, China, the U.S. and Japan, with a trade value of U.S. $41,038 million (1.46 trillion baht), accounting for 6.95% of Thailand's trade with the world. Thailand exported U.S. $22,794 million (810 billion baht) to the EU. Equipment and components, gems and jewelry, air conditioners and components, rubber products and circuit boards, and imported from the EU $ 18,243 million (THB 648,000). The main imports are machinery and components, medical and pharmaceutical products, chemicals. Electrical machinery and components Ms. Busaba Jirathivat Co-Chairman of Italian-Thai Business Forum said top businessmen in Italy and Thailand participated in trade talks at the Italian-Thai Business Conference. 8th Forum Recently This year, a total of 25 leading businessmen from Italy and Thailand participated, including 12 Italian and 13 Thai companies such as energy, industrial machinery, aviation, finance and insurance, to provide information on the promotion of trade and investment cooperation between Italian and Thai member companies, which totaled more than USD 5 billion.
Use your history of electricity bills to consider lending.|Mr. Love Kongudom Assistant Minister to the Prime Minister Perform duties at the Ministry of Finance. He revealed that from the past 4 meetings of "Debt Resolution Must Be Solved, Sustainable Restart" showed that the majority of the public and small SMEs Inability to access state-owned financial institutions Some people have been addicted to credit bureaus, some have no credit information because they have always had to take out loans outside the system. The Ministry of Finance held discussions with the Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA), Krungthai Bank and the Company. National Credit Information Limited or Credit Bureau Prepare to consider using electricity usage and electricity payment data for credit consideration in order to increase opportunities for people and small SMEs in upcountry provinces to access capital and liquidity in the system and alleviate inequalities in access to credit in financial institutions in the future. It is expected to be implemented within a month. April 23, 2023 "Nowadays, applying for a loan requires information from credit bureaus to check, which will be in the system for 3 years, if people used to have bad debts but paid, but the information has not been removed from the system, they cannot apply for a loan because financial institutions are not confident that they will have income to pay off debts. For reasons that use PEA's electricity payment data to consider loans, it is an alternative information that is accepted abroad as useful information to assess the ability and willingness to repay debt. WHEN THE INFORMATION IS USEFUL TO THE PUBLIC, IT SHOULD BE USED AS A SPONSORED SECTION ON HOW TO USE IT. People who want to apply for a loan You must first consent to the use of the data in the Pao Tang application. After that, the data will connect to PEA and credit bureau link Once the loan is submitted, the financial institution can check the borrower's personal information. However, if you do not consent to access the data through the Pao Tang app, you cannot do so. Because it is against the privacy law, the borrower must consent to the use of personal data before it can be processed.
Reduce palm oil export conditions 2.5 lakh tonnes of stock exported|Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, revealed that the Subcommittee on Palm Oil Balance Management It is chaired by the Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade. The company has considered supporting crude palm oil exports by adjusting the export conditions to a stock of crude palm oil (CPO) in the country with a volume of 250,000-300,000 tons to be exported and will be subsidized kilograms (kg). 2 baht per share from the original stock of 300,000 tons or more. Foreign palm oil price conditions It must be cheaper in the country to be able to export in order to accelerate exports and raise prices. We are pushing for the Sustainable Palm Act, with the main theme being 1.Establishing a palm plantation relief fund, similar to the Rubber Plantation Relief Fund. 2. Establish a price regulation structure that is fair to all parties from upstream, midstream and downstream. 3. There are comprehensive rules governing palm oil. Be fair to all parties. "The legislation has now been introduced into the House, but we have to wait for the President to certify it before it can go to the House for consideration."
We travel together in Phase 5 to win a trip to China, pushing 30 million foreigners to Thailand.|Green Light Minister Chong "We Travel Together Phase 5" The government supports 40% of room expenses, totaling 5.6 lakh rights, up to 3 thousand baht. No airfare from 14 Feb to May 23 while TAT wins over 30 million foreign tourists to Thailand this year After the Chinese flocked to Thailand through all channels. Caravan of Cars–Big Bikes Mr. Chalermpol Phen Formula Director of the Budget Office He said that at the Cabinet meeting on January 24, the Ministry of Tourism and Sports will consider the budget request of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports with a limit of 4,000 million baht. To implement the We Travel Together Phase 5 project and the plan to stimulate tourism in both domestic and international markets. "The budget requested by the Ministry of Tourism will definitely be considered because last week it was already waiting for the proposal, but the documents are not yet completed, so the matter will be removed first. Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), said that the TAT has proposed a plan for the project, which includes: We Travel Together Phase 5 project amounting to 2,016 million baht The tourism stimulus plan has been reduced by approximately 50 million baht from 1,984 million baht. For us traveling together phase 5, the government supports 40% of the room cost of 560,000 privileges (room per night) up to 3,000 baht, limited to 5 privileges per person (room per night), e-voucher expenses of 600 baht, without supporting airfare, as in phases 1-4, starting from February 14, 2023 to May 23, but have to wait. THE MINISTER RECONSIDERED, SPONSORED, AND THE MINISTRY OF TOURISM AND SPORTS PREPARED A PROPOSAL. The Cabinet considered extending the stay of foreigners until the end of 2023 from 31 March 2023. Under this measure, foreigners who apply for a visa on arrival from 15 days to 30 days are allowed to stay from countries that are exempt from visas. Mr Yuthasak told the Chinese tour group that the first flight will fly into Thailand on February 6, 2023 at 08.00 a.m. with a full flight of Spring Air. And fly down at Don Mueang Airport, and in the 3rd week of February, Mr. Pipat will lead TAT and private sector travel to roadshows in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Chengdu. The TAT's Deputy Governor for Asia and The South Pacific said he is confident that in the first quarter (Jan-Mar) this year, there will be more than 300,000 Chinese tourists entering Thailand than previously estimated. But it may be too early to say that in 2020, foreign tourists from China will support more than 25 million and 30 million foreign tourists to enter Thailand. Let's go through the first quarter and set a goal that in 2020, Thai tourism will return to normal like in 2019." Regional Director, East Asia The TAT said a large number of flights from Shanghai and Guangzhou have now resumed. In February, Spring Air will start 7 flights a day, 5 flights to Bangkok, 2 flights to Chiang Mai and Phuket, and several airlines requesting slots (schedule) flights. Excess from a normal airline will be acceptable. Charter flights from Beijing and Chengdu to Thailand are already being arranged. The first group of 7-8 car caravans, running from Kunming, through Mohan, Laos' BoTen and Chiang Khong, will arrive on Jan. 24 at 2 p.m. TAT Kunming Office Plan to promote the promotion of land caravans including 150-200 cars and motorcycles.
Banyong pointed out that the Thai state structure is trapped, there is corruption, there is lack of competition.|Banyong pointed out that the structure of the Thai state has made the economy trapped for decades. Look at the Thai state too big. Lack of competition Unbreakable reform is the answer to Mr. Banyong Pongpanich. Chairman of the Executive Committee, Kiatnakin Phatra Financial Business Group and alumni Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University, said via Econ Connect program by alumni association. Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University: The reason for Thailand's slow development It is not caused by any one industry, but has been rooted in problems at the state structure since before the 1960 crisis, when the World Bank began to measure the average per capita income of countries around the world. Thailand used to be one of the poorest countries among developing countries. Ever since. Between 1957 and 2012, Thailand continued to develop to become the third wealthiest country in ASEAN, however, 10 years later, Thailand grew slowly, with an average growth rate of only 3% per year. While other countries are expanding by 6-10% per year, there has been a lot of research, including from TDRI, that the size of the Thai state is too large. IT REPRESENTS THE ROLE OF THE STATE AND STATE POWER IS TOO MUCH SPONSORED, WHILE DEVELOPED COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD HAVE PROVED THAT EXCESSIVE STATE POWER IS NOT GOOD. States must be limited in size and do only what should be done. Japan has a population of 130 million. There are only 500,000 civil servants. Thailand has 2.2 million civil servants and the highest public administration budget in Asia, or 8% of GDP. When the public sector is responsible for most of the work in a monopolistic country, the efficiency and effectiveness of the work is often lower than that of the private sector because of the lack of competition. What follows is corruption, because corruption is the sale of state power. A bad structure makes bad people want to use state power. If the state is smaller, corruption is not. Mr. Banyong suggested that the solution to the country's structure is to reduce the size, role and power of the state, especially the reform of state-owned enterprises into private enterprises. At present, the country's basic services are made by state-owned enterprises with an annual state enterprise budget of 5-6 trillion baht. For state-owned enterprises with monopoly powers, it can still conduct business. But state-owned enterprises that compete with the private sector are losing a fortune, almost all of them currently have five key indices that measure prosperity at the national level: 1. GDP per capita2. Gini Coefficient3. Democracy Matrix4. Index of Economic Freedom5. Corruption Perceptions Index shows that the top countries in the world, such as scandinavians, have a high score on all 5 indian indexes, reflecting three key conditions of prosperity: democracy; It uses fully competitive capitalism and a monitoring system that does not allow cheating to eat. If achieved, it will lead to prosperity and inclusiveness throughout the country, creating incentives along with pressure in Thai society, perhaps not liking the term capitalism, but actually good capitalism has always created the world. In the world of competition, there must be two forces: motivation and pressure. If there is no pressure, it will be a communist system. Even with good intentions from the equitable allocation of everyone to everyone. But there are more people waiting to receive their share than to get up and do it themselves. Unlike capitalism, which focuses on maximizing efficiency. Until the communist system became unusable and abolished by the whole world, SPONSORED for pressure had to come from the people. The government must start by accepting the problem honestly, as well as having the public know and understand the problem, such as corruption. Therefore, they rose up to fight for change, with reforms being more useful than revolutionary. Because revolutions have always had high costs, for example, Russia or the Arab Spring that used to have revolutions. It hasn't been revived to this day. In 2023, with the upcoming elections, the expectation is to have a government that recognizes the problem and begins to take action to solve the structural problems. As evidenced by the lessons of the rice pledge project, the Thai rice industry has been in recession. State resources are spent enormously and are indebted".
 2 Flying Turtle Stocks FORTH - FSMART Plus Nearly 10% Get Brand Breaking News E.V. lizards invade electric vehicle charging station |The share price movement of FORTH Corporation Public Company Limited (FORTH) and Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited (FSMART) rose sharply, with the latest FORTH share price at 38.00 baht, up 9.35%, while FSMART's share price was 15.50 baht, up 9.15%. Chameleon EV is expected to commence operations in the second quarter of this year. Mr. Narongsak Lertsubtawee The Managing Director of Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited (FSMART) revealed to THAIRATHMoney that the company is preparing to move forward with the electric vehicle charging station business under the brand "FSMART". It is an extension of the beverage vending machine. Flying turtles that have been successful nowadays. It is expected that EV lizards will start marketing in the second quarter of this year. It will use the brand Lizard EV, which will build on the success of the successful Flying Turtle Vending Machine. The EV lizard charging station will be operated directly from FSMART, which will use innovations developed from Boon Top-up kiosks and Tao Bin automatic beverage sales to help solve the problem of electric vehicle charging stations that currently require users to load the application of each camp to use the service and pay for electricity refills. Therefore, it may not be worth it in the short term. The company will focus on setting up charging stations in buildings, condominiums, offices, shopping malls with a large number of users and a longer charging time. As for the future of the electric vehicle charging business, how much will it grow in the future? Personally, I think it depends on the feedback from consumers who will have confidence in the use of electric vehicles. Despite the current awakening of electric vehicles, the volume compared to the entire system is still small. AS A RESULT, IT CAN TAKE UP TO 3 YEARS TO SUCCEED.
Thai stocks today, January 24, 2023, ended the morning up 4.67 points, the index was at 1,688 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 4.67. The index is at 1,688.71. Turnover 31,742.59 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced the 24th day of the event. In the morning, the index rose 4.67. The index was at 1,688.71. The turnover was 31,742.59 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Hana Company MicroElectronics Public Company Limited 4. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
BLAND launches Lenot Culinary School Thailand Supports Food Tourism|Bangkok Land launches "Lenot" cooking school Thailand, the first in Southeast Asia, supports food tourism and food enthusiasts around the world on Jan. 24, 2023. The Chief Executive Officer of Bangkok Land Public Company Limited (BLAND) said that every year, the Company invests at least 2,000 million baht in the food business of its subsidiaries in all areas, including branch expansion, research, and development of new food menus, as well as personnel development to strengthen all dimensions of Bangkokland's business. We believe that the food business will be a good growth business in the future. Thailand has a small number of culinary schools, so we saw growth opportunities in this part and entered into a contract with Lenot. Paris, France to open Le Not Culinary School Lenôtre Culinary Arts School Thailand is Lenot's first and only facility in Southeast Asia. The company started construction of Lenot Knott Cooking School. With an investment budget of 800-1,000 million baht, covering the construction of the school building and laying out the entire operating system for Lenot Culinary School. Thailand We are committed to transferring culinary skills from a team of professional chefs who focus on the value of excellence in cooking to meet the needs of learners from all sectors. "We have been in the restaurant business for 15 years. This investment is expected to payback within 8-10 years, and in the future around Lenot, additional properties such as serviced apartments will be developed to accommodate students arriving from abroad."
Thai stocks today, January 24, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 1.10 points, the index was at 1,682 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was down 1.10 at 1,682.94. Turnover 56,581.00 On January 24, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index fell 1.10, or -0.07%, to 1,682.94. The index peaked at 1,693.97. The index is at a low of 1,682.58. The turnover was 56,581.00 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. SCG Company Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 5. Hana Company MicroElectronics Public Company Limited.
Stable, good reason. There are standards, attacks, reveals that partners made mistakes, sending money slowly 80 times.|Mr. Satien explained the reason after being attacked by social media for "cheap, good, standard", revealing that the partner breached the contract to send money late 80 times out of 130 times, setting up a Facebook avatar to discredit the company on January 24, 2023. Chairman of the Board TD Company Tawan Daeng He said after being attacked by social media for managing the restaurant properly. There are more than 5,000 stores in total, with the business model between the Company and the store operator. refrigerator Automatic cash register or POS, product tag, CCTV The system used to operate the store, which totals almost 1 million baht per store, while the operator has to invest in the improvement of the store to meet the standards and the contract guarantee of 200,000 baht. This business model was born out of the company's desire to solve the problems of most choui stores in countries with limited purchase capital. THEREFORE, IT IS THE ISSUER OF THE GRANT IN THIS RESPECT. The shop operator was good. More than 5,000 customers know that products and equipment in stores are owned by the company when they sell their products. The operator is obliged to remit the proceeds from the sale of goods to the Company on the next bank business day while operating the joint store. The operator consents to the company sending officers to count the stock. If there is a lost product The operator shall be responsible, which all operators understand and practice normally in case the operator does not remit the revenue. If more than 4 days, the company will send a notification letter to pay within 3 working days, and if no payment is made, the company will immediately cancel the contract, including an appointment to move all the company's equipment and products out of the store in case of dissemination of information via social media about the correct management of the store. There is a standard, for example, in the case of a store in Chiang Rai, the operator has opened a shop with cheap dee. On 14 Aug 2022, after opening The store has consistently delayed more than 80 transfers from 130 in November. The company's stock counting team inspected the stock and found that the amount of lost goods was higher than the revenue share. Therefore, the company uses the store's revenue to deduct the payment for the lost goods first. Which is not enough to pay. As a result, there is no money left to transfer the store's income as scheduled. Therefore, the company took steps and terminated the contract and removed the equipment belonging to the company from the partner's shop, but was unable to unload the company's products and assets. Therefore, the Company is required to report the executor of the embezzlement charge, which requires sufficient evidence. The police have now issued a summons to the operator in the case of a Facebook user who has been posting defamatory messages attacking the company since November 2016. On August 2022, the Company would like to inform you that this person It has no affiliation with the company, has never been a good partner, and the message appears on Facebook. The company has filed defamation charges and imported false information into the computer system twice as a result of the initial investigation by the police. The information was found in accordance with the company's investigation that this Facebook user does not exist. Using other people's photos as their own profile pictures and spreading false news to defame others, we urge you not to be fooled by this Facebook user's false statements.
SCGP hopes China opens up bright packaging with 5 strategies to push revenue past 160 billion baht|Mr. Vichaya Chitpakdee Chief Executive Officer SCG Company Packaging Public Company Limited (SCGP) disclosed its 2022 operating results with sales revenue of Baht 146,068 million. The increase of 18% year-on-year was due to capacity expansion strategies and M&A and higher cost-based product adjustments. Although the company focused on maintaining its net profit margin, it made a profit of only 5,801 million baht. Down 30% year-on-year Key impacts of higher energy costs The decline in global sales volume and demand for packaging paper due to economic conditions, as well as the closure of China, affected supply chains in the ASEAN region, while in the fourth quarter of 2022, the company was affected by lower demand and selling prices of packaging in the region. In particular, the selling price of Indonesian and Vietnamese packaging paper was affected by lower demand for orders in China. As a result, the company had sales revenue of 33,509 million baht. Decreased by 5% and profit for the period of 450 million baht 79% decrease due to large inventory reserves For the overall packaging industry in 2023, Mr. Chan predicts that the overall picture of the industry will improve as China begins to open up, which will improve the economic outlook, especially in the ASEAN region, because of the spending pressure. From the recovery of the tourism sector Imports and exports, as well as production chains in various industries, have returned to normal. These factors will help increase the demand for packaging. Under the volatility of the global economy due to high inflation, SCGP has set a revenue target of 160 billion baht this year in 2023. DRIVEN BY 5 STRATEGIESSPONSORED1. M&P growth and packaging business expansion through synergy in knowledge and resource exchange Expand to other businesses with high potential, such as consumer goods. Health Products 2. Continuous development of innovation and packaging solutions, investing 800 million baht in research and development to meet consumer needs3. Enhancing the operational efficiency of the entire supply chain by implementing automation to increase the efficiency of production and productivity, and using data analytics to strengthen end-to-end data4. Aim for a cash cycle of less than 75 days, reducing volatility through the issuance of new bonds5. Drive business with ESG 4 Plus concept, increasing the proportion of eco-friendly packaging. Aiming for 2025, it will be able to have recyclable and biodegradable packaging. 100%
360 billion in debt obligations over the year The Office of the Prime Minister purchased a plane to transport dignitaries.|The Cabinet approved a debt bond of 360,000 million baht for large projects with a limit exceeding 1,000 million baht for 14 ministries and 25 budget receiving units, such as the Office of the Prime Minister, who proposed to request 8,784 million baht for aircraft to be replaced, interior minister Chong requested 7 projects of 15,486 million baht. Director of the Budget Office Revealed that the meeting The Cabinet has approved the formation of debt obligations for large-scale projects with a limit exceeding 1,000 million baht in fiscal year 2024, a total of 14 ministries and 25 agencies receiving budgets with a total limit of 360 billion baht. Agencies that want to incur debt obligations over the fiscal year with a limit of 1,000 million baht or more must propose The Cabinet approved before submitting the budget application to the Director of the Budget Office, and since this week is the last week for agencies to propose setting limits, the reporter further reported that 14 ministries, 25 agencies receive the budget. The Minister proposed to approve the budget for the fiscal year 2024 for debt bonding transactions over the fiscal year with a limit of 1,000 million baht or more. Procurement of aircraft, transportation and delivery of important persons to replace 1 type 19 transport aircraft with equipment, spare parts, training and other necessary equipment 8,784 million baht In 2024, the credit limit is 1,753 million baht. In 2025, the credit limit was 2,191 million baht. IN 2026, THE AMOUNT IS 2,201 MILLION BAHT AND IN 2027, THE AMOUNT IS 2,637 MILLION BAHT, WHILE THE MINISTRY OF INTERIOR PROPOSES 7 PROJECTS WITH A TOTAL AMOUNT OF 15,486 MILLION BAHT. It consists of the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior for the construction of government centers of the Ministry Phase 2: 3,344 million baht Provincial WaterWorks Authority (PEA) Construction project, renovation, expansion of water supply section Region 4 Projects 7,587 Million Baht Bangkok proposes 2 projects with a limit of 4,555 million baht Bang Khun Thian Coastal Erosion Prevention and Mitigation Project, Bangkok and Coastal Survey and Surveillance Center (Bang Khun Thian Coastal Erosion Prevention Project) 1,723 Million Baht and construction of wastewater collection and wastewater treatment system Minburi. Phase 2: 2,832 million baht: The Ministry of Finance requested the Treasury Department to incur debt obligations over the fiscal year for the Government Center Extension Development Project. Zone C area to rent the building to Treasury Asset Development Co., Ltd. The total area is 510,000 square meters for 30 years at a rental rate of 390 baht/square meter/month or 2,386 million baht per year, and the rental rate has been increased by 7% per annum of the original rent every 3 years for a total of 30 years, totaling 98,931 million baht. Thailand's 1,514 million baht central public health cloud development project By requesting debt bonding for 3 years (2023-2025), the Ministry of Higher Education proposes to approve the budget for songklanagarind hospital project. In fiscal year 2024, the Royal Thai Institute of Health, the Senate Secretariat, the Administrative Court Office, the Office of the Court of Justice, the Office of the Constitutional Court, the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand, and the Office of the Attorney General, totaled 66,692.55 million baht. Center for The Preservation of National Maritime Interests Proposed helicopter transport project to help victims 3 vessels with a period of 5 years (2024-2028) with a credit limit of 4,500 million baht. The Ministry of Public Health proposes to commit the budget for the National Emerging Disease Response Medical Center (NCEID Project) of 2,229 million baht, the Ministry of Agriculture proposes to approve 5 irrigation projects with a budget of 2,766 million baht, namely, phajuk dam in Uttaradit province, Nam Ki reservoir in Nan province. Improvement of Bang Khanak Canal in Chachoengsao Province, improvement of Rapeepat Canal in South Pathum Thani Province, and increase drainage efficiency of Rapeepat Canal in Saraburi Province. The Ministry of Justice proposed to approve the construction of 3 prison projects in Uttaradit, Chainat, Yasothon, totaling 5,004 million baht. It is bound to cross-year from 2024-2026.
Low 300 units also help per 4 months, canceling the carrying of power users exceeding 300-500 units per month.|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The cabinet meeting was held on 10 February 2019. Approved measures to help with electricity bills to mitigate the impact on people affected by the high energy price situation. 7,500 million baht limit For residential houses that use electricity not exceeding 300 units/month by providing discounts on electricity bills to residential electricity users in the area of MEA and PEA, residential electricity users who are retail electricity users of EGAT and electricity users in the service area of the Royal Thai Navy Concession Welfare Electricity Business for 4 months from the monthly electricity bill. Jan-Apr 2023, which is defined as a discount on electricity bills before VAT calculation. Electricity users between 1-150 units per month will receive a discount of 92.04 satang per unit with variable electricity bill (FT) variance. Electricity users between 151-300 units per month will receive a discount of 67.04 satang per unit with a difference in the FT charge and a discount of 26.39 satang/unit. A total of 19.66 million people are expected to be rescued. The budget of 1,868.06 million baht per month for 4 months, of which 3,200 million baht will be taken from the central budget for emergency or necessary expenses and 4,300 million baht from the support of PTT Public Company Limited. The Council of Ministers adopted the resolutions on March 19, 2022 and April 19, 2022. Approved measures on electricity prices by providing discounts on FT rates to electricity users not exceeding 300 units per month for a period of 4 months from May-August 2022 with a credit limit of 1,724.90 million baht and resolutions The Cabinet on 13 September 2022 agreed to provide FT assistance to electricity users not exceeding 500 units per month for 4 months (September-December 2022, with a credit limit of 9,128.41 million baht). As a result, the government has helped pay electricity bills to vulnerable populations totaling 18,353. However, the last resolution of the Council of Ministers No more assistance to electricians exceeding 300 units but no more than 500 units per month.sponsored
The law against horse account thieves gives banks the power to cut off money routes immediately.|meeting Cabinet Approved The Expedited Act will come into effect soon. In order to subdue the horse account, the bank can immediately suspend financial transactions. In case of finding reasonable suspicion or being informed of the incident and having doubts. A person who opens a horse account is jailed for 3 years, fined 300,000 baht or both, and provided with a horse account from 2-5 years and a fine of 200,000-500,000 baht or both. Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that on January 24, 2023, the Cabinet meeting (Cabinet) Approved the draft Decree (Act) on Prevention and Suppression of Technological Crimes B.E. ... as proposed by the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES) to urgently protect honest citizens, with the essence of establishing measures to prevent and suppress technological crimes that deceive people to transfer money via telephone calls or electronic means, and punish those who open e-card accounts or electronic wallets to use money or property for criminal purposes, also known as horse accounts. The Act shall be reviewed by the Office of the Royal Commission before being published in the Official Gazette as soon as possible. Nowadays, fraudsters are scamming people to transfer money via telephone or electronic means. From March 1 to October 31, 2022, there were more than 114,000 online cases, worth more than 22,000 million baht. There is also no specific law that empowers financial institutions or business operators to suspend suspected criminal transactions, especially by deceiving people into transferring money to other people's accounts in the process, also known as "horse accounts". A LOT OF DAMAGE SPONSORED FOR THE ESSENCE OF THE DRAFT. This Act establishes a Committee to Prevent and Combat Technological Crimes. The DES minister presided. The procedure for suspending the transaction consists of the case that the financial institution or the business operator finds reasonable suspicion or is notified by the officials to the financial institution or business operator to suspend the transaction and notify the financial institution or business operator that accepts the transfer. Temporarily suspend further transactions. If there is no reason to suspect the transaction, the transaction can proceed. In case of notification from the victim, the financial institution or business operator shall suspend the transaction and notify the financial institution or business operator who accepts the transfer. Immediately suspend the transaction so that the victim can file a grievance with the investigating officer within 48 hours, and the investigating officer shall process the account and e-wallet within 7 days from the date of receipt of the notification for information or evidence. In case of notification by telephone, the person who suspended the transaction must record it in writing and send it to the other party for evidence. It's not. The penalties are divided into 2 cases: 1. No person shall open an account, electronic card or e-wallet without the intention of using it for himself, and no person shall allow another person to use or borrow his or her sim card in spite of knowing or should know, which may be used for fraud or illegal activity. 2. No one is prohibited from providing advertisements for the purchase or sale of electronic card accounts. Anyone who violates it shall be punished with imprisonment of 2-5 years and a fine of 200,000-500,000 baht or both.
Electric cars sell juicy for the month. Last December, it grew by 820%.|Mr. Surapong Paisitpattanapong, spokesperson for the Automotive Industry Group, Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The automotive group has estimated 2023 vehicle production at 1,950,000 units, up from 1,883,515 units in 2022, or 3.53%, with export production of 1,050,000 units, up from 1,037,317 units or 1.22%, to 900,000 units for domestic sales, up from 846,198 units last year, or 6.36%. As a result, trade and tourism around the world, including Thailand, have recovered. In 2022, Thailand exported 1,000,256 finished cars, an increase of 4.28% from 2021, with Thailand exporting more than 1 million units again, while domestic sales amounted to 849,388 units, an average increase of 11.89% from 2021.
MBK restructures to holding company, completes Q3 2019|Mr. Wijak Praditwanich Chief Executive Officer and President MBK Public Company Limited MBK will invest approximately 2,000 million baht this year. It is the main investment for the renovation of Paradise Park shopping center of over 1,000 million baht. With the purchase of approximately 500 million baht of real estate investment land and the renovation of Pathumwan Princess Hotel, mbk has restructured its business with 8 businesses by establishing a subsidiary company under the business group and allowing MBK to be a holding company to streamline its business expansion. Add to the restaurant section, such as Suki Tee Noi, Donki Restaurant. Open 24 hours and night life zone makes it lively. When the country opened, tourists returned. As a result, at the end of the year, the number of customers returned to pre-pandemic levels of 80,000 people/day, as well as the hotel business, with occupancy rates exceeding 90% in Pathumwan Princess hotels and hotels in Phuket."
Gold price today, 25 Jan 23, opened the morning market "Gold Jewelry" selling 30,550 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Wednesday morning, January 25, 2023, the price is fixed for "gold bullion" selling out baht 30,050 baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sells out baht 30,550 baht on January 25, 2023. Baht 30,050 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,410.40 baht per baht. Baht 30,550 per baht Gold Price Today 2 Shillings 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 14,975 Baht Sell Out 15,025 Baht Gold 2 Shillings Buy 14,705.2 Baht Sell Out 15,275 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion 1 Shilling Buy 7,487.5 Baht Sell Out 7,512.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,352.6 Baht Sell Out 7,637.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,743.75 Baht Sell Out 3,756.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,676.3 Baht Sell Out 3,818.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
MASTER opened its first trading day with a 35% jump, suggesting that the high-growth beauty business may acquire more shares.|MASTER entered the first trading day by 62.25 baht, indicating that investors are confident that the annual revenue will grow by 40%, and large investors hold a lot of shares, and Suksan, CEO of Chayo Group, to take the 3rd shareholding, may receive additional moves, the first trading movement of Master Style Public Company Limited or MASTER, found that the opening of trading increased to 62.25 baht, up from the subscription price of 46 baht or more than 35.32%. Chief Executive Officer, Master Style Public Company Limited or MASTER, a service provider Masterpiece Hospital said the high share price rally was seen as a positive response for investors who expressed confidence in the company. "The increase in the share price today is seen as a result of the confidence of our customers and shareholders towards MASTER. It must be clarified that in the past, there were many contacts who requested to buy IPO shares of the company, and we saw that we wanted shareholders who wanted to contribute to the long-term growth of the company. Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Master Style Public Company Limited Revealed that this fundraising The company will use the proceeds to increase the potential of the business by investing in the construction and renovation of the building to expand the service center area and office to accommodate the increased service. Renovation of the building and operating room on the site of the former hospital We are not just waiting for IPO, but we have chosen to invest first and expect that the expanded operating room will be available during the month. In terms of growth, MASTER aims to grow its revenue by more than 40% per annum and will maintain a net profit margin of not 20%, however, data from the Stock Exchange of Thailand has reported the acquisition of major investors in MASTER's shares. The 7th shareholding holds 3.68 million shares or 1.53%, Dr. Pongsak Thamtachari holds the 8th shareholding of 3.6 million shares or 1.51%. Major Investors and Chief Executive Officers Chayo Group Public Company Limited He revealed to THAIRATHMoney that he acquired MASTER shares by subscribing for IPO shares, personally interested in MASTER's business that is in the beauty industry with very high growth and in the past, the company's revenue has grown at 100% and plans to expand the beds further. At the same time, there was an opportunity to visit the business. Therefore, they are interested in acquiring shares and thanks to the company for giving them the opportunity to take shares. In terms of shareholding status, we are confident that the company will continue to grow. Personally, I think there is an opportunity for growth and may consider keeping more shares on the board in the future.
Thai stocks today, January 25, 2023, ended the morning up 3.36 points, the index was at 1,686 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 3.36 to 1,686.30. Turnover 30,257.77 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 25th. In the morning, the index rose 3.36, or 0.20%, to 1,686.30. The turnover was 30,257.77 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited, 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited, 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited, 4. CP All Public Company Limited, 5. Tipaya Group Holdings Public Company Limited.
Goh Kao Lui Food Truck dusts Goo Shop to receive Chinese tourists Market new revenue|Go Kao prepares to receive Chinese tourists back, dusting, go-shop, model food truck, and go-go. Milk, nuts, bubble tea for sale Use almond milk, peanut milk, and Sunday ice cream to market. He hopes to reach 10 billion baht in revenue in the next 5-10 years. The Managing Director of Mae Ruai Factory Co., Ltd. said that the business approach in the next 5-10 years wants to drive revenue up to 10 billion baht. In the past, it was around 2,500 million baht and decreased to 2,100 million baht. During the COVID-19 pandemic, We will be aggressive in launching new products in both the nut and non-nut sectors, along with marketing through a variety of channels, and entering the international market to increase the proportion to more than 50% from the previous one to more than 20% and to 12-15%. To re-sell affiliated products. In the past, there were 12 branches open at tourist attractions. As a result, the company had to close down to only 2 branches, Asiatique The Riverfront and Chatuchak. Seeing that after china has relaxed the strict disease control measures that have been in place for 3 years, it will have a positive effect on Thailand's tourism sector. Therefore, the location and number of branches will be considered in order to reopen the shop. The company also has a food truck style store that will serve various locations along with booths in office buildings to make it more accessible to consumers. In the company's products such as bubble tea, which is available in almond milk or peanut milk and Sunday ice cream, Mr. Jumphot said that although the economic conditions are showing better signs than in the past. However, it must be acknowledged that the rising raw material prices, including energy prices, have affected the profit of the bean market to decrease to 7-8%. It must be admitted that exports to China also play a very important part. It accounts for 50% of exports or about 200-300 million baht. Of course, since COVID, exports to China have been quite difficult, forcing the company to turn to other international markets to replace the lost revenue from the Chinese market. It is believed that it will be able to return to the same income as it was before the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2023, the international market will focus on launching new flavors that are more suitable for each region of China. Make the taste more local. At the same time, I also saw my fondness for the Y series from Thailand. As a result, the company plans to bring series Y stars as presenters. To market more in China. Initially, it is expected to start in April-May 2023.
MPC raises interest rate by 0.25% from 1.25% to 1.50% p.a.|MPC announces 0.25% interest rate hike from 1.25% to 1.50% p.a. After the Thai economy continued to recover on January 25, 2023, Mr. Piti Disayatat, Secretary of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), said that the Committee unanimously voted to raise the policy rate by 0.25% per annum from 1.25% to 1.50% per annum with immediate effect. The Thai economy is likely to continue to recover. The recovery of the tourism sector and private consumption will be driven by the return of Chinese tourists. While merchandise exports have slowed this year, growth will improve in 2024 in line with the improvement in the global economic outlook, headline inflation is likely to decline, core inflation remains stable at a high level and there is an increased risk of demand-side inflationary pressures following the economic recovery. The Committee considered that the gradual gradual hike of the policy rate was a policy guideline in line with the outlook for economic recovery and inflation, and therefore agreed to raise the policy rate by 0.25% per annum. In this meeting.
housing Make a special rental room for rent. Starting from 1,200 baht per month, average 40 baht per day|The National Housing Authority does. Special rental rates start at 1,200 baht per month, averaging 40 baht per day for a period of 1 year, helping low-income people on January 25, 2023. National Housing Authority Governor Vijayadit said the National Housing Authority aims to help low-income and vulnerable households secure housing by reducing housing inequality by selecting more than 5,000 specially priced rental units divided into Bangkok and metropolitan areas. 15 projects 2,205 units such as 1. Housing Authority 2. Blessed Blessed 3. Au Ngoen Housing 4. Bang Phli Housing 5. Phetkasem Housing 6. Samut Sakhon Housing (Krathum Baen) 7. Nakhon Pathom Housing Authority has 42 projects with 2,844 units, such as Nakhon Sawan, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. A total of 57 projects of 5,049 units with rental rates starting from 1,200 and 1,500 baht per month, representing an average rent of 40 baht per day and 50 baht for special rental units, must be leased by January 31, 2023 and include a contract period of 1 year (until December 31, 2023). Also in the promotion, the room rents a special price. There is also a rental building project for low-income people, which is a new project that is ready to move in immediately. 6 projects in 6 locations nationwide, including SPONSORED1. Samut Sakhon (Krathum Baen 3) 2. Maha sarakham 3. Surin (Salakdai) 4. Ubon Ratchathani 5. Lampang 6. Nakhon Sawan (Phase 2) It is a 4-storey residential building with a residential area of approximately 28 and 30 square meters. The price is 1,500 baht per month or 50 baht per day for people, especially low-income groups. It has set the terms of the lease agreement without charging a rental insurance of 1 times the monthly rent and a water-electricity meter security deposit. The conditions provide for the right to rent 1 person per room per contract, the size of the family is not more than 4 people per room. If found later, the right will be revoked and the room will be returned by the National Housing Authority to consider the properties of the sub-lessee before proceeding with the contract. The tenant's qualifications must be Thai nationality and of legal age with a household income not exceeding 30,000 baht per month and must not be a party to the lease agreement with the National Housing Authority of the project (within 1 year). In other projects, there must be no outstanding debt for interested parties. For more information, please contact Call Center 1615 or www.nha.co.th and follow us on our Facebook fan page: National Housing Authority. 
Shareholders are hoping BBGI will accept some good deals from buying Esso It helps to push up more opportunities to sell products.|The share price movement of BBGI Public Company Limited (BBGI) The share price has started to recover steadily from the end of the previous year. The latest share price on Jan. 24 stood at 6.90, up 13.10%. From the IPO level of 10.50 baht on March 17, 2022 and down to a low of 6.00 baht, Mr. Kittipong Limsuwanroj Chief Executive Officer and President, BBGI Public Company Limited or BBGI, a leader in the biofuel industry BBGI, as a subsidiary of Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited or BCP, will benefit directly from BCP's acquisition of the entire business of Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited or ESSO. "The takeover of Esso will result in synergy for the entire Bangchak Group, which will have a positive impact on cost efficiency, strengthening the refinery and gas station business, as well as providing services that cover customers nationwide through gas stations, as well as expanding its retail business and exchanging knowledge and technologies, while BBGI will have a direct benefit in increasing the opportunity to sell ethanol and B100," Mr. Kittipong said. 15 million barrels This will benefit the BBGI business and will support BBGI's strong growth in performance. In addition to increasing the diversity of business and bringing natural products to add value as much as possible. The company also plans to grow its high-value bio-based products business by studying, researching and developing related technologies in order to apply knowledge to build systems and production bases for high-value bio-based products.
Bangkok Bank also has measures to help customers affected by COVID-19.|Bangkok Bank continues to take measures to help customers affected by COVID to overcome economic challenges on January 25, 2023. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited (BBL) President Said that in 2023, although the COVID situation has eased somewhat. However, the global economy and the Thai economy will face challenges in various aspects, including inflation. fluctuations in product prices; The gradual increase in interest rates. The recovery of receivables in different groups may not be the same. Such factors may affect vulnerable groups that require ongoing care. In addition, environmental risks and impacts must be prioritized. Bangkok Bank attaches great importance to taking care of all customer groups thoroughly and being a partner who is by the side and going through the crisis together in all situations and expects to see all customers able to grow strongly and sustainably. The Bank focuses on working closely with customers, providing consultants and taking care of customers to suit the situation and needs of each customer by dividing customer care into 3 groups as follows: 1. For customers who lack liquidity, the Bank will accelerate its efforts to maintain liquidity and maintain employment. DO NOT INCREASE THE DEBT REPAYMENT BURDEN TO CUSTOMERS AT THIS STAGE, ESPECIALLY VULNERABLE CUSTOMERS, FOR EXAMPLE, SOME MAY HAVE TO EXTEND THE REPAYMENT PERIOD OR REDUCE THE INSTALLMENT AMOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INCOME AND REPAYMENT CAPACITY OF THE SPONSORED DEBTOR.2. Customers who want to support working capital during the business recovery The Bank will provide working capital to enable them to trade or produce goods and services according to the growing market demand.3. The Bank is ready to support the business model to adapt to the changing market conditions and ESG-conscious business operations, with the Bank ready to support additional loans in such adjustments so that debtors can compete and continue to operate their business sustainably. The BOT's various assistance measures can still be used to help customers, including sustainable debt resolution measures. Rehabilitation loan measures and adaptation loans Debt moratorium measures Measures to restructure business receivables with multiple creditors, long-term debt resolution measures through refinancing and consolidation of mortgage loans and other types of retail loans. Those who are interested can contact the Business Relations Officer, Business Office or bank branches nationwide and Bualuang Phone Service at 1333 or 02-645-5555 or www.bangkokbank.com 
BGRIM aims to generate 10,000 megawatts of electricity in 2020, highlighting its position as a leader in renewable energy.|BGRIM aims to generate 10,000 megawatts of electricity in 2020, highlighting its position as a leader in renewable energy. Enhance global business partnerships On January 25, 2023, Mr. Harald Link, Chief Executive Officer of BGRIM Power Public Company Limited (BGRIM), said: "We aim to increase our capacity from 3,379 MW at the end of September 2022 to 4,700 MW. In 2024, the main goal is to increase the capacity to 10,000 MW. Under the new GreenLeap strategy, B.Grimm Power is also looking to enhance global business partnerships with domestic and international partners. To expand the business into upstream value chain to ensure fuel supply and drive synthetic fuel technology for the GreenLeap – Global and Green strategy, it consists of 3 strategic plans as follows: 1. Industrial Solutions: Aiming to provide energy to the industrial sector under a variety of tariffs, B.Grimm Power will use rooftop solar projects. This includes preparing to support electric vehicles and advanced digital tools such as systems that can support electrical connections from distributed energy sources to maintain the balance of B.Grimm Power's power grid, as well as supporting customers in carbon offsetting and energy efficiency. This strategy relies on B.Grimm Power's knowledge to integrate renewable energy and energy storage. In order to provide end-to-end energy services to customers2. Independent Power Producer: B.Grimm Power's renewable energy projects are aimed at expanding both domestically and internationally and preparing domestic ports to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. It aims to improve the efficiency of the cogeneration power plant portfolio. Managing uninterruptible power systems from cogeneration power plants to balance the increase in renewable energy and prepare for the future when combined cycle power plants will play an important role in balancing the power grid. The key is B.Grimm Power's expertise in the operation and maintenance of cogeneration power plants and its commitment to developing innovation and renewable power technology: An integral part of the world's energy transition and great opportunities, B.Grimm Power will use its experience in implementing renewable energy projects both in Thailand and abroad. B.Grimm Power focuses on the rapidly growing or rapidly changing areas of the economy in Asia and other regions to diversify risks and enhance investment.3. Sustainable Fuels: The strategy aims to ensure the supply of gas through long-term supply contracts using B.Grimm LNG's supplier and wholesale licenses, strengthening its expertise in synthetic fuels for the industry and chemicals as well as synthetic fuels for hard-to-compromise sectors such as aviation and maritime. GreenLeap aims for annual EBITDA of more than 35 billion baht It has an EBITDA margin of 35% by 2030, maintaining a strong financial structure. In addition, we adhere to good governance, sustainability and responsible value chain management, taking into account economic, social and environmental impacts.
True + dtac = True, a merger equation that enlarges the giant |In mid-January, it was only business news that created a buzz. Especially the conclusion of the deal giant of the two telecommunications, which recently announced the name of a new company that was officially merged by the name of 'True Corporation'. It has already been clarified that dtac brand remains the same, but moreover, it is to have a new house with more services that will allow users to receive more benefits than before. Whether it's home internet Subscription televisions, as well as digital services, must also comply with the board's resolutions. The NBTC is set to retain the brand for 3 years, but another interesting aspect of the event after this is to focus on the growth direction of True Group after the acquisition of dtac. What will change clearly is that True Corporation has grown in all dimensions, with the precursor to the influx of users from True's existing merger of 33.6 million numbers and dtac's 21.1 million, including more than 54.7 million both brands (as of the end of Q3/2022). BUT TRUE ALSO HAS OTHER BUSINESSES IN THE CHAIN THAT CAN BE CALLED TO CREATE ITS OWN ECOSYSTEM THAT BUILDS MAINLY FROM MOBILE NETWORK USERS. As innovations and technologies evolve rapidly, so do innovations. Consumer behavior has changed, industry trends have changed, so businesses have to adapt to keep going and continue to generate more growth by going back to the first time the two giants were merged. The first intention of the deal, announced by the executives of both companies, was to move beyond being a traditional telecommunications business to becoming a tech company. This means that the traditional telecommunications business is saturated to the point where it can no longer add value. Mobile chains have become merely a way for users to access the digital world. The competition for this business is focused on campaigning. Investment in network expansion also takes a lot of money, according to a Cable.co.uk survey reported in 2022. Thailand is ranked as having the cheapest data charges in ASEAN. Although there is the highest spectrum cost in the world, which, if you look at the growth rate of revenue and profit versus cost, may not be worth it, but it is a prerequisite. Signal providers are like pipelines, reflecting their ability to generate lower returns for their future businesses, or simply approaching a dead end after seeing the reasons for the business to transform. Of course, this merger will have a restructuring of the business that escapes from being a telecommunications business. This is to increase business value through a new source of revenue that can once again be called a light for the telecommunications business, namely the digital business. Of course, the revenue and profit will definitely increase, with previously estimated revenue growth reaching 217 billion baht. The profit before expenses is about 83 billion baht and the market share will not exceed 40%, which if the goal is to compete with AIS with a market share of not less than 40%, I don't know how to count it to no more than this amount. While this is a very competitive market, the stadium is for two big players, in addition, there will be a lot of new business going on. If the original plan was previously announced. The structure of the new business, in addition to signal network services, will range from AI IoT Digital Media Cloud Technology SPACE Technology, as well as the establishment of Venture Capital worth approximately USD 200 million to invest in Thai and foreign startups that have opened in Thailand. True Internet Data Center (trueICD), a business that provides cloud-based solutions leading to trueIoT and true analytics, will be part of data analytics, AI applications and blockchain, while the digital media business will build on existing services such as trueID and trueYOU. True has Ascend Group, a technology company familiar as the parent company of Ascend Money, a unicorn-level fintech startup that owns TrueMoney Wallet, which is a major sponsor of CP Group, along with a loyal partner, Ant Group, a fintech big brother, flying directly from China to bolster its business. It is really worth noting that after the successful merger process, How much to enlarge the giant and see if it becomes a virtual bank license challenger and in what way...
Smiling softly, announcing the reduction of "oil prices". All types of sohol except diesel remain the same.|Sohol people tomorrow will add to the announcement of the reduction of "oil prices". Gasohol of all kinds 40 Sat As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Jan. 25, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 40 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 25 January 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.65 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.38 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.74 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 35.19 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax).
The SEC will announce the utility token regulations available no later than June, except for vouchers, points, tickets. |After the Board of Directors The SEC has revised the "utility token ready" regulatory guidelines for both the first and secondary markets. To establish regulatory guidelines in accordance with the nature, risks, development and use, and to have adequate and appropriate vendor protection mechanisms, as well as to support the adoption of technology in business and industry. In accordance with the country's digital economy policy, the company has been open to hearing from stakeholders and the general public in May-June 2022. The SEC is therefore open to comments on the draft declaration on the supervision of utility tokens ready to use, which has been updated to reflect the nature, purpose and risks of each type of "utility token ready to use", with the main regulatory principles divided into 2 groups as follows: Group 1, which has the characteristics of granting rights from the consumer's consumption base, which the Company uses to build customer loyalty, consisting of 1.utility tokens ready for consumption purposes, such as digital vouchers issued in the form of tokens and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), which are specifically granted to holders, such as the right to redeem concert tickets and artwork, pictures, music, stamps or videos2.utility tokens that are used instead of certificates or displays of rights such as renewable energy certificates, tax invoices and title deeds.** Group 1SPONSORED token supervision principles are exempt from the offering of digital tokens to the public and exempt the supervision of related businesses. Because it is not considered a digital asset business. In addition, it must not be characterized as a medium of payment for goods and services (MOP) according to the Bank of Thailand (BOT). In addition, issuers must not be open to depositing digital assets in order to receive returns. Group 2 consists of utility tokens available to use other types than Group 1, whose token value depends on the expectations of future projects, namely: 1.utility tokens that provide access to goods and services on decentralized storage technology (DLT) as well as decentralized financial systems (DeFi)2.utility tokens used in exchange tokens are intended to pay fees, discounted fees, accumulated to promote members, with different benefits.3.utility tokens that provide governance tokens to modify or make decisions about business operations4.utility tokens to modify or make decisions about business operations4.utility tokens The issuer must file a filing and prospectus, as well as offer through an ICO portal, as well as a group token that must not be MOP, and the issuer must not accept staking unless it is staking to be used as a mechanism to confirm transactions, voting, participating in activities, or to receive returns from activities in the ecosystem. SEC and Related Parties Group 1 token providers are exempt from being able to conduct business without a license according to the original criteria. SEC. 1. A final public hearing on the draft declaration will be held from January 25-24. February 2020, prior to its actual release. After the meeting has been held to hear from the concerned persons (focus group) and related parties and the general public. It is expected to be announced in the second quarter of 2023 or no later than June.  
Using AI to catch irregular transactions, win the law to control "ghost sim-horse accounts" in February|"Chaiwut" expects km. to solve ghost sim The horse account is valid for no more than a month. The decree will take no more than 2 weeks to consider the law and prepare to lay down suspicious bank accounts, which causes the bank to temporarily suspend transactions, such as frequent transfers to neighboring countries or large amounts of money transferred in and out each day. Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) It was revealed that after the Cabinet approved in principle the draft Decree (Act) on prevention and suppression of technological crimes B.E. ... The horse account as proposed by the Ministry of DES on Jan. 24, 2023, and assigned to the Office of the Council of State for review, before promulgating it further, said the ordinance would take about two weeks to consider the law and thereafter it would be announced to take effect as soon as possible. Up to a month Mr. Chaiwut said that in the meantime, the Ministry of DES will expedite the establishment of regulations under the law, which empowers financial institutions to temporarily suspend bank account transactions immediately. In case of suspicion that the account is a horse account or if the case has been notified by the victim. To stop the process of transferring money in a timely manner. The account must be defined as wondering what it should look like. FOR EXAMPLE, AN ACCOUNT THAT FREQUENTLY TRANSFERS MONEY TO CAMBODIA OR AN ACCOUNT THAT TRANSFERS MONEY IN AND OUT OF 20,000 BAHT A DAY AT A TIME, ETC., IN SUCH A CASE, THIS MAY BE CONSIDERED AN UNUSUAL TRANSACTION. moreover The law requires each bank to exchange information with each other. In the past, banks did not dare to share horse account information with each other, as well as mobile camps, which would make the detection of gangs more streamlined and faster." Coordinate the fight against online crimes The Ministry of DES found that horse accounts and ghost sims were the main source of the online crime gangs to accomplish their tasks. Having stronger laws will make it harder for these criminals to do their jobs, and victims are more likely to get their money back." On January 24, 2023, the Cabinet meeting approved the draft decree. Measures to prevent and combat technological crimes Establish measures to prevent and suppress scams for people to transfer money via telephone calls or electronic means, and those who open accounts, electronic cards or electronic wallets by giving authority to the competent authorities to supervise financial transactions. Financial transactions can be suspended or delayed for a certain period of time. In the event of abnormal behavior or when a complainant is found to be studying with the Bank, the Bank and related agencies can disclose it. Link and exchange related online offenses through a central database system for the prevention, suppression, deterrence of online crimes, as well as exemption of restrictions on the collection, use or disclosure of personal data in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). The penalty for opening a horse account is imprisonment for not more than 3 years or a fine not exceeding 300,000 baht or both, while those who are engaged in providing horse accounts are punished with imprisonment of 2 to 5 years and a fine of 200,0000 baht to 500,000 baht or both.
Pointing to reduce electricity bills, pulling another wave of investment|Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) This year, he said: The factors that will help drive Thailand's industrial economy are 4 major industries, namely 1.BCG (Bio Circular Green), Electric Vehicles (EV), Smart Electronic and Digital. In order to drive the Thai economy back and in line with the changes in the world, especially now that the world has moved into the BANI World era or the rapid changes from B : Britten, the vulnerability of the global economy that may recession A : Anxious or worried from climate change N : Nonlinear Difficult understanding from changing geopolitics, including trade wars, technology wars and I : Incomprehensible Incomprehensible from disruption. More importantly, higher energy costs, especially auto-variable electricity bills, continue to rise. Jan-Apr 2023 For industrial business type, the average adjustment to 5.33 baht per unit becomes the cost of production of the industrial sector. To attract foreign direct investment AS A RESULT, VIETNAM HAS EVEN MORE HANDICAP DUE TO ITS ADVANTAGE IN TERMS OF FREE TRADE ZONES THAT HAVE SIGNED CONTRACTS WITH MANY COUNTRIES THAN THAILAND, AS WELL AS ALREADY LOW WAGES. If Thailand still has expensive electricity bills FDI from any country will invest in Thailand, so we want to leave everyone accountable because if they do not urgently fix it, it may permanently lose its competitiveness." At present, The world has moved from the disrupted VUCA World era (volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity) to BANI World. Thailand, which has an economic structure that relies on exports and tourism that relies on foreign markets, will inevitably be affected.
Dream of setting up a national fleet to help promote maritime commerce.|Mr. Kriangkrai Chaisiriwongsuk director Port Authority of Thailand (CAT) Revealed the results of the study on the establishment of national shipping lines and the development of the Thai commercial fleet. That the project is worthwhile for the country's economy and investment, helping to promote maritime commerce and encourage the development of water freight. Reduce transportation costs Increase the proportion of domestic coastal freight and international freight. By boat hoisting the Thai flag The management model should focus on joint ventures with the private sector in the proportion of not more than 25%, and now there are many investors interested in joint ventures"Domestic shipping routes found that there are 9 suitable routes that can be switched from land to water, but 3 routes are suitable for investment and do not overlap with those previously operated by the private sector, with a return on investment of 7.71%, consisting of Map Ta Phut (Rayong)-Laem Chabang Port (Chonburi) and Laem Chabang Port (Chonburi) and Laem Chabang Port (Chonburi).
Thailand to host Expo 2028 Phuket|Mr. Sanee AngUbonkul Chairman of the Joint Committee of 3 Private Sector Institutions It was revealed that the GOVERNMENT has signed an agreement with the Thailand Convention and Exhibition Bureau (TCEB). In order to support Thailand's bid to host Expo 2028 Phuket Thailand, which will work with the Phuket Provincial Government and the Southern Andaman Provinces of Phuket, Ranong, Phang Nga, Krabi, Trang, Satun to create participation and awareness in joint activities to create opportunities for Thailand to be selected as the host of the event. Mr. Jirut Isarangkun Na Ayutthaya, Director of the Thailand Convention and Exhibition Bureau (TCEB), said that Thailand has qualified for the finals together with four other countries: the United States, Serbia, Spain and Argentina. A panel of 171 countries from the International Exhibition Organization (BIE) will announce the results of the countries selected to host the event in May. This June. Thailand has proposed to host a Specialised Expo under the name Expo 2028. March 20-June 17, 2028 on 141 Rai of land in Thalang District, Phuket. Under the concept of life of the future, sharing prosperity, living together as oneSPONSORED. If Thailand hosts the event, it will benefit both directly and indirectly, such as building international cooperation and generating expansion of relevant economic activities. Revenue diversification Increase tourism and MICE employment rates, as well as increase the potential and enhance health tourism. The social aspect is expected to draw 4.92 million attendees. It has a circulation of 7 million visitors from 106 countries, generating 49,231 million baht. Added gross domestic product (GDP) 39,357 million baht Revenue from taxation of 9,512 million baht If Thailand were to host it, it would be asean and south Asia's first global expo.
Business registrations in 2022 jumped to 200 billion, construction - real estate - restaurants trending.|Mr. Thapapol Thangsubutr Director General, Department of Business Development Last year, 76,488 entrepreneurs registered their new businesses nationwide, an increase of 3,530 or 5% compared to 2021. 200,000 million baht increase 87% increase compared to 2021 with capital of 229,808 million baht The top 3 newly established businesses were general building construction (7,061), real estate (4,833), and restaurant business. There were 21,880 businesses with registered capital of 127,048 million baht. The top 3 businesses were general building construction (2,012), real estate (1,023), and restaurants (623), resulting in business operations as of December 31, 2022. Nationwide, 850,480 customers with a capital value of 21.19 trillion baht "The reason for the large increase in registered capital is due to economic activity starting to normalize. THIS YEAR'S OUTLOOK IS EXPECTED TO BE SIMILAR TO LAST YEAR'S GROWTH OF 72,000-77,000."
MPC raises interest rate by 0.25% for New Year Tourism boosts income and economic recovery|The MPC first received a policy rate hike of 0.25% as expected and will continue to rise for a while as core inflation continues to rise. Acknowledging the concerns of vulnerable groups who have to deal with rising interest rates, but expecting better service incomes, supporting more income, enough to spend and use debt, Mr. Piti Disayatat Assistant Governor of the Bank of Thailand (BOT) Monetary Policy Group as Secretary The Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) announced the results of the MPC meeting. The MPC unanimously raised the policy rate by 0.25% per annum from 1.25% to 1.50% per annum with immediate effect. The MPC sees a gradual increase in the policy rate. This will be in line with the current economic recovery and inflation outlook for economic factors that the MPC considers to be better than the previous meeting. Factors 1. China's rapid reopening policy, which is not only open in the case of travel relaxation and COVID control, but also monetary policy and real estate sector, has resulted in the Thai tourism sector recovering faster with the return of Chinese tourists. It supports the employment and income distribution of employees in the service sector and the large number of self-employed people. IT IS EXPECTED TO BOOST NON-FARM LABOR INCOME BY ABOUT 67% AND CONTINUE TO SEND PRIVATE CONSUMPTION TO IMPROVE WITH SPONSORED, WHILE THE SECOND FACTOR IS THAT THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC OUTLOOK THIS YEAR IS LIKELY TO BE BETTER THAN PREVIOUSLY EXPECTED AT THE END OF THE YEAR. Both the European economy, which has been affected by lower-than-expected energy prices, as well as the U.S. economy, may not slow down as severely as previously expected. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is expected to raise the growth of the global economy soon, which, if the global economy improves, will be good for the growth of the Thai economy." Meanwhile, the export sector acknowledged that the month's growth Thailand's December 2022 came out lower than that. Therefore, it must be expected that Thai exports will expand by 1% year-on-year. "However, overall, the Thai economy is expected to expand slightly from the previous forecast of 3.7% due to the positive effects of Chinese tourists, but may not increase much because there is still a slowdown in exports. It is expected to move into the BOT's target range by the end of this year, but overall inflation is not at the level we are satisfied with. Core inflation is expected to remain high for some time and there is a risk of staying high for longer than expected due to the transmission of potentially rising costs, as entrepreneurs continue to face high costs and may pass on costs to higher prices during the economic recovery. Therefore, inflation risks must be closely monitored"The baht appreciation has been relatively fast in recent times. The Assistant Governor of the Bot said that as a result of the weakening of the US dollar and the Thai economy that continues to improve as the world slows down, from the beginning of the year until now the baht has strengthened by 4-5%. The Bot is closely watching as it affects the overall economy and business sector of Thailand. While the overall risk The MPC is keeping an eye on three things: the overall outlook for global economic growth, the positive effects of China's opening up as expected, and the transmission of costs to inflation by entrepreneurs that will cause prices to rise. In addition to taking care of inflation. The Bot also took into account the transmission of the policy rate to the interest rate of commercial banks, which in recent times has started to see a clearer hike in the interest rate of commercial bank loan customers. However, if you look at the recent rate hikes, it can be seen that commercial banks have raised the interest rate on loans to good large customers or MLR rather than the good retail interest rate hike or MRR, indicating that it is still helping vulnerable households to cope with rising interest rates. Better cope with the cost of living too.
Gold price today, January 26, 2023, opened Thursday morning, up 150 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" On Thursday morning, January 26, the price rose by 150 baht for "gold bullion", selling out 30,100 baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,600 baht per baht. On January 26, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.25 a.m., the price of gold rose by 150, resulting in the "gold bullion" buying 30,000 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,100 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,455.88 baht per baht. Sold out baht 30,600 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,000 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,727.94 baht Sell out 15,300 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,500 Baht Sell Out 7,525 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,363.97 Baht Sell Out 7,650 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,750 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,681.98 Baht Sell Out 3,825 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Analysts aim to cut SCC's share price of Thai cement and petrochemicals to boost Q4 profit to 157 million baht|Thai Cement announces fourth quarter profit of 157 million baht The incident was heavily pressured by petrochemicals. The market is starting to recover. Analysts are looking to cut the right price of the stock, hoping that this year's performance will recover the company. Thai Cement Public Company Limited (SCC) disclosed that the company reported its 2022 operating results with sales revenue of Baht 569,609 million. EBITDA decreased 33% year-on-year to Baht 61,912 million and profit for the year decreased by 55% year-on-year to Baht 21,382 million. This was mainly due to the lower operating results of the Chemicals business. Profit excluding key items was 23,270 million baht. Down 50% year-on-year Packaging Business (SCGP) profit for 2022 was 5,801 million baht. Down 30% year-on-year Revenue from sales was 146,068 million baht. In the fourth quarter of 2022, SCG had sales revenue of Baht 122,190 million. Down 14% QoQ EBITDA increased by 9% from the previous quarter to Baht 10,122 million due to dividends received from associated companies and investments in other businesses (automotive business). Down 94% QoQ This was mainly due to lower prices for chemical products and higher energy costs. Profit excluding key items was 1,070 million baht. Down 66% from the previous quarter in Q4 2022, the overall cement market in Thailand improved. It grew by 3% compared to the same period last year. Which was affected by the closure of construction projects. However, market demand in terms of the number of cement tons is still lower than the previous quarter, and overall demand for the whole year 2022 is still lower than in the previous period. Covid significantly. Government demand (approximately 40% of the market) 4% growth compared to the same period last year   While the demand Household and private sectors (approximately 60% of the market) Expanded by 2% and 3%, respectively. Compared to the same period last year. It's not. The average price of cement in Q4 2022 increased in the price range of 2,000 - 2,050 baht per ton. As for the demand for non-cement products, in Q4 2022, the demand for non-cement products was 1.5%. Construction products (roof tiles and frosted lids) Growth of 11% from the same period last year While domestic demand for ceramic tile products increased by 2% from the same period last year due to continued increase in demand for renovations and the recovery of the tourism sector, Krungsri Asset Management estimated that SCC's performance in the fourth quarter of 2022 reported was more exhausting than expected, with net profit of only 157 million baht. This was down 94% from the previous quarter and 98% lower than consensus expectations of 1-1.4 billion baht. As a result, the total net profit was only 21,382 million baht, down 55% from the same period last year. Pressure on the company to pay a dividend for the second half of the year at only 2 baht per share to a dividend yield of only 0.6%. Cyrus ScC's full-year operating results were disappointing, lower than expected, mainly the petrochemical business, which remained poor in both revenue and spread, as well as SCGP, which reported lower-than-expected profit in the previous period due to both revenue and net profit. This is down 55% from 2021. At present, the market expects net profit in 2023 to average around 31 billion baht. It has recovered around 50% from 2022, which must be monitored to see a downward revision. Meanwhile, the average target price from analysts was 360.38 baht.
State banks ready to raise interest rates on loans led by THORS Confirm the same installment payment.|State-owned banks ready to raise interest rates on loans to receive MPC raise interest rates by 0.25% per annum. Ready to confirm the same installment payment Mr. Chatchai Sirilai managing director And as chairman of the Association of State Financial Institutions (GFA), he said that from the case of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) At the meeting on January 25, 2023, it was unanimously resolved to raise the policy rate by 0.25% per annum from 1.25% per annum to 1.50% per annum in accordance with the trend of economic recovery and inflation with immediate effect. This is the fourth consecutive policy rate hike, including a 1% annual hike since the first hike in August 2022, and government financial institutions have kept lending rates at the same level throughout 2022 to give public customers time to adjust to future interest rate hikes and help alleviate the expenses of customers who are still affected by the economic situation and the COVID-19 pandemic. It is necessary to raise the loan rate with effect from January 2023 onwards in order to comply with the market loan interest rate and from the previous deposit rate hike. As well as the economic recovery and the covid situation, the loan rate hike is still lower than the policy rate hike and will not affect the annuity of most customers. THE ASSOCIATION OF STATE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND ITS MEMBERS REMAINS AWARE OF THE IMPACT ON CUSTOMERS AND CONTINUES TO FOCUS ON CARING FOR VULNERABLE CUSTOMERS WHOSE INCOMES HAVE NOT RETURNED TO NORMAL AND ARE AFFECTED BY THE RISING COST OF LIVING. We remain ready to assist affected customers through the assistance measures of each financial institution. That focuses on providing appropriate assistance. This includes both reducing financial burdens and restructuring existing debts, taking into account the potential and opportunities for future customer adaptation. Liquidity enhancement and debt restructuring. State financial institutions will closely monitor the progress and effectiveness of various measures and are ready to consider further actions if necessary in the next phase. He said that for the Housing Bank, there will be a loan rate hike, which will be effective from January 26, 2023 onwards, which will also be the first rate hike in 2 years and 9 months since May 25, 2020. Details are as follows: - Interest rate on good retail loans or MRR from 6.15% p.a. Increased to 6.40% p.a. - Interest rate on loans for major customers Term loan or MLR from 5.75% p.a. Increased to 6.00% p.a. - Interest rate on loans for large customers Overdraft loan or MOR from 5.90% p.a. Increased to 6.15% per annum." "This loan rate hike will not result in the bank's customers having to pay more installments because the bank has already prepared a loan product that calculates the annuity amount in case of interest rate adjustment for customers."
Thai stocks today, January 26, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 5.68 points, the index was at 1,676 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index fell 5.68 points to 1,676.43 points with a turnover of 42,342.14 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are 1.Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2.Banpu Public Company Limited 3.PTT Public Company Limited 4.Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5.Thai Cement Public Company Limited.
"Testo" to please baby tooth teenagers, grabs 2 young paper planes to sit on the presenter's podium|"Testo" wins 2 young "Hai-Sen", paper planes, the owner of the hit song "Shape like bad", sits on the presenter's podium for the first time in his life. Tasto grabbed 2 young "Hai-Thanwa Ketsuwan" and "Sen-Nakarin Khunpakdee", better known as "Hai-Sen", paper planes, the owner of the song "Bad Boy", sitting on the podium of the latest presenter. This limited-edition special is only available for 3 months. Hai-Sen, a paper planes, said he was excited. Because we don't usually shoot commercials. The main thing is that Testo is a snack that we already eat, so it was quite a surprise to be chosen as a presenter and fun to do because it is new to us. On the day of the shoot, we were very happy with the concept of sweets that were fun and matched our character. WE ARE EXCITED ABOUT SPONSORED. Watch Testo's first ad for Paper Planes in February and catch up on it and catch up on it on all Testo social media channels.
Thai stocks today, January 26, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 10.77 points, the index was at 1,671 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon down 10.77. The index is at 1,671.34. Turnover 72,405.67 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on January 26, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index fell by 10.77 percent. The index was at 1,671.34. The index peaked at 1,684.84. The index is at a low of 1,667.43. The turnover was 72,405.67 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3. Global Power Synergy Public Company Limited 4. J.M.T. Network Company Limited Services Public Company Limited 5. Pure Energy Public Company Limited.
Multi-platform Google business continues to dominate the ranks of competitors. |The arrival of ChatGPT, a smart chatbot that can interact with humans naturally. Instead of spending a lot of time searching for information, just ask ai and get an answer in no time. As a result, Google, the leader in the search engine market, which holds more than 92% of the market share (as of 2022), has long been a hard-to-find type. Thairath Money has gathered Google's outstanding products along with its business competitors to project a clearer picture.1.Google Search The search engine system, launched in 1997, has the strength of a stable and highly reliable SEO system, with algorithms helping to rank popular websites, tailored according to the user's characteristics to increase access to relevant and accurate information. Google Ads also provides advertising services that leverage their search engines to become the main source of revenue and become the market engine market leader with a market share of over 92%, leaving Microsoft and Yahoo's Bing with a market share of 3.42% and 1.23%, respectively.SPONSORED2.Google Map, a digital mapping service launched in 2005, can search for locations and view routes in real time. With the advantage of its own search engine that collects global data, coupled with the traffic of Android mobile phones, the plan is highly accurate as well as being able to dominate the market.3.Google Drive It is a free storage service for data files on cloud storage. According to 2022 statistics, Google Drive is also the market leader with 28.13%, followed by Dropbox with 27.6%. Nowadays, it is very popular with users because it has a high level of security performance and protects the privacy of users. In addition, it is fast to open the website, according to the statistics of 2022, it is also the market leader in the world web browser. With a market share of 65.84%5.Google Meet, an online teleconferencing video program, is available both free and free of charge. Includes assistive features during meetings, such as sharing the presentation screen. The main competitor is Zoom, which leads the market share by 42.7% in 2022, while Google Meet is behind at 31.4%. Store and protect data from theft without the need to invest in the server itself, which is costly. Simplify the organization's infrastructure management In 2022, it had a market share of 11%, third only to Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS), which dominated the market at 21% and 34%, respectively.7.Google Pay, a mobile payment secure payment when shopping in stores and applications, with Google Wallet as a credit or debit card storage for use with Google Pay and loyalty cards. According to 2022 statistics, if not counting China's Alipay and WeChat Pay, which have the top two users in the world. Google Plus PayPal, a social media platform launched in 2011 with features similar to Facebook, has a feature called Hangouts, which can be video calls. The world's no.1 used video viewing platform that collects videos around the world. Videos can be viewed and uploaded instantly without signing up for an account or downloading any software. Although YouTube Originals content can't compete with the series and movies that have already dominated the audience market from Netflix and Disney+, it does have the advantage of the variety and novelty of YouTuber content that comes with a YouTube Music listening service that competitors need years to keep up with.SPONSORED10.Google Assistant, a smart AI personal assistant service that can be voice-activated to help with activities. On a smartphone or help command home appliances. Google assistant and Siri currently dominate the market with 36% each, followed by Alexa at 25% and Cortana at 19%. Pichai announced Code Red, called a meeting of relevant teams to review the guidelines and return to focus on AI development. And recently, a Google spokesperson revealed that it plans to launch more than 20 new products, including a trial version of a Google Search product integrated with AI chatbots later this year. And ensure the accuracy of the information based on the facts.
SRT wins contract for three airports|Mr. Nirut Maneepan, Governor of the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) Unveiling the progress of the high-speed train project Connecting three airports (Don Mueang, Suvarnabhumi, U-Tapao) that in the implementation of the 4-1 contract for the Bang Sue-Don Mueang range, a distance of 15.2 km, the SRT is currently in the process of amending the joint investment agreement for the high-speed rail linking three airports. Wait for the outcome of the meeting of the Eastern Economic Corridor Development Management Subcommittee (BOC), which will hold a meeting to consider solutions to the problems in the project, as well as wait for the private sector to apply for investment promotion to be completed (BOI) before it can issue a notification of commencement of work (NTP). The SRT is rushing to clear the area for delivery to the private sector, especially during Bang Sue-Phayathai. The expropriation work is expected to be completed within a month. JUN66 However, it acknowledged that the overall project has now been delayed from the original plan for more than two years to expedite construction to be completed by the end of 2026 and opened in '70. The consideration includes: 1. Private parties to pay for the exercise of the Airport Rail Link with a limit of 10,671 million baht. 2. Resolving overlapping issues with the Thai-China high-speed rail project 3.Delivery of the project area according to the plan set out in 3 phases4.Interpretation of the public rail area around Makkasan railway station.SPONSORED
"Big Tou" hijacks 6 state-owned enterprises to wake up, revive the organization|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The State Enterprise Policy Committee (R.R.) meeting that had Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense presided over the meeting. The 6 state enterprises, namely the State Railway of Thailand; Bangkok Mass Transit Authority National Telecommunications Public Company Limited MCOT Public Company Limited Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand and Islamic Bank of Thailand Expedite the resolution of organizational problems in accordance with the plan and see concrete results. There must be progress in the implementation of the targets and operational measures in various phases, both in the short, medium and long term, in order to monitor and improve in time to the situation, as well as emphasize the implementation of operations that are beneficial to the people and the nation. THE PRIME MINISTER INSTRUCTED THE SUBCOMMITTEE TO RESOLVE THE ISSUE. The Chief Executive Officer or CEO and employees jointly update the corporate transformation plan to be completed as soon as possible. Increasing revenue Image improvement, cost reduction that must take into account the global situation. Consider establishing incentive and punitive measures for each state-owned enterprise. Everyone has to do it for the country, stating that the development of state-owned enterprises has many things to improve. While many things are already good, let's help each other to get better and better, and ask the state enterprises to implement the proposals to solve the problems as soon as possible."
Parade up "loan interest" bounces to get consensus The State Bank cannot continue.|5 State Bank "THORS–EximBank–BAAC–BANK–SAVINGS" to raise interest rates on loans in unison. After more than 2 consecutive years of fixation, in line with economic conditions and the MPC's 4th round of policy rate hikes, reporters reported that after the seven state-owned financial institutions decided to keep the lending rate unchanged in the fourth quarter of last year to help reduce the burden of debt repayment to the public, although the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Bank of Thailand (BOT) has decided to raise the policy rate three times in 2022. managing director Government Housing Bank (TBA) As Chairman of the Association of State Financial Institutions In line with the MPC's rate hike, the outlook for economic recovery and inflation is expected to continue. Government financial institutions need to raise the lending rate, which is expected to start gradually and effective from January 2023 onwards. For its part, the BANK will increase the interest rate on all types of loans by 0.25% per annum effective from January 26, 2023 onwards. As a result, the interest rate for good retail customers (MRR) from the current rate of 6.15% per annum. THE INTEREST RATE FOR GOOD LARGE CUSTOMERS IN THE TERM LOAN (MLR) CATEGORY FROM 5.75% PER ANNUM TO 6.00% P.A. AND THE INTEREST RATE FOR GOOD LARGE CUSTOMERS IN THE OVERDRAFT LOAN (MOR) CATEGORY FROM 5.90% P.A. TO 6.15% P.A. SPONSORED". managing director The Export-Import Bank of Thailand (EximBank) said eximbank would like to announce an increase in the loan rate from 5.75% per annum to 6.00% per annum effective from February 1, 2023. However, EximBank continues to assist its customers to adjust to rising interest rates and global economic challenges, while the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand (SMEB) has announced a 0.25% increase in the minimum loan rate (MLR) effective from January 25, 2023. As a result, mlr interest increased from 6.75% to 7.00% per annum. However, interest on other loans remained unchanged. In addition, the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) has announced a 0.125-0.25% interest rate hike effective from February 1, 2023, by increasing the MRR interest rate by 0.125%, resulting in an increase in the interest rate from 6.5% to 6.625%, now an increase in the interest rate of MLR by 0.25% from 4.875% to 5.125%, and an overdraft interest rate or MOR by 0.25% from 6.25% to 6.50%.
"Jurin" Chong, Minister of Green Light for Thai-EU FTA|Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce It was revealed after discussions with Mr. Valdis Dombrowskis. The Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Trade of the European Union (EU) during a visit to Brussels, Belgium on January 25, 2023, said it was a historic day for Thailand and the EU to negotiate a free trade agreement (FTA). For the first time, both political parties met and expressed a common intention to start FTA negotiations, with Thailand bringing in the Cabinet to approve the Thai-EU FTA negotiations, which are expected to be brought into the Cabinet within 2 weeks, while the Deputy Prime Minister and the EU Trade Minister will bring the results of the discussions to the 27 member states. The EU is Thailand's fourth trading partner after China, the U.S. and Japan. Trade between Thailand and the EU in 2022 amounted to USD 41,038 million, an increase of 2.87%. About 7% of global trade is considered an important trading partner, and Thailand's exports to the EU in 2022 amounted to U.S. $22,794 million (843,378 million baht), an increase. 5.17%.
MFC targets Thai stocks at 1,770-1,800 points. Travel brightly backed up|MFC Asset Management set the target for the THAI stock index at 1,770-1,800 points, with a lower range of 1,580 points. Mr. Thanachote Rungsitwat managing director Asset Management Company or Asset Management Company MFC Co., Ltd. said that investors have continued to invest in asset management companies, especially private funds, which have experienced high growth rates over the past three years. From 18 billion baht to 30 billion baht MFC's new fund will focus on alternative funds to investors after the recent issuance of more than 50 funds, with the company's recommended investments this year being investments in Asian stocks, particularly China, and investments in clean energy. We have now expanded our work to reach more investors through application development, including facilitating sales representatives and cell link agents to communicate more easily with a wide range of information. In addition, there is an opening of more independent agents for expansion, so we should grow well this year," said Mr. Chakrit Phakphan, Senior Vice President of MFC Asset Management, who said that the outlook for Thai stocks in 2023 is expected to grow better than last year due to economic growth of about 3.7% and the benefits of tourism improvement from the opening of China. Consumer stocks are the most interesting groups this year, such as BIGC CPALL. Meanwhile, bank stocks should be able to reinvest in the second half of this year and believe that they will perform better from now on. However, it remains to be seen whether the government will have a majority and stability, while this year's fund flow is expected to continue to flow into the Thai market from last year, but the amount may not reach 200 billion baht as in the previous year, since this year there are also markets in the same regions as Thailand that are more attractive, such as China and Vietnam, where Thai stocks will be in the middle with a forward P/E of 16.25 times. In addition, the issue of war will affect the price of oil. If the conflict becomes more serious too.
Gold prices today, January 27, 2023, opened Friday morning, fluctuating twice.|"Today's Gold Price" The "Gold Bullion" price was sold at 30,000 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,500 baht on January 27, 2023. Sell out baht 30,000 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,364.92 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,500 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,950 baht Sell out 15,000 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,682.46 baht Sell out 15,250 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,475 Baht Sell Out 7,500 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,341.23 Baht Sell Out 7,625 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,737.5 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,670.615 Baht Sell Out 3,812.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
50 organizations that young people want to work with Found "Google Thailand" stands for one.|WorkVenture reveals the results of the 50 organizations that young people want to work with the most. Top 3 Google Thailand Mr. Yens Pold, Chief Executive Officer of Workventure Technologies Co., Ltd., said that the Top 50 Employers in Thailand survey has been conducted since 2017. The survey was viewed 15 million times. In 2022, and this year is also the first year that awards have been presented to 50 organizations that have also been voted on for the latest survey, receiving resonance. This signals the needs of the younger generation towards employer organizations in two dimensions: employment experience or experience in joining the organization. The more talented candidates or talents the organization is, the better. Factors to attend the event will consist of 1. What is the employer's identity in the perception of the labor market and working people?2. The process of attending an event is more than an interview or signing an employment contract, which requires a positive experience from approaching, first seeing, recommending, inviting, attracting, persuading.3. Care to adaptation period Advance and grow with the organization The more it means to talent, the better. WorkVenture candidates suggest that it's not difficult to find corporate information these days. Because employers are increasingly turning to branding. More important than a job title The scope of work and the nature of the business, including returns and benefits. Information and stories of real work life in the organization will help candidates make better decisions about whether or not this is the right place to work. Sponsored for the top 10 employers in Thailand 2023 or the organizations that young people want to work with the most in 2023 are: 1. Google: Google Thailand is the number one for 3 consecutive years. In Thailand, there is a high rate of competition for work, partly because Google is known for its fun at work. Have the opportunity to work with friends from all over the world. There are opportunities to develop yourself quickly, and there are many benefits that sound and make your heart swell, such as traveling abroad. Courses and Google also provide employees with the opportunity to talk to senior management. It creates a feeling of intimacy and specialness. Thailand There is also comfort to serve the staff and a unique décor style. This is not surprising that Google has maintained its position as the no. 1 company that young Thais want to work with this year no. 2 LINE: LINE, one of the rising star companies that rose from no. 5 last year to no. 2 for LINE. An application with up to 50 million users in Thailand. Everyone is familiar with LINE because it is an application that allows people to communicate with each other no matter where they are in the world. Able to work, talk, send photos, play games, read news, and more. Working at LINE makes it easy for employees at all levels to talk to executives. Employees can work from anywhere to refresh and add work ideas, and benefits include free breakfast and lunch. There is a bedroom. Massage Room The games room has up to 15 annual holidays. The freshman staff are very welcoming and there is also a department that takes the happiness of the employees seriously. SCG: Thai Cement, also known as SCG, is a giant of Thailand and a leading group of companies in Thailand and the ASEAN region that has been in business for more than 100 years, achieving many successes both in Thailand and abroad. It is so famous for its staff care and welfare that people who have not finished school want to do internships here and work here today. SCG Flexible working hours by letting departments decide when to work or work from home. In addition, SCG cares about the health of its employees. There is a large fitness center with various classes. There is a doctor to check the health at the company. There are free medical benefits that include family members, a provident fund of up to 13%, and various benefits that meet the needs of lifestyles. Short Courses PTT: PTT is another giant company in Thailand that is famous for being a favorite of the new generation who are looking for a job, namely PTT, this year did not miss to be on the charts and still holds the top position. Ptt gives more every year. In addition, employees can reimburse for expenses related to learning or self-development as needed by SPONSORED. Fuel discounts that save employees a lot Apple: Apple, the global mobile leader with many technological devices that have won the hearts of all generations of people around the world, has made people look forward to the launch of Apple's technology every year. People are very interested in working at Apple. Apple says its strongest product could be Apple's own because it's the company's top choice for people around the world, including Thailand. It's known for caring about employees, giving them the opportunity to express their opinions, and no matter what position they work in, there's a chance that an employee's idea can become an Apple product. And the work here is also divided by expertise. There is an opportunity to work with really talented people, there is also a health protection plan. They also have the opportunity to take paid time off work if they need time to care for their newborn baby or a family member who is seriously ill. This is the 5th most wanted company in Thailand and 6th in Agoda: Agoda. Agoda is an online reservation provider and guarantees the cheapest room rates. Headquartered in Singapore and with several main offices including Bangkok, Agoda is a leading technology company that allows employees to work with talented foreigners. That's why there are hundreds of thousands of applicants here. It also allows employees to work from anywhere for up to 30 days, working from home, upcountry or abroad, and also receive discounts on accommodation and travel bookings. Whether it's a fitness class. Cut your glasses or go for a massage. There are also courses to help improve knowledge and offer discounts on restaurants. All of these things have made Agoda the talk of the no. 7 worker Mitr Phol: Mitr Phol Group. The world's third largest sugar producer There are factories both in Bangkok and upcountry, as well as abroad. In addition to the sugarcane and sugar business, there are other businesses that will give employees many opportunities to grow in the field as well as have the opportunity to work abroad. Mitr Phol is also famous for its work and has won many awards for its work for many years, which is a testament to being one of the hearts of working people. Mitr Phol's main office is located in the heart of Bangkok. Factories in upcountry are designed to protect the environment. Create sustainability The factory workers have housing benefits and food that saves money. Toyota Motor is another organization that is not only famous for outstanding products. But Toyota. Motor is also an employer brand that people dream of working with at the top level. With a unique corporate culture and benefits that take care of all groups of employees, employees are happy to share. WHETHER IT'S A HIGHER SALARY RATE THAN ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE SAME INDUSTRY, SPONSORED, AS WELL AS SEVERAL MONTHS OF ANNUAL BONUSES AWARDED TO EMPLOYEES. At present, Toyota Motor has adapted its work model to be flexible, and also offers health benefits that cover both employees and family members, as well as other non-monetary benefits such as fitness facilities. ThaiBev : ThaiBev is a well-known beverage manufacturer with both domestic and international production bases. It is a large organization in Thailand that creates pride for the people of the country. ThaiBev has its main office located in the heart of the city, convenient and beautiful. The organization celebrates providing unlimited opportunities to all its employees in the hope that they can grow to the fullest extent of their potential so that they are ready to grow and give others the opportunity. Here, training is appropriately allocated to employees. Able to grow in the profession with stability, receive fair remuneration and also have a job assessment according to international standards No. 10 BJC Big C : BJC Big C is very hot for BJC Group. Big C, an organization established for more than 140 years, manufactures and sells a full range of products and services from upstream, midstream and downstream. This year, the ranking jumped from 19th last year to 10th. Big C is to give importance to employees as family members and put employees at the heart of their work. This place focuses on teamwork so that employees have the opportunity to get to know each other more and also have the opportunity to move to other provinces or abroad. There is an application for time stamping in and out, just work 8 hours is enough, there is Work From Anywhere every Friday, employees can buy products at a special price and can grow in the organization to a high level. Let's just have the courage to present ourselves. Working in the BJC Group Big C It is as warm as working with family members, able to ask seniors or bosses in a friendly way. This is BJC's strength. Big C that makes the new generation interested.
AIS sends numerical experts to appease Sai Mu to open a new number|Auspicious Number Life-changing numbers 2023 AIS sends numerical experts to appease Sai Mu to open a new number Relocation of Mr. Pradhana Lealpanang AIS's Chief Customer Officer said that marketing Mongkol numbers is another strategy that will help create opportunities for new AIS customers. In order to use the information obtained to design products to meet the needs, AIS can deliver a variety of auspicious numbers through working with leading gurus who specialize in the science of numbers in the field of telephone numbers directly. The most suitable privileges, including the best service".
Thai stocks today, January 27, 2023, ended the morning up 8.04 points, the index was at 1,679 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 8.04 points at 1,679.38 points with a turnover of 30,149.60 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 5. J.M.T. Network Co., Ltd. Services Public Company Limited.
Environmental Activity Grouping Standards|Thananthorn Mahapornprajak, the Bank of Thailand, the National Bank, the SEC and related agencies have jointly prepared a standard for grouping economic activities that take into account the environment in the first phase. The hearing on the grouping standard has been open for a month since late December last year. Therefore, I would like to introduce you to the standard of grouping this activity on environmental issues, especially climate change, which is something that the world is aware of and valued, and the financial sector is one of the mechanisms that will help various sectors of the economy adapt to environmental sustainability trends. Through the function of intermediaries, allocate funds to the economy. however At present, each sector also has a different understanding of environmentally friendly activities. As a result, environmental operations may not be fully driven. This can lead to exaggerated claims that environmental action has already been taken, or inadequate allocation of funds to businesses that want to adapt, especially during transitions. Therefore, there is a need for a standard for grouping economic activities that take into account the environment that is the same definition. Business and financial sectors Have a consistent understanding and can be used as a referenceSPONSORED this activity grouping standard. It will define definitions, descriptions, conditions and indicators according to the list of economic activities to be a guide for all sectors to understand and evaluate whether and to what extent the activities are carried out with environmental and social responsibility. By developing a standard, the grouping of this activity takes into account the Thai context itself. At the same time, it is in line with international standards such as ASEAN and internationally recognized standards such as the European Union. In the grouping of economic activities, both the environmental objectives and the economic sectors to be carried out are taken into account. For the first dimension The first phase will start with the objective of reducing climate change, but the activities must not affect other environmental objectives. Such as sustainable use of resources and adaptation to a circular economy. Conservation of ecosystem biodiversity The economic dimension in the first phase will cover the energy and transportation sectors first, as it is the main economic sector that emits a high proportion of greenhouse gases and requires a lot of adaptation, and plans to expand the preparation to the manufacturing and agricultural sectors. Net greenhouse gas emissions are close to or equal to zero today. Yellow represents a group of activities that are in progress. No net greenhouse gas emissions are close to or equal to zero, but they can reduce the problem somewhat and improve it. While red represents an activity group that cannot be assessed as net greenhouse gas reduction friendly and does not meet the conditions and indicators for green or yellow activity, the implementation of this activity grouping standard will be in accordance with the Which various sectors can use as references both in policy formulation. This will allow each sector to assess the status of environmental actions and plan for transitional adaptation in accordance with the Thai context appropriately and promptly.
Bangkok Bank informs SET of Preedee Daochai Take the independent director's seat|Mr. Kobsak Phusong The Director and Secretary of Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 1/2023 held on January 26, 2023 approved the resolution. As follows: 1. Appoint Mr. Preedee Daochai as director. (Independent Director) instead of Mr. Piti Sittinuay 2. Appointment of Ms. Niraman Laisit As a Director (Executive Director) instead of Mr. Thaweelap The appointment is effective from January 26, 2023 onwards.
CHAYO points to bad debts after the end of government measures to help prepare to sell 2 large assets expected to realize revenue this year |Mr. Suksan Yossasin Chief Executive Officer of Chayo Group Public Company Limited (CHAYO) revealed to THAIRATHMoney that the company's bad debt purchase direction for management in 2023 is expected to have the opportunity to acquire debt worth more than 10 billion baht. As a result, the direction of bad debt in the system increased with the end of the government assistance program. "Signs of bad debt in the system in 2023, we estimate that there will be an increase, starting from June last year when the government ended its debtor assistance measures. In June 2022, bad debt in the system began to increase. However, at the end of the year, the bank sold off npl debt. The company acquired more than 124 billion baht of secured debt last year. In terms of the company's business in 2023, it is expected to grow in all aspects, including the debt collection management business, which has grown well since September 2022 to the present. In addition, the company will manage two large secured assets, with progress being negotiated. This is expected to be seen in the second or third quarter of this year. Whether or not seeking financing during the interest rate hike will affect the company's financing. Personally, I think that finding financing in all market conditions, whether it is rising interest or falling interest, has the same problem, but we have to manage it. No problem whatsoever. Krungsri Securities assessed that CHAYO operates a non-performing asset management business, including providing non-performing debt collection and collection services. This is based on data from 2014 (after the company has seriously focused on the business of managing non-performing assets). The company has continued to grow in both revenue and net operating profit. Krungsri Asset Management expects normal profit in 2022 to increase by 7% to Baht 233 million, with fourth quarter profit of Baht 68 million. The company increased 89% from the previous quarter due to better debt collection after the opening of the city, while 2023 profit is expected to grow by more than 45% to 338 million baht. The company aims for 2023-2024 revenue growth of 20-25% per year, 2 the economy is recovering, helping debtors to start to repay their debts, including paying back more debts because they want to have the ability to borrow money to do business back to normal, and 3. The issuance of 1.8 billion baht of debentures last year increases the ability to buy debts to manage.
True joins hands with partners to deliver UP2U internet expansion packs to increase benefits for customers|TRUE joins hands with partners to send UP2U internet expansion packs to increase benefits for customers Meet every lifestyle Apply for both prepaid and postpaid customers on January 27, 2023. True Corporation Co., Ltd., Group Chief Commercial Officer, said that True Group has used data for in-depth analysis to understand the diverse needs of customers' daily lifestyles. The latest up2U has created UP2U, upnet true without interruption, lifestyle up-and-pull lifestyle for the first time with internet expansion pack. A new style that complements every lifestyle that customers can choose. We would like to thank our partners for providing prepaid and postpaid benefits. Just sign up for up2U add-on package for 200 baht per month, get 10GB of full-speed data and get free benefits or cash coupons up to 200 baht from partners including Minor Group, McDonald's, Major. Cineplex Group, Sephora, ZEPETO PUBG True Coffee and FWD Life Insurance can easily apply for the UP2U internet add-on pack. 3 channels: 1. Apply in person via USSD, select the package as desired, 2. Apply via True iService, True Money, TrueID application, and 3. True Shop at all participating True branches and True dealers from now until May 31, 2023. Chief Marketing Officer Major Companies Cineplex Group Public Company Limited or MAJOR said: Cineplex has joined forces with True. Meet the needs of teens for students Students who apply for you movies add-on package pay monthly payment of 200 baht per month will receive 10GB of full speed data from True and also receive special privileges from Major to use the M Pass for free. Cineplex Mr. Krisda Boonchaiya Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, McThai Co., Ltd., said that Gen-Z Group now plays an important role and has an increasing share in the market. Therefore, McDonald's is constantly developing various types of products and services, including consumer insight education, in order to meet the needs and reach the hearts of this large group of consumers, whether it is the use of social media in various platforms as a medium of communication, content design including video clips, images and text that have interesting content to reach Gen-Z, and the use of technology to improve services such as My McDonald's (GMA Lite) application, which is another channel for brands to reach and communicate with the new generation of consumers. By updating news, promotions and various E-coupon privileges, we also offer Selfordering Kiosk (SOK) service to increase the convenience and speed of in-store services. Students and First Jobbers can sit and read books, work, and have meetings comfortably. Mr. Sarunyu Leelayuthyothin, Product Manager, PUBG MOBILE, said that it is an honor and pleasure to collaborate with True to launch a joint package in the Up2U Up Speed Up Life style campaign at PUBG MOBILE. We have brought a lot of special items for pubg mobile girlfriends to collect throughout the year for 12 months, and the items change every month, making the package variety interesting. Kham powder Marketing Manager True Coffee said that we are ready to offer a cash coupon worth 200 baht for True customers who subscribe to the Up2U packet. It's not a drink, it's a bakery. Food or other products can be used. True Coffee has branches in the heart of Siam or many branches in universities, where you can apply for a packet and use it at a convenient True Coffee branch. Managing Director of Marketing Sephora (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (SEPHORA) says that we are a global leader in retail covering both online and offline channels. We are pleased to partner with the UP2U campaign to present the UP2U brand. Exclusive at Sephora alone, sponsored by Fenty Beauty, Huda Rare Beauty, Tarte Cosmetics, Nudestix and many other brands to meet the lifestyle of modern customers and inspire customers to experience health and beauty products from brand partners around the world who have been selected to choose the best for Mrs. Nongchanok Satthanont. General Manager of The Coffee Club, under the operation of The Minor Food Group Public Company Limited, said Minor Food Group is one of the largest restaurant operators in Asia. We are delighted to join forces with True through this UP2U campaign. A cash discount coupon worth THB 200 can be used at 8 minor food brands including The Pizza Company, The Coffee Club, Sizzler, Bonchon, Burger King, Swensen's, Dairy Queen and Poulet. A leading restaurant brand that everyone knows well. Meet the needs of consumers of all ages, covering all groups.
Thai stocks today, January 27, 2023, ended the afternoon up 9.96 points, the index was at 1,681 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon session, the index was up 9.96 to 1,681.30. Turnover 57,796.80 On January 27, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 9.96, a change of 0.60%, to 1,681.30. The index peaked at 1,683.77. Lowest Index 1,670.91 The turnover was 57,796.80 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. CP All Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited.
Tesla 4Q22 performance was better than expected, earning - highest net profit since the company's inception. |Tesla Reported fourth quarter 2022 results with revenue of $24.32 billion That's up 37% from the same period last year, beating the average forecast of $24.16 billion. In addition, earnings per share increased to $1.9 from a forecast of $1.3, bringing the company's total revenue in the fourth quarter. Operating income and net profit were the highest since the company's inception in terms of automotive sales revenue of $21.3 billion. This is an increase of 33% compared to the same period last year. The increase in vehicle production totaled 439,701, up from the same period last year. 44%reports the value of digital assets in Tesla's fourth quarter It currently stands at $184 million. The company also disclosed its financial statements in 2023 that Tesla plans to step up production costs and focus on increasing production capacity. The latter is still nearly twice the amount of capacity available as the progress of electric pickup trucks. Cybertruck is in the process of starting production. The new model is under development and more details will be revealed to investors in March. On the Nasdaq, on January 28, the price closed at $179.74/share. This is an increase of 65.64% from January 3, 2023, when the price closed at $108.51. 
Foreign businesses, lure money-sucking apps!|Mr. Thapapol Thangsubutr Director General, Department of Business Development He said the victims and victims have now contacted the department. In the case of fraudsters pretending to be department officials, they are asked to update juristic person information by using a trick to download a fake LINE application to fill in personal information such as ID card, email, date of birth, address and credit card information, etc. Using the same deceptive trick, but in English form. It is very damaging to the image of the country and can affect the investment confidence of foreign businessmen. THEREFORE, THE DEPARTMENT HAS SET UP A "WORKING GROUP OF THE ANTI-FAKE NEWS CENTER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT" TO RECEIVE REPORTS AND TO SUBMIT THE AVAILABLE EVIDENCE TO THE POLICE TO FILE A COMPLAINT AGAINST ALL FRAUDSTERS WHO USE THE NAME AND LOGO OF THE DEPARTMENT AS A GOVERNMENT AGENCY TO DECEIVE THE PUBLIC.
The economy grew little but GDP increased a lot. The Treasury forecasts a value of 18.67 trillion baht this year.|Treasury flags 2023 GDP growth of 3.8% from 27.5 million tourists While GDP grew 3% in 2019, down from the forecast of 3.2%, the treasury was fluffy despite the small economic growth, but the country's GDP continued to increase from 16.90 trillion baht in 2019. In 2022, it is 17.40 trillion baht and this year it is expected to be 18.67 trillion baht. The Ministry of Finance has estimated thailand's economic growth in 2023 to expand by 3.8% and the total gross domestic product (GDP) value at 18.67 trillion baht. The forecast period is 3.3-4.3% as the tourism sector and business continuity recover. With 27.5 million tourists entering the country. 147% year-on-year increase Meanwhile, merchandise exports will slow down in line with signs of a slowdown in the global economy and major trading partners, with exports in U.S. dollars expanding by 0.4% under the forecast range of -0.1 -0.9%. It is expected to expand by 3.5% in line with rising public income. Private investment grew by 3.6% as domestic economic sentiment improved. In terms of domestic stability. Headline inflation will be 2.8%, adjusting to the inflation target range of 1.0-3.0% due to lower global energy prices. THE CURRENT ACCOUNT SURPLUS WILL RETURN TO A SURPLUS OF 3.1 BILLION USD OR 0.5% OF GDP"THE 2023 ESTIMATE IS BASED ON THE ASSUMPTION OF 27.5 MILLION FOREIGN TOURISTS, AN AVERAGE EXCHANGE RATE OF 32.50 BAHT PER U.S. DOLLAR, DUBAI CRUDE OIL PRICE OF 85 USD PER BARREL, EXPORTS EXPANDING 5.3%, INFLATION 2.8%. The GDP value is also increasing, with 2022 at 17.40 trillion baht." The positive factor is that tourism has a greater chance of recovery than expected, especially for Chinese and Russian tourists. Risk factors include: 1. Signs of a slowdown in the global economy and volatility of global financial markets. This is due to the tightening monetary policy of major trading partners, especially the United States and the European Union. 2.Global geopolitical risks in different regions or political conflicts of many countries This can affect international security and various inputs. 3. China's economic recovery under the COVID-19 crisis, Mr. Pornchai said that for the Thai economy in 2022, the overall growth was 3.0%, with a GDP value of 17.40 trillion baht. This was due to a sharp contraction in exports in the last quarter of 2022, while the tourism and business continuity sectors recovered and inflation eased, said Mr. Wuttipong Jittangsakul, economic and fiscal adviser. Jan 2023 across all regions of the country The increase continued to increase, supported by an increase in the number of foreign tourists, including Thais visiting Thailand. As a result, the regional economy continued to improve. Director of Macroeconomic Policy Division discusses monthly fiscal conditions Dec 2022: Economic indicators of private consumption Consumption in the durable goods category, reflected by passenger car sales and newly registered motorcycles, fell by -22.6% and -0.2%, respectively, as well as VAT collection, down from -9.8% y/y. However, the consumer confidence index rose to 49.7 from 47.9 in the previous month, the seventh consecutive month of increase and the highest in 25 months. After the tourism recovery, it became more apparent. In addition, real farm income increased by 7.3% y/y, while the value of merchandise exports decreased from the same period last year due to the slowdown in trading partners' economies. As a result, Thai exports decreased, such as computers. Automobiles and oil-related goods However, exports continued to expand, including chilled, frozen chicken and fresh fruits, chilled, frozen and dried, among others.
Gold price today last 28 Jan 23 Open Saturday morning. No increase, no decrease.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Saturday morning, January 28, 2023, the price is fixed for the price of "gold bullion", sold out at 29,950 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,450 baht per baht. On January 28, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.17 a.m. Sold out thb 29,950 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,319.44 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,450 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,925 baht Sell out 14,975 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,659.72 baht Sell out 15,225 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,462.5 Baht Sell Out 7,487.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,329.86 Baht Sell Out 7,612.5 Baht Gold price today 1/2 shilling Gold bullion 1/2 shilling Buy 3,731.25 baht Sell out 3,743.75 baht Gold jewelry 1/2 shilling Buy 3,664.93 baht Sell out 3,806.25 baht However, the price does not include gold, the price may change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Electricity bills hit 5.24 baht May 2016|The MINISTRY pointed to the next monthly electricity bill. May-Aug 2023 Households paid an additional 5.24 baht per unit. If the state does not require a separate 2 price as it is now. Gulf of Thailand natural gas is expected to enter the system as planned by the end of this year to early next year if LNG prices fall. Electricity bills are likely to decrease. Spokesperson for the Energy Regulatory Commission Revealed that the It is gathering factors that affect the cost of electricity generation, including the price of natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG), Natural gas capacity from the Gulf of Thailand, baht rate, electricity demand and various factors that have changed from the assumptions. For consideration in calculating the cost of electricity for the month. May-Aug 2023"If various assumptions Unchanged from the previous forecast The country's electricity bill is at 5.2407 baht per unit, which is the same rate for the whole country. If the government does not have a policy to require the KGB to calculate the electricity tariff in 2 groups as the monthly period. Jan-Apr". In the short term, the chances of seeing this year's tariff return to below 4 baht per unit would be difficult as natural gas production capacity in the Gulf of Thailand is not going as planned. In addition, energy prices remained stable in an upward direction, but if gas production from the Gulf of Thailand increases and LNG prices weaken, it is cyclical and Thai importers can negotiate with producers to reduce them. IN THE PAST, THE GOVERNMENT HAS A POLICY TO DIVIDE THE ELECTRICITY TARIFF INTO 2 GROUPS, NAMELY RESIDENTIAL ELECTRICITY USERS WITH AN AVERAGE RATE OF 4.7176 BAHT PER UNIT AND OTHER TYPES OF ELECTRICITY USERS (NON-RESIDENTIAL HOMES) WITH AN AVERAGE RATE OF 5.3325 BAHT PER UNIT. In the next phase, it will aim to create mechanisms to increase competition in energy businesses, including natural gas businesses, which may be restructured. Support competition while maintaining energy security Ready to support the use of green energy at an acceptable price. Arming private entrepreneurs in the international trade and investment arena for the urgent term. The MINISTRY continues to focus on alternative fuels such as oil, hydropower and renewable energy to replace expensive LNG imports in the short term. Meet the needs of the international private sector of trade and investment who want to buy and obtain certification for electricity consumption. From clean energy to reducing trade barriers and investment from cross-border carbon tax (CBAM) measures. Other trade and investment barriers are also one of the key mechanisms, namely the Green Tariff, which is designed to allow the sale of electricity with a certificate (Rec) that can identify the source of electricity to facilitate the industrial sector that wants to use green electricity. Without investing in building a power plant and cumbersome with the process. Green Tariff is currently popular and is now available in many developed countries.
Commercial banks gradually raise interest rates on deposits and interest on loans according to the MPC.|Commercial banks, led by KBank, Siam Commercial Bank and Bangkok, gradually raised interest rates on deposits and interest on loans according to the MPC on January 27, 2023. Reporters reported that commercial banks have gradually raised deposit and loan rates after the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) issued a statement. Resolved to raise the policy rate by 0.25% per annum. The bank and state financial institutions also raised interest rates on January 26, 2023. KBank's Managing Director said that the Bank has raised the fixed deposit rate by 0.10%-0.25% and is concerned about retail customers and small entrepreneurs. The company will gradually raise the lending rate for retail customers by only 0.10% and adjust the interest rate for other types of loans according to the details, effective on January 30, 2023. - Interest rate for good large customers in term loans or MLR adjusted from 6.37% to 6.57%- Interest rate for good large customers in overdraft or MOR category adjusted from 6.74% to 6.89%- Interest rate for good retail customers or MRR increased from 6.50% to 6.60%SPONSORED Siam Commercial Bank raised the interest rate of Mr. Kris. Channotok Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited (SCB) Chief Executive Officer Said that the Thai economy is likely to recover gradually. This is coupled with inflation that remains high. As a result, the policy rate remains on an upward trend. As a result, the cost of the banking system tends to rise accordingly. However, in order to alleviate the interest burden of loan customers, the Bank has agreed to raise the MLR MOR and MRR rates by 0.10%-0.20% per annum. - Interest rate on good retail customer loans or MLR from the current 6.520% to 6.620% p.a. - Interest rate charged to good large customers or MOR from the current 6.150% to 6.350% p.a. - Interest rate charged to good large customers in the overdraft category or MRR from the current 6. In order to promote long-term savings and increase the income of depositors, according to the policy rate hike, the Bank has announced on its website that it will increase the interest rate on deposits and loan interest with effect today and details are as follows: - Interest rate on good term loans or MLR from 6.25% to 6.45% per annum - Overdraft rate or MOR from 6.75% to 6.90% per annum - Interest rate for good retail customers or MRR from 6.65% to 6.80% per annum for savings deposits from 0.45% to 0.50% and interest on 3 and 6 months fixed deposits from 0.60% to 0.75% and fixed deposits from 0.45% to 0.25% and fixed deposits from 0.45% to 0.25% and fixed deposits for 12, 24 and 36 months by 0.25%.
500,000 Thais join to solve traffic debt, the amount of debt is about 20,000-30,000 million baht.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that from the "Debt Resolution Fair, There is a Debt Must Be Solved, Start Again Sustainably", a total of 5 times, approximately 500,000 people registered to solve debts, with a debt balance of approximately 20,000-30,000 million baht. In accordance with the government's policy to designate 2022 as the year of solving household debt, "In the past 2 years, the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in Europe has affected energy costs, financial costs, skyrocketing, inflation, high interest costs, household debt, and public debt has skyrocketed by 89%. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) and the Association of State Financial Institutions held five events in Bangkok, Khon Kaen, Chiang Mai, Chonburi and Songkhla. If the results are good and there are still people who want to consult on debt resolution, there may be another debt resolution event. If people want to consult debt resolution, they can contact the branch of the creditor financial institution first to resolve the debt issue.
The plan to promote EVs stumbled. The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Industry disagreed.|Reporters reported from the Ministry of Finance that measures to promote the use of electric vehicles (EVs) in Thailand are currently delayed. In particular, the establishment of electric vehicle and battery manufacturing plants in Thailand, as the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Industry still have different opinions. The Ministry of Industry wants battery manufacturers to Set up a battery manufacturing plant in Thailand first, so that it will receive support from the government. The first phase encourages imports by reducing the excise tax on electric vehicle batteries to 0% from the current 8%, and measures to provide direct subsidies to each electric vehicle battery. Batteries that can emit high electricity will receive more subsidies than lower electricity discharges to keep the price of electric vehicle batteries lower. However, the price of electric vehicle batteries accounts for more than 50% of the price of a whole electric car. If people want to buy electric cars, they must also reduce the tax on electric batteries. Importers of electric vehicle batteries receive benefits from that state. In the 3rd year of the measure, domestic batteries must be produced, which is 2 times the previous imports, and in the 4th year, the production must be increased to 3 times.
Treasury flips the horse account textbook, orders the S.E.C. to find a way to loosen the law, freeze the transfer money.|Mr. Kritsada Gina criticized. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance It said it had instructed the Office of Fiscal Policy (FISC) to study the details of all financial institution laws. To find ways to help people. In case of being a victim of fraudsters tricking them into transferring money to a horse account, including transferring the wrong account, is there any way to freeze the amount transferred beforehand? In case the customer or the public is deceived. You can verify your identity and prove that you are the owner of the account. Nowadays, when they know that they have been tricked into transferring money. The account holder must report to the bank before the bank can take action. Before the completion of the notification process, the money had already been transferred so many times that no action could be taken. Therefore, if there is any way to help urgently by suspending the transfer amount only, then ask the EEC to study in detail and consult closely with the Bank of Thailand (BOT) and state financial institutions to prevent damage and help people who have been scammed. This is a gap in this regard, but I understand that financial institutions may be afraid of customers who receive money to sue because there is no evidence yet. However, when a customer calls to report that they have been cheated or misled. If it is proved that the person who called to inform is the real owner of the account, it is likely that the funds contained in the destination account will be withheld. In only the stated section. I THINK IT SHOULD BE DONE TO PREVENT DAMAGE, BUT WE HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY AGAIN TO SEE IF IT CAN BE DONE."
Innobic surges revenues, accelerates construction of pharmaceutical precursor plant|Mr. Buranin Rattanasombat Chief Operating Officer, New Business and Infrastructure PTT Public Company Limited and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Innobic (Asia) Co., Ltd. revealed that Innobic (Asia) was established 2 years ago from a registered capital of 300 million baht, which has now expanded to 13,000 million baht. Innobic remains committed to three main business areas: 1. Pharmaceutical Business, 2. Medical Technology, and 3. Latest Nutrition Business. The pharmaceutical business is now considered quite successful. The company has invested 37% or 6,000 million baht in Lotus Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in Taiwan, which currently sells medicines worldwide. In Asia, sales are 6-7% less than those sold in the European Union (EU) and the U.S. "Drugs sold are considered cancer-related drugs, with sales continuing to increase, with sales at 15 billion baht last year and a profit of nearly 2 billion baht. As a result, the pharmaceutical business performance was very good, resulting in an overall innobic year. 2022 is already profitable. For the progress of the establishment of an anti-cancer drug manufacturing plant at Innobic in collaboration with the Pharmaceutical Organization (FDA), the precursor plant (API) will conclude its investment within the first quarter and expects to use the investment in the first phase of 1,300 million baht and will take 3 years to complete the construction and the registration period of the drug.
JD CENTRAL announces the closure of the platform, suspended from March 3, 2023|JD CENTRAL announces the closure of its e-commerce platform, which will be closed from March 3, 2023. In the Official Store 15 section 30 Jan 23 JD CENTRAL, an e-commerce platform formed by the collaboration of two retail giants Central Group Co., Ltd. (Central Group) and JD.com (JD.com) from China, announced via Facebook that "JD CENTRAL" will stop providing platform services from March 3, 2023 onwards by ordering products. The JD CENTRAL platform (other stores) will close the order at 11:59 p.m. on March 3, 2023, while JD CENTRAL shipping will fulfill completed orders before and by March 3, 2023. Customer Services will continue to provide after-sales service for completed orders until March 31, 2023 from 09:00 a.m. – 06:00 p.m. through the following channels: In accordance with the brand policy and Thai law for customers with discount coupons and JD POINTS (JD POINTS), it will be valid until 11:59 p.m. on March 3, 202 JD.com 3. JD CENTRAL would like to thank all our customers, partners, partners and employees for their continued support and have been a part of our journey over the years.
Thai stocks today, January 30, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 0.44 points, the index was at 1,680 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 0.44 points at 1,680.86 points with a turnover of 30,058.43 million baht. The index was at 1,680.86. The turnover was 30,058.43 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Banpu Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
Baidu, the legendary Chinese search engine, is set to release a chatbot similar to ChatGPT in March.|Baidu, China's number one search engine Baidu's chatbot is planning to launch in March, the same format as OpenAI's ChatGPT, released in November last year. Chinese chatbots focus on user interaction rather than as a professional tool. However, the company has invested over a billion dollars in research to develop AI for many years, an attempt to transform its strengths from online marketing with advanced technology development.
Thai stocks today, January 30, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 0.08 points, the index was at 1,681 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was down 0.08 points at 1,681.22 points with a turnover of 54,952.17 million baht. The index was at 1,681.22. The index peaked at 1,685.24. The index is at a low of 1,676.51. The turnover was 54,952.17 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Banpu Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited.
Gold price today last 30 Jan 23 opened the market, discounted 50 gold jewelry, sold out 30,400 baht per baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The "Gold Bullion" price was sold at 29,900 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,400 baht on January 30, 2023. 258.80 baht sell out 30,400 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 14,900 baht sell out 14,950 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 14,629.4 baht sell out 15,200 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion 1 shilling buy 7,450 baht sell out 7,475 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,314.7 baht sell out 7,600 baht gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,725 baht sell out 3,737.50 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,657.35 baht sell out 3,800 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Compare 5 popular platforms How long does it take to reach 10 million users?|Technology Company Platform Business The company has to dedicate both time and resources to building a strong user base that reflects the popularity and growth of the platform. Therefore, it is not uncommon for the number of users on the platform of the world's largest technology companies. It will increase rapidly within a few years, but the excitement. This has put tech giants on alert again. With the growth of ChatGPT lasting just a few days reaching millions of users in the blink of an eye, Thairath Money will compare the growth in terms of usage of each platform.1.Facebook The world's most used social media platform Launched in 2004, a key factor in the platform's success was Mark Zuckerberg's timing and foresight, who wanted to create a social media platform that was accessible to everyone and useful in everyday life. The key idea is to connect users and social groups of real-life users. Unlike social media at the time, which focused on users to rebuild their presence to meet new people.sponsored2.WhatsApp, the most popular chat platform in America. Launched in 2009, the platform's strength is that it is accessible to users all over the world and is growing rapidly. With monthly active users reaching 10 million within three years, it caught the eye of tech giant Facebook, which acquired the business in 2014 for over $19 billion. Analysts see the growth of WhatsApp as an indirect competitor to Messenger, facebook-affiliated chat platform. A video streaming platform that radically changes people's media viewing habits. Starting in 1998, its main business was DVD rental, and in 2007 launched a video streaming platform called Watch Now. At the time, Netflix was the only one that offered unlimited video streaming and DVD rental services for as little as $10, a business model that offered cheaper entertainment options to embrace the future of internet growth while maintaining its existing customer base. In 2009, the number of subscribers surpassed 10 million.4.Instagram, a social media with the feature of sharing media, allows users to upload photos and videos and share them to form a community. It was launched in 2010 and had 10 million active users in 2011. Integrating social media features with photo editing apps Users can compose photos and videos with Instagram filters while uploading images to share moments with followers or friends anytime, anywhere, and with Instragram's rapid popularity heating up, Facebook invested more than $1 billion in acquisitions in 2012. Smart chatbots that can interact with humans naturally. Launched in November 2022, just five days after opening, it has reached 1 million users, and the latest data from the Similar Web reveals 10 million active daily users. In just 40 days. Other platforms spend a year trying to get a catalyst for popularity: AI's ability to process data and interact with humans. In addition to being compared to media play from the media to google search engines, there is a growing demand for experiments. This rapid growth wasn't ChatGPT that was just going to be the first platform, but actually back in 2011 when Google launched social media platform Google Plus, built to knock out competitors like Facebook at the time. Just 16 days after its launch, it surpassed 10 million users, but has steadily declined in user traffic, trying to establish itself as a social media hub that combines all features into one platform, making no difference from its competitors. There are also too many user interfaces that look like they're putting more products into the user's hands than necessary. This does not meet the real needs. This is one of the reasons why Google Plus shut down in 2019SPONSORED. The benefits that users receive are the main factors that contribute to the growth of those platforms, while monetization models and their use to increase business efficiency are important factors in attracting investments, both of which must be in the same direction and in parallel with wired , theguardian , reuters , cnet , mastories , investopedia. 
New State Welfare Card It is open to registrants to check their eligibility through 3 channels.|Registrants of the new "State Welfare Card" in 2022 can check the results of eligibility through 3 channels. Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, director of the Office of Fiscal Economics, as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance, revealed that the State Welfare Registration Program (Registration Program) in 2022, the Ministry of Finance has received the results of qualification checks from 46 qualification checking units, such as the Revenue Department, social security offices, commercial banks and specialized financial institutions (SFIs), etc. The 2022 registration program eligibility verification process is more comprehensive and more detailed than the registration program. In the past, family criteria were used to consider only individual criteria, with family referring to the registrant. In addition, this time, the qualifications for the individual criteria such as having a credit card and the debt burden of the registrant will be checked. If the registrant has passed the individual criteria, the eligibility of spouse and children up to 18 years of age (if any) will be checked according to the family criteria at the next stage. If the registrant is found not to have passed the family criteria, the registrant will be deemed ineligible and the registrant will not be eligible under the 2022 Registration Program. By updating the database of eligible candidates, which will help to maximize the effectiveness of the budget, sponsored for the announcement of the 2022 registration program results, there are 3 channels to check the results of eligibility considerations. As follows:1. Registrants can check the results of the eligibility examination by themselves via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th2. The registrant can check the results of the qualification through the 7 registration agencies, namely the Government Savings Bank, the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited (Krung Thai Bank) Provincial Treasury Office, District Office Bangkok District Office and Pattaya City Hall 3. After the announcement of the results of the qualification check, the registrants who meet the qualifications under the 2022 registration program must verify their identity at the bank as specified by the Ministry of Finance, namely Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited. From the date of the announcement of the results of the qualification check, the right to use the benefits through the Smart Card will be used. To receive other benefits in the future. Those who have a state welfare card currently using the state welfare card will be able to use the state welfare card until the last day of the month before the start of the 2022 registration program. The government continues to take into account the benefits necessary for the livelihood of low-income people, such as consumption costs. Travel expenses, utilities, etc.
"Sansiri" wades into 52 new projects The total value is 75 billion.|Mr. Setha Thaweesin President & CEO Sansiri Public Company Limited Sansiri said this year it will go full steam ahead with plans to launch 52 new projects. The total value is 75,000 million baht. It smashed the record for the highest opening value on record. There are 30 low-rise projects and 22 condominium projects with sales target of 55,000 million baht this year. Total revenue target of 40,000 million baht Record highs, including net profit targets, will break the all-time high since the company's inception. There will also be continued penetration in provincial markets in 6 provinces, namely Hua Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan, Phuket, Chiang Mai, Hat Yai, Songkhla, Khon Kaen and Chonburi. For the international market, the company has set a strategy to expand its business fully. Supporting economic recovery Reinforcing the number one Thai real estate brand in the international market with a sales target of 12,000 million baht. Will penetrate cambodia, laos, myanmar, vietnam to expand the market from China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Russia. SANSIRI ALREADY HAS AN INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMER BASE IN THIS GROUP"LAST YEAR WAS THE FIRST YEAR THAT WE STARTED TO SEE A CLEAR RECOVERY IN THE THAI ECONOMY. After COVID-19 An important factor comes from getting vaccinated. As a result, economic activity has resumed at full capacity, including the opening of tourists, although the recovery has not been fully realized. As a result, there are both business opportunities and risk factors that need to be monitored and prepared for many issues, but there are still total sales of 50 billion baht."
Discuss the formula for calculating the new electricity bill.|Mr. Isares Rattanadilok, Vice Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) On January 31, the Electricity Bills Working Group of the 3 Private Sector Joint Committees consisted of: The Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce and the Thai Bankers Association will discuss the matter with the Secretary-General of the Office of the Energy Regulatory Commission ,the Office of Energy Policy and Planning and the Department of Natural Fuels. To find a solution to the problem of expensive electricity bills in Thailand. This delves into the automatic variable electricity charge (FT) calculation. For the rest of this year or from the monthly period May-December 2023 for new monthly FT May-Aug 2023 stated that if various assumptions Unchanged from the previous forecast The electricity cost of 5.2407 baht per unit is too high. It should not exceed 5 baht per unit because the situation of various factors is much better than before, such as natural gas in the Gulf of Thailand. Increase from 200 million cubic meters (MB) As a result, imports decreased, the baht strengthened to 32 baht per U.S. dollar from 37 baht per U.S. dollar, making the cost cheaper, liquefied natural gas (LNG) price to $20 per million BTU from $50 per million BTU. A spokesman for the Ministry of Energy said some asean electricity bills were newsworthy. There is a wide variety of user types, consumption and time periods that are the result of different factors with Thailand, such as infrastructure availability, electrical system stability, resources in the country where electricity is produced, and government policies. It was found that Thailand has a quality index of electricity services that is several times better than the ASEAN average. "Both the quality of service and the proportion of fuel in electricity generation are important factors that cause the cost of electricity to vary from country to country. Vietnam's case has been discussed as the main proportion of electricity generated from coal. The cost of natural gas is lower than the natural gas used mainly by Thailand, and the price of natural gas in the world market last year was much higher." As for the news that Vietnam's electricity bills have fallen as a result of the calculation of the baht that is now strengthening.
Teeth of traders breaking contracts to resell and lift books, lottery offices disqualify a major disqualification.|Lt. Col. Director of the Government Lottery Office The company said this week it will announce the disqualification of the list of eligible buyers and lottery dealers for the first time in 2023. More than 10,000 people are expected to be disqualified. Quota dealers who are individuals and juristic persons are the result of non-performance of contracts because they sub-sell tickets, fork copies until they are traded profitably and oversold. When the results are announced, the next installment will be disqualified immediately"It is not possible to specify that the tickets that have already been disqualified and returned to the system will be put into the digital lottery system or open for purchase, must discuss in detail first, expecting more than 5 million tickets to be returned if more than 10,000 people are disqualified, because each person is entitled to 5 tickets.
Keep it up! The bill to step on the land "Pipat" Chong, the minister next week, pushed to use it in the middle of this year.|"Pipat" prepares to brew. Next week, the green light will cost 300 baht per person by air and 150 baht per person by land and water. More than 30 million foreign tourists are expected to visit Thailand. It generated record revenue of 3 trillion baht in 2019, but the entire tourism system still lacks 5.6 lakh workers. Minister of Tourism and Sports It was revealed after the Meeting of the National Tourism Policy Committee (NTC) that the meeting concluded the collection of domestic tourism fees for foreign tourists B.E. ... 2. Land and water fee collection and prepare to propose to the Cabinet meeting next week If there are no objections or additional orders from the Cabinet, the Ministry of Tourism will publish the draft in accordance with the procedures of the law so that the fee collection will take effect as scheduled, i.e. mid-202020. Foreign tourists entering Thailand by aircraft A fee of THB 300 per person per time is payable except for Thai passport holders. Aircraft controllers and officers Infants and children up to 2 years old and other persons as specified by the Board of Directors shall be charged by the airline in conjunction with the fare and the fee shall be shown on the ticket or other document. The rate is 150 baht per person per time for tourists entering the city using a passport. Temporary Border Pass Holders Civil servants who have to travel in and out, and workers who travel on a day trip. The Chairman of the Tourism Industry Council of Thailand (TAT) said that in 2023, the Tourism Industry Council of Thailand (TAT) has set a target of more than 30 million foreign tourists entering Thailand. Total revenue from both domestic and international markets exceeded 3 trillion baht, which was achieved in 2019 before the COVID-19 crisis. Strengthening entrepreneurs' ability to welcome tourists At present, most entrepreneurs are still traumatized, lack of liquidity, lack of knowledge, lack of modern marketing techniques, and lack of personnel. Miss PAKAKARN THEPRAK A lecturer at the Faculty of Arts, Rajamangala University of Technology Srivichai said that the tourism confidence index in 4Q22 was at 72, reflecting the improvement in the tourism situation than in 3Q22 and continued to recover, while in 1Q23, the situation is expected to improve, with an index value of 77. Spa and Thai massage business There is the largest increase in employment plans, followed by entertainment venues. It also found that most establishments solve labor shortages by increasing working hours, raising salaries, or hiring overtime (OT). Some establishments hire freelancers or pull employees from other places with higher pay or better benefits. However, almost all types of establishments There are plans to raise prices for goods and services in 1Q23, with restaurants planning to raise prices the most. Followed by a tour business, while Mr. Sitiwat Chitratanaporn The President of the Thai Tourism Association (ATTA) said that the target of 30 million foreign tourists is possible, but all sectors must help each other. China Market Segment COVID-19 The estimate of the number of Chinese tourists must be looked at quarterly, but more are expected to come to Thailand in the third quarter of this year.
Gold price today, 31 January 2023, opened on Tuesday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opened on Tuesday morning, January 31, 2023, the price increased by 50 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 29,900 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,400 baht per baht. On January 31, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the price of Thai gold today, the 1st time at 09.28 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,800 baht per baht. Sell out thb 29,900 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,258.80 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,400 Gold Price Today 2 Shillings 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 14,900 Baht Sell Out 14,950 Baht Gold 2 Shillings Buy 14,629.4 Baht Sell Out 15,200 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Slung Gold Bullion 1 Slung Buy 7,450 Baht Sell Out 7,475 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,314.7 Baht Sell Out 7,600 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,725 Baht Sell Out 3,737.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,657.35 Baht Sell Out 3,800 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
KBank Leasing develops an app for customers to apply for a car loan immediately. Pilot with a Tesla car|KBank Leasing develops an app for customers to apply for a car loan and EVs to know the loan approval results in real time. Mr. Theerachart Jirajarasporn, Managing Director of KBank Leasing Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Kasikorn Bank, said that people are now familiar with using digital platforms. Whether it's via a mobile phone. This includes ordering and buying new cars online, such as the trend of booking Tesla electric cars through the website at the end of last year. KBank leasing meets the needs of customers, providing car loan services through digital platforms to create a seamless experience. It is a platform that uses the technology of identity verification and processing of credit approval online, allowing customers to verify their identity through digital channels or NDID, credit bureau or NCB verification, and receive i-scoring approval, which will increase the accuracy and chances of approval, especially for KBank customers. Real-time online approval results CUSTOMERS CAN APPLY FOR LOANS ON THEIR OWN MOBILE PHONES OR COMPUTERS AND IT DOESN'T TAKE LONG. The development of a digital auto loan application platform has also raised the standard of lending services for customers in the digital age. This has led to cooperation between car sellers, brands, partners and KBank leasing, allowing customers who choose to subscribe for a car to apply for and receive approval for that car loan immediately, especially those who subscribe for electric vehicles, which will be a pilot in the direction that may change the way Thailand applies for auto loans in the future. KBank leasing is preparing to develop API connectivity with the platform of the automaker that partners with the company"In the early stages of 2023, the company aims to have 1,200 applications with a credit line of more than 1,000 million baht, which is a measure only if customers apply through digital channels themselves. Here's how: Apply via www.kasikornbank.com and www.kasikornleasing.com 1. 2. Specify the information of the applicant and the car that you want to apply for the loan. Digital identity verification (NDID) via mobile banking application, get the preliminary results of online approval3. Upload income documents for credit consideration4. Receive approval via SMS to confirm loan approval5. Sign a hire-purchase agreement with the staff and pick up the car at the dealer's showroom.
KKP points to Thailand seeking new growth instead of tourism Dreaded long-term engineless propulsion|Dr. Pipat Yellownarumitchai, Chief Economist Kiatnakin Phatra Securities Public Company Limited He said the direction of the global economy this year will be a difficult year. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) expects global economic growth to expand by 2.9%. This causes high interest rate financing costs. Outside, there are risk factors to watch out for, inflation in many countries has already passed its worst point. For example, large economies such as the U.S., although inflation has improved, are at a high level compared to the past and it is expected that it will take time for the situation to improve. But keep an eye on how energy prices will go. If it increases, inflation could rise while global policy rates rise. There are still high levels to stave off inflation. The Fed will continue to raise interest rates and this year is expected to rise more than 5% in April. With prolonged inflationary pressures, high interest rates may stay with us for a while in the direction of the Thai economy this year. Thailand's economic growth is not equal. GDP is expected to grow by 3.6% this year, mainly due to improved tourism. Directly benefit from the opening of the Chinese authorities earlier than expected. As a result, there will be more than 25 million tourists this year, and in 2024 it is expected to reach 35 million. The expectation is that in the second half of the year, if China opens up more cities and produces more, it may help revive the Thai economy. In terms of the outlook for Thailand's policy interest rate, it is expected that the Thai policy interest rate should exceed 2% in the third quarter, although inflation is slowing and should return to the Bank of Thailand's target. THE BANK OF THAILAND (BOT) MAY GRADUALLY ADJUST INTEREST RATES TO NORMAL AS WELL, WITH FINANCING COSTS LIKELY TO REMAIN HIGH. The long-term growth prospects of the Thai economy are worrying. Thailand's GDP grew by 7% per year to 3% per year. Currently, we rely only on tourism, but we don't have the next engine to move the country. The challenge is competitiveness, a structure that must be addressed in the future if there is an election. There is hope that this matter will be discussed. Chief Executive Officer Kiatnakin Phatra Financial Group It revealed that the growth direction of 2023 of Phatra Group will be more cautious. After the previous one, which has always been high growth. In KKP's growth plan, we will focus on expanding our potential customer base and connecting the Group's business through cross-selling products. Both Dime and Edge will be launched in the next phase.  From a virtual bank perspective, will KKP be interested in this market? We look at the benefits of investing 5 billion baht and having to add tens of billions of baht and partnerships, while we are currently in a banking business that can do business as well, which may overlap with what we have. Therefore, we see the benefits of partnering with partners to expand our customer base in groups that we don't have. Mr. Philip Chiang Chong Tan, President of Kiatnakin Phatra Bank Public Company Limited In terms of growth, the group is currently creating a new s curve by expanding its base in two parts: the money truck loan group and the second part is the expansion of the base in the mass group. It connects the products in the capital market in investment and deposits by targeting a group of people with an investment portfolio of about 500,000 baht. It is estimated that there are more than 1 million people in the country with the expectation that it will be a tool to help generate long-term growth.
Stocks are up, don't be complacent. TISCO warns that the pressure is still there, waiting for a moment before investing.|TISCO ESU warns negative factors the stock market is still on. Despite the improvement in the index, the improvement reflects an improved economic outlook. Investors are advised to wait for the moment to invest in stocks. Debt securities when the price is at the right level. The head of TISCO ESU's Center for Economic Analysis and Strategy said the stock market's rapid recovery over the past month has already reflected a much better picture of the economy, and the high valuation gives the market limited opportunities for upside gains, while a decline in liquidity is a major risk factor that will put pressure on the market in the future. "We see the stock market going up from now on as the relatively expensive market valuation reflects expectations of a much better economic picture, with the S&P500 trading at a P/E level of about 18 times, which is the upper band of the trading period from 2015-2019." The Fed is expected to continue to shrink its balance sheet throughout the year, which will reduce global liquidity by about $1 trillion, while the European Central Bank (ECB) has begun shrinking its balance sheet by reclaiming low-interest loans that commercial banks left to commercial banks during 2014-2019. During the quarter on the part of the Bank of Japan. The BoJ is expected to consider extending or abolishing yield curve control in Q2, which will reduce the need to intervene in the bond market, and finally, if the U.S. Congress successfully agrees to raise the debt ceiling, the U.S. will issue a large number of new bonds to compensate for the decrease in reserves. The unraveling of the energy crisis in Europe2. China's easing of COVID measures3. The slowdown in inflation, particularly in the US, has led the market to start expecting the Fed to stop raising interest rates soon, with these three positive factors alleviating investors' concerns over the risk of a recession this year. In addition, The stock market was also supported by liquidity, which temporarily increased from two channels: 1. Bank of Japan bond market intervention to control bond yields from rising above target2. The U.S. government's debt ceiling crash. As a result, the government cannot issue additional bonds to borrow money from the people. The government's issuance of bonds to borrow money from the public is a sucking up of liquidity from the system, thus temporarily stopping bond sales during the debt ceiling. As the government spends using money from reserve accounts, this results in increased liquidity. 
Thailand Tourism Revival Foreign tourists call Grab to ICONSIAM the most.|Grab Thailand Thailand's tourism market has continued to recover since 3Q22, pushing ride-hailing services via Grab to 45%. Jodhfair Market at CentralWorld on January 31, 2023. President Grab Thailand said tourism is a key industry that is important for driving the Thai economy. Following the announcement of the easing of COVID measures and the full reopening of the country to foreign tourists, we are beginning to see positive signs of the tourism market through the gradual increase in the number of foreign tourists entering the country since the quarter. As a result, Thailand's total number of tourists throughout the year exceeded the target set by the Tourism Authority of Thailand. This is in line with Grab's 45% growth in the number of ride-hailing users in the expat segment (compared to the number of users in the third quarter of 2022 with the previous quarter), with the top 5 foreign tourists using Grab's ride-hailing service the most in the past year: 1. Indonesia 2. Malaysia 3. Singapore 4. United States5. VietnamSPONSORED Grab as a public ride-hailing platform through an application approved by the Department of Land Transport. Grab is committed to being a part of promoting tourism in Thailand. There are 3 key factors that allow foreign tourists to use ride-hailing services through Grab's app: 1. Meet the convenience of travelers by being able to use the service easily and conveniently via smartphone. Peace of mind in safety standards, including technology and safety standards that come with an intensive driver-partner screening system, such as identity verification with a face scan before every service or a criminal record check for at least 7 years.3. Grab also revealed interesting travel trends based on the survey of 10,046 Grab travelers from 6 Southeast Asian countries, including Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Thailand. Travel trends: More than half of Southeast Asian travelers say they plan to travel within the next 6 months, with 39% of them wanting to travel abroad, popular destinations: Thailand is one of the top 3 countries that tourists want to visit, as well as Singapore and Japan. Bangkok 2. Chiang Mai 3. Phuket 4. Pattaya 5. Hat Yai for 5 attractions in Bangkok, which are the most popular destinations for foreigners to visit, are1. 2. Jodh Fair Market 3. Central World 4. 5. Siam Paragon The longest distance that foreign tourists have ever used to ride through Grab is from Phuket to Krabi.
What are the factors to watch for Japan's monetary policy?|In December last year, the BOJ implemented an unprecedented policy in financial markets by extending the 10-year government bond yield (10y JGB) under YCC to ±0.5% from ±0.25%. As a result of the BOJ's ultra-easing monetary policy against central banks of other major economies, the difference in foreign government bond yields compared to Japan continues to be large. This led to a large sell-off of 10y JGB and caused the yield of 10y JGB, which moved against the bond price, to accelerate to the upper range on the YCC. Often, the BOJ's intervention began to see signs of YCC's unsustainability, although the BOJ was able to buy an unlimited number of 10y JGB, reflected by the YCC's effect on the limited movement in the Japanese government bond market. In addition If tensions in the government bond market persist, it could negatively affect broader financial conditions, such as the conditions for issuing private bonds that may also be tightened. Analysts see the YCC expansion as a signal to the BOJ that it is time for Japan to reverse the highly accommodative monetary policy that has been in place since 2010. Although volatility in Japanese financial markets may not have had a severe impact compared to volatility in other financial markets that occurred last year, such as the United Kingdom, Italy, etc., it is one of the factors worth watching for the very fragile global financial market outlook this year. In this article, we analyze how important YCC measures are to the Japanese economy. What are the factors to watch for the BOJ's monetary policy in the next phase and what are the impacts on the Japanese economy, including the Thai economy? How important is the Japanese economy, the YCC is a tool for implementing an accommodative monetary policy to support the economy that the BOJ has adopted since 2016 instead of lowering the already negative policy rate. Under the YCC, central banks can buy an unlimited number of government bonds from the bond market to keep bond yields within the desired range, with the BOJ setting a 10-year government bond yield framework, which reflects long-term borrowing costs, to a low level of close to 0%, coupled with setting a negative short-term policy rate of -0.1% to promote investment and consumption, which will stimulate the economy and accelerate Japan out of the decades-long deflation. The probability that the BOJ will further expand the YCC framework is small, but it is likely to switch to controlling the yield of short-term government bonds, such as 2- or 5-year government bonds. A shift to target shorter yield maturities is generally due to the fact that forward guidance tools, including YCC policy, have a better effect on controlling short-term yields than in the long term, significantly reducing the amount of intervention in the boj's government bond and yen purchases if the YCC target is changed to control short-term bond yields instead. It has not been able to reduce the pressure on the bond market again. The termination of the YCC is expected to be the next tool, as it will have a monetary policy effect that has less effect on tightening in the financial economy than raising the policy rate. In addition, the termination of the YCC is expected to have a direct impact on a narrower group of people, mainly investors in the financial markets. While the policy rate hike will have a broader impact on households and businesses, the chances of the BOJ raising the policy rate this year are expected to be small. The Japanese government is deeply concerned about the global economic slowdown and its impact on the Japanese economy, assessing that the Japanese economy is still fragile and is in the process of recovering from the COVID crisis. In addition, the lessons of the past have led the BOJ to be cautious about raising its policy rate in a fragile economy, with the BOJ raising interest rates in 2000 and 2007, which led to japan's economic recession, which led to the BOJ being criticized a lot.2. If interest rates rise, it will increase the debt burden of SMEs, which account for 99.7% of all Japanese businesses and employ about 69% of the private sector workforce.3. The government and BOJ have set a wage growth target of 3%, which is enough to sustain inflation within the 2% target. Therefore, the BOJ is unlikely to raise interest rates during this period, as higher interest costs will aggravate the profitability of entrepreneurs who are already facing severe pressures both from the cost of goods and high wages. The new governor took office in November 2016. In the first quarter of this year, the BOJ is likely to avoid policy changes, as it could have a negative impact on employers' decision to raise wages in union negotiations that take place annually in May. In addition, the chances are that the current Governor (Governor Kuroda) has long adhered to a very accommodative monetary policy. What factors may the BOJ may tighten monetary policy to tighten political pressure? The BOJ is currently under heavy pressure from accelerating inflation, with core inflation (Core CPI), which excludes fluctuations in fresh food prices, and is a key gauge of BOJ's focus on expanding by 4%YOY in November. December 2022 was twice as high as the Bank of Japan's target of 2%, and confidence in Prime Minister Kishida fell to its lowest level in recent times. If such pressure intensifies, the BOJ may tighten monetary policy sooner than expected, easing tensions in the Japanese bond market. According to the data, the recent expansion of the YCC framework has limited the effect of easing pressure on the bond market as yields accelerated to a new range immediately after the announcement of the YCC extension, and some monetary policy committees have begun to view the pegged 10y JGB yield as having a negative impact on the bond market and unsustainable. If the bond market continues to be tense and yields accelerate to the upper bound of the YCC (upper bound) more often, it may put pressure on the BOJ to end the YCC or change the direction of monetary policy. - Short- Japanese government bond yields will likely accelerate further, which will affect the wealth of investors holding Japanese government bonds from the price of the bonds that will fall against the yields. Investors/bondholders are expected to be the most severely affected by Japan's insurance business, as they have a high proportion of investments in medium-term government bonds- The yen in the short term is likely to strengthen quickly. However, Japan's export sector will be negatively affected by the strong yen. As a result, export revenues, when in local currency, declined. In addition, the impact is expected to spread to pension funds. Japan, where the value of assets in foreign currencies may also fall sharply, and the price incentives of Japanese government bonds will fall compared to other major government bonds. This is primarily expected to occur through international trade channels. In other words, the termination of the YCC is likely to slow down the Japanese economy due to the tightening of financial conditions at a time when the Japanese economy has not fully recovered, with the Thai export sector being affected by the slowdown in demand for Thai imports in line with the Japanese economy, with Japan being the main export market of Thailand with a market share of 9.6% of all Thai exports in 2021Article by Jongrak Kongkamchai, Analyst of the Center for Economic and Business Research or SCB EIC www.scbeic.com eic@scb.co.th  
Shop Dee Me Night 2023, the last bend before the end of February 15.|Finally, Shop Dee Me Night 2023 ending February 15, 2022 Advise salarymen, income earners, shopping, using services and refueling, do not forget to apply for a tax invoice to receive tax deduction for the year 2024. Services and refueling that occur between January 1 - February 15, 2023 are eligible for tax deduction in 2023 to be filed during January - March 2024 with details as follows: - Purchase of goods or service fees Not exceeding 30,000 baht must have a full tax invoice in paper form or a full tax invoice in electronic form via the electronic tax invoice system and e-Tax Invoice (e-Receipt) of the Revenue Department- Purchase of goods or service charges. Not exceeding 10,000 baht must have a full tax invoice in electronic form through the Revenue Department's e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt system only. In the shopping measures, you can return for the first time, but you must come from a gas station that is VAT registered and can issue a tax invoice. This is to be part of stimulating travel and tourism during the festive season, goods and services that cannot be used in the year-end shopping measures. In 2023, there are still 10 products and services that cannot be used. AS SPONSORED1. Liquor purchase fee 2. Tobacco3. Cars4. Newspapers and magazines5. Tour fee paid to tour operators6. Hotel Accommodation7. Utility bills8. Signal charges9. Internet charges10. Is the cost of non-life insurance to solve these products and services valid? Fuel and gas costs for vehicle refill Is it deductible? The answer is yes, if you are a VAT registered entrepreneur, gold jewelry can be deducted only for gold value according to the value paid VAT. Sales fees and repurchase fees can be used for tax deduction as evidence for the full tax invoice deduction under Section 100. 86/4 of the Revenue Code that can be used as evidence for the exercise of deduction means a tax invoice containing at least the following items:1. The word "tax invoice" in the presence of 2. Name, address and tax identification number of the registrant issuing the tax invoice3. Name, address of the buyer or subscriber4. The serial number of the tax invoice and the serial number of the volume (if any)5. Name, type, type, quantity, and value of goods or services6. The amount of VAT calculated on the value of goods or services shall be clearly separated from the value of goods and/or services.7. Date, month, year of issuance of tax invoice (other statements specified by the Director-General, such as the word document in batches, copies of tax invoices, etc.) If there is a problem with the issuance of tax invoices with incomplete text, such as writing the name or address of the buyer of goods wrongly or corrected, can it be taken as evidence? If the tax invoice contains a complete list, even if the name or address of the buyer is written incorrectly, or the text has been corrected, it can be used as evidence while the buyer has the address on the ID card and the address on the personal income tax return. You can use the address according to your ID card or current address in case of purchasing goods or receiving services multiple times or having multiple tax invoices.
JKN reveals reason for reducing the proportion of newly issued shares because it has enough cash Ann Chakrapong reiterates her desire for VI investment. |In the event that JKN Global Group Public Company Limited or JKN has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand. By the Board of Directors' Meeting (Board) On January 30, the Company approved the issuance of 510,043,387 newly issued ordinary shares of RO to existing shareholders and changed the exercise rate to 2 existing shares per 1 new share at the offering price of Baht 3 per share, replacing the old resolution offering new shares at the rate of 1 to 1. The offering price is 4.50 baht, equivalent to 300,000,000 million baht. The proposal will be presented to the General Meeting of Shareholders for consideration on March 14. referee JKN Global Group Public Company Limited It was revealed that the reason for the reduction in the RO capital increase was due to the fact that after JKN held Miss Universe, the company was not able to meet the demands of the company. We see an opportunity to grow tremendously. The capital increase will help build global strength. We will have 1,200 million baht in revenue from MUO business and 300 million baht in PP capital. This gives us enough capital to do business. The Company believes that if minority shareholders do not exercise their rights, it will not affect the Company because the Company is still growing high, which we see as we have cash flow to generate future growth and we currently have enough capital to pay off debts that will be due. In addition, the proportion of the capital increase belongs to the major shareholders who will put in the capital increase. Chakrajuthathip Chief Executive Officer, JKN Global Group Public Company Limited "In the past, we invested in MUO, there were always questions, but we were able to pay back the capital in 2 and a half months, so we don't want to fund JKN shares in the form of casinos, but we want to invest with us in the long term like VI." Muo is confident that it will generate 1,200 million baht in revenue this year. It will earn money from El Salvador's bid to host it. The fund received approximately 400 million baht. It is expected to start recognizing revenue in November 2020. In addition, the company is preparing to announce the rights to host two other countries in 2025, while JKN plans to bring the Miss Universe brand to several consumer product groups. The first product to start marketing beverages. JKN's revenue this year is expected to come from 50% content sales, 25-30% MOU and 20-25% commerce. The value of the business reaches 42 billion baht. GP Group purchased it at a premium price for more than 300 million baht and has the potential to help create growth together.
Thai stocks today, January 31, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 9.76, the index stood at 1,671.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was down 9.76 to 1,671.46. Turnover 82,295.95 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today is the 31st day of the stock market. In the afternoon half-day, the index fell 9.76, or -0.58%, to 1,671.46. The index peaked at 1,683.90. Low index 1,671.00 The turnover was 82,295.95 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 2. Banpu Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
In 2022, Thai rice exported 7.69 million tons in the world. People buying cassava for up to 15 years|Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade In 2022, Thailand exported 7.69 million tonnes of rice, higher than 2019. The target is set at 7.5 million tonnes. The volume was 22.06% increase from 6.30 million tons exported in 2021. The value of the Baht increased by 26.13% and the U.S. dollar increased by 14.67% from 2021 to 109,769.7 million Baht or 3,463.4 million Baht, making Thailand the second largest rice exporter in the world. India exported 21.93 million tonnes. Vietnam, ranked third at 6.31 million tonnes for 2023, held discussions with the Thai Rice Exporters Association and set an export target of 7.5 million tonnes. This is supported by the continued increase in demand from abroad, as well as the Ministry of Commerce's plans to push exports, such as the Thailand Rice Convention of people in the rice trade, the establishment of public and private trade delegations to visit major trading partners such as Vietnam, Australia, China, Germany, etc. It is worth $4,408 million, the highest in 15 years, as the world, especially China, scrambles to buy noodles to make alcohol during the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, it pushes prices upwards. In 2013, the Department and four associations related to cassava jointly set an export target of 9 million tons. Thailand's output in 2021 is expected to decline due to the disease that continues to plague more than 50 provinces nationwide, as well as weather conditions at the end of the year, flooding and possibly repeated droughts. As a result, output is expected to decrease by 3.27 million tons to 31.7 million tons. FROM THE ORIGINAL FORECAST OF 34.98 MILLION TONNES.SPONSORED
Around the market : CP x True Coffee sausage puff 2 new menu|On February 1, 2023, The Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests There are the following: Senior Executive Vice President, Marketing Charoen Pokphand Food Public Company Limited (CPF) said that we have partnered with True Coffee to bring CP sausages, the no.1 popular brand, to combine deliciousness as CP sausage puffs, True Coffee's best-selling menu, with Patissier creating 2 new puff dishes: Emmental Sausage Spiral Puff from CP Frankfurter, pure chicken sausage, crispy leather topped with Emmental Cheese, fragrant with a little milky flavor, rich flavored on french croissant puff pastry, and Jumbo Sausage Puff from CP Jumbo. Meet the lifestyle of working people in the city, eat well and be happy every morning. Experience the deliciousness at all 58 branches in Bangkok from today onwards. President, Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited Participated in the book giving ceremony to Pattana Pattanataweedol Deputy Secretary-General of the Basic Education Commission to forward to 400 schools. Dr. Kobsak Phusong Executive Vice President, Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited and Artorn Tejathada Managing Director of Prapansarn Publishing Co., Ltd., along with representatives from the Ministry of Education. Teachers and librarians from various schools attended Asset World Corp Public Company Limited or AWC, a Thai real estate developer focused on fulfilling a one-stop lifestyle. Unveils 1,000 million baht investment plan Co-Living Collective: Empower Future launched at Empire Building to transform the building into a new lifestyle space. Supporting future trends in seamless integration of work and life Create new standards and promote Thailand to become a destination for organizations and employees from around the world. Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Held a ceremony to receive the position of the new Chief Executive Officer, with Mr. Suvartana Siboonruang, Acting Chief Executive Officer. Deliver work and congratulate Mr. Chai Iamsiri on the occasion of becoming Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from February 1, 2023 onwards, with the management and employees congratulating Mr. Chai Iamsiri on continuing to implement the business recovery plan to achieve the goals. In order for THAI to return to profitability sustainably. Poonworluck Chief Executive Officer, Major Cineplex Group Public Company Limited welcomes Mark Welton President of IMAX Corporation Cinema, Canada, who designed and produced IMAX 3D camera and projection system on the occasion of his trip to Thailand, visited IMAX Cinema Thailand at Krungsri IMAX Paragon Cineplex SPONSORED Tops. Central Group Food Business Retail Create a new era of greatness. Launch of Tops Sathupradit Enhancing the business model in a 2-storey standalone model, energizing the shopping mood of consumers in Rama 3 zone, creating a new check-in location with more than 16,500 new and exclusive food products from around the world. Modern Japanese Restaurant, Lucky Suki Family Buffet, After You, Pet & Me Animal Lover's Center, Naillyme Nail salons and beauty services, etc., answer all the needs of convenient shopping near your home. Prudential is now open. Thailand Join hands with True Digital to enhance digital healthcare for Prudential customers to access telemedicine services via MorDee app, which customers can access through various Prudential channels, whether via LINE OA @PrudentialThailand or pulse application. Consult a doctor online In addition, the company has also arranged a special promotion for Prudential customers who register for telemedicine service for the first time and can link up with insurance to receive free Grab e-Voucher worth 50 baht and free drug delivery from now until March 31, 2023. Partners Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Dao Financial Group (Thailand), has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with InterOpera Pte. Ltd. in Singapore. To develop financial services to support the growth of the digital asset business. In this collaboration, Dao Digital Partners will play the role of designing products and services related to blockchain technology and smart contracts, while Interopera will support blockchain technology infrastructure and consult on tokenization, which will allow the private sector to raise capital by issuing investment tokens or delivering privileges to customers in the form of utility tokens, which will lead to the growth of the business sector in Thailand. Launched Thai Credit Foundation under the concept of Empower to strengthen society, expanding the role of social activities in all dimensions. Promote social and economic support to small entrepreneurs and disadvantaged people for the betterment of Thai society because they believe that raising awareness and financial discipline will be an important basis for developing life, developing businesses and communities to be stable and sustainable, which will help reduce household debt that is a major problem at the national level. The target is to have at least 50,000 participants in 2023, including 55% of small entrepreneurs and 45% of other professionals, including youth and disadvantaged.
The dreaded bot passes on the cost of pushing expensive things up. The global economy has collapsed, exports|Ms. Chayawadee Chaianan, Assistant Governor for Corporate Relations Bank of Thailand (BoT) discusses Thai economy in November In December 2022, it said it continued to recover from the previous month, driven by a continued expansion in the service sector as the number of foreign tourists increased. This encouraged private consumption indicators to improve. The number of tourists in 2022 was 11.15 million, higher than expected. The private consumption index rose 8.5% as pressure from trading partners' economies slowed down. Pressure to months. In December, the value of exports excluding gold shrank by 12.3%, and the full-year value of exports increased by 4%, lower than expected. While months. Private investment for the full year 2022 increased by 2.8%. December fell 2.9%"Household purchasing power continues to improve. However, the high cost of living, as well as slowing down farm incomes in some regions, put pressure on overall consumption. Headline inflation rose again to 5.89% from 5.5% the previous month. Core inflation was similar to the previous month. The current account has returned to surplus. However, the current account deficit was USD 16.9 billion in January 2023 and the full year 2023, Ms. Chayawadee said, adding that the tourism sector remained the main driver of the Thai economy. Meanwhile, the slowdown in the global economy and trading partners is a major factor affecting the slowdown in exports, which is considered a negative factor for the Thai economy in the first half of the year. Exports account for 53% of Thailand's gross domestic product (GDP). Meanwhile, tourism accounts for about 5% of GDP. THEREFORE, IT IS IMPORTANT TO MONITOR HOW BOTH SIDES WILL AFFECT THE THAI ECONOMY THIS YEAR. The Bot will monitor the risks in 3 areas: 1. The global economic slowdown will affect Thai exports. 2. The impact of China's economic recovery and China's opening up to Thailand, and 3. Will the economic recovery cause entrepreneurs to pass on higher costs to higher prices of goods?
Approved wages of skilled workers 465-715 baht|Miss RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that the Cabinet approved the wage rate according to the standard of skill in 3 occupations and 17 professions as follows: 1. Transmission system technician wages according to the skill standard (level 1) 495 baht per day, 2. Pump and valve system technician 515 baht per day, 3. Steel structure builder 500 baht per day, 4. Fine technician 500 baht per day, 5. Mic-Mag welding system operator with robot 520 baht per day, and 6. Mechatronics and industrial robots. Standard wage (Level 1) 545 Baht per day (Level 2) 635 Baht per day (Level 3) 715 Baht per day 1. Agricultural tractor repair technician (level 1) 465 baht per day (level 2) 535 baht per day (level 3) 620 baht per day 2. Excavator loader machinery operator 585 baht per day 3. Excavator machinery operator 570 baht per day 4. Towing truck machinery operator 555 baht per day (with an increase from 550 baht per day) and 5. Loader machinery operator 520 baht per day service occupation group 1. Holistic Health Promoter Thai Sappaya (Nutraceuticals) Skilled (Level 1) 500 Baht per day (Level 2) 600 Baht per day 2.Holistic Health Promoter Thai Sappaya (Hydrotherapy) (Level 1) 500 Baht per day (Level 2) 600 Baht per day 3.Holistic Health Promoter Thai Sappaya (Sukonthatherapy) (Level 1) 500 Baht per day (Level 2) 600 Baht per day 4.Mixing staff (Level 1) 475 Baht per day (Level 2) 525 Baht per day (Level 3) 600 Baht per day 5.Early childhood care 530 baht per day 6.Machinist helping people with disabilities (level 1) 520 baht per day (level 2) 600 baht per day If the employer violates or fails to comply, the employer shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 6 months, a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, or both.
Poll of Thais satisfied with state welfare Give a little money - slow account - long queue hospital|The Minister acknowledged the results of the public opinion poll on the welfare of the state. 97% were satisfied with the service. Meanwhile, hospital services were delayed. Long queues and only hospitals are required to use the service. Taxation to help take care of welfare. 37.5% of citizens do not agree to taxation. Stated that there is no money to pay, fear of not providing welfare thoroughly, offering to take care of the elderly more. Free classes at all levels, providing digital knowledge, keeping up with the dangers of online Ms. Traisuli Trisornnakul A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet meeting acknowledged the results of the 2022 Public Health Survey on State Welfare by the Office for National Statistics (ONS). A survey of 6,970 people aged 15 years in all provinces nationwide per 7 state welfare items as follows: 1. Use of state welfare services in terms of quality of life, such as subsistence allowances. Newborn Child State Welfare Card Senior living allowance and disability allowance More than 97% of people said they had no problem using the service, while less than 3% had problems such as not having enough money, difficulty withdrawing money, and delayed payments. Free education through secondary school and third year education helped reduce household expenses, with 80.6% of people saying it could help reduce costs as much as possible. However, 3.2% said they would reduce costs to a minimum, or not help at all.sponsored Item 3.Government welfare for medical care, including civil servants' rights, social security rights, and universal health insurance rights, found that more than 97% of people said they had no problem using the service, and less than 2% had problems such as delayed service. Long queues and must use the service only for hospitals according to the rights Item 4.Satisfaction with the use of medical services It was found that 76.8% of people admitted to private hospitals were very satisfied and 1% were least satisfied. Of the people admitted to public hospitals, 70.4% were very satisfied and 3.6% were least satisfied. As for satisfaction with the right to medical treatment. It was found that 86.5% of people who used health insurance/life insurance were the most satisfied, followed by welfare rights. 5. Benefits that people want the state to increase, such as supporting expenses for households raising parents aged 60 years and over 93.5%, providing welfare for childcare centers/child development centers in agencies/near workplaces 78.6%, and providing free public transportation benefits to children/youth under 25 years old 85.9% Item 6. Found over 44.6% of people agreed to be able to store it, arguing that in order to achieve comprehensive and comprehensive welfare, it would improve the quality of life. Reduce inequality and create equality But 37.5% of the public did not agree to the collection on the grounds that they did not have enough money to pay taxes, feared that welfare arrangements would not be thorough, and that there were no fixed rules or laws guaranteeing welfare arrangements. 7. Registration for the State Welfare Program in 2022: 84.2% of registered citizens did not have difficulty registering, while 15.8% faced problems such as long queues to register with the unit, website crashes/crashes, and inconvenient travel to the registration agency or in remote areas. By providing convenient access to various channels of all departments, including making the public aware of online threats. 3. Build confidence in medical treatment for people to exercise their rights to all types of medical treatment equally. Comprehensive and comprehensive in all areas, such as pharmaceutical quality. Service and convenience are fast. 4. Support free education benefits at all levels to reduce the burden of education costs and ensure equal access to the education system. 5. Promote/ support welfare to increase quality of life, such as expenses for households raising parents aged 60 years and over. Set up a child/child development center near the workplace and provide free public transportation for children/youth.
"Krungthai-TMB Thanachart" interest rate hike|Mr. Pyong Srivanich President, Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited In line with the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) decision to raise the policy rate by 0.25% and to gradually raise the policy rate in line with the country's economic recovery and inflation. Therefore, the Bank needs to raise interest rates in order to reflect the direction of domestic interest rates and the rising cost of financing in the system. The interest rate on loans increased by 0.05%-0.25% p.a. to promote savings, while interest on loans increased as follows: Interest rate for large and good customers (MLR) increased by 0.20% p.a. to 6.35% p.a. Mr. Piti Tantakasem increased the interest rate for large customers in the overdraft category (MOR) by 0.15% p.a. to 6.87% p.a. and the retail loan rate (MRR) by 0.10% p.a. to 6.87% p.a. effective from February 1, 2023. Chief Executive Officer TMB Thanachart Bank (TTB) said it had raised the lending rate by 0.10% per annum, which is less than the policy interest rate to take care of all lending customers. As for the interest rate on bank deposits, there has been a hike in the deposit rate. TTB Special Fixed Deposit Account 24-month up-and-up adjusted maximum interest rate from 2.50% to 3.00% p.a. MESAFE DIGITAL DEPOSITS INCREASED INTEREST INCLUDING BONUS FROM 1.70% TO 2.00% P.A. WITH EFFECT FROM FEBRUARY 1.
Guava calls Graboung 45% growth|Mr. Worachat Lakkhanaroj President Grab Thailand's tourism market has continued to recover since the third quarter of 2022, in line with the 45% growth in the number of foreign ride-hailing users compared to the previous quarter, with the top five foreign tourists using Grab's ride-hailing service the most in the past year being Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, the United States and Vietnam. More than half of southeast Asian tourists plan to travel within the next six months, with 39% of them wanting to travel abroad, with Thailand being one of the top three destinations for tourists, as well as Singapore and Japan. The top 5 destinations in Bangkok are ICONSIAM, Jodh Fair Market, Central World, Khao San Road and Siam Paragon. The longest distance a foreign tourist has ever used to ride through Grab is from Phuket to Krabi.
Watch out for "Shopee" Hua "Lazada" K.K.C. to keep an eye on "JD Central" La Muang Thai|K.B.C. catches the eye of JD. Central went out of business in Thailand, resulting in Shopee and Lazada. Can the remaining 2 marketplaces "hug" each other, but they wouldn't have to check because they went out of business? Not purchased or merged Launched 3 giant platforms There is only one Lazada starting to profit, Mr. Santichai Sarathawanpat. Member of the Competition Committee and Spokesperson of the Competition Commission JD Central, an e-commerce platform, is set to discontinue its services in Thailand from March 3, 2023, leaving only two major online marketplaces in Thailand, Lazada and Shopee. JD's case is a liquidation of the business itself. This leaves few market operators left. It is not purchased or merged from the same operator to gain market dominance. However, if there are few entrepreneurs left, the BANK has the power to closely monitor or listen to complaints to see if there is an unfair business operation that affects the market or consumers. There are two major issues to consider: whether the remaining business operators operate under the guidelines or jointly determine whether they are taking advantage of consumers as well as other entrepreneurs.sponsored The reporter reported that JD Central in Thailand was first launched in 2018 as a joint venture between JD Group from China and Central Group of Thailand throughout its business operations. According to the Department of Business Development, revenue in 2018 was 458 million baht. Loss 944 million baht, 2019 revenue 1,284 million baht Loss 1,342 million baht, 2020 revenue 3,491 million baht Loss of 1,375 million baht and revenue of 7,443 million baht in 2021. Loss of 1,930 million baht while Shopee's operating results, despite revenue growth, were not profitable, with total revenue of 165 million baht in 2018. Loss 4,113 million baht, 2019 total revenue 1,986 million baht Loss of 4,745 million baht, 2020 total revenue of 5,812 million baht Loss of 4,170 million baht and total revenue of 13,322 million baht in 2021. Loss of 4,972 million baht while Lazada has already started profiting. In 2018, the total revenue was 8,162 million baht. Loss 2,645 million baht, 2019 total revenue 9,413 million baht Loss 3,707 million baht, 2020 total revenue 10,011 million baht Loss of 3,988 million baht and total revenue of 14,675 million baht in 2021 JD Central reported on its Facebook page that it will close its order at 11:59 p.m. on March 3, 2023. The shipping part depends on the actions of the external shipping company and the seller. While after-sales service Customer Services will continue to provide after-sales service for completed orders until March 31, 2023 from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., JD Central said, adding that the decision was made in accordance with JD.com's policy to focus on expanding and developing its business in international markets. JD Central is an investment between JD.com China's third-largest e-commerce company and Thai retail giant Central Group. In proportion 50 : 50 is the same. The investment value is over 17,500 million baht. At the end of last year, the South China Morning Post reported, citing JD.com sources, that JD was preparing to withdraw from the Thai market on behalf of JD CENTRAL and Indonesia as JD.ID in order to reduce its ongoing losses and instead focus on logistics and growth in China.
CIG merges JLING into $7 billion new business Q2 revenue is expected to start|Mr. Ari Phumsena Chairman of the Executive Committee of C.I. Group Public Company Limited "CIG" revealed that the Board of Directors' meeting on January 27, 2023 approved and prepared to present to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders the acquisition of 100% business worth 660 million baht. In J Ling Solution Co., Ltd., a joint venture of Engineering Procurement Construction Management Management with Financial Support (EPCM+F) between infrastructure construction companies and Singaporean capital conglomerates, the acquisition will allow CIG to expand its business overseas at greater value. In order to use the revenue to expand the current coil manufacturing business, where the cost of production has increased and caused losses for many years. In line with last year's reorganization plan and investment strategy, J Ling is a company with business potential from a strong network. Investment support from foreign funds, including shareholders of SHENTON ONE Group with ASEAN regional company partners Strengthening regional funding and networks Cig aims for revenue in 2023 at around 1,500-1,700 million baht. It is expected that in Q2, the acquisition of J Ling and revenue will be gradually realized in Q3 and 4 from the launch of a pilot project for the construction of Letter park hospital worth 7 billion baht. This creates added value by transforming service apartments into hospitals consisting of general hospitals. Specialized surgical hospitals and nursing care centers that provide telemedicine services. In addition, on February 14, J Ling Solutions will launch the sale of convertible debentures to existing shareholders in CIG at a convertible price of Baht 1 per share.
Plan ahead, KBank Notification of system maintenance from 1:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. February 5, 2023|Kasikorn Bank announced that all channels except credit cards will be closed from 1 a.m. to 6 a.m. on Feb. 5, 2023. It is necessary to temporarily close the service for maintenance. On Sunday, February 5, 2023 from 01:00 a.m. to 06:00 a.m. to increase service efficiency and support for more transactions in the future. Withdraw and transfer related to KBank's account in all channels- Receiving money transfers from all banks in all channels - QR scanning to pay for goods or services - Cash withdrawals with KBank credit card or Xpress Cash card. For more information, please contact LINE @KBankLive or K-Contact Center at 02-8888888. 24 hours a day
Thai stocks today, February 1, 2023, ended the morning up 10.57 points, the index was at 1,682 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed the morning up 10.57. The index is at 1,682.03. Turnover 33,379.20 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 1, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose by 10.57 percent. The index was at 1,682.03. The turnover was 33,379.20 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Srisawat Company Corporation Public Company Limited.
The Treasury postponed the announcement of the "State Welfare Card" and suggested channels to check eligibility.|The Ministry of Finance postponed the announcement of the results of the qualification examination of the State Welfare Registration Program. On February 1, 2023, it was reported that the Ministry of Finance has revealed the progress of the announcement of the results of the eligibility for the State Welfare Registration Program. The Ministry of Finance would like to inform you that since the 2022 State Welfare Registration Program (PROJECT) eligibility verification information must be checked by several rights checking units in order for the audit to be accurate, complete and complete, therefore, the announcement of the results of the 2022 Qualification Examination will be postponed. Registrants can follow the information and details of the program through the State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th website. Once the Ministry of Finance announces the results of the 2022 registration program, those who have registered can verify that they have qualified in 3 channels: 1. Official website at https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th 2. For more information, please contact the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance at 094-858-9794. Fiscal Policy Office Tel. 02 273 9020 Ext. 3502 3503 3506 3518 3536 3542 and Call Center State Welfare Card Program Tel. 0-2109-2345SPONSORED Read related news
WHA reveals 2 foreign giants to invest in Thailand Aiming to surpass hundreds of billions in revenue in 5 years|Ms. Jareeporn Jarukornsakul Chairman of the Board of Directors and Group Chief Executive Officer of WHA Corporation Public Company Limited "Foreign direct investment to Thailand will continue in 2023, with 2 big deals expected to be invested in the company's estate later this year, which will help the company to accelerate revenue growth to record highs in history." The first deal is expected to take place within a month. And 1 more big deal that will help create excitement. The project is expected to be completed later this year and will be an automotive business deal to attract foreign investment in Thailand. At present, Thailand is still attractive to invest in, with businesses in both China and Japan continuously investing. The government should continue to promote investment, including tax measures that previously provided tax privileges, as well as infrastructure development in the EEC that will help attract foreign investment. continue IT IS EXPECTED THAT APPROXIMATELY 200,000 SQUARE METERS OF LAND WILL BE SOLD FROM THAILAND AND 3.5 THOUSAND RAI FROM VIETNAM, AND APPROXIMATELY 1,750 RAI OF INDUSTRIAL ESTATE WILL BE SOLD, WHICH WILL COME FROM THE SALE OF APPROXIMATELY 7.2 THOUSAND RAI IN THAILAND AND 590 RAI FROM ABROAD. WHA Premium Growth (WHART) is expected to have a total value of approximately 3,250 million baht, however, the company aims to have revenue of 100 billion baht. Within the next 5 years, maintaining EBITDA margins of more than 40%, it will focus on transforming into digital businesses using technology to help strengthen the organization. In accordance with mission to the sun plan, the company will be transformed into a tech company. The company expects to invest more than 685 billion baht in 5 years. For the past year 2022 The company had revenue of 158 billion baht. That's up 31% from the previous year, a new record high for the company.
Born as a mother will care for 2 beauty queen businesses Preparing to enter the Thai stock market|Born as a mother will care for 2 beauty pageant businesses, preparing to enter the Thai stock market with a bang incessant for the beauty pageant business that is very active. Most recently Miss Grand International Public Company Limited or MGI of Bosnawat Isarakraisorn Going to become a new member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand Previously, there was JKN Global Group Public Company Limited or JKN of Ann Chakrapong Chakrajuthathip. Stage owner Miss Universe MGI has filed a registration statement and draft prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Finnex Equipment Co., Ltd., as financial advisor, will hold an initial public offering (IPO) of no more than 60 million shares. No more than 28.57% of the total shares after the IPO will be listed on mai stock exchange in the consumer goods business categorySPONSORED MGI. There are 4 business groups: 1. Commerce business selling consumer products both under the company's trademarks, including Miss Grand MGI and NangNgam, among other products, 2. Miss Grand pageant business, where the company will send beauty queens who have been crowned Miss Grand. Thailand represented Thailand in the Miss Grand International pageant, 3. Media and X-Periences, 4. Artist Management. The company plans to use the funds raised to purchase the building and renovate it into an office building. Expand business sales of goods and services, invest in product development and production of transactions, and invest in the development of information system (IT) capabilities, including working capital and investment in related businesses.
ASW launches 12 new projects in 2023, with sales of over 15 billion baht|Assetwise to launch 12 new projects In '66, it covered high and flat. With a total value of over 22,500 million, New Haikoi aims to sell more than 15,000 million on February 1, 2023. Chief Executive Officer of Assetwise Public Company Limited (ASW) said that the overall real estate market in 2023 will improve from 2022, driven by the continued economic recovery. This is driven by the full reopening of the country and the government's continued real estate stimulus policy in 2023, which will have a positive impact on home buyers' decisions this year. In addition, it must be acknowledged that the current housing trend has changed from the past, either to the elderly society or to more environmentally friendly housing from the overall picture in 2022. Assetwise has developed various projects that have received positive feedback from customers, especially the expansion of the campus condo market under the Kave brand, which has already opened more than 9 projects with a total project value of more than 14,700 million baht, and created an overwhelming response from customers after the launch by the end of 2022. There are 34 completed and ready-to-use projects and 13 projects under development with a total sales backlog of more than 12,935 million baht. He said that due to these positive factors, Assetwise sees it as a good time to proactively seize the opportunity to expand the business by leveraging its strengths in property development expertise that can meet the lifestyle of residents. To continuously improve the quality of life. The three keys to sustainable growth are: Continue: The Company has the highest number of new project launch plans since the company has been in business. 12 projects worth more than 22,500 million baht 70% of condominiums are divided into condominium projects under the brand "Condominium". Kave, Atmoz and Modiz 9 projects worth 15,830 million baht, 3 house projects or 30% with a total value of 6,670 million baht Under the brand The Honor and the new low-rise brand with The Honor Arbor or The Arbor by the Company Set sales growth target of 15,000 million baht and revenue recognition target this year at 7,200 million baht- Connect: Assetwise is also aiming to grow new businesses to complement its strong portfolio in Bangkok and upcountry. Phuket Co., Ltd., a leading property developer in Phuket. In Botanica Grand Avenue, the best luxury pool villa on Bangtao Beach, Phuket, to expand the luxury low-rise portfolio. The project value is over 10 billion baht, having previously entered into a joint venture with Takara Leben Co., Ltd., a leading Japanese property developer. In project development Atmoz Bangna and Cave Seed Kaset project worth more than 1,350 million baht, including Tokyo Tatemono Co., Ltd., a leading property developer from Japan. The company also collaborated with Idyll Real Co., Ltd. in the Cave Mutant Salaya project worth 1,200 million baht. The Company acquired a 41.18% stake in SAP World Entertainment Co., Ltd. or ZAAP World, a fully integrated lifestyle & entertainment business operator. Reinforcing its position as a leading lifestyle development company and creating added value for the brand. To become a brand that meets all dimensions of lifestyle- Contribute: Assetwise continues to do business to achieve sustainability while caring for the environment. Under the GrowGreen concept, which has been continuously started since 2021 to create an ecosystem that supports a good quality of life, Mr. Kromchet said that this year has been another very challenging year. Whether it's opening new projects or expanding your business portfolio. For helping to strengthen the company. To push us to become one of the leaders in the real estate business that creates lifestyles as well as to become one of the leading real estate entrepreneurs in Thailand. With a revenue recognition target of 7,200 million baht and a sales target of 15,000 million baht. We are confident that we will achieve our goals.
Why has the arrival of ChatGPT shaken the AI industry?|OpenAI, an artificial intelligence (AI) technology research and development company, recently officially launched ChatGPT, a new AI chat platform. According to the company, Since ChatGPT launched on social media, there has been debate about the possibility of implementing this innovation, as well as the potential dangers of debug code analysis to the potential for essays for Bern Elliott students. Research Vice President, Gartner Inc., revealed why ChatGPT has attracted so much attention: ChatGPT is a perfect storm that combines two big artificial intelligence (AI) issues that are currently trending: chatbots and GPT3, which offer a way to communicate and create engaging content, as if talking to humans in an amazing way. Some present insightful information and sometimes full of sponsored knowledge, but unfortunately, ChatGPT sometimes presents content incorrectly and is not based on human understanding or intelligence. The problem may lie in the words 'understanding' and 'intelligence', which are based on human input that may have vague, unclear meanings. Therefore, when applied to algorithms, it can result in a serious misunderstanding of a more useful angle to see that chatbots and large language models (LLMs) such as GPT have become valuable tools for accomplishing specific tasks that are not for entertainment purposes. Chatbots already have many usage patterns in their systems. From providing customer service to helping technical teams identify issues for higher-level ChatGPT implementation, it is used as a chatbot that is specific to (chat), interacting or 'chatting' with GPT resources. This means that data can be used in certain situations where errors can be accepted or corrected, with many basic models such as GPT being used in domains including Computer Vision, Software Engineering, and Scientific Research and Development, such as using basic models to create images from text and verifying code from natural language, smart contracts, and even in healthcare such as the creation of new medicines and genome decoding to classify diseases of ethical concerns. THE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH SEES AI BASIC MODEL MODELS SUCH AS GPT DEMONSTRATING A MAJOR SHIFT IN AI FROM THE UNIQUE BENEFITS IT PROVIDES, SUCH AS REDUCING COSTS AND TIMEFRAME-SPECIFIC MODELING, WHICH INEVITABLY RAISES ETHICAL RISKS AND CONCERNS. Natural Language Processing-NLP, e.g. categorization Trained models can reduce expensive customization and testing costs. It is used to create strategic documentation outlining the benefits, risks, opportunities, and roadmaps for deploying AI-based models such as GPT, which helps determine whether the benefits outweigh the risks. Specific applications use cloud-based APIs to create models and select the smallest models to provide accuracy and efficiency to simplify operations. Reduce energy consumption and increase total cost efficiency for ownership, prioritize vendors that promote responsible model deployment by publishing usage guidelines. Enforcement includes logging known vulnerabilities and weaknesses and proactively exposing malicious behavior and abuse situations.
Thai stocks today, February 1, 2023, ended the afternoon up 14.29 points, the index was at 1,685 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 14.29 points at 1,685.75 points with a turnover of 63,790.96 million baht. The index rose 9.96, or 0.60%, to 1,685.75. The index peaked at 1,687.98. Lowest index 1,675.73 Turnover 63,790.96 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. CP All Public Company Limited 3. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
"G.I." Generate income for local farmers|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Minister of Commerce revealed that the Department of Intellectual Property has announced the registration of geographical indication (JI) products "Banana Hom Thong Meet Phra" in Tak province to reinforce the quality agricultural products of Thailand. Create pride and generate income for farmers in Met Phra district. Tak province is the 3rd G.I. product of Tak province, where golden bananas meet phra are banana varieties of golden bananas grown in hot and humid climates. It rains regularly, giving it a unique sweet taste. The texture is firm, sticky, the fruit is curved like an L-shaped, the tip of the fruit has a pencil-like stopper. The peel is thin, and the ripe fruit has a uniform golden yellow color. One group of bananas weighs up to 14 kilograms." Available in leading department stores such as Tops Supermarket and Villa Market, it is a Thai soft power that spreads Thai identity to the international community. The main export market is Japan, with an export value of 27 million baht/year. Proudly for producer farmers, at the APEC Leaders' Summit hosted by Thailand in 2022 (APEC 2022), the Department pushed for The Golden Banana to Meet The King as one of the GHI products that participated in the thai identity on this special occasion."
"Supattanapong" Dream of 4% growth in GDP this year|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy Gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate This year, it may expand by 4%, which has not been seen for a long time, because over the past 3 years, Thailand has not encountered an ordinary crisis, but a great crisis under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. The Prime Minister has worked together to do everything to overcome and survive. Until today, all economic situations have returned to the so-called recovery state and will soon return to the status quo. Economic figures have improved considerably, with tourists who used to reach 40 million a year, dropping to 2 million a year. If it is another country, it will not survive, and the lost income will inevitably affect the people. Today it's time to move forward and start restoring the economy, but I don't want to forget the last 3 years that we've worked through together. Now that Thailand is recovering, ask economists to confirm the same. This year is better than last year. Private consumption, despite being affected by energy prices and the trade war, is confident that it will be better than 2022, so 2023 will be better and foreign tourists this year should be more than 20 million." Thailand's fiscal discipline is still as good as it was before COVID-19. The country's credit rating has not been reduced. Overseas and analysts also assessed that Thailand was doing well. Some countries are struggling economically, and moving forward is no longer the same way. Thailand's policy has started in 2022 and will continue this year, advancing Thailand along with building infrastructure to solve the problems of the past. The present and the future "This year will see the expansion of more trade zones and tangible as the highest history of Thailand, which is directly the work of Gen. Prayuth, Saudi Arabia, which makes it easy to enter the Middle East and Africa, which has never happened before and also done during the crisis, and has hundreds of billions of baht of cooperation that will take place, which has never expanded the trade zone as much as in this era."
"GC-OR" shipwreck in Nong joins forces to expand PTT business|Mr. Attapol Rerkpiboon Chief Executive Officer and President, PTT Public Company Limited PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited (GC) and PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR) have signed a memorandum of understanding (PTT) to strengthen the business value added and sustainable operations. Orr is thailand's leading oil and retail business. It believes that bringing strengths together will benefit the organization and the nation. Chief Executive Officer and President GC said the collaboration brings its strengths in many dimensions, especially environmentally friendly products such as bioplastics, the world's no. 1 production capacity, and ASEAN's largest global standard recycled plastics. There is also a fully integrated plastic waste management platform. SPONSORED While Mr. Dittat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of OR, said that there will be cooperation in four areas: 1. Development of sustainability knowledge; 2. Ensuring energy security in the production, supply and trading of finished oil and renewable energy products. 3. Sustainable business operations throughout the value chain 4. Jointly study the feasibility of business development to promote the value chain in OR's retail business by using GC raw materials, which can be extended to create added business value along with environmental and social protection for sustainable mutual growth.
"Govt." threatens to raise the price of goods! May-August|GDP growth remained at 3-3.5%, exports grew by 1-2%, inflation stood at 2.7-3.2%, after the Thai economy was supported by the tourism sector. Insist on monthly electricity bills This May-August should be reduced to Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul. Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The monthly meeting of the 3 Private Sector Joint Committees (CCA) was held. This February, the thai economic projection for 2023 remains the same as the previous estimate. Gross domestic product (GDP) growth is expected to grow 3-3.5% from last year, exports expanded 1-2%, headline inflation stood at 2.7-3.2%, as the Thai economy is supported by the tourism sector. Meanwhile, Chinese tourists will improve significantly in Q2, while exports are expected to slow down at the beginning of this year, and factors affecting them must be closely monitored. It's all about the baht. Although the Chinese economy recovers quickly, it may not be enough to replace the demand for goods from other major countries." The Bank of Thailand is also concerned about the high level of production costs, especially electricity bills, as well as the prospect of interest rate hikes. Continued policy amid the baht appreciation, which may affect the competitiveness of entrepreneurs, as well as the transmission of rising costs to consumers through rising prices of goods and services. ALTHOUGH THE BAHT STRENGTHENED, BUT SUPPORTED BY FUNDAMENTAL FACTORS SUCH AS THE CURRENT ACCOUNT SURPLUS IN 4Q22, INVESTORS' OPTIMISM TOWARDS CHINA'S REOPENING, AND THE WEAKENING DOLLAR AFTER THE MARKET EASED CONCERNS ABOUT THE WORLD BANK'S INTEREST RATE HIKE, THE BAHT STRENGTHENED BY 15% IN October 2022 AND STRENGTHENED BY 5% IN January. In the past, the private sector has helped reduce the use of natural gas by using other fuel energy to replace part of it. May-August should be reduced due to factors supporting the increase in natural gas supply in the Gulf of Thailand and the decline in foreign natural gas prices." energy and offices. The COMMITTEE prepares the structure of the work model and proposes to the relevant departments for approval for further consideration of the establishment. Rewinding Energy We request that there be an ad hoc energy working group for cooperation in solving problems and building understanding in energy, as well as discussing short-medium-long-term measures."
Gold price today, February 2, 2023, opened on Thursday morning, rising by 250 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Thursday morning, February 2, 2023, the price increased by 250 baht for "gold bullion" sold out baht 30,200 baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out baht 30,700 baht on February 2, 2023. Baht 30,200 per baht "Gold jewelry" is available for purchase at 29,562.00 baht per baht. Baht 30,700 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,050 baht Sell out 15,100 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,781 baht Sell out 15,350 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,525 Baht Sell Out 7,550 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,390.5 Baht Sell Out 7,675 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,762.5 Baht Sell Out 3,775 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,695.25 Baht Sell Out 3,837.5 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Diesel residents are looking forward to this, the MINISTRY announced a 50-baht diesel price reduction for the first time in 7 months. |Diesel residents are looking forward to this. The GOVERNMENT announced the first 50-baht diesel price cut in 7 months, resulting in a retail price of 34.50 baht per litre. Effective from February 15, 2023 onwards on February 2, 2023 Mr. Wisak Wattanasamon The director of the Office of the Fuel Fund (NBTC) said that the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund or THE ON. Approved the reduction of retail oil prices. Diesel down 50 satang per litre As a result, the retail price of diesel is 34.50 baht per liter. Effective February 15, 2023, this cut is the first time in seven months that diesel prices have been raised. At 35 baht per litre In 2022, the average price of gas oil in the global market was $135.53 per barrel, and in January 2023, the price of diesel fell by an average of $116.12 per barrel. For the next 4 months from January 21, 2023 to May 20, 2023, the measures will continue from February 2022 onwards. The fuel has improved in a better direction. It is expected that if the oil price situation continues to decline further. It is expected that the appropriateness of adjusting the retail price of diesel will be considered further. Currently, the fuel fund is estimated. Date 29 Jan 23 NEGATIVE STOOD AT 113,436 MILLION BAHT.
The survey revealed Digital Division Good job, good money, but high resignation rate. The main reason is more opportunity than return.|Nowadays, although careers in digital and technology are in high demand, if you look at the statistics, you can see that they are in high demand. Instead, the labor market is experiencing a constant shortage of personnel. According to the Employment Trends Survey in Thailand 2023 by Work & Reward (WTW), the number of employees in digitally specialized positions has increased by 20% from last year, with popular positions such as Cloud Computing Engineering, Machine Learning, Full Stack Development and Technology Product Development. Digital Marketing will become a rising star career in 2023, and another hot and highest-paid job is in data science and business intelligence. Good jobs, good money, but the most people quit, although it is a popular line of work for many people in this era, but the digital and technology sectors have a high turnover rate against the demand in the market. The top 5 positions with the highest number of employees resigning are SPONSOREDApplication Development (Internet/Web Application Development)Data Science and Business IntelligenceIT Architecture (Systems Design)Digital MarketingAgile / Scrum Master Project / Program Management. Because what digital workers look for is not only good compensation, such as opportunities to develop skills. According to the survey, the factors that attract new employees the most are salary, reputation of the organization. Good working environment, attractiveness of the organization's products or services, and creative opportunities. Among the businesses with the most demand for digital-related employment are tech, media and gaming, consumer products and retails, and life insurance. Proactive payment budgeting and design compensation and benefits packages that are competitive with other organizations. In addition, talent or employees with outstanding skills are often approached by other organizations in the market. This year, many business owners have also faced the challenge of recruiting digital talent and meet the requirements. Companies need to rethink the shortage of digital workers now. Pressure on many companies to find ways to offer benefits that are different and superior to their competitors. Many companies in Thailand are beginning to realize the need to offer better-than-average returns in the market for key positions such as Digital Marketing, Data Scientist and Application Developer. It's important to access the values and needs of a digital career and show that the company truly sees its potential. This leads to confidence that the work done will lead to career growth, so that it can motivate and retain employees. Transform the game into an effective business competition in the long run.
How to make money twice as fast as a big player|Real estate businesses in Thailand who have achieved success are usually large companies with heavy capital and high project development potential. The reason is important because the homebuilding business has to buy land to keep stock first. Therefore, it is necessary to use investment funds to winch the accumulated purchases. The more money you have, the better. Therefore, in the field of small real estate entrepreneurs whose capital is not thick. It may take more strategy to succeed. In particular, the strategy is to select areas where large companies may not be able to reach Siwarom Real Estate Public Company Limited or SVR, one of the smaller players and is about to raise capital. Choose tactics to build projects in small plots to make a difference. SVR's Senior Chief Financial Officer revealed that SVR, founded in 2017, primarily operates in low-rise real estate. With the idea that low-rise projects have consistent demands, SVR Marketing through 5 brands Grouped from townhouse groups starting at 1.7 million baht. Twin houses to single houses cost about 6.2 million baht. In the past, the company will focus on doing business in a fast-selling way, focusing on construction completion and high quality. We choose to develop projects in medium or small areas with an area of about 20-50 rai rather than developing projects in a single large area. Because the company sees that it will help the company to develop projects faster and generate cash flow faster"Siwarom's project development will be different from others because there is no backlog, no empty soil, we focus on developing projects in small areas and getting up projects quickly, which will help the company not to have to sink money into land accumulation"SPONSORED. However, the company will focus on buying 20-50 rai of small land with neighboring areas and developing 3-4 projects simultaneously. It took about 2 years to complete the construction and sale to finish the project, earning 2 billion as well, allowing us to bring the same sum of money. The company can generate 2 times the cash flow at the same time. Choosing to invest in nearby areas In order to be able to manage the construction at a reasonable cost"The big real estate companies will not do it like us because if the company is poorly managed, it may result in high construction costs, but we have planned and closed the sale on a local basis, so it is a highlight for us to be able to compete with the big ones"The prominence of SVR Ranarit's project is that it comes from high-quality projects and builds housing to meet customers' needs, including strong materials, resulting in consumer confidence. Net profit of 36 million baht Meanwhile, the company's full-year 2021 revenue was 576 million baht. Net profit of 64 million baht Currently, there are 6 projects worth 2,996 million baht. In view of SVR and the real estate business in 2023, growth is expected to continue. This is especially true in the single-family home market with high demand. Consumer confidence is strong again. SVR is set to be listed on the mai stock exchange on February 8. The offering of no more than 130 million shares at a price of 2.20 baht is set to be traded on February 8. For listing on the mai stock exchange, what SVR expects will build confidence among its customers, who must accept that being a publicly listed company is to build confidence with those who want to subscribe for the project that the company has a good foundation, credibility, as well as helping to create alternative access to financing for the company.
Thai stocks today, February 2, 2023, ended the morning stock market up 1.90 points, the index was at 1,687 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 1.90. The index is at 1,687.65. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on February 2, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose by 1.90 million baht. The index was at 1,687.65. The turnover was 35,068.10 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Hana Company MicroElectronics Public Company Limited 5. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited.
Ascott reveals 100% occupancy rate in Thonglor hotel traffic|Ascott reveals 100% occupancy rate in Thonglor hotel traffic, with the majority of customers being Asian. Brian Tan, General Manager of Ascott Thailand and Laos, said that in the past three years since the covid outbreak, the company has been able to increase its brand profile in Japan, Korea and China. Ascott in Thailand continues to grow and there is no need to reduce the number of employees. When the world is ready to open the country, including Thailand. This makes us ready to serve our customers immediately. The Ascott hotels we serve are: Ascott Brand Somerset Brand "The latest hotel chain that we have recently opened is Ascott Thonglor Bangkok. Unique facilities that provide high-quality serviced apartments for long-term stayers. Hotel rooms for short stays We have all kinds of rooms for everyone here." Vermirsh, General Manager of Ascott Thonglor Bangkok, said: "Our hotel is fully equipped with spacious space throughout the project. Ascott Thonglor Bangkok holds 451 luxury hotels and serviced apartments for customers to choose from for both short and long stays. Especially the long stay that adds a kitchen and laundry room, as well as studio, one-bedroom, two-bedroom and three-bedroom rooms. Connecting the best office districts in Bangkok, including international schools and leading restaurants, occupancy rates are 100%, especially after the opening of the country. Our guests include Japanese, Hong Kong, Taiwanese, Korean, and Chinese, as well as Europe and Africa." Customer service with rare ingredients and premium Kinki fish as well.
Fed slows interest rate hike, positively affects risky assets, points to Thailand's economic recovery, helping to draw money inflows |The Federal Reserve raised its policy rate by 0.25% to 4.50- 4.75%, a level that was lower than the previous one. Capital will continue to flow in. At the same time, the Thai economy grew better than expected, the Stock Exchange of Thailand reported the movement of foreign capital. In January, foreign investors bought 18,343 million baht of Thai stocks. Analysts at Asia Plus Securities said the Federal Reserve raised its policy rate by 0.25% to 4.50-4.75%, as analysts expected. While the interest rate outlook from now on, it is believed that the ceiling on the hike will remain only 0.25-0.5%, after which it is expected to see a stable interest rate and may see a decline in the 4th quarter of this year, while the yield on 2-year US bonds fell by 0.10% to 4.11%. As a result, foreign capital flows from safe-haven assets into more risky assets, with Thai and Chinese economies beginning to recover significantly. The manufacturing PMI (PMI manufacturing) of many countries has recovered quite clearly from the COVID-19 pandemic, reflecting the business sector expanding again, especially in Thailand and China, where the January PMI rose markedly and Thailand stood at 54.5 points, while the Chinese PMI stood at 50.1 points. Another issue that is in the spotlight is the imposition of taxes on the sale of shares, although the announcement has not yet been seen in the Official Gazette, but there are no signs that the Ministry of Finance will cancel the levy. Such uncertainties may generate intermittent speculation. The Thai stock market is still surrounded by positive factors, but there is pressure from the Q4 results that are at risk of a lower-than-expected outcome. The index ranges from 1680 to 1695 points, top picks select MAJOR, CPN and ADVANC. U.S. stock markets rose after the FOMC meeting began to signal monetary policy moves that are likely to be more accommodative for the rest of the year, and outlook for inflation slowed by the impact of the policy rate hike cycle. Mar 22. The company expects the index to respond positively to a better-than-expected FOMC meeting. In the range of 1,680-1,700 points, the group that is likely to rise better than the market is growth/technology and interest-rate sensitive groups such as finance and electronics and anti-commodity.
 Fed delays interest rate hike, pushes gold to 8-month high, YLG wins $2 billion |Today's Gold Price Movements The price continued to rise, most recently on Feb. 2, 2023, to $1,955 troy ounces. Gold prices hit an 8-month high from April 2022. Gold bullion sold out at 30,250 baht per gold baht. It rose more than 300 baht in a single day, mainly due to the easing of the Fed's interest rate hike. Mrs. Pawan Nawawattanasub Chief Executive Officer, YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG), Thailand's largest importer and exporter of gold bullion Gold prices rose significantly after the Federal Reserve (Fed) voted to raise its policy rate by 0.25% as expected by the market. However, at this meeting, the Fed chairman made a statement about the direction to keep the policy rate below the 5% level, which is lower than the market's estimate of 5.1%. In addition, gold was positively influenced by the recovery in gold buying from China after the opening of the country, as well as the slowdown in selling from SPDR funds, so gold continued to rise strongly, with the medium- to long-term this year, YLG estimated its gold target at USD 1,960-2,000 per troy ounce and continued to recommend a portfolio stake of 5-15% as a safe-haven asset to reduce portfolio volatility for short-term investment strategies. Investors are advised to buy when the price is dormant, providing support at USD 1,900 per troy ounce. Resistance at 1,966-1,983 USD per troy ounce. THE DOMESTIC GOLD PRICE ESTIMATES A MOVEMENT IN THE RANGE OF 29,500-30,750 BAHT PER BAHT.
7 months diesel reduction 50 st. The price adjustment is effective from February 15, 2023.|"A.B." knocks down diesel prices 50 satang per litre This is the first decline in 7 months, effective February 15. After the world price decreases - the Treasury continues to reduce taxes, making the condition of the fund better. Aiming to stick to the world price, the fate will fall further, hoping to raise LPG on March 1 by 15 baht/bucket. Signal the state to reduce energy prices, both oil and electricity bills, ordering PTT to accelerate contracts to buy cheap gas. PTTEP accelerates gas production in the Gulf of Thailand to the same level by early 2024 in order to reduce the cost of electricity generation. The first price cut in 7 months was revealed on February 2 by Mr. Wisak Wattanasam, director of the Fuel Fund Office (NBTC). It was revealed that the Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund or ABON. Approved a reduction in the retail price of diesel fuel by 50 satang per litre. Effective February 15, the retail price of diesel is 34.45 baht per liter (from 34.95 baht per liter as of February 2, 2023). This is the first decline in 7 months after the price of diesel jumped to 35 baht per liter from June 14, 2022. Last year's average was $135.53 per barrel. Meanwhile, the January 2023 price fell by an average of $116.12, allowing the oil fund to collect money from diesel users. As of February 2, 2023, it was 5.10 baht per liter. In addition, the Cabinet approved the reduction of diesel excise tax of 5 baht per liter for the next 4 months (January 21 to May 20), resulting in improved liquidity management of the oil fund." MR. WISAK SAID SPONSORED, DIRECTOR OF THE FUEL FUND OFFICE. He said the reduction in diesel prices will take effect from Feb. 15 because the private sector will have time to manage its stockpiles. The company will closely monitor global market prices to determine changes in diesel retail prices in the next phase. It will be reduced by up to 2 baht per litre as proposed by the Ministry of Finance because it wants the reduction of fuel excise tax to be delivered directly to the people. Accept that there is an opportunity. If global market prices continue to decline, the market price will continue to fall. Therefore, it is necessary to monitor the global market and oil funds, maintaining a gradual approach to price reductions periodically, but must look at the global market price mainly because it remains highly volatile and so as not to deprive the oil fund of income or be too risky, Mr. Wisak said that as of January 29, the estimate of the negative oil fund position was 113,436 million baht. Oil accounts were negative 68,133 million baht. LPG account negative 45,303 million baht The LPG account is set to not exceed 48 billion baht since the latest global market price reached USD 800 per ton. As a result, the oil fund had to subsidize the price on behalf of the people at the level of 6.12 baht per kilogram. To reflect the actual cost, the retail price of LPG must now be 460-470 baht per 15 kg drum, but the price is currently only 408 baht per 15 kg drum. On January 20, it agreed to increase the retail price of LPG by 15 baht per tank to 423 baht per 15 kg tank with effect from March 1-31. Lpg prices and diesel prices in the global market must also be monitored, said Mr. Pornchai Jirakulpaisan, director of the Office of Policy and Strategy. The NBTC said that the global diesel price, if it falls below $120, the chances of reducing the retail price in the country are high, but other environmental factors must be looked at. Loans from commercial banks circulate liquidity in oil funds. The first round of 3 0,000 million baht has already been paid off, pending in the 2nd round on the same day. Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister, said the reduction in diesel fuel was due to the situation of falling oil prices. If there is going to be another downward adjustment, it must be in the right conditions and must be discussed with the Ministry of Finance, as the agency that guarantees the loan of the Oil Fund. It is a reduction in remittances to the Oil Fund. If it does not affect the debt spending of the oil fund, the government is ready to reduce it. Currently, the oil fund has about 110 billion baht, Mr. Supattanapong said. Although the price of liquefied natural gas in the global market has now fallen from $40 per million BTU to around $17 per million BTU today, it is important to watch for increases and fluctuations in LNG prices, driven by european hostilities and climate change that have caused extreme cold in many countries and increased demand for LNG. During the decline in natural gas prices, PTT has urged ptt to accelerate its decision on futures contracts to lock down LNG prices in the domestic market at low prices. Meanwhile, price negotiations confirm that Thailand has the option to generate electricity using both natural gas and diesel. To be able to negotiate the purchase and import contract at the most affordable price, the Deputy Prime Minister and The Energy Minister said that at the same time, he instructed PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited to expedite the increase in natural gas production in the Gulf of Thailand. Natural gas production in the Gulf of Thailand is now 50% of natural gas production. Chevron has produced By this year, it will be about 75% of the original production volume. Early next year, it is expected that natural gas production in the Gulf of Thailand will return to 100%, increasing fuel options to generate electricity from domestic fuels. REDUCING IMPORTS OF LNG AND HELPING TO REDUCE THE COST OF ELECTRICITY GENERATION HAS BEEN SPONSORED"ELECTRICITY BILLS IN THE NEXT PERIOD ARE POSSIBLE IN MANY WAYS. Although gas prices have fallen during this period, do not underestimate because gas prices may increase all the time. Electricity bills of citizens The government already has measures in place to take care of it. As for the private sector, Working together, a joint committee has been set up to solve the problem. If we work together successfully, the electricity bill will also go down." Mr. Supattanapong said at the end.
Department of Energy injects 24 billion baht to support EV battery production|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy He revealed after chairing the meeting of the National Electric Vehicle Policy Committee (EV Board) that he had considered measures to support battery production in order to promote a fully integrated electric vehicle production base in Thailand. Due now. Thailand has attracted interest from the world's largest battery manufacturers to invest in building an EV battery manufacturing plant in the country. After the government has set clear targets for electric vehicle production in accordance with the 30@30 policy or 30% production by 2030 and continuously launches measures to promote demand-supply. This gives investors more confidence. At the same time, the domestic electric vehicle market is growing by leaps and bounds. As a result of the measures to support the use of electric vehicles, which the EV board approved last year, and the car manufacturers from China and Europe, which are major customers of battery manufacturers, have already invested in electric vehicles in Thailand. The EV board therefore approved in principle the measures to support battery production by providing excise tax benefits from 8% to 1%. For the production of cellular batteries in Thailand. The grant will depend on the size of the battery plant and the specific power capacity of the battery. If it is a battery factory higher than 8 GWh, it will be funded between 600-800 baht/kWh. This is because the budget limit is limited. The grant will be based on the principle of "invest in production first, get funding first", whereby government grants to battery manufacturers will help to lower the cost of electric vehicles. IN ADDITION, THE EV BOARD HAS CONSIDERED IMPORTANT ISSUES SUCH AS MEASURES TO DRIVE THE PRODUCTION OF INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE (ICE), WHICH IS A LARGE GROUP OF CARS IN THE COUNTRY, TO BE ABLE TO TRANSITION TO THE PRODUCTION OF ELECTRIC-POWERED VEHICLES. Establishment of a subcommittee overseeing the conversion of used cars into electric vehicles (EV conversions).
E-commerce flags up online trade by 7.1 trillion baht|Mr. Praise Samalapa assistant Minister of Commerce It was revealed after the e-commerce committee meeting, which was attended by representatives from more than 30 government agencies and the private sector, that the meeting approved the preparation of the national e-commerce plan. Phase 2 (2023-70) aims to increase the value of domestic e-commerce to 7.1 trillion baht. And the proportion of exports traded through the e-commerce market to 20% by 2027 to enable Thai e-commerce to grow both domestically and internationally. Phase 2 has defined four strategic areas: 1. Workforce development, citizenship and digital entrepreneurship; 2. Develop the environment and factors that are favorable for the development of e-commerce. 3. Enhance confidence in transactions in the e-commerce industry and 4. Develop online platforms and promote online commerce both domestically and across borders. In 2023, the value of Thai e-commerce is expected to recover as the tourism industry and the e-commerce ecosystem in all sectors return to full normality by leveraging the platform economy, such as promoting the expansion of BCG products (bioeconomy, circular economy and green economy) and online trade negotiations to help reduce inequality. DEVELOPING THE COUNTRY'S FOUNDATIONAL ECONOMY.SPONSORED
"Akhom Fill pitayapaisit" Yan does not postpone the tax on the sale of shares.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit Minister of Finance Revealed that there is a trend in the Thai capital market that there will be a postponement or cancellation of the sales tax, causing the group of stocks of securities companies or brokers to speculate. The law is still in the process of being considered by the Decree Committee, which cannot specify when it will be published in the Official Gazette, the reporter reported. The draft stock sales tax bill has been completed and has been sent back to the Ministry of Finance and the Office of the Cabinet Secretariat. The Minister shall present to the Minister when the petition is submitted and published in the Official Gazette. The law will come into effect 90 days after the announcement in the Government Gazette in order for the relevant authorities to prepare the collection of the share sales tax divided into 2 phases: the first period at the rate of 0.055% including local tax until December 31, 2023 and the second period at the rate of 0.11% including local tax from January 1, 2024 onwards. The seller does not have to file a tax return with the Revenue Department. It is estimated that the state will earn 15,000-16,000 million baht per year from the sales tax.
The car market is boiling! Suzuki offensively hard. Organize a campaign that resonates with you - help pay off for up to 10 months|Mr. Wallop Triruekngam, Executive Vice President, Suzuki Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd., the market leader in eco-cars. It revealed that the country's economic outlook is improving due to positive factors such as the reopening of the country. The shortage of parts has subsided. Therefore, the overall car market in Thailand in 2023 is expected to reach approximately 900,000 units, with a growth rate of 5% better than in the previous year. With a total sales of 848,589 units, Suzuki has sold a total of 20,083 units, and the Suzuki Swift remains Suzuki's flagship model that continues to drive sales growth. It will be given to those who book and receive all Suzuki models within February 1-30. We have partners who are leading financial institutions in the country to join exclusive leasing. It helps with loan approvals to diversify and helps customers own Suzuki cars more conveniently." Suzuki Swift can choose to receive a special offer with 0% interest on all GL, GLX, GL PLUS models, or choose to receive suzuki up to 10 months installment for GL and GLX models at 4,000 baht per month, for GL PLUS models at 3,500 baht per month, free first-class insurance and 24-hour emergency assistance for 3 years for eco-cars "Suzuki Celerio" starting at 1,999 baht per month.
Lactasoy 6 baht Papers Plains, like Bad, is a presenter who likes baby tooth teenagers.|Lactasoy The company aims to increase its production capacity to 300 million boxes per year to support growth in both the country and Indochina. You can launch a new campaign. Papers Plains sits on the presenter's podium and performs the soundtrack of the 125-milliliter lactasoy commercial, aiming for sales growth of 5-8% this year on February 3, 2023. Chief Sales Officer of Lactasoy Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and distributor of Lactasoy soy milk beverages, said that the overall business of Lactasoy in 2022 continued to grow at a steady growth rate with sales of 10,614 million baht. The growth was driven by consumers' trust in Lactasoy products and maintaining a reasonable selling price structure over the past period, as well as the launch of new products. The company expects to achieve sales growth of around 5-8% this year for Lactasoy's business direction in 2023. The target country is Indochina. DOMESTIC SALES CONTINUE TO BE THROUGH THE MAIN CHANNEL BY DISTRIBUTING PRODUCTS THROUGH MORE THAN 73 WAREHOUSES NATIONWIDE. It is also more focused on improving online sales. In addition, the Company plans to expand its production capacity by 300 million boxes per year by investing in new machines in its manufacturing plant in Prachinburi to support the growth of the domestic market in Indochina. Develop new machines to replace existing machines with low production capacity, including investing more than 150 million baht to install solar cells. In the clean energy project "Price hike from 5 baht to 6 baht, we have to learn that we are trying to delay the price hike since the end of 60-61 with the sweetness tax. Milk powder went up by almost 40%, vegetable fat doubled in price, and packaging went up in price, so we needed to raise some prices, but the main ones that sold well we just adjusted the price, and we confirmed that we are the last brand to rise in the industry." For its domestic marketing strategy, the campaign was launched with the launch of new presenters, including hot artists. Papers Plains Paper Planes is ready to make the soundtrack for the movie Lactasoy 125 ml. aimed at creating a recognition of the Lactasoy brand. Children and individuals, who are also lactasoy consumers. Meanwhile, the international market will focus on Indochina, which will begin to actively engage in advertising in order to expand the market to a higher value for Lactasoy products. 125 milliliters has not been reduced and still stands to fill the full box of 125 milliliters. There are guidelines for marketing by setting appropriate retail prices. Lactasoy products have been produced in full boxes for decades and sold at the same price. There was no reduction in the number of items, and the price of dairy and soy milk products in the market has already risen. If the price per packing quantity of the item is compared. We remain confident that Lactasoy has the best and most cost-effective prices in the dairy and soy milk market. During the second quarter of 2023, the Company will develop and adjust the formulation of certain flavors to meet consumer demand. At present, the Company's products that have received feedback from consumers and have the highest sales are: Original flavors account for over 80% of sales. Hi calcium, black sesame seeds, light with collagen, green tea, and unsweetened lactasoy that continue to receive feedback from consumers according to lactasoy data survey, currently the soy milk market is worth about 19 billion baht. With the dietary value of protein-rich soy milk that is essential for repairing worn parts of the body, and in line with the trend of consuming plant-based plant-based proteins, it is confident that it will continue to receive feedback from consumers and continue to grow.
5 IPOs traded this month Brokers pry the deadwood, add discounts, lock up big stocks, hope customers book stocks.|Opportunity to race 5 IPO stocks ready to trade This February, Finansa believes the market conditions can cope. The point is to build confidence with investors both at discounts and locking in old stocks. It helps to build confidence in investors to buy shares, the movement of bringing the company to raise capital on the stock exchange. During February, there were 5 companies preparing to enter into an initial public offering, including Sivarom Real Estate Public Company Limited or SVR, with an offering price of 2.20 baht to be traded on mai on February 8, New Tree SC Public Company Limited or NTSC, with an offering price of 26.25 baht, preparing to be traded on the mai stock exchange on February 9. Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited (PQS) will be listed on the stock exchange on February 14, while Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited (PQS) has set an offering price of 6.00 baht per share. Blueventure Group Public Company Limited (BVG) is preparing to trade on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) in the middle of this month. Mr. Teerachat Silpsonthayanon director Finansa Securities Co., Ltd. revealed that despite the stock-raising in November 2018, the company was not aware of any significant increases. But it is believed that the trading liquidity available on the stock market at this time is sufficient to receive funding. "This year, IPO stocks will come in a lot, although February will have 5 stocks to trade, but it will not be the most likely period, at the end of the year there will be more stocks to trade, this year there may be more stocks to raise capital, more than 20-30 securities may be raised this year." Because the stocks that enter this period are small-cap stocks, the strategy of offering shares to investors during this period. On the side of Finansa Asset Management, it is the underwriter and underwriter of the shares. Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited (PQS) expects to offer its shares in November 2020. We see that pricing the IPO at 6.00 baht is a reasonable price and provides discounts to investors, as well as locking in shares for existing shareholders, which will not be sold during the IPO period. The par value of Baht 1 per share represents 25.37% of the total issued and paid-up ordinary shares after the offering. The Chief Executive Officer of Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited (PQS) revealed that the fundraising was held in 2019. The Company will use the money to invest in the construction of tapioca starch plants, including the construction of biogas power plants, with revenues currently in the top 10 of players in the Thai tapioca starch market.
Thai stocks today, February 3, 2023, ended the morning up 4.04 points, the index was at 1,686 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 4.04 to 1,686.62. Turnover 34,723.20 On February 3, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 4.04, a change of 0.24%, to 1,686.62. The turnover was 34,723.20 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 4. Company Pure Energy Plc. 5. PTT Public Company Limited.
Opening a new era in 2023, Big Tech lays off more than 50,000 employees in a single month.|Over the past year, technology companies around the world have laid off hundreds of thousands of jobs. Amid concerns of a possible recession, the battle doesn't end there. Tech giants have announced another wave of layoffs, with January alone laying off more than 50,000 employees, amazon laid off 18,000 employees, or about 1.1% of its total 1.6 million employees. The affected departments are Amazon Stores and People, Experience, Technology (PXT) as economic volatility has left the company facing slowing sales growth and increased costs from overemployment during COVID. Cost cuts will allow the company to find long-term investment opportunities with a stronger cost structure.Alphabet, Google's parent company, laid off 12,000 employees, representing 6% of its total workforce, as a result of overemployment during COVID, and financial statements in Q3 both revenue and profit were lower than expected. While overall revenue growth slowed to 6% in Q4, Google Cloud grew 38% year-on-year to $6.9 billion, Microsoft laid off 10,000 employees, representing 5% of its total workforce, to restructure its focus on investing in AI projects that the company expects to generate long-term growth after the first quarter of 2023. As a result, net income fell by 14% compared to the same period last year.SPONSOREDSalesforce laid off 8,000 employees, representing 10% of the total workforce, due to overemployment during the COVID-19 pandemic. IBM laid off 3,900 employees, representing 1.5% of the total workforce, as a result of the breakup of the Kyndryl technology services business from its core business, and sales from its health data analytics business PayPal layoffs of 2,000 employees, representing 7%, due to worsening economic pressures. The company has been affected by excessive employment during COVID in response to the rapidly increasing volume of payments on the platform of its customers. When customer payment volumes slow down as more people go shopping at the storefront. PayPalMeta laid off 11,000 employees, representing 13% of its total workforce, as the company invested $9.4 billion in the development of the metaverse in 2022, which has not yet taken shape, resulting in a 19% year-on-year increase in expenses in the third quarter to $22.1 billion. Operating income fell 46% year-on-year to $5.66 billion. Twitter has changed dramatically since the introduction of new CEO Elon Musk took over and laid off 3,700 employees, representing 50% of the total workforce. The transition is not small, especially among technology companies that have brought movement to many industries around the world, according to computerworld, cnbc, npr, cnn, nytimes, cnet, crn sponsored.
Get up fast, move forward, dream| Dr. Nakarin Amret, Siam Commercial Bank Kong Si Fa Chai (恭喜发财), which means "to be rich", is the closing statement of a bank's 2022 financial results. Ahead of the Chinese New Year, it reflected the positive outlook for the financial and banking industry in the past year. This is in line with the opening sentence in the Bank of Thailand's December 2022 Economic and Salary Press Release, which said that in December 2022, the Thai economy continued to recover from the previous month. All of them have common points on the full recovery of the Thai economy, so let's review where we are going from this point on. It is a time when the domestic economy is fully moving forward. At the same time, inflation has already passed its peak. This is partly due to the MPC's gradual hike in interest rates, which is cautious not to affect the economic recovery momentum amid concerns that debt quality could deteriorate when financing costs rise, especially in vulnerable groups such as low-income households or SMEs with high levels of debt. however What has already happened is enough to give a positive picture that the debt quality is not getting worse as far as it is concerned. This is due to the ongoing debt restructuring measures coupled with the presence of spot measures and sustainable debt solutions for vulnerable groups. MEANWHILE, THE BANKING SYSTEM STILL HAS STRONG CAPITAL AND RESERVE LEVELS TO SUPPORT THE GROWING THAI ECONOMY AMID THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN. McKinsey took lessons from more than 200 top executives from the world's leading organizations who exchanged views on corporate resilience by defining resilience as having three components: after falling down due to a crisis such as COVID-19, not only to get up quickly, to recover quickly, but to be able to move further and be ready to pursue dreams of success going forward. Generate up to €3 billion in assets for europe's leading auto parts operators, redefine supply chain structures Reduce costs in respect of high-risk suppliers by 40% for global electronics manufacturers, reducing the carbon footprint of core businesses. This has led to major cost reductions for the world's leading mining companies, reducing risks and enhancing data security. As a result, the leaders of agricultural production in the global market have successfully transitioned through advanced analytics, systematically creating a visual view of the future situation. As a result, leading automotive companies make the right decision to diversify their production base to cope with the expected future. It helps utility businesses with an annual cost of 5 billion euros. Formulate strategies to deal with inflationary pressures, turn the crisis into growth opportunities. It is worth noting that successful businesses must face change and choose strategies to make decisions based on evidence. Therefore, it is hoped that the Thai business sector will be prepared and able to plan for the change in order to rise quickly, move forward, and dream successfully.
The grantee has not yet been announced. Treasury warns against scammers impersonating "state welfare cards"|Ministry of Finance warns against fraudsters claiming to receive rights The "State Welfare Registration Program" reiterated that the list of eligible citizens has not yet been announced on February 3, 2023, said Pornchai Thieravej, director of the Bureau of Fiscal Policy, as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance. It was revealed that fraudsters impersonating Ministry of Finance officials deceived the public into believing that they were eligible under the State Welfare Registration Scheme (THE SCHEME) 2022 and conducting various transactions in accordance with the recommendations of the Ministry of Finance fraudsters. Please note that the 2022 project has not yet announced the list of eligible citizens due to the large amount of information required to be checked by several rights checking units in order to be accurate. This will expedite the completion and announcement to the public as soon as possible. The Ministry of Finance does not have a policy for officials to call the public to inform the public of the results of the authentication and/or recommend any transactions, so the public is asked not to be fooled and process any transactions according to the scammers' scams. For people who are victims of fraud Complaints or whistleblowing can be made at your local police station or the Royal Thai Police Office and can be followed through various channels of the Ministry of Finance through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th or the State Welfare Card Customer Relations Center Tel. 0-2109-2345. 08.30-17.30 except public holidays.
Thai agricultural exports contracted for the first time in 2 years. High inflation, global economic slowdown|Krungthai COMPASS Research Center, Krungthai Bank Overall, exports of agricultural products and agro-industry in the fourth quarter of 2022 contracted by 5.7% year-on-year. Exports contracted in all major markets. China, the largest market, accounted for 29% of total agricultural and agro-industrial exports, contracted by 5.7% year-on-year due to China's strict zero-COVID measures, slowing down purchasing power and consumption in China, as well as the U.S. market, which accounted for 11% of total agricultural and agro-industrial exports, shrank by 19.3% due to concerns in the U.S. economy to slow down. In the fourth quarter, the company contracted by 4.0%. While the expanding commodity segment includes canned and processed seafood, the growth rate was significantly slower compared to the previous quarter of the agricultural and agro-industrial export situation in the key categories. 4 Exports contracted slightly at 2.2% year-on-year, especially jasmine rice, with export value contracting by 13.8% from a 24.5% contraction in exports from the previous year, as trading partners accelerated imports from the first half of 2022 due to concerns over the Russia-Ukraine conflict. 7.8% and 8.7%, respectively. The value of white rice exports in the fourth quarter continued to expand by 6.2% due to volume factors expanding by 6.3%, as white rice export prices remained at a level that could be more competitive with competitors such as Vietnam and India. There has also been an increase in imports, especially in the Middle East and China. From food security concerns In the past, natural disasters have occurred in many countries and affected agricultural production. There are also positive factors from the revival of relations between Thailand and Saudi Arabia. As a result, Thailand has been able to expand its market to more Middle East markets. Exports of fresh, chilled, frozen and dried fruits in Q4 turned to expansion. After the lifting of zero-COVID measures, exports to China grew by 3.1%, led by a 10.2% increase in exports to China, the main market, and exports of fresh, chilled, frozen and processed chicken in the fourth quarter continued to expand due to the increase in demand in the main export markets in the fourth quarter of 2022, expanding by 18.7% from the same period last year. Rice exports are expected to recover. In 2023, it is expected to be 7.7 million tons and in 2024 it will be 8 million tons, which is still lower than the historical average. It is important to compete with major competitors such as Vietnam and India, while rubber is expected to continue to shrink, reaching 113 billion baht by 2023. 13% decrease and 2024 will be 106 billion baht. The 6% decrease was due to lower export prices, but quantitatively expanded well, driven by an increase in global rubber output rather than demand. Export of fresh, frozen and processed chicken It is expected to be 1.01 million tonnes in 2023. Exports to Europe continued to expand, benefiting from the protracted war between Russia and Ukraine.
Be patient. Tomorrow "Oil Price" Gasohol group fell 30 sat.|Smiling car users announce a reduction in the price of gasohol by 30 st. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Feb. 3, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on day 4. The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.65 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.38 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.74 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.19 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.64 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
2 Big Tech Alphabet - Amazon Earnings Fall, Reports 2022 Profit Comes Below Expectations, Macroeconomic Poisoning|Alphabet, Google's parent company, posted a 21% reduction in profits. Up 10% year-on-year Net profit stood at $59 billion. In 2021, during the pandemic, Alphabet posted quarterly profit growth, but in 2022, the company's performance was affected by macroeconomic factors.21 Higher interest rates and inflation, which encourages advertisers to control spending by YouTube, are the areas where marketers withdraw the most in addition, Alphabet faces rising administrative costs, along with pressure from the U.S. Department of Justice. Google's market monopoly for the number one alphabet revenue share from Google Services stands at $678 billion. In second place was Google Advertising at $59 billion, followed by Google Search at $426 billion, Google Network at $8.4 billion and YouTube Advertising at $7.96 billion. In 2022, revenue from Google Cloud was the only business that increased 32% year-on-year to $7.32 billion.  Meanwhile, revenues such as the Waymo driverless vehicle unit, the HealthTech project and joint ventures with other companies increased from a year earlier to $226 million, and Alphabet also announced deepmind's performance, a subsidiary that develops AI research, that it will not report consolidated its results in the first quarter of 2023, but will be reported as part of corporate costs, while emphasizing its continued focus on ai systems and internal experiments in conjunction with the company's search engine products. Following pressure from ChatGPT, launched late last year by OpenAISPONSORED for its 2023 roadmap, Alphabet will undertake a cost restructuring as part of its cost-cutting efforts to ensure financial stability and growth across the Group, particularly focusing on the YouTube video platform business that recently launched YouTube Shorts to compete with TikTokAmazon, losing over $2.7 billion. Amazon's revenue share is number one from e-commerce sales, with North American sales at $310 billion. That's up 13% from last year for cloud businesses or Amazon Web Services (AWS) at $80.1 billion. It was the largest profit of $22.8 billion but had a net loss of $2.7 billion. This was partly due to a pre-tax valuation loss of $2.3 billion from investments in electric vehicle company Rivian Automotive, Inc., in which the company holds a 20% stake and has invested $700 million since 2019, and the slowdown in the cloud computing business pulled overall sales growth to its lowest level in decades, although in the last quarter of 2022, Amazon was able to generate more revenue from advertising, expanding other services, and charging sellers in the market by 20%. This is due to declining demand for digital. Continuing with rising interest rates and inflation, which gave consumers more control over costs in the last quarter of 2022, Amazon experienced a loss of investor confidence and higher cost control efforts in its merchant and logistics sectors due to economic factors. This leads to the beginning of the termination of the project and the cessation of the expansion of the warehouse. As part of a cost-cutting plan to cope with the changing economic conditions for its 2023 roadmap, Amazon plans to improve its customer experience and improve additional costs. Revenue in the first quarter of 2023 is projected to be $12.1 billion. to $12.6 billion. It said the slowdown in earnings would continue for the first three months of this year.According to Bloomberg, Amazon 
Bookings are open from March 8 and stays from March 11 to April 30. |Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) The results of the discussions with Krungthai Bank, the system management team of the We Travel Together project, were revealed. Phase 5 has concluded to start accepting applications for new entrepreneurs. The hotel will be open to the public on March 8, 2023 and will start staying on March 11, 2023, and April 27, 2023 will be the last day to book the hotel, so that April 30, 2023 will be the last day of stay and the end date of the program. While the disbursement must be completed before September 30, 2023, "We Travel Together Phase 5, people will be able to stay from March 11 to April 30, 2023, with a total of 560,000 privileges, with 5 privileges or 5 rooms per person, where the government will pay a 40% discount on accommodation up to 3,000 baht per room and 600 baht per day. Accommodation operators restaurant Tourist attractions, shops, OTOP shops, spas/health massages, transportation for tourism can apply for the project via .com The hotel/property must submit the number and room rate information along with the additional rate plan for the eligible person must be 18 years of age or older. Register for the program via www.We Travel Together.com Ready to install paotang application Bookings must be made 3 days in advance of departure, down from the original 7-day limit because of the tourism behavior now that Thais have decided to shorten. The travel period is within 1 month to make people use the privilege faster. And attracting Thais to visit Thailand during the Songkran long weekend should help stimulate tourism during songkran season. April improved. As for the results of the project, we travel together phase 5 from the budget of 2,016 million baht. TAT expects to generate total revenue of 12,539 million baht. Direct income of 9,205 million baht Indirect revenue of 3,334 million baht.SPONSORED Read related news
Open statistics to punish offenders in the era of "Ruamdee Suwanmongkol"|Reporters report on law enforcement statistics from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). For 4 years, Ms. Ruamdee Suwanmongkol Became Secretary-General During the period from May 1, 2019 to January 2023, Ms. Ruamdee will complete her 4-year term on April 30, 2023. In the past four years, a total of 587 criminal cases have been prosecuted, 312 cases have been prosecuted, 68 cases have been prosecuted and 207 cases have been prosecuted, while 32 civil cases have been prosecuted with a total of 137 offenders and a total of 1,091 million baht in civil fines. Meanwhile, there are still those who do not agree to comply with the civil penalties that The SEC has filed a civil lawsuit to bring a total of 45 lawsuits. Criminal prosecutions tripled from 209 criminal cases to 418 charges and 126.56 million baht in fines. Compared to 2021, the penalty was only 45.67 million baht. From 58 criminal prosecutions, including 131 charges, including 31 cases in 2011, from 10 in 2021, and 94 cases from 64 to 49, civil cases with 8 cases agreed to comply with civil penalties were recorded in 2011, but the number of offenders increased from 64 to 37 to 42, and civil fines decreased to 74.04 million baht. Reimbursement of 22.15 million baht and reimbursement of audit expenses of 1.95 million baht From 2021, civil penalties amounted to 178.74 million baht. There are companies that were compared and condemned by the SEC in 2019-2022, such as fines on Bitkub Exchange and 3 executives for creating artificial digital assets, comparing fines of 75.01 million baht, fines for Satang Pro and 4 related parties for creating artificial digital assets, fines of 12.01 million baht, and Zipmex-and Mr. Ekalap Yimvilai, executives. Failing to submit operational information for investigation, accusing Asia Wealth Asset Management for exploiting customer assets for the company, accusing Mr. Khajonpong Khamdee and 14 others of spinning EARTH shares and filing a prosecutor against Dr. Boon Wanasin. In case of refusing to pay a fine in case of dissemination of false important messages, etc.
Onyx Hospitality expands its hotel portfolio and expects 2023 revenue to reach 8.8 billion baht|Onyx Hospitality Group enters Southeast Asia market with 11 more hotels, resorts and serviced apartments to support the recovery of travelers. Foreign businessman Revenue expected in 2023 to reach 8,800 million baht. Chief Executive Officer, Onyx Hospitality Group, a hotel management operator, resort and serviced apartment operator such as Amari, OZO and Shama, said that in 2023, ONYX Hospitality Group has set a key strategy to expand its business both domestically and internationally. This is to support the recovery of the tourism industry, especially Southeast Asia, as it is a region that is likely to recover quickly to pre-pandemic levels. It is also an important destination for tourists. SPONSORED travelers as well as expat groups who want to live in the hub of many businesses and tourism. This year, ONYX Hospitality Group aims to expand its business portfolio by 11 more locations to support the recovery and growth of quality growth in 2023. Malaysia, Hong Kong and the Maldives are the main strategic areas to market and expand their business portfolios, especially Malaysia is a very important new market for the future of ONYX Group because it is a large country with high purchasing power. There are also many trips of foreign businessmen. Therefore, the company plans to launch three major brands, Amari, OZO and Shama, covering Malaysia's economy and tourism sector later this year, while Quality Partnerships is another key of Onyx Hospitality Group, which focuses on building long-term partnerships to grow together. In line with the current business trends, investors are looking to collaborate with strong brands to help promote each other's business potential in the ONYX segment. With its diversified portfolio that covers all target groups and has been recognized for a long time through its flexible business, easy access and adaptability to partner challenges, as well as a strong network throughout the region, it has earned the trust of major domestic and international investors such as Buriram United, SP SETIA, a major property developer in Malaysia, JR Kyushu from Japan, Tai Hung Fai from Hong Kong or Panchshil from India. A luxury hotel brand that focuses on creating an immersive experience for guests staying - OZO, a hotel brand that focuses on lifestyle customers who love to discover new fun- Shama, a serviced apartment brand focused on the current Expat & Long stay group. ONYX Hospitality Group has a total of 44 business portfolios covering Thailand, Malaysia, China, Hong Kong, Maldives, Bangladesh and Lao PDR, with 18% owned and 82% being sponsored for the progress of each of ONYX's major brands. Let's start with the brand. Amari Thailand is currently preparing to rebrand to create a new experience that can better meet the needs of customers in each group of customers, while overseas has opened two additional locations in Malaysia, Amari Kuala Lumpur and Amari Spice Penang, as well as one additional Amari Raya Maldives for the brand. OZO Ozo Medini is planned to open in Medini, Iskandar, Malaysia. The Chama brand has already opened six locations in Thailand, 10 locations across Hong Kong and China, and two more in Malaysia. "In 2023, ONYX Hospitality Group aims to generate revenue of hotels invested in itself and managed by the Company at 8,800 million baht, or about 60% growth from 2022."
Ooca Online Psychiatrist Consultation Platform Close serie A investment deal from BDMS|Uga Online psychiatrist consultation platform ready to close serie A investment deal from Bangkok Dusit Medical Services and raise the standard of Thai public health Increase the country's competitiveness. Suriya Sangpet or Dr. Ik The founder of ooca said: The online psychiatrist consultation platform is the first medical and health tech in Thailand to introduce telemedicine to help consult psychiatrists and psychologists through an application that has more than 180,000 users nationwide. Change the way people look at psychology. Five years ago, people still didn't understand mental health and didn't understand how telemedicine could help people's mental health to this day. Video calls with psychiatrists and psychologists have become a popular achievement, a success for UGA, who has been a leader in bringing innovation to improve service and communication models. CHANGE TO CHANGE THE STANDARD OF SERVICE OF PSYCHOLOGY TO BE REAL. ooca closes Series A investment deal, which is a major funding milestone for startups with Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited (BDMS). It provides services covering all forms of mental health both online and offline, as well as expanding customer care in a variety of dimensions through the creation of innovations in social psychology on a larger scale. Uga and BDMS will accelerate the development and create new projects together.  Boonyarangsan, Assistant Vice President of Corporate Sustainability Operations Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited (BDMS) said that the company has an important goal to improve the efficiency of medical care for excellence internationally. The most important thing in selecting technology for BDMS is to ensure that the selected technologies have the potential to be used effectively in the medical service system. CREATED BY THAI PEOPLE FOR THAI PEOPLE BECAUSE INNOVATION DEVELOPMENT CANNOT BE ACHIEVED BY WORKING ALONE. In order to enhance medical services, both physical and mental health, which is an important issue in the sustainable development of quality of life, and part of the cogs that help to raise the standard of public health in Thailand and increase the country's competitiveness.
Around the Fence Marketing : GON Disciples Like Bar B Q Plaza dipping sauce is now available nationwide.|On February 5, 2023, The Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests Bar B Q Plaza is available at more than 36 branches nationwide at a price of 119 baht per bottle. On the e-commerce platform Lazada at the end of 2022, the response from customers exceeded expectations. Bar B Q Plaza has expanded its distribution channels to the storefront. In Bangkok, metropolitan areas and more than 21 provinces to make customers more convenient to buy, the company aims to make GON Product a dipping sauce product that every home trusts and can cook a variety of dishes. It is not limited to grilling. The first day of barbecue sauce will be released on February 1, 2023 onwards and is expected to be expanded to all branches nationwide by the end of 2023. The Chief Executive Officer of Muang Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited presided over the "Agency Kick off 2023" event under the theme of Speed up your success to welcome the New Year of the Golden Rabbit 2023 to executives and sales departments nationwide to build morale and confidence among all representatives, as well as to provide policies and guidelines for the implementation of the strategic goals of 2023. Mr. Bhumichai Lamsam, Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer, together with executives of Muang Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited, attended the event at the Royal Jubilee Ballroom, Muang Thong Thani, Kerry Co., Ltd. Express (Thailand) Public Company Limited or KEX, a leader in express parcel delivery business throughout Thailand. Create happiness in every delivery. In addition to delivering fast to sure all over Thailand, no matter which alley. Which split? Kerry delivered to the latest Release mascot images New look, new look Modern, nimble, peace of mind Than ever before. In bright colors according to the Kerry style, the younger one comes with agility, intelligence and knowledge, plus playfulness, friendliness and good mood that anyone who sees wants to be a representative to deliver everything good every day. Secretly whisper! now You don't have a name yet, who is interested in giving your name or participating in activities? You can follow us on Facebook fanpage Kerry Express Thailand soon, Oishi, a Japanese food tycoon and affiliated Japanese restaurant, continues to expand its delicious channels and offer special privileges. Recently partnered with AirAsia AirAsia Food is convenient for diners – Japanese food lovers are ready to bring japanese deliciousness and quality ingredients directly to you. Sashimi Temaki Teppanyaki Ramen/Udon Shabu-Shabu, etc. from famous restaurants including Oishi Kitchen, Oishi Eatery, Oishi Buffet, Nikuya, Shabushi, Oishi Ramen, Kakashi, and Oishi Biztoro, as well as premium Japanese restaurants. You'll also find Hou Yu and Sakae. For this month, simply enter the code OISHI70 and get a special discount of 70 baht when ordering a minimum of 200 baht from participating Oishi Japanese restaurants via the AirAsia app. FOOD FROM 1 – 28 FEB 2023 ONLYSPONSORED Mrs. Suvaporn Thongthew Chairman of the Executive Committee and Mr. Amorn Thongthew Managing Director, Viriyah Insurance Public Company Limited Led senior executives to participate in the merit making ceremony on the occasion of the 76th anniversary of the Company's founding on February 3, 2023, for the prosperity of employees and organizations, as well as to raise morale for executives and employees in the performance of sponsored jatupat. Set your mind. TOA Chief Executive Officer organized TOA Color World Expert Fandeck to unveil a new fandeck with renowned architects that adds 1,986 shades to 9 main color schemes. Complemented by new functions, Transparence Sheet, clear frames against shades, and Background Window, different backgrounds in white, gray, and black make choosing shades easier and more convenient with renowned architects. e.g. win, sampan. President of Siam Architects Association, Noppadol Tanpiwat Chief Executive Officer, Design 103 International Co., Ltd., Teerayut Hongsawat Vice President Akiteks & Associates Co., Ltd., including Pruitt Yothongyos, Managing Director of IVIEW Design Studio Co., Ltd., Rachat Wankanok Managing Director of DB Studio Co., Ltd. Project Director and Nantapol Boonlao Director of Marketing, TOA Paint Pcl. attended the event at the new TOA tile showroom, Warehouse 26SPONSORED, Bangkok Airways Public Company Limited or Bangkok Airways. Announcement of temporary suspension of flight service Bangkok - Hat Yai (round trip) from 1 March 2023 onwards and Bangkok - Da Nang (Vietnam) (round trip) from 1 May 2023 onwards until further notice. The airline has issued measures to help passengers affected by the shutdown on two routes. As follows:1. Request a refund of the ticket as a travel voucher to purchase tickets on other routes of the airline. For more information, please visit www.bangkokair.com/travel-voucher (or)2. Request a full refund of your ticket via the website https://www.bangkokair.com/managing-my-booking (or)3. Arrange for passengers to travel on such routes with other airlines. Passengers can contact the Call Center at 1771 or 02-270-6699 from 08.00-20.00 hrs. PG Live Chat: https://bit.ly/PGLiveChatTH Email reservation@bangkokair.com and Bangkok Airways S&P ticket office, a leader in cakes and bakeries, invites to send love to Valentine's Day with cakes. Sweet pink roses represent love, such as The Hundred Love Rose Cake (Buttervanilla), Rose Wine Cake (Vanilla Layer), Blossom of Love Heart Cake (Buttervanilla), and modern floral cakes such as The Grand Rose Cake and Dressie Rose Cake. Decorated with delicious macarons, giving a warm sweetness throughout the festival, this Valentine's Day is filled with love with special promotions. When pre-ordering cakes within 1-10 February 2023, you can receive the product on 12-14 February 2023 for members to get 15% discount and general customers get 10% discount at all S&P branches or order via S&P Delivery 1344.
We Travel Together Phase 5 opens the eligibility timeline, hoping to stimulate tourism to be active.|Opening the timeline for the use of "We Travel Together Phase 5", preparing to open for hotel bookings on March 8, 2023, and hoping to stimulate tourism during songkran long weekend, Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), revealed that the results of discussions with Krungthai Bank, the system management team of the "We Travel Together Phase 5" project, have concluded that applications will be opened for new entrepreneurs. On February 8-15, 2023, the hotel will be open to the public on March 8, 2023 and will be available on March 11, 2023, and April 27, 2023 will be the last day to book the hotel, so that April 30, 2023 will be the last day of travel and the end date of the program. While the disbursement must be completed before September 30, 2023, we travel together phase 5, the public will be able to stay from March 11 to April 30, 2023 only, with a total of 560,000 privileges, with 5 privileges or 5 rooms per person. The government will pay a 40% discount on accommodation up to 3,000 baht per room and 600 baht per day for e-vouchers. The reason for the remaining 5 privileges or 5 rooms per person to distribute more privileges is because only 560,000 privileges can be used across provinces nationwide, and there is no support for airfare discounts such as in previous phases. Accommodation Operators restaurant Tourist attractions, shops, OTOP shops, spas/health massages, transportation for tourism can apply for the project via .com The hotel/accommodation must submit the number and room rate information along with the rate plan for additional sponsored. The scheduled travel period is within 1 month to make people use the privilege faster and will help attract Thai people to visit Thailand during the Songkran long weekend. April improved the results of the "We Travel Together Phase 5" project from the budget of 2,016 million baht. TAT expects to generate total revenue of 12,539 million baht. Direct income of 9,205 million baht However, in 2020-2022, TAT received a budget allocation from the Royal Decree authorizing the Ministry of Finance to borrow money to solve economic and social problems caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. To take measures to take care of and remedy the impact on the Thai economy. We travel together in phases 1-4 with a limit of 22,000 million baht. Total 11.5 million privileges It has a total value of 49,416.3 million baht.
Thailand's 1st anniversary of free hemp cultivation, but why is the industry growing by only 10%?|After Thailand approved the cultivation of hemp plants for all purposes. medicine Research studies on lifestyle use Tradition, culture or seed production approved on Jan. 29, 2021, but over the past year, thailand's hemp industry has grown less than many had predicted. Jarubuspain The Chief Executive Officer of Thai Leaf Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Vice President of the Thai Hemp and Cannabis Industry Association said that in recent times, the growth rate of the hemp industry has been around 10%, which is considered a very small growth, partly due to the government's policy to liberalize cannabis. What happens is that consumers mistakenly believe that hemp and marijuana are the same plant, and even more mistaken is that marijuana is recreational and that hemp is recreational, but it really isn't. Hemp plants extracted can contain cannabidiol or CBD. Tetrahydrocannabinol or THC is an intoxicating substance. When consumers don't understand, it's misleading to think that hemp and marijuana are the same. As a result, the industry is growing less. Moreover, the market for hemp plants in Thailand is unfavorable. "The important thing is that we lack publicity and understanding from the state, especially the differences between CBD and THC, in which CBD is derived from hemp plants to help health, whether it is sleep or extracted for food. We can extract stems and leaves into protein, which provides the same quality as whey protein. In foreign countries such as the UK and the US These proteins are used instead of milk and are used in children with allergies to cow's milk as an alternative to nut milk or goat's milk. When adding chocolate or other flavors, it feels no different. Hemp-derived extracts also help with energy provision. It helps with memory, but it's all up to the production and research phase. In other words, in the past, The hemp market in Thailand is estimated at 3,800-7,200 million baht, and within 3 years the market value will be 50 billion baht. Because hemp plants are not only CBD, but also used in many businesses such as agriculture. Factory sector related to extraction The expansion of products, including upcoming health tourism such as wellness centers from CBD, must admit that sleep problems are a major problem for people around the world, especially in Thailand. More than 30% of people with insomnia are over 25 years of age and are people of working age on CBD. It is not necessary to take sleeping pills that can harm the liver. CBD is a natural substance that balances the brain to sleep well. In addition CBD substance that helped with Pakinson's affairs. Hyperness, which has already been researched internationally for hemp in the healthcare market, must be added value by conducting wellness centers or accepting health-focused tourists. In addition, we have set up the Thai Hemp and Cannabis Industry Association. For large enterprises to ensure the growth of the industry and to be of the same standard, it is important to want agriculture and consumers to have more knowledge and understanding of hemp and hemp plants. We manufacture and extract CBD from hemp, as well as research and develop hemp-derived products. We have partnered with Cornell University, one of the top three universities in the world with more than 30 years of expertise in hemp research, which focuses on hemp research and development to develop hemp varieties suitable for Thailand. He said that during the research development phase, we will gradually register Thai hemp strains that are suitable for the climate of our country. Nowadays, we import from imported species that are close to the Thai landscape. This is why agriculture requires LED light to help cultivate to extend the sunlight by about 2 hours."We now have more than 1,000 ready-to-develop product formulas that are already copyrighted and intellectual property registered in the U.S., which we are soon ready to launch, including beverages, dietary supplements, cosmeceuticals, and pharmaceuticals." This includes developing relevant knowledge to ensure that hemp meets regional standards and expands its products.
Opening of EEC Stock Trading Board|Mr. Kanit Sangsuphan Chairman of the Special Adviser Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) Policy Office It was revealed that under the Eastern Economic Corridor Act or the EEC Law, which has the authority to do its own capital market as a mechanism to promote funding and contribute to the development of the financial and capital markets in the country. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) The Bank of Thailand (BOT) and all agencies reaffirmed their readiness to launch EEC's dedicated trading boards. It is expected that by mid-2023, EEC's share boards will open to companies located in the EEC area or companies that will register to do business in the EEC area. Stocks can be traded on this board. Stock trading is denominated in U.S. dollars. It is expected to be popular with companies located in the EEC area, as well as companies that will do business in the EEC area by trading shares in dollars, so investors will not have to take risks from exchange rate fluctuations and exchange fees. Meanwhile, the Bank of Thailand (BOT) benefited from the baht. More stable due to the fact that more dollars are invested in Thailand and money in and out of the same currency. "The EEC stock board will be a new private funding mechanism in the EEC, regardless of the shares of the parent company listed on other stock exchanges, and in the case that the shares of large companies are already on the main board of the stock exchange, they can bring subsidiaries that do business in the EEC to raise capital and trade shares in the EEC board, including foreign companies that want to invest in Thailand. Much progress has been made. The latest approval by the EEC Board is the EEC Business Center project and the smart new city, a project that will invest more than 1.4 trillion baht. It has an area of over 150,000 rai. The area is divided into 5 zones: Regional Headquarters Center and Government Center, Precision Medical Center, Future Business Center. A fine residential zone for people of all income groups and a financial center zone.
Selling handicrafts through TikTok penetrates the global market of young people.|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that the Ministry of Commerce has accelerated the promotion and development of online merchants. At present, it has a growth rate and is very popular among the younger generation. Therefore, the Thai Arts and Crafts Promotion Institute (SACIT) has enhanced the potential and skills of creators along with providing digital marketing knowledge in order for Thai arts and crafts to meet the needs. Resonate with buyers and get into everyday life. Generating income to sustainable producers Mr. Bhavi Phoyi The Acting Director of the Thai Arts and Crafts Promotion Institute said that in 2023, SCIT will hold 4 meetings of members and network of creators of arts and crafts in 4 provinces, namely Khon Kaen, Songkhla, Chiang Mai and 4th in Bangkok or vicinity, in order to enhance knowledge and understanding of copyright protection of Thai handicrafts. Develop products to meet market demands Promote both offline and online campaigns Digital content via TikTok platform focuses on creating an identity for the work, targeting the target audience, selecting the right sound, editing techniques, creating interesting hashtags, etc. "Nowadays, TikTok is a very popular platform for young people to create short vertical video clips that are easy to use on a single smartphone. There are 35.8 million active users in Thailand. Therefore, it is another channel to disseminate the wisdom and value of Thai arts and crafts to remain in the way of life. It is preserved and passed on to future generations".
The Bank of Thailand opened a record for the bank's system crash in 2022.|The Bank of Thailand (BOT) reports. The company has opened statistics on the information technology system of commercial banks that have crashed and affected the service in the past 65 years by tracking the services of 4 types of commercial banks through mobile banking, Internet banking, ATMs and deposit machines, branch service. This is partly because there is a faster increase in the use of services than other types of services. In 2022, there were 65 service outages totaling 158 hours, including 8 first-quarter outages totaling 11 hours, 22 second quarters totaling 70 hours, 18 third-quarter outages totaling 59 hours, and 17 fourth quarters totaling 18 hours. If separated into commercial banks, it is found that TMB Thanachart Bank There were 22 outages for 87 hours, partly due to the merger between TMB and Thanachart Bank last year, followed by Siam Commercial Bank crashing 18 times for a total of 16 hours, Krungthai Bank crashing 9 times for a total of 13 hours, Bangkok Bank 5 times for a total of 23 hours, CIMB Thai Bank crashing 3 times for a total of 6 hours, Citibank crashing 2 times for a total of 3 hours, Bank of Ayudhya crashing 2 times for a total of 2 hours, UOB 1 time for a total of 2 hours, TISCO Bank 1 time for 1 hour and Kasikorn Bank 1 time for 1 hour, while Internet Banking service crashed 4 times for a total of 11 hours. There were a total of 11 outages in ATMs and deposit machines.
The Department of Tourist Goods does not search even if wearing a watch - carrying a luxury bag.|Customs Department ready to facilitate tourists to receive the opening of the country After COVID-19 has eased, there will be no search for tourists entering the country. Even if there are high-value carry-on items. If it is worn for personal use or as a personal item. It is not imported for commercial purposes, e.g. not boxed to Mr. Panthong Loykunnan. The Deputy Director-General of Customs Department revealed that thailand has officially opened its country after the covid-19 outbreak. so The Customs Department has therefore issued a policy to facilitate tourists entering Thailand. He instructed the Department of Justice officials not to search for tourists. In case of having belongings with you in order not to burden tourists, "There will be no search for tourists entering Thailand. Even if the tourist is carrying an expensive luxury bag worth hundreds of thousands or wearing a luxury watch worth millions. If it is worn for personal use or as a personal item. However, in the case where the customs officer will search for tourists entering the country, i.e. if there is confidential information that informs that there is smuggling, or if it is clearly shown that it is not a carry-on item, such as wearing several watches on the wrist, etc. Department of Customs officers will search for tourists only if they have any clues. Point the coordinates to action. If not, tourists will not be searched," Mr. Panthong said, adding that for customs regulations on bringing goods with them to the airport. In case the passenger enters the channel without items to declare or the green box (Nothing to declare) refers to the passenger entering the Kingdom who does not have any items to pay tax. No prohibited or restricted items (items must be specially controlled when importing or exporting) Come in with yourself, walk through the green checkbox or the no-show box. Duty-exempt items are as follows: 1. Personal items with a reasonable quantity for personal use and a total value not exceeding 20,000 baht, which are not prohibited items or food supplies. 2. Not more than 200 cigarettes or 250 grams of tobacco or 250 grams of total weight of all types 3. The volume is not more than 1 liter and 4.If the quantity of cigarettes, tobacco or alcoholic beverages is brought in more than the specified quantity. Please drop it in a box provided by the Customs Department to avoid prosecution. The Customs Department focuses on facilitating passengers by using risk management systems to check passenger baggage. In case of checking the baggage of the arrival passengers at the cargo to declare or the red box (Goods to declare) case 1 is a passenger's carry-on item. Which is not commercial and does not exceed 200,000 baht, customs officer will calculate the duty and tax. Case 2 is prohibited and/or must not be allowed to be imported from the relevant authorities. Importers must be prosecuted according to the law.
Gold price today, February 6, 2023, opened Monday morning, up 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Monday morning, February 6, 2023, the price increased by 100 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out baht 29,800 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,300 baht per baht. Baht • Gold bar price 29,700 baht Baht Sell out Baht 29,800 • Gold Price Buy Baht 29,167.84 Baht 30,300 per baht On February 6, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the price of Thai gold today, the 1st time at 09.32 a.m., the price of gold rose by 100 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,700 baht per baht. "Gold jewelry" sells out 29,800 baht per baht, while "gold jewelry" buys 29,167.84 baht per baht. Baht 30,300 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,850 baht Sell out 14,900 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,583.92 baht Sell out 15,150 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion 1 Shilling Buy 7,425 Baht Sell Out 7,450 Baht Gold 1 Slueng Buy 7,291.96 Baht Sell Out 7,575 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,712.5 Baht Sell Out 3,725 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,645.98 Baht Sell Out 3,787.5 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Supalai delivers tropical modern series house design to 34 low-rise projects across Thailand|Supalai delivers tropical modern series house designs suitable for Thai tropical climates with 34 low-rise projects nationwide. Target sales of 25,200 million baht Ms. Thanawat Panyarat Assistant Managing Director Supalai Public Company Limited (SPALI) marketing and sales department said that in the past year, the company has grown sales of low-rise projects by 20%, representing a total domestic sales of 21,938 million baht. In 2023, the Company plans to develop 34 low-rise projects nationwide, the largest in Supalai's history, with a total of 21 new projects in Bangkok-metropolitan area and potential secondary provinces of Ayutthaya, Chachoengsao, Ratchaburi and Nakhon Pathom. THE DEVELOPMENT OF INFRASTRUCTURE, INCLUDING THE INTERCITY EXPRESSWAY PROJECT BANGYAI-KANCHANABURI, BANG PA-IN-NAKHON RATCHASIMA AND BANG KHUN THIAN-BAN PHAEO SPONSORED LINES, WILL MAKE THE FUTURE Getting to the country's economic hubs like Bangkok and major cities is more convenient and fast. Prosperity is spreading. As a result, the real estate market The lowlands of secondary cities can grow further by expanding the project this year. Supalai continues to take into account the lifestyle trends of customers, especially the new generation of customers, from 2022 to 2023. For the tropical climate of Thailand, as well as receiving excellent feedback from customers all the time. Modern design, premium materials. In order to meet the needs of customers continuously in Bangkok, metropolitan area and neighboring provinces, 11 projects, as well as in provinces including Chiang Mai, Lampang, Rayong, Chanthaburi, Chonburi and Nakhon Si Thammarat, in order to meet the needs and lifestyles of the new generation of customers on the spot and support all dimensions of life. Adjust utility Change your image Modern style with simple geometric house design that responds to the tropical climate of Thailand with elements that make living comfortable. The eaves extend long, creating shade for the house. Construction with the use of aerated bricks that can transfer heat well. Wide windows, high ceilings, air and natural light. Supalai continues to push for green housing innovations that are environmentally friendly, with the Tropical Modern Series choosing construction materials that have been labeled SCG Green Choice or SCG Green Choice.
Don't be fooled by SMS tricking you into clicking the sign up link. We Travel Together Phase 5|The epidemic continues, reminding people not to be fooled by SMS sent to trick them into clicking on the registration link. We Travel Together Phase 5 awaits the official announcement on February 6, 2023, the reporter reported that after the conclusion of the "We Travel Together Phase 5" project, the public will be able to book hotels for the privilege on March 8, 2023, and start staying on March 11, 2023, and April 27, 2023 will be the last day to book the hotel, so that April 30, 2023 will be the last day of travel and the end date of the project. While the disbursement must be completed before September 30, 2023, we travel together phase 5, the public will be able to stay from March 11 to April 30, 2023 only, with a total of 560,000 privileges, with 5 privileges or 5 rooms per person. The government will pay a 40% discount on accommodation up to 3,000 baht per room and 600 baht per day for e-vouchers. The reason for the remaining 5 privileges or 5 rooms per person to distribute more privileges is because there are only 560,000 privileges that can be used across provinces nationwide, and there is no support for airfare discounts like in the previous phase. Send a message to trick people into clicking on the link to register for the We Travel Together Phase 5 project. We travel together.com The announcement warned the public to beware of fraudsters due to the We Travel Together project. Phase 5 is in preparation for the opening of the registration process, so no registration has been carried out at this time. If you find that there is a registered link sender or SMS inviting you to join the project, be careful. Don't be fooled into entering your personal information or clicking on the link and follow the information from the We Travel Together website page. www.we travel together.com only sponsored Read related news
CRC invests 28 billion baht, expects total revenue in 2023 to reach 270 billion baht, up 15%|CRC invests 28 billion baht in 3 countries including Thailand, Vietnam and Italy Revenue in 2023 is expected to be approximately 270 billion baht. On February 6, 2023, Mr. Jinn Poksap, Chief Executive Officer of Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (CRC), said that in 2022, Central Retail has implemented its business plan in accordance with the 5-year strategy CRC Retailligence to successfully expand its business portfolio in Thailand, Vietnam and Italy, covering all business segments, including food, fashion, hardline, food and hardline. Central Retail has achieved revenue growth of more than 20%, exceeding the target set for 2022. We see positive signs of retail and service sectors in all three countries due to the revitalization of the economy and tourism. China's opening-up, as well as recovering consumer purchasing power By Central Retail with an investment budget of 28,000 million baht To drive the business to full capacity on the CRC Retailligence strategy. To be the No. 1 Next-Gen Omni Retailer in Asia, ready to grow in Vietnam by leaps and bounds. By expanding the strong GO! food and shopping center business model along with sustainability-based business operations to achieve net zero by 2050 in line with the intention of becoming Green & Sustainable Retail, the first sustainability model retail organization in ThailandSPONSORED. Through 4 key strategies, all goals will be achieved through the creation of Central's The Next Sustainable Growth phenomenon. Retail through 4 main strategies: 1. Accelerate Core Leadership – Accelerate the growth of key business segments in all 3 countries - Fashion group to reinforce the leadership in that fashion group. We will take advantage of Central Group's European luxury department store network. In order to expand the fashion business to cover all customer needs, including new products, new brands, and connect the platform of all luxury department stores so that customers can shop from all department stores of the group anytime, anywhere, and continue to expand and renovate branches. By accelerating the expansion of Thai Watsadu and Thai Watsadu Hybrid Format branches to a total of 10 branches this year- Food Group, we will continue to grow in Vietnam by leaps and bounds. Tops becomes Food Discovery & Destination and No. 1 Food Omni Retailer with the expansion of Tops branches to a total of 15 branches this year- Property Group, we are ready to become the leader of lifestyle and experiential community platform in Thailand. With the continued expansion and renovation of Robinson Lifestyle Shopping Center, there are plans to open one more branch this year. In addition, in Vietnam, new branches of GO!, are being constructed in preparation for opening 6-8 more branches in 2024- Building a strong financial base based on the 3C strategy: Cost, manage costs and expenses to be the most efficient, Capex Focus on investing to maximize investment in strategic business and accelerate proven format and cash flow expansion, expand working capital management capability to be faster, more agile, and increase cash flow. 2. Reinvent Next-Gen Omni Retail Enhance the CRC Ecosystem by bringing the best technologies and systems from around the world to create inclusive growth for customers, brands and partners. On the Next-Gen Omni Retail platform to provide consumers with a superior experience in all dimensions, sponsored in terms of experience-driven that connects all channels seamlessly. Using AI to deliver products and services that meet customers' needs in a smart retail way, including rapid platform transformation to meet changing consumer trends with Agile Commerce and multi-moments to meet the needs of customers anytime, anywhere. 4. Drive Partnership, Acquisition and Spin Off Mr. Jinn said that these 4 strategies will enable Central Retail to grow to The Next Sustainable Growth and expect to generate total revenue in 2023 of approximately 270 billion baht. More than 15% year-on-year growth We will continue to strive to develop our business to grow sustainably. The company has set a short-term target in 2023 to bring clean and renewable energy to properties by 30%SPONSORED, reduce waste to landfills by 10%, reduce water consumption by 10%, increase the sale of environmentally friendly products to 20% of the total products, and increase green space from reforestation by 5,000 rai to help absorb greenhouse gases. Retail is ready to be a force to be reckoned with. To deliver a livable world to future generations.
February 15, "Shop Well, Have a Night", the last day, reiterate the purchase, don't forget to ask for tax invoice.|10-day countdown to the end of the "Shop Dee Me Back" campaign The government reiterates spending on goods and services by February 15, 2023, so don't forget to request a full tax invoice for a deduction of up to 40,000 baht. A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said today (6 a.m. Therefore, we would like to remind those who have income who wish to participate in the project if spending during this period until February 15, 2023, do not forget to request a full tax invoice in paper form or e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt from the seller. The e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt can be used for both full paper tax invoice and e-Receipt, but the other 10,000 baht must be for the purchase of goods and services issued with full tax invoice e-Tax Invoice & e-Receipt onlySPONSORED. At the same time, there are some types of goods and services that cannot be included in the project, such as liquor, tobacco, car purchases, motorcycles, boats, newspapers and magazines, tour fees, hotel accommodation, utilities, non-life insurance premiums, etc., deputy government spokesperson. He said the government expects that under the Shop Dee Me Back program, there will be 56 billion baht in spending and money circulating in the economy. It supports GDP growth from spending by 0.16 percent and encourages more entrepreneurs of all groups to enter the VAT system, as well as supporting the use of electronic taxation systems.
Recently, ChatGPT helped write notes, summarize meetings, and translate real-time in over 40 languages.|Microsoft launches Team Premium, the newest conferencing program that enhances ChatGPT, helping users have a better meeting experience. With outstanding features such as intelligent summary The latest Generative AI system developed by OpenAI has created a ripple effect today that has led many parties to keep an eye on the movement, as well as the investments of giants like Microsoft, one of OpenAI's largest shareholders that recently raised billions of dollars in investments. The starting price in the introductory range is $7 or 235 baht per month and will rise to $10 or $335 per month after June 30. This allows us to stay fully focused on the meeting. No need to take notesSPONSORED The Generated chapters feature can be divided into sections, making it easy to select topics and content to join. Personalized timeline makers when sharing a screen or when a user leaves a meeting window It's easy to go back and review dropped content. Highlighting speakers in each session Team Premium will help reduce language barriers by translating in real time. Support for over 40 spoken languages, simply turn on Subtitle or Subtitles and read subtitles in their own language instantly. Add more security management To deter data leakage, such as restricting the right to record meetings and copy messages from meetings. Insert a watermark on the meeting screen Label content during a meeting Advanced encryption options For meetings that require advanced security, end-to-end encryption (E2EE) can also be encrypted. Create custom meeting templates to present logos, tones, and professional corporate background images, as well as other common features such as message suggestions, tasks, appointments that are automatically saved based on CBS, Microsoft. 
How likely is the "gold price" in 2023 to reach 40,000 baht?|"Gold price" in 2023, how likely is it to reach 40,000 baht per baht, Intergold Gold Trade estimates may be difficult, but the price of Thai gold is estimated at the price range of 31,800-32,000 baht per baht of Theerarat Juthavarakul gold. Managing Director of Intergold Gold Trade Co., Ltd. said that in 2023, the factors that will support gold prices are: 1. International conflicts Last year, we saw a handshake between Saudi Arabia and China to push the yuan as an alternative to oil trading, which meant that oil companies around the world could diversify their risk away from the dollar from where there was no other option. But now it can be divided into some yuan in trading. I believe that the U.S., which has always been the market leader, is starting to get a little nervous. As more options become available, the demand for dollars in the market decreases. Of course, this has already caused dissatisfaction with the U.S., which was originally a Chinese brother. Even more dissatisfaction. GUESS IF CHINA AND THE U.S. WILL RECONCILE SOON, IT IS VERY UNLIKELY THAT WE WILL SEE A TRADE WAR THAT IS LIKELY TO INTENSIFY, WHERE CONFLICTS IN THE WORLD'S SUPERPOWERS WILL PUT PRESSURE ON THE GLOBAL ECONOMY TO NOT GROW SMOOTHLY. The recession was severe in many ways. Countries around the world In the past, many people have asked, are we going into a recession? In fact, we may not be about to enter a recession. Because we have been in a recession for a long time, from 2022 to the beginning of 2023, we only see signs that are starting to show a clear example. Signs are emerging all over the world, including big brother countries like the U.S. The main reason for this is that inflation is at a very high level. The consequences of raising interest rates are enormous because raising interest rates, although they can slow down high levels of inflation, also affect the overall picture of the economy. Now we are starting to see the impact of interest rate hikes more and more, many companies are starting to announce continuous reductions, many companies have fallen, and most importantly, inflation has not fallen as much as hoped. Therefore, interest may have to go up for a while. Interest rate hikes are expected to peak later this year when interest rate hikes reach a point where they can no longer rise, or inflation begins to fall to low levels. Global monetary policy will shift to an attempt to stimulate the economy, and we will see a return to interest rate cuts or money printing. At that time, gold would be clearly bullish, seeing as 2100 US dollars was not difficult at all.3. In 2022, gold was increased by many central banks, with central bank deposits around the world being made more diversified, as there are examples from the Russo-Ukrainian war that make central banks more aware that holding large quantities of dollars is risky. The fact that we hold a lot of one currency creates a way to apply sanctions. This is considered a national risk, out of the 3 main factors mentioned above, all of which have a positive effect that supports the price of gold to have a chance to skyrocket. If nothing goes wrong, it won't be difficult for gold to rise at least $2,100. Investors who have been doing this since last year or want to make a profit this year believe that they will not be disappointed, however, there is still a risk that investors may have to keep a close eye on. There are three main ones: 1. In terms of international conflicts, which China and the U.S. have concluded that they will quarrel or will turn to the same boat, it is not certain that they will not sleep. Because if the economy reaches a very bad point, it is possible that he will agree on something in the short term to get through the crisis first when the economy improves. Because in this world there are no true friends and permanent enemies, the benefits are what everyone wants. IF THIS REALLY HAPPENED, IT WOULD PUT A LOT OF PRESSURE ON GOLD IN THE SHORT TERM, BUT I PERSONALLY THINK THIS CASE IS VERY UNLIKELY TO HAPPEN.SPONSORED2. The inflation problem may end quickly. If the international conflict ends, China and the U.S. resume free trade. Either way, inflation has to fall sharply. Therefore, there may not be a need to raise interest rates continuously, or even more so, it may be easy to return to lower interest rates because inflation has returned to a low level. There is no longer a need for high interest rates. This way, the economy that we think will be a severe recession that fears each other, will not happen.3. Baht direction After the opening of the country, it is possible that this year the influx of tourists to Thailand will be high, which may cause the baht to strengthen below 30 baht per dollar. In addition to tourism. Thailand is also attractive in terms of financial stability, which is quite better than many Asian countries, which makes foreign gold likely to skyrocket, but it will be pressured by the strengthening of the baht. When that happens, the dollar will strengthen because of the money flowing out of Europe into the dollar or even international uncertainty. Trade conflicts, wars also encouraged the dollar to strengthen. In the end, out of the 3 risks, it is considered that there is little chance of this happening, but investors are wary that it is not damaged. In 2023, it should reach the $2,100 level. As for the baht, it should be around 32 baht per dollar, because the Bank of Thailand itself does not want the baht to be too strong, so we will be able to calculate the price of Thai bullion at least 31,800 baht. Investors caught up last year. This year, let's get ready to stop the cold and go down the mountain. But if you talk about whether the price will go up to 35,000 to 40,000 baht per baht gold, I think it is very unlikely that this will happen this year or next. Gold investors would have just sat on the mountain watching tigers bite each other. In the end, when the trade war strikes, it will definitely have a positive effect on gold prices this year.
GULF-Singtel-AIS launches data center using clean energy, set to open in 2025|GULF, Singtel and AIS move forward with construction of more than 20 MW data center projects in Samut Prakan province under the company's operation. GSA Data GSA, a joint venture of the three companies, will be fully connected. The company aims to implement state-of-the-art technologies, focusing on clean energy and energy management that enhances the energy efficiency of data centers, as well as having the most secure data retention system ready to meet the needs of enterprise customers and cloud service providers in Thailand and abroad. In response to the rapid growth of the digital infrastructure industry in the region. GSA is a joint venture between Gulf Infrastructure Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Gulf Energy Development Public Company Limited): GULF, ST Dynamo TH PTE. (A subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications Co., Ltd.: Singtel) and AIS DC Venture Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited): AIS) GULF has extensive experience in power generation and infrastructure businesses and an extensive network of business partners, while Singtel specializes in technology for developing and managing hyperscale data centers. It has a strong customer base across a wide range of businesses. AIS specializes in domestic telecommunications networks and develops and operates several data centers in Thailand. The data center is built according to global standards such as TIA-942 Certification Rated-3, LEED Gold, Threat and Vulnerability Assessment (TVRA) and ISO 27001.
Thai stocks today, February 6, 2023, ended the afternoon session down 6.25 points, the index was at 1,682 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon session, the index was down 6.25 points at 1,682.11 points with a turnover of 47,903.55 million baht. In February 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index dropped by 6.25. The index was at 1,682.11. The index peaked at 1,687.78. The index is at a low of 1,680.22. The turnover was 47,903.55 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL Public Company Limited.
NFT market signals recovery After trading volume in January 2023, it surpassed $946 million. |DappRadar, the tracking analytics platform Dapp and NFT, released an industry analysis in January 2023, reporting that nft market trading volume surpassed $946 million, or 38% increase from the previous month, which recorded the highest trading volume since June 2022, as well as NFT sales of 9.2 million, up 42% from the previous month, while the blockchain network with the highest throughput was Ethereum, where people used to trade NFTs accounted for over 78.5%. NFT sales generated on the Ethereum chain have generated more than $2 million. The Yuga Labs collection accounted for 34.3% of the market turnover, or $324.8 million, in second place, followed by Solana, whose turnover increased by 23.7% m/m, to $86 million. This corresponds to a 157.39% increase in sales, generating revenues of more than $4.5 million. The popularity of the Donald Trump Cards and Mocaverse Realm Ticket Pass collections has been a key factor driving the growth in trading volumes on the SPONSORED chain for the top five NFTs of January. Bored Ape Yacht Club ranked 4th and 5th with $400,000 and $300,000,000.
AIS Business is ready to become a digital partner to enhance corporate customer service.|AIS Business is ready to serve large, medium, and small corporate customers. Reinforcing its leadership in digital and ICT with 5G smart networks, solutions and data and cloud infrastructure on February 6, 2023, Mr. Thanapong Itthisakulchai, Chief Executive Officer of Corporate Customers, Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited (AIS), said, "For 3 years, we have been living with the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, most organizations have adapted to the impacts and are ready to move forward in the context of a post-COVID world. Of course, many are ready to embrace digital technology to strengthen their digital transformation to create competitive opportunities and develop innovations for business growth, especially in industrial plants. Manufacturing, logistics, and financial service providers, etc. In addition, this year's usage trend will focus on upgrading a secure and efficient IT infrastructure. In addition, there is a trend of sustainable business operations, environmental friendliness, society and good management, all of which make digital solutions a key factor that will help organizations to prepare for growth along with sustainability in business operations. Digital Business Ecosystem to be perfect and able to meet the needs of every organization in all dimensions with 5G intelligent network, solutions and data and cloud infrastructure through 5 strategies, namely 1. Connecting the 5G Ecosystem for all-round business operations2. Enhance network operation with Intelligent Network3. Aims to enhance the integrity of digital infrastructure and platforms4. Delivering services with a reliable professional team, Mr. Thanapong said that AIS's big goal is to become a smart telecommunications organization. Corporate customers such as AIS Business will enhance Thailand's digital economy by accelerating the digital transformation of customers through a variety of digital technologies and services. We look forward to becoming a reliable smart digital partner. Supporting Thai businesses and SMEs to grow together and sustainably.
Central Retail invests 150 billion baht Establish the no.1 retail platform in Asia within 5 years|Mr. Jinn Poksap, Chief Executive Officer of Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (CRC), said: "The business direction in 2023 is that Central Retail is the best way to do this. We see positive signs of retail and service sectors in all 3 countries – Thailand, Vietnam and Italy – due to the revitalization of the economy and tourism. China's opening-up, as well as consumer purchasing power, have recovered. Retail with an investment budget of 28,000 million baht To create Central Retail to be Asia's No. 1 Next-Gen Omni Retailer and to grow in Vietnam by leaps and bounds. By expanding the strong GO! food and shopping center business model along with sustainable business operations to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, the Company has invested a total of more than 150 billion baht until 2027, including the goal of increasing revenue and growing the market cap by more than 2.5 times through 4 main strategies: 1. Accelerate Core Leadership – Accelerate the growth of key business segments in all 3 countries. Fashion Group : Reinforces its leadership in the fashion group by leveraging Central Group's European luxury department store network. In order to expand the fashion business to cover all customer needs, including new products, new brands, and connect all luxury department stores so that customers can shop from all department stores of the group anytime, anywhere, and continue to expand and renovate branches. With the acceleration of the expansion of new branches of Thai Watsadu and Thai Watsadu Hybrid Format, a total of 10 branches will be opened this year.• Food Group: Creating leaps and bounds in Vietnam. Tops becomes Food Discovery & Destination and No. 1 Food Omni Retailer with 15 Tops branches expanded this year• Property Group: Becoming the leader of Lifestyle and Experiential Community Platform in Thailand With the continued expansion and renovation of Robinson Lifestyle Shopping Center, there are plans to open one more branch this year. In Vietnam, new GO!, 6-8 branches are being built in 2024• Build a strong financial base based on the 3C strategy: Cost, manage costs and expenses to be the most efficient. Focus on investing to maximize investment in strategic business and accelerate proven format and cash flow expansion, expand working capital management capability to be faster, more agile, and increase cash flow. 2. Reinvent Next-Gen Omni Retail - Enhance the CRC Ecosystem by bringing the best technologies and systems from around the world to create inclusive growth for customers, brands and partners. On the Next-Gen Omni Retail platform to provide consumers with a superior experience in all dimensions. Experience-driven that connects all channels seamlessly. Using AI to deliver products and services that meet customers' smart retail needs, including rapid platform transformation to meet changing consumer trends with Agile Commerce and multi-moments to meet the needs of customers anytime, anywhere.3. Drive Partnership, Acquisition and Spin Off – Expand your business quickly through collaboration with partners and M&A and bring MEB No. 1 E-Book platform to mai stock exchange for IPO to the general public on February 14, 2023"These 4 strategies will enable Central Retail to grow to The Next Sustainable Growth and expect to generate total revenue in 2023 of approximately 270 billion baht, a growth of more than 15% compared to the previous year. The company has set a short-term target in 2023 to bring 30% of clean and renewable energy to properties, reduce waste to landfills by 10%, reduce water consumption by 10%, increase the sale of environmentally friendly products to 20% of the total product, and increase green space from reforestation by 5,000 rai to help absorb greenhouse gases. Retail is ready to be a force to be reckoned with. to deliver a better world for future generations," he concluded.
inflation January 9-month low due to oil decline!|NIA releases inflation data for January 2023 The 9-month low followed a decline in oil prices, slowing down from December 2022. January 2022 rose 5.02%, although inflation remained high but the trend continued to slow down. The 2023 forecast is to fall in the range of 2.0-3.0%, reiterating that raising interest rates will help slow down some of the heat, but the reason for the decline in inflation is mainly due to lower oil prices. As for whether or not to raise interest rates again, it is at the MPC Mr. Vijayan Niwatjinda. The Deputy Director general of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy revealed that thailand's consumer price index (inflation) in January 2023 was 108.18, up 5.02% month-on-month. The rate was 103.01, but the rate slowed from December 2022 to 5.89% and was the lowest rate in 9 months since May 2022. Meanwhile, domestic demand improved due to tourism, New Year and Chinese New Year, resulting in more active spending than last year. Meanwhile, core inflation When fresh food and energy were excluded from the calculation, January 2023 was up 3.04% from January 2022. It slowed slightly from December 2022 to 3.23% higher as production costs remained high for inflation in December. The 5.02% increase from January 2022 was due to 343 higher prices for goods such as all types of higher fuel, electricity and LPG, public fares (small buses/minibuses, etc.). taxi Airplanes), building materials, mechanic labor, personal expenses (body soap, etc.). Toothpaste, men's hairdressing) CLEANING (DISHWASHING LIQUID, FABRIC SOFTENER, DETERGENT) THERE WERE ONLY 45 ITEMS WHOSE PRICES FELL AND 42 ITEMS WERE UNCHANGED"Although energy prices are still high, but decreased compared to December 2022, inflation in January 2023 increased at a slower rate, coupled with a stronger baht, causing the cost of imported goods, both raw materials and semi-finished products, to decrease. Thai households spent 18,190 baht, up 54 baht from 18,136 baht in December 2022. gasoline Mobile phone charges up to 4,230 baht, followed by house rent, electricity, etc. LPG Home appliances 4,032 baht, Meat 1,765 baht, Home food delivery 1,632 baht, Outdoor food (rice with curry) Mr. Vichanan continued that if the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) raises the policy rate to stave off inflation, that last year the cost of producing goods was much higher due to the price of oil and raw materials. When buying goods from abroad, the cost of importing is lower. The cost of production decreases, and the price of goods sold decreases. As a result, inflation has not risen much in recent times. Delaying shopping This does not put pressure on inflation to rise much either, but sees Thailand's inflation gradually decreasing. January's 9-month low was mainly due to lower energy prices, as thailand's inflation each month increased significantly due to oil prices. "When inflation slows down, the MPC still needs to raise interest rates or not is under the MPC's consideration, but if it will cause the economy to expand and draw money into the country, there is still room to raise interest rates because Thailand's interest rate is still very low compared to other countries, with Thailand at 1.5%, Europe at 2.5%, Malaysia at 2.75%, Singapore at 3.6%, Philippines at 5.5%, Indonesia at 5.75%, Laos at 6.5%.
Win "Energy" to lower diesel prices even further|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Ministry of Energy has reduced the price of diesel fuel by 50 satang per litre. As a result, the price of diesel fuel has risen to 34.50 baht per liter. In order to ease the burden on diesel users, it is considered a decrease in the global oil price, and although it is not the same as the reduction of the tax on diesel fuel by 5 baht per liter, it is believed that soon The Ministry of Energy will gradually lower the price of diesel. As for when it will fall, it depends on the need for the oil fund's spending. The demand for oil is also likely to decrease. As a result, global oil prices continued to fall. Europe, in particular, including Thailand, has increasingly turned to renewable energy. When the price of oil goes down The logistics business should be adaptable. But now it is the time when the oil fund still has to bear the burden of the original, but we believe that the situation will be resolved," he said. Thailand will enter a full-fledged elderly society, with the elderly making up 20% of the Thai population. Currently, there are 12.5 million elderly people, or 19% of the country's population. The Ministry of Finance will increase tax measures to incentivize the private sector to hire the elderly to work because they are also a group that can work and benefit society. Focus on non-labor services or consulting work, etc. Thailand has begun hiring retired civil servants as consultants. Many countries have already extended the retirement age to 65-70 years. It has partnered with the Ministry of Interior to encourage self-employed citizens. There are currently more than 16 million informal workers. The MINISTRY has also approved increasing the ceiling of members' accumulated funds from 13,200 baht per year to 30,000 baht and increasing the ceiling of state contributions from 600-1,200 baht per year according to the age range of members to 1,800 baht per year for all ages in order to incentivize informal workers to become members. Monthly pension of 12,000 baht from 5,300 baht per month".
Open a dart that is ready to break through the economic poison.|Mr. Suriya so prosperous. Minister of Industry The Office of Industrial Economics (OIC) revealed that Thailand's industrial sector this year reported that it has continued to expand from last year, but thai industry still has to adapt to face challenges, including fluctuations in the global economy. Uncertainty from geopolitical conflicts between major powers and natural disasters Meanwhile, the industry that will be growing and expanding has been outstanding this year. There are such as automotive, especially eco-friendly vehicles, electronic components. There is a much higher demand for it. From the growth of the digital industry In all industries, such as the production of electronic components, especially integrated circuit boards (IC) and electronic circuit boards (PCBA). Food Supplements Medical Food Smart air conditioners include air conditioners that use new technologies and innovations such as PM 2.5 dust capture, non-toxic and biodegradable plastics used as ingredients for food and beverage packaging, pharmaceuticals, especially extracted tablets. From herbs have been well received, such as andrographis, turmeric capsules. Herbal Compress As a result, more production is carried out. Support consumer needs Both within and tourists coming to ThailandSPONSORED "Technical textiles from artificial fibers or textile products that are manufactured to have functional properties, biodegradable, high added value, such as waterproof woven fabrics, fireproof fabrics, are commonly used in products that focus on innovative selling points".
The government has proposed dismantling the "luxury" tax. "CRC" poured 5-year investment budget of 150 billion baht|CRC launches 5-year strategic plan to invest 150 billion baht The company aims to account for 65% of revenue from Thailand, 35% from abroad. Proposing that the government consider tariffs on luxury goods that may be sandboxed in Phuket to be piloted, ensuring that retail and service are another engine to stimulate the economy, Mr. Jinn Poksap, Chief Executive Officer of Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (CRC), revealed that CRC sees positive signs in the retail and services sector. Due to the revitalization of the economy and tourism. China's opening-up, as well as recovering consumer purchasing power Therefore, the retail and service business will play a part in driving the growth of the country's economy. In addition to the tourism sector, it will be faster to join forces with the government. Whether this government or the new government that will take over the country, "Although tourists are starting to return, but I would like to propose that the government consider the policy of free trade zone for luxury goods (luxury goods), which in Thailand has a very high storage rate, which may start experimenting with sandboxing in Phuket first to consider the pros and cons that will arise, because this policy will be a catalyst for tourists to spend more money in Thailand. The revenue ratio will be 65% in Thailand, Vietnam 30% and Italy 5%SPONSORED, while the company aims to increase business size growth by 2.5 times, profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) by 3.5 times, market capitalization by 2.5 times. Meanwhile, the business ranks second only to competitors. This year, CRC will invest 28 billion baht, representing 70% in Thailand, 30% in Vietnam and Italy. It is expected to generate a total revenue of 270 billion baht. More than 15% growth from the previous year, the company has implemented its strategic business plan and has successfully expanded its business portfolio in Thailand. Vietnam and Italy, covering all business segments including food, fashion, hardline (home furnishings and renovations, electronics), properties and health and wellness, achieved total revenue growth of more than 20%. The company aims to establish CRC as Asia's No. 1 Next-Gen Omni Retailer and will grow in Vietnam by leaps and bounds. In Vietnam, 10 branches were increased to 80 branches, Tops 15 branches to 174 branches, Robinson 1 branch to 28 branches. In Vietnam, 5-7 branches, including 39 branches, Go! 5-8 hypermarkets, 10 existing branches, Tops Supermarket and Go! 8-10 supermarkets, Nguyen Kim 5 hardline stores and 10-12 renovations.
Commerce reveals pet care business profits skyrocket|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that from the follow-up of the registration of new businesses. It was found that the pet care business has been growing continuously over the past 3 years (2020-2022), with 63 registered in 2020 with registered capital of 101 million baht, 68 in 2021, an increase of 5 or 8% with a capital of 119 million baht. Last year, 130 customers were established, an increase of 62 or 91%, with a capital of 210 million baht. As a result, at the end of 2022, there were 562 pet care businesses operating in the country, representing 0.06% of the total business in operation, with a capital value of Baht 1,359 million. This represented 0.006% of the total business capital operating in Thailand, while turnover also increased. In 2020, total revenue was 3,512 million baht. Increased by 578 million baht or 20% from 2019 with total revenue of 2,933 million baht Profit of 46 million baht Decreased by 11 million baht or 20% from 2019 with a profit of 57 million baht In 2021, the total revenue was 4,267 million baht. Increased by 755 million baht or 22% to profit of 127 million baht The majority of such businesses are investments of Thai people. The investment value is 1,334 million baht. It accounts for 98% of total business investments. The highest foreign investment was in China worth 5.15 million baht, and the pet market value in 2021 reached 44,592 million baht. It is estimated that by 2026, the pet market will reach 66,748 million baht. The average annual growth of 8.4% is a positive factor for the pet care business. Increased investment coincided with higher volumes of pet food sales. In 2021, it increased by 13% from 2020, while last year it was expected to sell 929 million kilograms. UP 8% FROM 2021".SPONSORED
"Don Mueang" Thailand receives China tour|Mr. Karant Thanakuljirapat Director of Don Mueang Airport Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited or AOT. AOT will open the Service Hall building for group tour passengers travelling from China at Don Mueang Airport for Chinese tourists for the first day on February 8 after repairing the walls of the building that collapsed last year. Recently, the building has been renovated to increase its strength and tested the floor, beams, welds have been approved by the Engineering Council of Thailand. Currently, there are 6 regular airlines operating routes from China, or an average of 450 flights per day, divided into 130 international flights and 320 domestic flights, with an average of 70,000 passengers per day, divided into 17,800 international passengers per day, and 50,300 domestic passengers per day.
Gold price today, February 7, 2023, opened on Tuesday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Tuesday Morning 7 Feb 23, 2023 Price increase 50 for "gold bullion" price sold out baht 29,850 The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,350 baht per baht. On February 7, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.23 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,750 baht per baht. Baht 29,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,213.32 baht per baht. Baht 30,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
The Enforcement Department notifies creditors. Sinsongkong Insurance can also apply for debt repayment until February 25, 2023.|Department of Enforcement Creditors of "Sinsongkong Insurance" can still apply for debt repayment until February 25, 2023. Mrs. Tassanee Paoin The Director-General of the Enforcement Department said that the Central Bankruptcy Court had ordered the reorganization of the company. Sinsongkong Insurance Public Company Limited or SMK and set up Sinsongkong Insurance Public Company Limited. From that date onwards until the due date of filing the application for repayment on January 20, 2023, there were 289,838 creditors who filed applications for debt repayment, totaling 27,759,290,375.39 baht. It is ordered that the asset protection officer will continue to accept applications for repayment of creditors' debts until February 25, 2023. The Department of Enforcement then launched an electronic debt repayment application system. From now until February 25, 2023, 24 hours a day, including public holidays, via website https://reorg-service.led.go.th/index/, creditors can also submit their application for debt repayment by themselves at the Debtor's Rehabilitation Division, 2nd floor, 8th floor, Building A, Government Complex, Commemoration of Chaengwattana or the Department of Enforcement. Bang Khun Non Road, Bangkok or law enforcement offices nationwide.
Thai stocks today, February 7, 2023, closed the morning stock market down 2.35 points, the index was at 1,679 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index fell 2.35 points to 1,679.76 points with a turnover of 37,204.72 million baht. The turnover was 37,204.72 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Company Pure Energy Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
Landy Home has sold over 2,600 million baht in 2022.|Landy Home has sold more than 2,600 million baht in 2022. Ready to search for customers in The Northeast East and South after demand surge The company aims to close 2023 with another revenue of 2,750 million baht on February 7, 2023, said Ms. Pornrat Maneerattanaporn, Assistant Managing Director and Sales Director. Landy Home (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said that despite the recent economic slowdown and vulnerability, Landy Home has achieved 2022 earnings growth of more than 5%, amounting to sales of more than 2,600 million baht. Landy Grand price 20 million baht or more 37% of medium-sized homes Landy Home Price 8-20 Million Baht 37% and branded small houses. Trendy Home Price 2-8 Million Baht For 2023, Landy Home aims to sell 2,750 million baht. The company focuses heavily on expanding its customer base into the homebuilding market in the Northeast, Eastern and Upper South regions as it sees the demand and potential of customers in the midsize and luxury home market that can continue to expand. brand Trendy Home concept In addition, the company established a Precast Solution Center under the name NOVA Modular Company to research and develop precast pillars and prefabricated beams at the same time. We have also launched Landy Care service only for customers who build homes with Landy. We are the first company to provide services of this nature. We will be the intermediary in providing skilled contractors according to the standards. Help repair and solve all problems with the house on the spot and negotiate the cost of various operations to be at a reasonable price. It is an exclusive service that will revolutionize the home building industry and is another highlight that gives Landy Home an advantage over its competitors.
LINE BK launches "Nano Loan" to expand customer base across Thailand to help low-income people|LINE BK prepares to expand its customer base throughout Thailand. Helping low-income people Ready to go into the full insurance brokerage business on February 7, 2023 Mr. Thana Bodhikamjorn Chief Executive Officer of Kasikorn Line Co., Ltd. said that in 2022, LINE BK has continued to launch marketing campaigns to stimulate subscriptions. As a result, the number of users is now more than 5.3 million, and LINE BK's services have received positive feedback. This can be seen from the increase in activation data, such as the lending service of more than 600,000 accounts and the total amount of lending from the opening of the service until the end of 2022 is more than 50 billion baht. The Financial Services segment has developed new features to bring the financial and social worlds closer together. In addition, new partners have partnered with new partners to increase access to credit for customers such as Aurora and Srisawat. In addition, we have partnered with Muang Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited or MTL to offer MTL health insurance products through LINE Official Account of LINE BK, focusing on communicating insurance easily and reaching low-income people to increase the chances of Thai people accessing health insurance. In addition, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) technology to help understand and assess the risk for credit customers, which helps to make LINE BK's loan consideration more accurate for LINE BK's business strategy. LINE BK will combine the strengths of LINE chat group chat with ease of finance and develop new services to make it more convenient to connect with each other and the financial world of friends and family on LINE. This allows LINE BK to have additional resources to consider loans, making the loan application process easier and faster. In the first quarter, LINE BK announced a partnership with the LINE ecosystem to provide joint lending services by allowing merchant partners and merchants to apply for nano lending services. Nano Credit Line, or microfinance for occupation, to be used as working capital to help the business continue to move forward uninterrupted, in the first phase, it will be open to specific groups of merchants who have been invited to apply for loans without having to submit documents. It will then expand to other affiliated merchants. Collaboration with Srisawat and Aurora. In the future, special privileges may be added when customers go to transact or use the service, but LINE BK continues to expand its customer base in other provinces nationwide, especially the Northeast. In 2023, it is expected to open an additional credit line of approximately 5,000 million baht. 3/66 LINE BK is now registered as a company to operate life insurance brokerage. Under the name of Kasikorn LINE Insurance Broker, licensed by the Office of Insurance Commission (OIC), SPONSORED is in the process of developing a system to allow customers to purchase and pay directly via LINE BK. For the insurance product highlights offered by LINE BK, we select a selection of tangible insurance products for everyone. At a comfortable price as well.
Pork, chicken, eggs, discounted price, arrange rice pro bag - freeze canned food - drink|Mr. Wattanasak Tiger Iam The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade revealed that he has continuously monitored the price situation of consumer goods. Prices continued to fall, including pork, chicken, eggs, and palm oil. Red meat pork compared to the previous month decreased by 2-4%, the average price of kilograms (kg). 168 baht per store. 149 baht per kg, chicken meat 3-4% discount by calves attached to the hips 55-95 baht per kg, national average 73 baht. 54-95 baht per kg, an average of 76 baht per kg, and in department stores such as Makro, promotions for chicken thighs with hips. 64 baht per kg. 63 baht per kg, 71 baht per kg hips and chest. 72 baht per kg, 3 eggs 3.40-3.42 baht each, palm oil The average price of a bottle is 47 baht per liter, some department stores sell 45 baht per bottle, while other consumer products such as bagged rice are constantly being promoted. Even the cost of paddy is higher. Jasmine rice Rice Glutinous rice, including canned food and beverages The department has asked for cooperation to freeze the price. Even manufacturers say that the cost is much higher. Labor costs, however, will try to freeze prices and manage costs to be under the discussed prices. The department has also assisted farmers who cultivate 3 heads of crops, namely onion, shallot and garlic, by coordinating with entrepreneurs such as wholesale retailers, PTT gas stations, PTT Bangchak and Shells, as well as central markets such as Talad Thai. Four Corners of The City Million Muang purchased 22,800 tons of produce from 23 groups of farmers in 5 provinces, and also delayed sales of 2,850 tons, linking 15,000 tons outside the production site. Send it to The Blue Flag Restaurant to help reduce the cost of The Blue Flag Restaurant and help the farmers as well. As a result, the price of 3 heads of crops continued to rise. At the moment, the price is still favorable, averaging 12-15 baht per fruit, with the Ministry of Commerce having a policy to delay imports so as not to affect the coconut production in the country.
Add a big movie shot in Thailand|Miss TRISULI TRISARANAKUL A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the cabinet meeting was held on Monday. Approved the review of measures to promote foreign filmmaking in Thailand. By adjusting the criteria. The method and conditions of promotion measures have been improved in 2 parts, namely, Part 1, adjusting the cash rebate rate from 15-20% to 20-30% for a period of 2 years, with the main benefit being 20% when there is investment in the country of not less than 100 million baht. After this, the Ministry of Tourism and Sports will update the notification of the Department of Tourism to receive such additional benefits, while the second part of the amendment will increase the refund ceiling from 75 million baht per story to 150 million baht per film, which will increase the investment ceiling for films per story to 750 million baht. From 375 million baht In order to accommodate the trend that foreign filmmakers entering Thailand are major producers. The highest number of films filmed in Thailand at the moment is Thai Cave Rescue, with an investment budget of 833 million baht. The improvement will affect the budget burden in 2024-2025 (the measure will take effect in 2023, but the refund will occur in 2024-2025) for a total of 2 years, increasing from 821.82 million baht to 1,845 million baht, or an increase of 44.54%. The investment of circular film companies in the Thai economy increased from 900-1,200 million baht per year. In addition to providing more than 800 additional employment per year for Thais, Thais have also gained skills and experience in developing the Thai film industry to the international level.
Trade war signals eruption U.S. aims to raise tariffs on aluminum imports from Russia to 200%|The U.S. is preparing to raise tariffs on aluminum imports from Russia to 200% this week to keep pressure on Moscow on the first anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Especially in the aerospace industry. The U.S. has been considering a move to raise tariffs for months, targeting Russia. Since Moscow sells cut-off goods in the U.S. market and damages American companies, the U.S. has previously imposed unprecedented levels of sanctions to punish and discourage President Vladimir Putin's government. Putin's asset freeze in central banks around the world, targeting the banking, technology and defense sectors, as well as punishing individuals associated with the Russian president, is a continuation of last year's efforts by the U.S. and the European Union to reduce Russia's role as a global commodity power. Russia is the world's second-largest aluminium producer after China and an important source of raw materials for the U.S. market, which is largely used to produce goods worth more than ordinary goods. Although aluminium imports from Russia accounted for 10% of all aluminium imports, imports fell to just 3%, according to U.S. trade data. U.S. buyers have also discussed the potential for alternative supply in the event of a ban, tariff hike or sanctions occur, while the Aluminium Association, a representative of the U.S. industry, has expressed support for all measures the U.S. government and NATO allies deem necessary to deal with Russian aggression. However, imports rebounded to 11,600 tonnes in November, before falling back to 9,700 tonnes in January, according to Bloomberg, Reuters, Economictimes.
With 4.47 lakh registered users, "Akom" ordered all banks to move forward.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Ministry of Finance has cooperated with the Bank of Thailand (BOT). Government financial institutions, bankers' associations, and partner agencies organized the "Debt Resolution Expo, Have Debt Resolution, Start Over Sustainably", resulting in a total of 447,000 debt resolution registrations. There were 34,000 requests for services, totaling 24,000 million baht in debt. The company was able to successfully resolve 9,600 million baht of debt, while another 413,000 debt resolution applications were registered online. However, initially, 50,000 debt resolutions were successfully negotiated, amounting to 12,000 million baht, but now there are more than 100,000 transactions registered but cannot be contacted. The other 100,000 transactions did not meet the specified conditions and another 150,000 were still in the process of being resolved, so they had to move forward to continue the debt restructuring process.
Report wrongdoing to money-sucking gangs|Mr. Thapapol Thangsubutr Director General, Department of Business Development He said the Department of Business Development's Anti-Fake News Working Group was set up by the department to provide advice and assistance in prosecuting impersonators named in the department. Long deceived the business operator until he lost his property, received clues from the public, and provided important evidence such as telephone numbers, pictures of line conversations with fraudsters. It is divided into 2 cases: 1. Impersonation of the name of the Department. Create a Line account and quote the name of the department officer to contact the juristic person to confirm the information or fill in the information to be up-to-date. If they are fooled, they will be linked to a financial application installed on their phone and unknowingly sucked out money, which has already been reported to the prosecution. Import false information to damage the public. Imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht or both, and 2. Forging a juristic person certificate or partnership registration certificate to trick the public into believing that the business was actually registered until they believed that they agreed to do as told by the fraudsters or participate in the business. It also forged the Department's announcement to allow juristic persons to confirm the information via the MOC app, the Ministry of Commerce and the Department's e-Registration system, which is not true. The department has already filed a case for forging documents, imprisonment for not more than 3 years, a fine not exceeding 6,000 baht or both, and forging official documents, imprisonment for 6 months - 5 years, and a fine of 1,000-10,000 baht. Have a question? Call hotline 1570.SPONSORED
Failed project of Thai people in 7 provinces|Ms. Tipanan Sirichana Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office It was revealed that the Cabinet meeting acknowledged the progress of the "Thai Pracharath House" project, which was completed in 1 area in Prachuap Khiri Khan province, out of a total of 8 targeted areas, namely Chonburi, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Khon Kaen, Lampang, Nakhon Phanom, Prachuap Khiri Khan and Udon Thani, totaling 317 rai, 2 ngan, 49.9 square wah, totaling 2,757 units. Construction grantees lack financial liquidity. Disruption in environmental impact assessment and lack of availability in all contexts in accordance with the terms of the lease agreement. The other three areas are Udon Thani, Lampang and Nakhon Phanom. 1-2 auctions have been opened, but none of the private parties are interested in participating.
SEC punishes executives for selling shares of "DCON"|The Reporter reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) The prosecution has imposed civil penalties on 5 offenders, namely 1. Chairman of the Executive Committee, Managing Director and Director Deacon Products Plc. (DCON)2.Mr. Chana Towan Executive Vice Chairman and Director DCON3.Ms. Wisara Pornkul4.Ms. Arisra Towan5.Ms. Asma Towan in case of selling DCON shares by being a person who knows or possesses inside information and consents to another person to use his trading account by requiring the offender to pay 2,983,040 baht and the prohibition period for being a director or executive. 1. Mr. Wittawat shall pay a civil fine of 1,729,268 Baht and shall not be a director or executive for 14 months.2.Mr. Chana shall pay a fine of 1,041,123 Baht and shall not be a director or executive for 14 months.3.To Ms. Wisara Ms. Arisara and Ms. Asma paid a fine of 70,883 baht each and were prohibited from being directors or executives for 4 months if they did not consent. The SEC will ask the prosecutor to take the case to the civil court. To impose maximum civil penalties.
Thai stocks today, February 8, 2023, closed the morning stock market down 4.04 points, the index was at 1,676 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market close, down 4.04 The index is at 1,676.45. Turnover 31,162.88 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on February 8, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 4.04 percent. The index was at 1,676.45. The turnover was 31,162.88 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. PTT Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
The band broke. Investors poured heavily into KCE shares. After the company announced the profit was not in accordance with the dream. |The share price movement of KCE Electronics Public Company Limited (KCE) fell sharply this morning to 53.00 baht, down 7.02% from yesterday. Ong Kosit Executive Vice Chairman of KCE Electronics Public Company Limited (KCE) revealed that the total revenue from the Group's sales in Baht increased from Baht 14,937.8 million. In 2021, it was 18,456.3 million baht. Sales in U.S. dollars increased by 13.11% from USD 468.6 million in 2021 to USD 530.1 million in 2022. Due to the depreciation of the baht against the US dollar, there is an increase in the recognition of thai baht income. Approx. 1,076.2 Million Baht The Company reported a total net profit of Baht 2,317.2 million, a decrease of 4.5% from the previous year, with an operating profit of Baht 2,280.9 million in 2022, an increase of 2.80% compared to 2021. However, for HDI PCB, there is still demand for products and the company has a back log order of Special Grade PCB (HDI) products that can partially replace the reduction in orders of multi-layer PCBs. The weakening of the Baht during this year is another important factor that helps the company to realize more baht revenue. KCE announced fourth quarter net profit of 500 million baht. This is down 29% from the same period last year and down 24% from the previous quarter. If the special items are cut, the main profit is expected at 486 million baht. This is down 25% from the same period last year and down 24% from the previous quarter. Core profit was 26% lower than the market's expectation, 25% lower than expected due to lower-than-expected sales and gross margins. We estimate that the core profit in the first quarter of 2023 will decline further. We have revised our 2023 profit forecast down by 15%. KCE reported 25% lower Q4 net profit and 24% lower than market expectations, while 2,317.23 million baht in 2022 was 2,317.23 million baht. Lower-than-expected profit margins and higher-than-expected SG&A-to-sales expenses while looking ahead, remain cautious about KCE's profit outlook for Q1 this year due to weaker demand for PCBs and volatile currencies.
Mannix ScBx loan app owner receives 700 million baht grant from Mae-Lombard Asia ahead of IPO|Monix, a fintech startup that provides 'FINNIX' application, a digital lending platform under SCBX, has received an investment of 700 million baht. SCBX Public Company Limited (SCBX) and Lombard Asia have expanded their nanofinance business and expanded their customer base and plan to be listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (IPO) with the goal of becoming a financial app that reduces financial inequality for Thai people. Chief Operating Officer "Mannix has acquired new partners to invest and create opportunities for livelihood workers who are not yet financially accessible, and this additional investment underscores the confidence that SCBX and Lombard Asia have in our vision and leadership in the digital lending business. The company was established in 2020 through a joint venture of SCBX Group and Abakus Group, a fintech unicorn from China, providing a digital lending platform to help more than 36 million Thais who cannot apply for loans from banks or financial institutions to access legitimate and fair loans. By using alternative data without guarantees or sending documents, which greatly reduces the problem of informal debt. At present, the total loan amount is more than 15 billion baht. WITH MORE THAN 650,000 LOAN CUSTOMERS AND A POSITIVE NET PROFIT EVEN IN CHALLENGING ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, MR. ARAK SUTHEEWONG SCBX Deputy Chief Executive Officer Said: Demonstrates continued commitment and confidence in Mannix's long-term growth prospects. As the parent company of the Group, SCBX continues to support its subsidiaries in the right direction for each company, including funding from the outside of Mannix in this round to generate growth and prepare for listing on the SET. In the next few years, the company aims to increase the value of the company and generate maximum returns for shareholders. Managing Director, Lombard Asia said: "Mannix is a leader in the attractive and rapidly growing digital lending business. This investment follows our strategic plan to support businesses that aim to benefit society while generating a good return on investment. That's why we answer this question very well. As an investor, Lombard Asia will join forces with Mannix's management to drive the business and accelerate its growth rate. To achieve the IPO.
Big C The Department of Internal Trade aims to invite "Thai people to eat rice" of good quality and low cost.|Big C joins hands with Ministry of Commerce and 20 rice bag brands to continue the "Rice Bag" project Big C" 15th aims to increase sales by 40% from the previous year or 1.6 million bags. About 8 million kilograms on February 8, 2023. The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce, said that according to the Thai rice strategy of Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The Minister of Commerce campaigned for Thai people to consume more Thai rice and allow people to consume good quality rice at affordable prices. In 2023, this year was considered a good year for Thai rice and Thai agriculture because the price of rice was higher than the insurance price for all items. Big C aims to increase sales by 40% year-on-year or 1.6 million bags. The campaign is an important part of achieving the public-private partnership goals, especially to encourage the younger generation to pay more attention to Thai rice products. This is another driving force to diversify and encourage more rice consumption and to encourage Thai farmers who grow rice, which is the main basic economic crop of our country." Merchants and entrepreneurs are kindly asked to close the price tag. If not, label the catch. Fine, immediately, and cheat up. Opportunistic trading undue profit Arrested for 7 years and fined not more than 140,000 baht"SPONSORED Mr. Knight Tejacharoenvikul Chief Executive Officer and President BJC Group Big C said rice is an important staple food for Thai consumers. Big C is focused on supporting and promoting the industry from upstream to downstream. Rice bag joint jai Save all over Thailand at Big C This year marks the 15th edition of the event. Big C Co-sponsor Thai farmers in all regions with the important goal of collecting high-quality bagged rice from leading producers to distribute at reasonable prices. In order for entrepreneurs to have more distribution channels while also encouraging Thai farmers who grow rice nationwide to earn more income. More importantly, consumers eat good varieties of rice at an accessible price, which is another activity that creates stability in agricultural products in Thailand. By organizing this event. We have gathered good varieties of rice from Thai farmers by selecting 20 of the country's leading rice bag brands. There are also Phimai bag rice, Kai Chae rice, Dharma bag rice, Greenwich rice, Siam Prana rice bag, Rice bag Rice, Rakjang rice, Big C bag rice bag, Big C Happy Price rice bag, Big C Happy Price Pro bag rice, Thai Wongthong rice bag and Katliya rice bag to be distributed with special promotions. Get up to 30% discount when buying participating rice bags and also get a free discount coupon worth 50 baht when buying 500 baht or more of participating rice bags, which we believe will stimulate the sale of rice bags, which are already popular, to be distributed to new customers. The project will run from now until March 15, 2023 at all Big C Supercenters nationwide, including Big C Market, Big C Food Place and Big C Mini, as well as all online sales channels. 
BJC ranks no. 1 in S&P Global sustainability in Food & Staples Retailing|Berli Yugger or BJC ranked No. 1 in S&P Global Sustainability in Food & Staples Retailing in The Sustainability Yearbook 2023 on Feb. 8, 2023. Berli Yugger Public Company Limited (BJC) announced that S&P Global has announced the top corporate names to be members of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and has been listed in The Sustainability Yearbook 2023. Your Trusted Partner for a Sustainable Better Living"I, as a representative of the management and the entire team, am delighted and proud to have achieved the world's highest score in the industry. Food & Staples Retailing from the global sustainability arena, where BJC is committed to enhancing the quality of life for our customers, partners and all stakeholders to get the most out of it. It integrates the sustainability approach established by the organization. In line with the principles of corporate development towards sustainability or ESG covering 3 aspects of environment, society and good governance"SPONSORED, Berli Yugger Public Company Limited (BJC) has been selected in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the 3rd consecutive year, being assessed as the highest level in the world. The award reflects BJC's efforts to drive positive change in the retail business and its sustainable business partnerships to improve the well-being of society. It balances economic, social and environmental aspects. Under the principles of good corporate governance for BJC, we are like a big tree that has been growing for hundreds of years. At the same time, BJC will use S& Global's corporate evaluation criteria as part of its corporate planning to be in line with the United Nations Sustainability Goals (SDGs) as well as the BCG Model or Thailand's holistic economic development framework to enhance sustainable growth in all dimensions.
This evening, hurry to refill OR-Bangchak, announcing an increase in the "oil price". All kinds of sohol groups|Don't forget to add "PTT Station" and "Bangchak" to announce an increase in the price of gasohol by 50 baht. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. It will take effect from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Feb. 8, 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Meanwhile, high premium 97 products and "diesel" products remain the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 9 February 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.85 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.58 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.94 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.39 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Thai stocks today, February 8, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 10.15, the index stood at 1,670.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was down 10.15 at 1,670.34. Turnover 60,528.17 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on February 8. 66 Half day afternoon, the index fell 10.15. The index was at 1,670.34. The index peaked at 1,684.75. The index is at a low of 1,667.79. The turnover was 60,528.17 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 5. Banpu Public Company Limited.
We Travel Together Phase 5 Reworked Timeline Reservations are available 1 day earlier.|"We Travel Together Phase 5" project rethinks timeline Reservations will open one day earlier on March 7 and will be open to the public who have never been eligible. Registration is available on February 27, 2023On February 8, 2023, Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), revealed that Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited Request to adjust the timeline of the project's reservations and travel journeys. We travel together phase 5 from the original booking on 8 March 2023 and travel on the first day 11 March 2023, change to open booking 7 March 2023 and travel on the first day 10 March 2023. We travel together, phase 5, on those days for those who have never been eligible. The system will be open to the public on February 27, 2023, while existing entrepreneurs will be able to apply for the rights and acknowledge the conditions (T&C) of We Travel Together Phase 5 on March 7, 2023, while new entrepreneurs will have to fill in the E-FORM system on the We Travel Together website between February 8 - 15, 2023, and TAT will complete the qualification check by February 27, 2023 so that operators can receive T&C at the same time on March 7, 2023. There will be 5 rights or 5 rooms per person, where the government will pay a 40% discount on accommodation up to 3,000 baht per room and receive an e-voucher of 600 baht per day. AS FOR THE REASON THAT THERE ARE 5 RIGHTS OR 5 ROOMS PER PERSON TO DISTRIBUTE MORE RIGHTS BECAUSE THERE ARE ONLY 560,000 RIGHTS THAT CAN BE USED ACROSS PROVINCES NATIONWIDE, AND THERE IS NO SUPPORT FOR AIRFARE DISCOUNTS SUCH AS THE PREVIOUS PHASE. restaurant Tourist attractions, shops, OTOP shops, spas/health massages, transportation for tourism can apply for the project via .com The hotel/accommodation must submit the number and room rate information along with the additional rate plan, however, the participant must be 18 years of age or older. Register for the program via www.We Travel Together.com Ready to install paotang application Reservations must be made 3 days in advance of departure, which has been reduced from the original 7 days in order to comply with travel habits.
The shipment actually synchronized the april 1 order, did not pay the "renewal" fine, did not sign the label.|Mr. Jirut Wisanjit The Director-General of the Department of Land Transport mentioned the case of electronic data linkage. To enforce road traffic laws to reduce illegal activities. Prevent and reduce road accidents As for the measures to delay the tax markings, it applies to vehicles with unpaid traffic orders, saying that the department has prepared a "Memorandum of Understanding on Electronic Data Linkage to enhance the enforcement of road traffic laws with the Royal Thai Police (NPA) by those who commit traffic offences and receive orders from unpaid police officers. Within the specified period, the STC will inform the Department of Land Transport of the outstanding traffic penalty to notify the car owner or contact person in the process of applying for the annual tax payment to pay the fine. The registrar will accept the annual tax renewal but has not received the tax mark (tax tag) by getting temporary evidence instead of the tax tag, which is valid for 30 days, in order to complete the payment of the outstanding fine within 30 days. The law provides for the convenience of the public, allowing the registrar to accept the payment of fines according to the order along with the payment of taxes and receive the tax mark immediately. It's not. THE LINK BETWEEN THE TWO ENTITIES WILL APPLY TO TRAFFIC ORDERS FROM APRIL 1, 2023 ONWARDS, WITH NO RETROACTIVE EFFECT."
Automakers point to election pushing "Yamaha-MG" money, aiming for sales soaring!|Mr. Pongsathorn Auamongkolchai, Executive Vice President, Thai Yamaha Thailand is about to hold a general election, which will boost the motorcycle market. In addition, there are good signs from the economic forecast, and the government's investment this year will contribute to the growth of the economy along with COVID-19. As a result, the overall economic system and tourism in the country have recovered to the overall motorcycle market, so there will be an overall sales of all brands of all brands, which is close to last year. The risk factor for this year remains the issue of rising household debt. "This year, Yamaha aims to increase its market share to 16.5% or 295,000 units, or 4% more than last year, while accelerating production capacity and focusing on branding strategies, including sales and marketing strategies, in order to strengthen and grow market share." Lertrudeewattanawong Deputy Managing Director of MG Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said that MG predicts the overall market of all brands in Thailand. This year will grow more than last year, supported by the easing of the COVID-19 pandemic. The country's economic growth rate has improved, as well as bustling tourism, and this year there will also be elections that will bring more money. Especially if after the election a new government is formed. As soon as possible, it's a good thing, because it will make it a consideration. The budget for the end of this year is on schedule. Therefore, it is believed that the overall car market this year will sell at least 880,000 units, with MG aiming to sell 50,000 units and be the market leader in electric vehicles.
SEC 14 5 companies|The Reporter reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) It has disclosed civil sanctions against 14 offenders, including: 1. Mr. Khajonkiat Ng-aram; 2. Ms. Porntip Metheecharoenwong 3. Mrs. Tassanee Yampradit 4.Ms. Mutita Ekavipat 5. Ms. Kanisakan Choksapipat (formerly Ms. Warisara Chaicharoenpanya) 6. 7. Ms. Methini Sittikornmethakul 8. Ms. Wariya Pinthongpradit 9. Mr. Thanapol Pinthongpradit10.Ms. Atchara Suvidejkosol 11.Ms. Pajana Special Pok 12. Mr. Siddhartha Chavarangkur 13. Ms. Achiraya Kiattayakorn (formerly Ms. Kanpor) 14. Ms. Mevika Deesri. In the case of creating the share price of 5 companies by demanding payment under civil penalties totaling 27,398,667 baht, the prohibition period for trading securities and futures contracts and the prohibition of being a director or executives and the 14 offenders. The SEC received information from the Stock Exchange of Thailand and further investigated that in November 2018, the company received information from the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Nov.2019-Jan.2020 The 14 offenders, who had financial and/or personal relationships, jointly submitted orders to sell their shares. In a manner that misleads the general public about the price or volume of securities and sends orders in a continuous manner. It is intended that the price or volume of securities is inconsistent with normal market conditions. Details include the creation of the share price of SCI Electric Public Company Limited (SCI) during November 25, 2019-12. DEC 2019 The perpetrators included 11 offenders, including Mr. Khajonkiat, Ms. Porntip, Mrs. Thasanee, Ms. Muthita. Mr. Methasit, Ms. Methini, Ms. Wariya jointly acted with the result that the price increased from Baht 1.32 to Baht 1.71 and the trading volume increased from Baht 0.54 million to 12.35 million shares, in the case of the creation of the share price of Global Service Center (GSC) Plc. on December 13, 2019. A total of 10 offenders, such as Mr. Khajonkiat, Ms. Porntip, Mrs. Tassanee and Ms. Muthita, committed the act by increasing the price from 0.68 baht to 0.78 baht and the trading volume increased from 0.58 million shares to 88.23 million shares.
Blame the state-AOT-Thai airways. The cause of Thailand's huge loss of tourist opportunities|It was on February 6th. On the first day, Chinese authorities allowed group tours in 20 countries, including Thailand. Although Chinese tourists are gradually coming, it is believed that soon the number of tourists from China in the form of groups will return to the bustle of the past, but it is well known that tourism is the main industry that drives thailand's gross domestic product (GDP) figures enormously. So since the middle of last year. When COVID-19 measures It has begun to relax and the country has opened up to tourists. We will see positive fanfare that tourists are gradually starting to enter Thailand. There are lines to welcome tourists at the airport with adults in the government itself. He also announced his confidence that tourism would resume the boom. Talking about the good things that will happen from the recovery of tourism is like a plaster on some of the truths that remain unsolvable and are unlikely to get the attention of all parties involved. The first is about the number of flights that are still too small to accommodate both arrivals and departures. This has been discussed many times before. BECAUSE WE LACK THE NUMBER OF FLIGHTS THAT CANNOT BE MANAGED IN LINE WITH THE REBOUND IN TOURIST TRAFFIC, THIS PROBLEM IS OBVIOUS. If there are not enough planes to travel to the destination to pick up tourists and send the tourists who have already come back to their country. The shocking news is now. Our national airlines Thai Airways has only a few dozen aircraft in service. Of the nearly a hundred, some were sold off their debts, or decommissioned, parked at the airport waiting to be registered for sale. I don't know how much opportunity I lost to fly to serve tourists who want to travel in and out of Thailand. The second problem is the management of passenger baggage at Suvarnabhumi Airport, where Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) has hired Thai Airways to perform this function, but there is a labor shortage. There is not enough manpower. Inability to perform work efficiently Loading baggage up and down therefore lasts a very long time. Imagining the first experience of tourists encountering the poor service of the outpost makes it even more distressing. If this is not solved, it will open more flights, creating problems, becoming a cycle that needs to be spent on both films at the same time. These two problems do not require any special skills or ability to analyze and solve problems, but they are big issues that are not taken seriously and ignored by those involved. The government, including the Prime Minister, must come down and pick up the children in these matters, not close their eyes and let them go." In spite of the fact that the tourism industry is the main source of income and a large income of the country, it will help the recovery in the short term quickly. It also has implications for other businesses that will benefit from the economic growth. But we cannot take full advantage of the recovery of tourism from the incompetent administration of responsible persons and the adults of the city." Mr. Setha Thaweesin Chief Executive Officer, Sansiri Public Company Limited Candidet, the 30th prime minister, said.
Design Village to please customers of red panda grill line expands 2 branches |"Design Village" project to please grill customers and "Red panda" opened 2 branches at Design Village Kaset-Nawamin project. Parking is convenient. The shop has a special omakase zone and the use of lights to enhance the atmosphere. Mr. Attapol Rangsiyapornrat Assistant Managing Director of Business Development and Design Village Lifestyle Mall business operator Mr. Nattakarn Intaravijit and Mr. Thanakorn Iamwattanapaisin (Co-Founder), founders of Red Panda Yakiniku, who operates a premium Japanese-style grill buffet. On the occasion of the opening of branch 2 at Design Village Kaset-Nawamin project, Mr. Nattakarn said: Red Panda Yakinigu's first store opened in 2021 and received a good response. There are a lot of customers coming to eat. As a result, the founders decided to open a second store, starting with a survey of the customer market from the store's page to the demand. And from trying to find the right location for customers, they came across a design project. Village Kaset-Nawamin is the perfect place for 2 branches with a suitable location, convenient parking. Customers can park their cars and walk into the store. moreover It also serves as a gateway for customers traveling from the city to Bangkok. Red Panda started with the same love of grilling between the two co-founders, but did not find the right restaurant, which led to the idea of founding Red Panda that came from the intention and attention to detail from conceptualization to menus that intend to select the best in premium for customers who love Japanese grilling. At Red Panda, deliciousness starts with the meat, a combination of meat and deliciousness from ideas that are distilled from creative intentions and provide quality meat. Red Panda's beef has 4 characteristics and 4 characteristics that should not be missed, starting with Sotomomo, which is a juicy and mouth-watering calf fillet, followed by Mitsuji, a tender pie leaf meat. Next up is sotobara beef, which is lean with oily patterns that are more umami than the others, and finally, a specially sliced beef tongue, a sendai-style chevron, which is also the most delicious part of the tongue." Mr. Nattakarn said that the concept of branch 2 is fully focused on creating concepts and menus. Gimmick and exclusive features are added. Near dusk, the restaurant will turn down the lights so that customers can enjoy a unique experience. Perfect for evening after-work gatherings together. Mix warmth for customers. However, the exclusive feature of this branch is that the omakase zone is served by chefs with 10 years of butchering experience from Japan. The restaurant is open from 11:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 1.30-hour all-you-can-eat buffet starting at THB 469++ per person or for more information, please contact Line: @redpandayakinku or call 098-836-5550 (Kaset Nawamin Branch).
Gold price today, February 9, 2023, opened Thursday morning, price does not increase, does not decrease.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Thursday Morning 9 Feb 23 Price does not increase, does not discount for the price of "gold bullion" sold out 29,850 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,350 baht per baht. On February 9, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.23 a.m. did not move, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,750 baht per baht. Baht 29,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,213.32 baht per baht. Baht 30,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
UIH partners with Microsoft to provide solutions to drive Thai businesses into digital business |UIH joins hands with Microsoft to drive Thai businesses towards digital business The company has strengths in cloud, software, hardware, automation and security under the UIH Ecosystem. The Managing Director of United Information Highway Co., Ltd. (UIH), a digital infrastructure business operator, said the company announced a partnership with Microsoft Thailand. It focuses on helping Thai businesses grow in the digital economy. Empowering organizations in Thailand to go digital As a fully digital business Leveraging UIH's strengths in cloud, software, hardware, automation and security, it joins Microsoft's global technology to deliver the best innovation to UIH's current and future customer base. The company has a shared mission in 3 areas: creating new innovations to support the next step of Thai enterprises as a fully digital business in data analytics, digital workplace, e-commerce and marketing technologies, delivering new solutions to customers using UIH's strengths in cloud, software, hardware, automation and security under the UIH ecosystem combined with Microsoft technology. Microsoft solutions from UIH currently cover licenses, designs, and services for medium to large businesses, with customers being leading companies from various industries. This includes having subject matter experts who can fully expand Microsoft's innovations. With the potential of Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Azure, Microsoft End-to-End Service is available to meet the needs of businesses to their full potential. UIH's past work in driving digital business with Microsoft technology comes in a variety of dimensions, such as digital workplace that supports seamless and safe work using Unified Communication, Security and Automation technologies, E-Commerce, Marketing Technologies and Data Analytics to create a seamless customer communication experience with AI technology, as well as integrate with modern customer data platform to meet digital onboarding needs and create a seamless enterprise customer service experience.  However, the synergy between UIH and Microsoft as a partner has helped spark UIH to create a digital business solution and meet the needs of UIH customer organizations in all industries to prepare businesses to keep pace with the digital era with confidence. President of the Company Microsoft (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said it is proud to have expert technology partners working together to develop Thai businesses into the digital economy. By bringing technology to enhance potential along with upgrading work processes to be more complete. "Do More with Less" is something that we and our partners like UIH are ready to apply to move towards the same goal, which is customer success. My team and I sincerely hope that we will work together to create something good for the Thai business sector to progress together under this partnership. Microsoft combines its strengths in global innovation and technology with UIH's strengths as a digital network and ICT provider. A solution trusted by customers across the business sector. It is equipped with tools, expertise, personnel and experience, as well as the readiness of a complete ecosystem. Computing Cybersecurity, content and digital solutions, both from UIH under the Benchachinda Group itself and leading strategic alliances both domestically and internationally, are ready to push forward and implement new technologies to empower businesses to enter the digital era sustainably.
Dr. Sarit and his daughter collected nearly 600 million baht of BDMS. Expect profit growth to receive foreign patients to use the service. |Stock movements Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited (BDMS) found that 2 major shareholders continuously acquired shares of the Company from the beginning of the year to February 8, 2023, buying more than 26.67 million shares or more than 5.95 million baht. The total value is over 389 million baht. While Ms. Prasatthong Osoth Chairman of the Board of Directors and the 3rd largest shareholder acquired 15 shares totaling 6.8 million shares. Valued at more than 205 million baht, DBS Vickers Asset Management (Thailand) He revealed that the long-term trend is going well, with many foreign patients still coming to Thailand and BDMS being one of the main hospitals. The largest in Thailand is spread across several provinces (currently there are 59 hospitals) and has already exhausted a large investment period. Net profit in the fourth quarter of 2022 will be 3 billion baht. It grew 12.5% year-on-year but weakened by 12.4% QoQ, supported by a 55% increase in revenue from foreign patients from the same period last year. Thai patient revenue weakened slightly by 2% due to a decline in revenue from COVID-19 services, and KGI Asset Management (Thailand) expects profit in the fourth quarter of last year to remain strong, with net profit expected to be 3.04 billion baht. This reflects continued growth from the same period last year and represents 26.6% of our full-year profit estimate of THB 127.5 billion. This was supported by both Thai and foreign patients. We expect strong growth of 64.9% in revenue from foreign patients from the Middle East, CLMV and BangladeshSPONSORED with the proportion of revenue from Thai and foreign patients changing to 72:2>8. We expect BDMS's performance to improve in 4Q65 and continue for a few years as both Thai and foreign patients return to the service due to the improvement of the COVID-19 situation. Strong medical care that includes both innovative use and expansion of preventive medicine services is increasingly trying to collaborate with related businesses. Although we are already optimistic about the company's long-term profit prospects. However, we think that the company's profit will continue to upside in the future due to business partnerships with other companies and the conducive to BDMS's business as Thailand enters an ageing society, which will result in higher-than-expected revenues from both Thai and foreign patients (e.g. BDMS Wellness Clinic, Genomic Center and National Cancer Center Japan).
UOB expects Thailand's GDP to grow 3.7% in 2023|UOB Thailand Thailand's GDP growth in 2023 is expected to grow by 3.7%. Welcome tourists all over the world, especially China. Meanwhile, the baht strengthened and exports continued to expand on February 9, 2023. UOB's Global Economic and Market Research economist said that since the beginning of January, Thailand begins to welcome tourists from China back After the Covid outbreak, which was earlier than we expected, it was a good thing and had a positive impact on the tourism sector, which is the main income of the country, to continue to recover. As well as the strengthening of the baht due to the increase in tourist numbers, which will stimulate domestic consumption and spending. Therefore, thailand's economic situation in 2023 will begin to recover continuously each quarter. UOB estimates that economic growth will expand by 3.7 percent and inflation will average 2.7 percent. Meanwhile, the aftermath of the resumption of Chinese tourists following the reopening of borders. However, in the first half of 2026, the baht may be affected by the global economic outlook at the macro level. As a result, the movement weakened to 35 baht per U.S. dollar in the first half of the year before returning to strength and climbing to 33 baht per U.S. dollar in the second half of the year. As a result, thailand's economic situation is likely to grow by 3-4 percent this year, as evidenced by the GDP growth of 4.5 percent in 2022. In addition, household consumption grew at its highest rate in nearly 10 years, and expenses in the service sector rose by 15.8 percent due to higher spending in the restaurant sector. Therefore, UOB is confident that Thailand's economic growth rate will be 3.7% this year, thanks to the number of tourists who will help stimulate the domestic economy along with a stronger export sector. This is due to the continued decline in energy prices. UOB estimates that Thailand's inflation rate will remain afloat at around 2.7 percent, headline inflation will reach 3.9 percent in the first half of the year and will remain at 1.5 percent in the second half due to lower consumption demand due to improved global supply chains, moderate energy and global prices, and producer price index (PPI) will continue to decline. The baht will weaken against other Asian currencies and the US dollar due to factors such as the Bank of Thailand's lenient and flexible monetary policy compared to other central banks in the region, low interest rate levels across the region, and uncertainty over the current global situation. At the same time, UOB estimates that Thailand's current account surplus will return to a surplus of 2.8% of GDP, which will provide additional support to the baht, which weakened and moved to 35 baht per US dollar in the first half of the year, to strengthen to 33 baht per US dollar in the last quarter.
AP carpets 58 new projects worth 77 billion baht to get the real estate market back on track|AP carpets 58 new projects worth 77 billion baht to get the real estate market back on track. Single house and townhome on February 9, 2023. Chanthawimol, Deputy Managing Director Corporate Strategy and Creative Division AP Thailand said that in the past 65 years, thailand's real estate market has grown in all segments. This year, too, we are confident that we will grow as the economy recovers from the tourism sector. For the past year, AP has launched 51 new projects worth more than 63.6 billion baht. Net sales exceeded the target of 50,415 million baht. While ownership transfers have increased significantly and are expected to exceed the target, Mr. Wittkarn said that this year, AP continues to aim for more challenging work. With plans to launch the most valuable new projects on the market. 58 projects worth over 77,000 million baht IT CAN BE DIVIDED AS FOLLOWS: SPONSORED- 22 detached houses worth 34,800 million baht - 27 townhomes worth 26,400 million baht- 4 condominium projects worth 11,800 million baht - 5 provincial projects worth 4,000 million baht. As a result, AP will have more than 192 projects ready for sale in Bangkok and upcountry worth more than 165,600 million baht. The company aims to sell 58,000 million baht. In addition, we expand our expertise in the real estate business by finding new market gaps by using the resources that the company has to nurture thinkers. In order to create new businesses that can be used to support the business in the long term holistically, including in the dimension of real estate development in new ways, or to complement other affiliated businesses such as Smart Service & Management (SMART) or Bangkok City Smart (BC), a one-stop brokerage property, etc., AP has successfully launched FitFriend, a delivery trainer. Meet health trends In the past year, FitFriend has more than 6,000 classes, and today we have more than 100 trainers in the system. Service & Management To provide services to smart homeowners with more than 370 projects with the trending single-family house project Mr. Ratchayut Nantachotisopon Deputy Managing Director AP Thailand Plc., Business Development Division, said that the single-family home business continues to launch new projects in increasing proportions. Both in terms of project value and the number of projects that have multiplied, this year is preparing to open new single-family homes. 22 projects worth 34,800 million baht In addition, we are preparing to launch THE CITY, a new model single house with an area of 100-127 square wah, with a living area of approximately 386-560 square meters, in 3 projects, namely THE CITY Charan - Pinklao. 58 units worth 1,350 million baht , THE CITY Pinklao-Borom 3 with 68 units worth 1,420 million baht and THE CITY Sukhumvit-Onnut 2 with 64 units worth 1,380 million baht. We aim to launch a project in the middle of the city. 4-5-storey detached houses in urban locations after the successful launch of Baan Klang Krung Sathupradit - Rama 3 project in 2021, as well as upscaling the luxury mansion THE PALAZZO to meet the needs of wealthy customers. Deputy Managing Director Business Development Division, Condominium Product Group Plc. AP Thailand said the overall condominium market in 2023 should recover to a similar level to the previous year in the face of COVID-19. If you look at ap condominium sales in the past year. The condominium business is set to launch 4 new condominiums in 2023. The condo business group will contribute to the inclusive growth goal in AP Thailand's big picture. Continuing our ongoing partnership with Mitsubishi And this year, the condo business group is preparing to deliver 4 ready-to-live condominiums with a total value of more than 16,200 million bahtSPONSORED.
ASEAN had only 8 emerging unicorn startups in 2022, three times less than the previous year.|DealStreetAsia reports that in 2022, In Southeast Asia, only 8 startups can become unicorns (startups with a company value of US$1 billion), which is almost 3 times less than in 2021, with a total of 23 unicorns. Digital financial solutions provider with SCB as strategic investor of over 3 billion baht -Insider, Singapore-based marketing software provider -Voyager Philippine digital wallet provider Paymaya, which has Chinese tech giant Tencent as a joint venture-Biofourmis. Singapore-based personalized healthcare digital provider-Coda Payments Singapore-DANA Online Payment Solutions Provider Digital Wallet Platform Provider-LINE MAN Wong Nai On-demand platform provider and Thai restaurant information-Kredivo An Indonesian online lending platform provider, among the number of emerging unicorns. Singapore is also ranked No. 1 along with Indonesia. Thailand has LINE MAN Wong Nai as the latest unicorn. After 2021, two unicorns, Flash Express and Ascend Money, were born. It reflects the funding model of each country. Last year, Singaporean startups raised $9.79 billion, followed by Indonesian startups with $3.77 billion. The two countries together account for about 86% of the total capital raised at $158 billion, sponsored by business type, with five-eighths of emerging unicorns being financial technology companies, or fintechs, worth $5 billion, followed by e-commerce online commerce businesses worth $3.5 billion, which shows a significant increase in investor interest in financial technology among emerging unicorns. Singapore-based Coda Payments was the highest-funded company to raise $690 million in Series C in April last year from major investors including Singapore's National Wealth Fund GIC, Insight Partners and Smash Capital, while second, Indonesia's Akulaku and Singapore's Biofourmis, raised $300 million each last year. This is the highest level on record, however, the overall picture of unicorns in ASEAN. Singapore is also the reigning country with the highest number of cases at 25, followed by Indonesia with 16, Vietnam with 4, Thailand with 3, Philippines with 2 and Malaysia with 2.
Adobe survey reveals most executives are still unsure NFT-Metaverse supports businesses, but refuses to study  |Adobe survey reveals that most executives are still unsure of NFT-Metaverse supporting their business, seeing it as having little impact on marketing and customer experience, but does not refuse to study for new opportunities. More than 9,000 marketers and agencies around the world point out that although many organizations around the world have talked a lot about new technologies such as metaverse, NFT, and augmented/virtual reality, most executives and marketers are still unsure and see little impact on marketing and customer experience. This means that there are still plenty of opportunities for business brands, according to Simon Dale, Adobe's Asia Pacific and Korea Managing Director, who said 89% of senior executives think digital content will be a success for their business and have the potential to push gointer business. For example, South Korea, whose creative industries drive its economy and export domestic brands internationally, generated more than $110 billion in last year. Thailand stands out for its visual content. Therefore, brands still have the opportunity to innovate and expand their business throughout the content after this. 'The right content at the right time', according to the survey, 44% of marketers still face obstacles at work. For example, planning, scoping, prioritizing. Content assignments for tangible results Woodworking machines, unfavorable tools. The problem with workflows is that they are the ones that hold back the operations of the marketing department the most. Improving campaigns, creating and exporting content, analyzing customer data, and streamlining content, creative and marketing teams from upstream to downstream is an urgent agenda for many organizations this year to invest in adobe qualitative content. It will be an important jigsaw puzzle that allows businesses to deliver quality content at the right time, such as artificial intelligence. Machine learning system, cloud-based software deployment Using technology or multiple service providers to support services Customer storage tools to deliver personalized experiences and ads, with 48% of businesses investing in technology and planning to leverage existing marketing and data technologies. To plan for a better digital experience. Because real-time customer data gives your business insights to create content that is used at the right time.
Stock investor sentiment indices are very hot!|Mr. Kobsak Phusong Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses Investor Confidence Index Revealed in January 2023 The investor confidence index for the next three months stood at 160.07, up 31.5% from the previous month. Investors see the recovery of the tourism sector as the biggest boost to confidence in the Thai stock market, followed by capital inflows and the recovery of the domestic economy. The factors that hold investor confidence the most are international conflicts. Federal Reserve (FED) interest rate hike policy and specific business taxation on securities sales by individual and foreign investors. Upwards to threshold "It's very hot." Meanwhile, a group of securities companies and institutions in the country. Up to threshold. The most interesting business category is tourism and leisure. The most unattractive businesses are paper and printing materials. "INVESTORS IN ALL SECTORS INCREASED BY 29.8%, SECURITIES COMPANIES BY 60.4%, DOMESTIC INSTITUTIONS BY 42.1%, AND FOREIGN INVESTORS BY 28.0%." Expansion of private consumption Exports will slow down, opportunities to become a manufacturing base after many countries move out of China, as well as the dissolution of parliament and election results, which will reflect the direction of the Thai economy in the second half of the year."
Thai stocks today, February 9, 2023, ended the afternoon session down 1.17 points, the index was at 1,669 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon down 1.17. The index is at 1,669.17. Turnover 63,498.75 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced the 9th day of the event. In February 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index fell 1.17. The index was at 1,669.17 points, the highest index was at 1,672.09. The index is at a low of 1,656.74. The turnover was 63,498.75 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. KCE Electronics Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Kasikorn Investment invests 3.5 billion shares in JAM to support JMT as no.1 asset management leader|Mr. Patchara Samalapa Managing Director, Kasikorn Bank Kasikorn Investment Co., Ltd. (KInvesture), a subsidiary of Kasikorn Bank, has invested 9.9% of the ordinary shares of J Asset Management Co., Ltd. (JAM) with an investment of more than 3,500 million baht. In order to support JAM's growth, as it sees JAM's potential with technology and skilled personnel, as well as seeing opportunities for JAM's growth, it was decided to participate in this investment. The Bank has partnered with JAM, a subsidiary of JMT Network Plc. JMT established JK Asset Management Co., Ltd. (JK AMC), the first joint venture in Thailand between a commercial bank and an asset management company in accordance with the Bank of Thailand policy. To solve the problem of non-performing assets that have increased due to the Covid situation in the past, Mr. Suttirak Traiichiraphorn Chief Executive Officer of JMT said that KBank's acquisition of a stake in JAM reflects the strength of its management. JMT aims to become the No. 1 in the non-performing asset management business.
Price hike again Oil price hike announced All types of sohol groups except E20, E85|Don't forget to add "PTT Station" and "Bangchak" to announce the increase in "fuel price" gasohol group by 40 baht. High Premium 97 up 20 Sat. While E20, E85 and diesel segments, prices remain the same. It will take effect from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Feb. 9, 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 40 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Meanwhile, the High Premium 97 product increased by 20 satang/litre. E20, E85 and "diesel" segments remain the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 10 February 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.25 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.98 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.94 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.39 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 43.84 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Whoops! Found suspicious filing of personal tax return.|Mr. Laworn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department It was revealed that during the filing period of personal tax return between Jan-Mar 2023. The Revenue Department will strictly monitor individual tax filings for the year 2022 more carefully, especially those with high risk thresholds. There are irregularities in the filing of personal tax returns, both intentionally and unintentionally in filing tax returns correctly. The IRS has created a pattern for checking tax returns and found irregularities in tax filings. If you are not in the risk group, you will receive your refund within 3 days, but if you are in the risk group, you will receive a refund more than 7 days late." Don't worry. If the refund is received, the department will return it within 3 days, but whoever is in the risk group will take more time to investigate. Currently, there are 11 million people in the personal tax system, who are salaried workers, but are in a position to pay only 4 million taxes. At the same time, this is the tax filing period. As a result, fraudsters pretending to be revenue department officials deceived the public. Therefore, ask the public to receive a call from the IRS officials. The IRS does not have a policy for staff to call and send short messages (SMS) and lines directly to taxpayers."
"Millennium" enters the stock market Import - Sell Big Bikes - Yachts - Luxury Cars|"Millennium Group" Prepare to bring the company to the stock market. Empowering to meet the lifestyle of travel and create a comprehensive business ecosystem. Use the proceeds from the fundraising to expand the business and invest in "Alpha X". Group Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Group Corporation (Asia) (MGC-ASIA) Millennium Group has been in business for more than 2 decades by strengthening its business ecosystem through the expansion of its products, services and customer base that aims to meet the full range of travel lifestyles. At present, Millennium Group has a wide range of products and services. yacht River boats and used cars with warranty Customer sourcing services for private jet rental businesses and leading airline ticket agents After-sales and maintenance services are available. Short-term and long-term car rental services with drivers, as well as long-term revenue generating businesses and other services such as automotive and marine financial services. Insurance brokerage and information technology (IT) services and information operations centers, etc. It also cooperates with partners, which are global automotive manufacturers and services. LET'S CREATE NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES RELATED TO PROVIDING A FULL RANGE OF CUSTOMER SERVICESPONSORED MR. SANHAWUT SAID. The Company is in the process of being listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand with Finansa Asset Management as financial advisor for the initial public offering. No more than 336 million shares or not more than 30% of the total issued and paid-up ordinary shares of the Company. Alpha X is a joint venture with SCBX Public Company Limited and Master Motor Services (Thailand) Co., Ltd., as well as new business opportunities to create sustainable growth for the Group in the long term. In addition to paying off loans from financial institutions and increasing working capital to generate growth in business operations. "We aim to expand our business capabilities by expanding and expanding our marine business in the region to meet the needs and lifestyles of new target groups, and expanding into financial services, leasing, leasing and refinancing for all types of luxury vehicles through Alpha X and insurance brokerage services through Howden Maxi Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. and others." At present, Millennium Group operates as a holding company, divided into 3 main business groups, namely: 1. Automotive retail business. Cars Big Bikes The world's leading automotive brands include Rolls-Royce, BMW, MINI, Honda and BMW Motorrad, Harley-Davidson, Italian yacht Azimut, American river boat Chris-Craft, and used car sales, as well as customer sourcing services. VistaJet targets customers with high purchasing power by becoming Thailand's No. 1 supplier of BMW, MINI and BMW Motorrad vehicles. 3. The business group provides car rental and driver services by providing long-term car rental services focusing on medium to large companies with a rental period of 2-5 years. 'Sixt Rent a Car' has more than 4,500 service centers in more than 105 countries around the world. The ASEAN SUMMIT includes the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC 2022) hosted by Thailand.
The economy rebounded, pushing the confidence index to new highs.|Mr. Thanawat Polvichai, President of the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and Chief Advisor to the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting A survey of 2,244 people nationwide revealed that the consumer confidence index had risen in all items. This shows that consumers are confident that the Thai economy is recovering. By Consumer Confidence Index for November January 2023 was 51.7 from 49.7 in January. Dec 2022 It improved for the 8th consecutive month and the highest in 26 months. Dec 2020, The current sentiment index stood at 36.3, up from 34.6, the confidence in the future was at 59.2, up from 56.9, while the overall economic sentiment index was at 46.0, up from 43.9, the confidence index about job prospects was at 49.0, up from 47.9, and the confidence index about future earnings was at 60.2, up from 58.1. The economy has improved after a clear rebound in tourism. Especially Chinese and Russian tourists are starting to arrive. This has resulted in more domestic cash flow and improved economic activity in various regions, coupled with a sharp drop in gasoline prices from the first half of the year. As a result, people feel relaxed about the cost of living, as well as better prices for agricultural crops such as rice, cassava, maize. THE BAHT STRENGTHENED, REFLECTING THE NET INFLOW OF FOREIGN CURRENCY", THE CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN CONSUMER CONFIDENCE IN ALL ITEMS IS A GOOD STARTING POINT, INDICATING THAT CONSUMERS ARE BEGINNING TO REGAIN CONFIDENCE THAT THE ECONOMY IS STARTING TO RECOVER AND WILL BEGIN TO SHOP MORE SEQUENTIALLY IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF THIS YEAR. However, consumers remain concerned about the high cost of living. Concerns about the war between Russia and Ukraine could lead to higher global oil prices and affect the cost of producing goods, which could slow the global economic recovery and could negatively affect exports and the Thai economy in the future. Meanwhile, a rate hike could plunge the global economy into recession."
When "Tesla" enters the market What will be the outlook for the Thai automotive industry?|KKP Research by Kiatnakin Phatra Financial Group analyzed that the past year has been a golden year for Thai electric vehicles. Whether it is the establishment of a Chinese electric railway company's factory under the government's support measures or the big news at the end of the year when Tesla decided to open the market in Thailand, however, the main difference is the Chinese camp's strategy to enter the Thai market. KKP Research estimates that although the trend of direct investment in EV production by Chinese companies has improved in the past year, the positive impact on the economy will not be large due to smaller investments and lower value added to EV production in Thailand. As a result, EV sales in Thailand are likely to continue to expand, but the more important question is whether the Thai automotive industry, which is in a critical transition period, will continue to maintain its leading position in the region. How will the entry of the electric vehicle market affect the existing car market and what does Thailand have the ability to attract investment in EV production at a time when the industry has become a target that governments around the world want to push to become the leader of SPONSORED Thailand, how well does Thailand attract EV manufacturers compared to its neighbors? It is estimated that Thailand is becoming less attractive as an EV production base when viewed from the perspective of Tesla, a key player in the global electric vehicle market. There are 3 main factors: 1. Thailand has a relatively small market due to limited domestic purchasing power, with tesla currently able to penetrate the Thai market by only 30,000 units per year, or 4.5% of the Thai car market.2. Imports from Chinese factories are cheaper because they do not have to pay import duties and the chances of breaking even from setting up production facilities in the Thai market are low.3. Changes in the structure of global production There have been attempts by state policies in developed countries to bring more production bases back to their countries of origin. Reshoring has led to less reliance on emerging markets. This does not mean that Thailand has lost the opportunity to be a production base for electric vehicles, because the decision to set up a production base of Chinese carmakers in Thailand is different from Tesla, and gives Thailand the opportunity to attract some Chinese camps. As a result, setting up factories has the opportunity to reach break-even faster and diversify the geopolitical risks between China and the U.S. that may cause business expansion to America and Europe to remain hampered in the future in 2022. Whether the EV situation in China is slowing down due to economic conditions. With Thailand's policy being more supportive than other ASEAN countries, we have seen the entry of Chinese automakers into Thailand in recent years. It is estimated that recent direct investment in the electric vehicle segment has had little positive impact on the economy from 2 key issues: 1. The size of EV investment from China is also very small compared to the size of the economy, and it is also less than the direct investment from Japan to set up a car production base in the past.2. The added value that Thailand generates from EV production is less and more parts need to be imported, which may cause more than half of the added value that Thailand used to generate in the country, while the entry of Tesla's car sales business, although it benefits consumers with a wider range of options, does not have much positive effect on the economy and creates more challenges in the long run for Japanese automakers based in Thailand as a whole. But compared to new competitors like Indonesia. The size of investment from China to Thailand is still considered low. The size of investment from Chinese companies in Indonesia, CATL, the world's number one battery manufacturer alone, amounts to more than half of the total investment value of Thailand's EV industry, and the value of investment in the EV industry in Indonesia in the past is more than twice that of Thailand. In the long run, Chinese and Japanese carmakers will be under greater pressure: - Luxury car market: Luxury car users are likely to switch to EVs 5 times faster than ordinary car users due to the increase in car options in the market with similar price levels to this group of users, and Tesla, which has become another option in the Thai market, will be a major competitor of luxury car camps due to similar prices and more modern technology and software. Used luxury car market The value of luxury car resale is likely to decline from a similar buy-sell price level to the new Tesla car, which has already begun to see some impact in recent times. Tesla has a more prominent and trusted Chinese brand advantage in its image, which tends to push down Chinese EV prices. Japanese Car Camp Japan's slow pace makes it easier for EV companies like Tesla to expand their market and risk losing more market share due to the price levels of hybrid and BEV vehicles that are close to Tesla in the next phase. The issues to be monitored for Thai vehicles are: 1. The price war that pushes EV prices down may be a turning point that accelerates the Thai market to switch to EV faster, 2. The change in battery manufacturing technology that remains highly uncertain, 3. The policy to support neighboring industries that may affect the ability to attract investment in the EV industry. When Tesla and Chinese camps rush to invade ThailandEV Thailand has seen exponential growth in the past year due to government measures supported through tax discounts and subsidies, and has grown faster than many countries in the region. However, in the long run, expanding the EV market to Thailand's major car market is difficult due to the high price of EVs and supply-side factors that determine the speed of the EV market. The global shortage of circuit boards has led to slow EV delivery and, most importantly, a shortage of minerals used in the production of batteries for EV vehicles in the next phase. The issues to follow for Thai vehicles are: 1. The price war that pushes EV prices down could be a turning point that accelerates the Thai market to switch to EVs faster.2. 3. Policies to support neighboring countries' industries that may affect their ability to attract investment in the Thai EV industry.
Because of group B blood, MAKRO is unnamed in the latest MSCI round.|Krungsri Securities reported that MSCI Global Standard has announced the stocks that have been selected for the latest round of indices. Banpu Public Company Limited or BANPU has surprised to be added to the new MSCI index. MSCI Global Small Cap has new shares of Aurora Design Public Company Limited or AURA, Betagro Public Company Limited or BTG, The One Enterprise Public Company Limited or ONEE, Sri Nanaporn Marketing Public Company Limited or SNNP, Thaicom Public Company Limited or THCOM. Ngern Tid Lor Public Company Limited or TIDLOR, TISCO Financial Group Public Company Limited or TISCO, BANPU Banpu Public Company Limited. The weighting will take place on February 28. Siam Makro Public Company Limited or MAKRO shares from the previous market are expected to be included in the MSCI Global Standard Index calculation, but they may be included in the calculation in the next round. It aims to be included in the world's major indices. By Mrs. S. S. A. Chief Executive Officer of Makro Wholesale Business Group, Siam Makro Public Company Limited or MAKRO, revealed that after Makro acquired all of Lotus's business and offered newly issued ordinary shares at the end of 2021, makro shares increased the volume of minority shareholders (free float). For stocks that enter the global index, it will be of interest to institutional investors, especially foreign institutional investors, who use the index as a selection element for stocks to enter the portfolio. High trading liquidity Free floats and market capitalization (market caps) are subject to consideration. Meanwhile, the operating results for the first 9 months of 2022, which totaled 345,444 million baht. It is up 108.1% and in 2023 is expected to see continued growth. With the expansion of branches and the development of online platforms to meet the behavior of consumers in the digital age who want the convenience of ordering products, there has been good feedback. By Makro's wholesale platform and Lotus's retail platform in the channel. E-commerce has seen a large number of subscribers come into use. In addition, it is expected to receive positive factors from the economic outlook and tourism recovery after the opening of the country, which will have a positive impact on HoReCa business (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering) which is Makro's customer base to have better growth opportunities.
Sansiri Knightsbridge partners to deliver new river view condos for sale to international customers|Sansiri Heavy penetration in the international market, receiving demand surges, shaking hands Knightsbridge Partners to sell FLO by Sansiri, a new river view condo, is confident of closing the year to reach the target of 12 billion baht in international sales, said Mrs. Praya Bunnag, Chief Sales and Business Development Officer of International Market. Sansiri Public Company Limited (SIRI) said that Sansiri is the number one property developer in the minds of foreigners with the highest sales. We have gained the confidence of foreign customers for more than 10 years, and we are also the first overseas property sales pioneer in Thailand. We see positive signs from the tourism market that has recovered since the beginning of this year. Tourists around the world travel more after Thailand officially opened its doors. As a result, tourism and consumer goods businesses began to recover, as well as the demand for housing purchases in Thailand by foreigners increased. To be the second alternative housing after the COVID-19 pandemic, we have announced a partnership with Knightsbridge Partners, the country's top agent selling properties to foreigners in Thailand, as the master agent, the main sales agent of FLO by Sansiri, a new river view condo sponsored under the strength of quality projects that can attract foreign demand. The prime river view location, which is a potential location where foreigners can really believe in renting. Sansiri's strong brand Sansiri Service is a worry-free after-sales service for Plus Property, which manages the project from the customer's arrival, including renting and resale, with sales teams and agents, potential through new sales both virtual and live streaming, as well as a good return on investment, suitable for both living and investing, with an average capital gain ratio of about 6% per year or generating an average rental yield of about 5% per year. As a result, foreign customers are interested. From being a project that can be easily purchased, invested, rented. Based on more than 10 years of expertise from Knightsbridge Partners, which has sold more than 10,000 units of real estate projects in various countries, both in Thailand and around the world, we are confident that we will be able to achieve 49% of FLO by Sansiri sales quota in foreign countries. 12,000 million baht. Kingston Lai, Chief Executive Officer of Knightsbridge Partners Co., Ltd., a major Hong Kong-based real estate brokerage, said: "Knightsbridge Partners has been working with Sansiri for a long time. Sell real estate projects to foreign customers for a long time. Today, we are pleased to announce our partnership with Sansiri. As a Master Agent, an exclusive property buying and selling agency for foreigners for the FLO by Sansiri project, which is gaining a lot of attention among international customers due to the brand quality and after-sales service of Sansiri that foreigners accept and believe in. The price that meets the needs as well as the highlights of the location near ICONSIAM and the Chao Phraya River that greatly incentivizes foreign investors. We are also preparing to expand our partnerships with agent partners around the world to support the sale of other projects this year to foreign investors.
"Thai Airways" is ready to be the new DD to follow the recovery plan more than expected.|"Chai Iamsiri", the new Thai Airways DD, revealed that the company's recovery plan has exceeded expectations, announcing that it will remove THAI from the recovery plan before the end of 2024, confident of returning to be the leading airline in Asia. Chief Executive Officer, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited He revealed that after taking office, he aims to lead THAI to grow its business in a sustainable way. The first phase will focus on building confidence in doing business for shareholders and investors. At the same time, it will move forward with the reconstruction plan. In the long term, thai airways will return to be the national airline and the leading airline in Asia and the world out of the early recovery plan. Thai Airways has now completed approximately 70% of its recovery plan and is currently considering a new loan demand of 25 billion baht. Thai Airways would like to wait to see the outlook for 2023 results first, and there is a possibility that THAI may need less loans of more than 25 billion baht or may not need to borrow more at all. The conversion of debt into capital and the allocation and offering of newly issued ordinary shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings. THE PROJECT WILL BE COMPLETED WITHIN THIS YEAR AS PLANNED IF THAI AIRWAYS' PROFIT BEFORE TAX AND DEPRECIATION (EBITDA) EXCEEDS 20 BILLION BAHT. In the past 12 months, THAI will be able to apply to the court to consider leaving the recovery plan. In 2022, THAI is confident that it will have EBITDA exceeding 20,000 million baht and believes that it will be able to leave the recovery plan early and return to buying and selling securities in the Stock Exchange of Thailand ahead of the schedule announced in the plan to be able to exit the recovery plan at the end of 2024 and return to the market in early 2025. Thai Airways has a fleet of 41 aircraft per flight, but now the aviation industry is recovering, the number of passengers traveling is increasing, so the idea is to bring 8 aircraft awaiting sale, namely Airbus 330 and Boeing 777-200er, a total of 8 aircraft to improve its service, while this year waiting for the delivery of 6 Airbus 350 aircraft, and 3 more wide-body aircraft waiting to be negotiated into the fleet. The number of returning passengers continues to grow, and thai airways is now returning to operate more than 65% of all routes. Compared to before the crisis in 2019, the average cabin factor was 80%. Thai Airways plans to gradually increase the frequency of flights and operating points on Asian routes such as China from 5 cities to 8 cities, Japan to increase the frequency of flights, and Europe in high-popularity cities. However, it is expected that THAI will resume 80% of its operations in 2025, not having to sell its assets, Mr. Chai said. Compared to 2021, thai airways has only 6,000 million baht of liquidity in hand. Confirm that THAI has no need to sell real estate. Thai Airways' existing office buildings are now both domestic and foreign. Land, Building, Head Office Thai Airways International and Thai Airways Kitchen Office Building, Don Mueang, totaling more than 12,000 million baht. The foreign real estate segment consists of sales offices and houses. London, Indonesia, Hong Kong with a total value of billions of baht.
AIS announces 2022 profit surpasses 26 billion baht 30 billion investment budget to expand the network in all dimensions|Mr. Somchai Lertsuttiwong Chief Executive Officer of Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited (AIS) revealed that AIS' 2022 financial results totaled 185,485 million baht. Growth of 2.3% year-on-year and net profit of Baht 26,011 million The decrease was slightly 3.4% year-on-year, mainly due to cost challenges from energy prices and inflation. As a result, AIS has EBITDA of 89,731 million baht. EBITDA margin was strong at 48% and dividend payment from the second half of 2018 was 4.24 baht per share. In summary, the operating results are divided by business group. In 2022, more than 1.9 million subscribers increased due to superior quality and service delivery. Today, AIS has transcended competition with market prices. With the aim of creating the best digital experience for customers, the total number of mobile phone customers is 46 million, still the no. 1 market share, especially for monthly subscribers, who can continue to grow strongly both in terms of revenue and service users. In 2021, with the development of quality services on 5G networks, the network will be expanded to cover 85% of the country's population area and more than 99.95% in Bangkok's high-speed internet business. AIS Fiber saw revenue growth of over 19% in 2022, surpassing industry growth with more than 390,000 customers, bringing the total number of customers to 2.2 million. Occupying a market share of 16% with a commitment to enhancing the home net market by constantly setting a competitive standard. Both quality technologies such as service opening. Fixed Wireless Access (FWA)SPONSORED" amidst the challenges of business operations throughout 2022, including strong market competition, high inflation that affects energy costs and consumer purchasing power, as well as a slowing global economy. However, with a clear goal, we are still performing satisfactorily. This year, AIS continues to invest in quality by preparing an investment budget of 27,000-30,000 million baht to achieve the goal of Cognitive Tech-Co or becoming a smart telecommunications service provider. Increase network capability to be intelligent through the use of AI, data analytic at a high level in accordance with global network standards in order to connect work with all sectors, including the public sector. Private & Public We are ready to support mutual growth and upgrade the economy from foundations to digital economy for the country to continue.
China opens up country, pushes hotel sector to bustle, wins range Feb. hit a record high. The dreaded labor is not enough to support it.|The January 2023 Hotel Confidence Index report showed an average increase of 64% in occupancy this month from the previous month and the previous year. The number of foreign tourists continues to increase. This is partly due to China's reopening policy for the first quarter (January-March) this year. More than half of operators expect more Chinese group tours to start arriving from February onwards. The majority of tourists and business travelers, despite the increase in tourists, pushed the hospitality sector to a surge. More than 66% of entrepreneurs still face labor shortages in almost all departments, especially hotel businesses in the South, which have gradually reopened, with more than 30% of operators still seeing the problem affect the quality of service and the number of customers they can support. There are also considerations for flights that have not yet returned to normal. ROOM AND TOURIST ATTRACTIONS ARE NOT BEING UPDATED, AND THE RESUMPTION OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC MAY AFFECT THE SUPPORT OF TOURISTS. Control electricity bills Energy and raw materials, as well as tax relief measures. In the field of financial measures This includes extending moratoriums and interest payments, or easing credit restrictions for businesses that have lost during COVID-19, as well as allocating friendly visa rules to attract foreign tourists this year.
Krungsri Consumer reveals surge in credit card usage in travel category Closed 2022 with 17% growth|Krungsri Consumer revealed its 2022 financial results with card spending of 333 billion baht, up 17%, especially in the airline travel category, which grew by 329%. Krungsri Consumer said that in 2022, Krungsri Consumer's earnings grew satisfactorily, exceeding the targets set due to the covid-19 situation. This includes the success of adjusting the company's marketing strategy to respond to changing market conditions with card spending of 333 billion baht. 17% growth in new loans of 87,000 million baht 13% year-on-year growth The non-performing loan ratio or NPL was good and decreased compared to 2021 at 1% for credit cards and 2.5% for personal loans and installment loans, which is lower than the business average based on Krungsri Consumer Group's credit card spending data in 2022. Airlines increased 329%2. Travel agents increased 186%3. Beauty salons increased 93%4. Car rentals increased 81%5. Hotels increased 81%6. Food and beverage outlets increased 66%SPONSORED. It shows that spending in the category is related to tourism and consumption. However, Krungsri Consumer expects that the economy in the first quarter of this year will continue to grow due to supporting factors such as tourism and private consumption, as well as the government's economic stimulus policies. During the New Year to Chinese New Year in January, the company saw card spending grow more than the same period last year. Krungsri Consumer is therefore preparing to organize special promotions such as eat, shop, and travel to continuously increase card spending, and we aim for 350,000 million baht of card spending and 97,000 million baht of new loans. By 2023
Bitcoin slips $22,000 amid concerns Kraken trading board will hit THE U.S. SEC PLAYS A JOB|Bitcoin price movement fell sharply in the early morning hours of today (February 10, 2023) to below USD 22,000 per coin to USD 21,700.03 per coin. Hit a low in February. After earlier, on February 2, 2023, Bitcoin rose to a high of US$24,262.18 per coin for factors that pressured bitcoin prices to fall. The U.S. has ordered fines on Payward Ventures, Inc. and Payward Trading Ltd., both of which are commonly known as Kraken, digital asset exchanges, for not registering a digital asset offering service called Stasing, a service that allows investors to deposit digital assets for an annual return on investment advertised as much as 21% to pay the U.S. SEC. fines. The U.S. SEC has said staking services, lending or other means. When offering investment contracts in exchange for tokens with investors, it is necessary to provide appropriate disclosure and protection in accordance with securities laws. Moreover, today's action will make it clear to the market that stake-as-a-service providers must register and provide complete, fair and truthful disclosure, and investor protection.
Geopolitical issues accelerate polarization of the world How businesses adapt|Dr. Thitima Scb Economic Intelligence Center (EIC), the author, had the opportunity to participate in a panel discussion on "Geopolitics: The Big Challenges: A Polarized World, a Game-Changing Business" with this expert and listened to the views of the U.S. Ambassador. Thai public and private sector executives would like to share some highlights with their column fans to keep up with the situation together, the Russo-Ukrainian War was a major turning point. This exacerbates the geopolitical problem. Accelerating global economic decoupling Although geopolitical issues have long existed in many countries, such as the South China Sea dispute, North Korea, South Korea, Iran, the U.S., the U.S.-China trade war and technology, the russian invasion of Ukraine has caused the U.S. and its allies to announce economic sanctions against Russia and raise them. This caused further polarization, even in Russia. vs Ukraine can stop fighting, but geopolitical risks accelerating polarization will remain for a long time. If the world is limited decoupling, only goods that affect national security, such as advanced semiconductors (chips), the impact on the global economy will not be large compared to the case of the world still growing with globalization. If the world is polarized, the alley is divided. Polarize the U.S. vs. China polarize clearly every international trade and investment transaction. THE WORLD WILL BE VERY DISADVANTAGED, MANY PEOPLE THINK THAT THE CHANCES OF SEEING THE WORLD POLARIZED ARE NOT MANY. No country wants to be in a different place, but let's not forget that the era of globalization is counterproductive. The old logic may no longer be used. A strategy that just sees him hurt more than it does now could lead the world to a new, worse equilibrium. Each country loses the benefits of not being able to move resources between each other. Regardless of the decline in labor, capital, technology, and international cooperation in the case of limited decoupling, the net impact on Thailand and ASEAN could be positive. Thailand and many ASEAN countries are now adopting a befriending strategy that benefits all countries. If the world is not seriously polarized, it will still be neutral. Thailand will benefit from the polarization of more production bases to the ASEAN region. Exports of goods replace conflicting polar markets, and imports of some goods at world prices may be lower because global demand from bipolar markets disappears. While Thailand will lose the benefits of domestic products being used by Chinese products to compete in the domestic market, and Thai exports as raw materials for China to produce exports, the other market may be less, businesses around the world are planning to move supply chains closer together. The IMF has found that the number of companies in the world looking at strategies to move their production bases closer to 2022 will increase 7-8 times in order to balance supply chain efficiency and flexibility. This moment is an opportunity for Thai businesses to get out of the comfort zone, adapting to the defensive game to keep up with the world. By managing the risk of production processes, developing products using technology to help understand consumer behavior in the fast-changing global market and penetrate new markets that have not yet chosen polarity, as well as preparing to adjust business models to embrace digital trends and save the planet. Prepare people and deploy new technologies Attacking at a time when Thailand can still use a strategy to befriend all poles.
Thai stocks today, February 10, 2023, ended the afternoon stock market down 4.60 points, the index was at 1,664 points.|Thai Stocks Today On February 10, 2023, the index fell 4.60 points, or 0.28%, to 1,664.57, the lowest index was at 1,660.10 points, the highest index was at 1,668.97 points, and the turnover was 58,927.56 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Banpu Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
AMATA joins hands with B.Grimm Power MOU to develop Smart City zone for European tech capital group Relocate to Thailand|Mr. Vikram Kromdit The Chief Executive Officer of AMATA Corporation Public Company Limited (AMATA) revealed that AMATA has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with B.Grimm Power to jointly develop the "AMATA European Smart City" project in Amata City Chonburi on an area of 200 rai, supporting investment in advanced technology industries from European business groups from AMATA as the largest private industrial city developer in Thailand. Therefore, this cooperation will increase the potential of Amata Smart City development by currently zoning areas to accommodate investment groups consisting of Japan, China, Korea and Taiwan. Investors are not only looking for cooperation in Thailand, but also looking for opportunities to expand cooperation in projects located in CLMVT countries with strong economic growth prospects, with Thailand being one of the investment target countries with good benefits and infrastructure. Therefore, it has the potential to be the center of ASEAN," mr. Vikrom said, while B.Grimm Power's role in this collaboration will support the development of infrastructure and energy innovation. By promoting the use of renewable energy. Increase clean energy storage to enhance business competitiveness for customers in industrial estates. Amata European Smart City, which will help build confidence among foreign investors. However, the cooperation will be effective for a period of 2 years or ending on 9 February 2025. The target industries to invest in the prepared area of 200 rai, as well as looking at potential industrial clusters, will play an important role in attracting more foreign direct investment (FDI) to Thailand.
Hoping to be one of Asia's top 5 exporters|Mr. Phusit Rattanakul Serirengrit Director-General, Department of International Trade Promotion Under the vision of working in the next 5 years or by 70 years, the Department aims to push Thailand to be one of the top five countries with competitiveness in trade between Asia. At present, the International Institute for Management Development (IMD), Switzerland, ranks Thailand 8th in Asia and 9th in terms of Asian export value. In 2022, IMD ranked international trade competition. Thailand ranks 8th in terms of export value, Thailand ranks 9th in Asia. In the world, Thailand has the 26th largest share of the international trade market for Thai exports in 2023. The company has set a target of 1-2% growth from 2022 to USD 289,937-292,808 million or THB 10-10.1 trillion for export drive plans to be implemented throughout the year.66 There are 195 plans and 450 sub-activities. Under the budget of 1,800 million baht In addition, the Department is preparing to expand potential markets such as the Middle East. Aims to increase export value by 20%, South Asia China 10% increase from 10% last year Negative 7%, CLMV added 15%, while major markets such as the US, Europe and Japan retained their markets. More exports, such as Nordic markets such as Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Central Asian markets. It will try to build understanding of exporters before pushing exports further. Online commerce will drive the increase in the number of TOPTHAI stores on leading online platforms such as Amazon Global Selling Thailand (US), eBay (US Australia), Lazada (Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam), AbouThai (Hong Kong, China) and Pinkoi (Taiwan). Korea, Japan) After currently having stores on 7 platforms covering 9 countries, including Amazon (U.S.), Tmall. Alibaba Group (China), Bigbasket (India), Klangthai (Cambodia), Blibli (Indonesia), PChome (Taiwan) and Shopee (Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines) Currently, there are more than 200 brands participating in the store.
Push until you get it! The family "Anusha" gives the village fund a 3-year flower-free loan.|"Anucha" abandoned the chicken tuan, pushing the new project "Kho Lan Family" for the bank to lend to the village and urban fund so that members can borrow not more than 50 thousand baht per household. 3-year interest-free to buy 2 cows, 1-year breeding pointer, 3-year calf yield, 6-cow breeding, bragged to generate more than 150,000 baht per year, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense During the opening ceremony of "Stepping into the 3rd Decade, The Village and Urban Fund", organized by the National Housing and Urban Development Fund (NESDB), which brought more than 4,000 members nationwide to share the success of the fund's operations over the past 20 years, the implementation of the Village and Urban Fund plays an important role in strengthening the community economy, which is the cornerstone of the country's development. People in the community can become more self-reliant and more stable. Confirm that the government will help drive and support the fund's activities through the allocation of budget for the implementation of projects in accordance with the foundational economy approach. Build a stable nation and encourage the Fund to move forward towards strength. Adjust the way of thinking. Change the way you keep up with the rapidly changing world. THE GOVERNMENT IS READY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT TOOLS FOR ALL BROTHERS AND SISTERS TO LIVE WELL, HAVE A STABLE CAREER, AND ENJOY SUSTAINABLE HAPPINESS. Nakasai The Minister of the Prime Minister's Office, who oversees the National Housing and Urban Development Fund, said today that the government continues to focus on solving the problems of the fund members as the number 1 priority, so it has created a family cattle program to create jobs for the fund members. 2 cows/household not exceeding 50,000 baht, interest-free for 3 years, which the cow takes 1 year to produce calves. It is estimated that within a period of not more than 3 years, an average of 6 cattle can be bred, generating more than 150,000 baht per year. If raised well in 6 years, it may generate millions of dollars for members. Do it. It really does. Mr. Anucha said that in order to drive the foundation economy sustainably, the importance must be given to the agricultural sector because it is an important cog in driving the country's basic economy because the majority of the country's people are farmers, which is the main purchasing power of the country. This group of people must be encouraged, supported and guided in the right way to pursue a career, which will result in a strong foundation economy leading to stable nation-building. At the same time, ready members must adapt to doing business in the digital age. In order to help expand trade opportunities to generate income into the fund sustainably, the reporter added that the Kho Lan Family Project was born from the dream of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin. The Minister of Justice was the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives in 2003 or 20 years ago who wanted to do the "Million Cows" project but failed to do it and no government would do it. "Green Isan Cattle" that used to cause farmers problems from 1989-1991 due to lack of experience in raising until they let the cows be skinny and unable to bear their offspring until they were colloquially called "plastic cattle". However, in this government, Mr. Somsak is the leader of the Sammitr Group within the Pracharat Party to which Mr. Anucha is affiliated. Therefore, the project was pushed through Mr. Anucha to do this project through the Village Fund instead.
MQDC transforms real estate with innovation, molding The Forestias into the metaverse world, entering a trillion-dollar market.|Magnolia Quality Development Corporation Limited (MQDC) has launched the new MQDC Idyllias, a new metaverse that connects real estate between the real and virtual worlds. Aiming to develop the first area with "The Forestias", MQDC's mixed-use real estate project Bangna-Trad, which is currently under development, is scheduled to be fully operational in 2024. MQDC Chief Executive Officer Said MQDC Idyllias is a metaverse project developed by MQDC subsidiary Metaverse Corporation Limited under the concept of "Metta-verse". Kindness and desire to see others happy. Reflecting on what it means to be a peaceful and beautiful place to develop this project, MQDC stated that it is not just a real estate developer, but a leader in the advancement of technology. Innovation to raise the standard of living of all life and society in all dimensions. With expertise in real estate development. MQDC's expertise in creating entertainment content will make MQDC a different metaverse developer. It is also an innovative extension of MQDC to lead the organization towards becoming a real estate company that aims to create sustainable innovation. Penpayap MQDC Idyllias Metaverse Project Director Said: "The Idyllias brand is not just for selling virtual real estate projects, but a virtual world where users can experience happiness from seamless connection with the real world. What we develop and then constrain the real world will be developed to be able to actually happen in the virtual world. This is more than just a real estate development or a virtual reality property builder," SPONSOREDMQDC said. Started developing metaverse projects from 2021 in 2022 and announced The partnership with Accenture, a leading global business development company, to develop metaverse projects for MQDC is an important step forward for MQDC's expansion into new businesses. MQDC Idyllias is an extension of the real estate business, developed under the concept of Internet of Place, a center for providing services, experiences and delivering lifestyle in the real world, virtual world. MQDC expects to create value for entertainment, real estate, and health and commercial businesses, opening up new economic opportunities through the delivery of new experiences to real estate project customers and users of both the real and virtual worlds. Virtual Real-Estate Business 33.6 Trillion2. Smart Living Business 11 Trillion Baht 3. Health & Wellness Business 6.3 Trillion4. Direct-to-avatar-commerce business 1.8 trillion baht 5. Gamification Business 2.3 trillion Baht 6. Immersive Learning Business 14.4 trillion Baht
WHA is generating substantial revenue. From the world's largest businesses to sustainability | Global climate change is beginning to intensify. This makes all sectors of society pay attention to sustainability, especially in the business sector. The amount of money invested in the business to move in this direction is increasingly high, so it is an opportunity for those who see and are ready to grow. Chairman of the Board of Directors and Group Chief Executive Officer of WHA Corporation Public Company Limited He revealed that every time he talks about sustainable business or ESG, many people see it as an expenditure, an investment, and an additional amount of money. It creates a high cost, but in reality We can also grow and find business opportunities. "The business sector likes to think that doing business for sustainability is an expense, it has to be invested, but in reality it may not be WHA. What WHA sees is global business. Many companies have shifted their focus to sustainability. So when they choose where to invest. What is also used to make decisions is whether it will help promote the business to be sustainable as well. Therefore, if we are ready, we will be able to compete for this money.  At the same time, WHA's customer base is a global business. These companies want to change their business model or use eco-friendly services and are ready to invest immediately. So if we have a supply chain that supports them, we're going to help them benefit. This gives customers who invest in WHA an advantage in sustainability.  An example of WHA's project is the transportation vehicle project, which provides services in WHA's estates, including EV vehicles, trucks, tow trucks, which will be one of the key supply chains, helping customers in our estates to use environmentally sustainable services immediately. WHA aims to have more than 10,000 electric vehicles to serve the estate within 3 years. Energy & Utilities & Digital Technology Focus on sustainable growth and environmental protection WHA has achieved its carbon neutrality target since 2021 and is committed to net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
Covid insurance claims skyrocketed|Mr. Kritsada Gina criticized. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance As the Insurance Commission (OIC Board) It revealed that it had instructed the OIC to expedite the provision of financial resources to help increase liquidity for the non-life insurance fund. At the same time, the Non-Life Insurance Fund has accelerated the creation of a system for paying COVID insurance claims "meet, pay, finish" more quickly. For insurance companies whose licenses have been revoked, it has now paid 5,000 of the more than 10,000 claims for delays due to the lack of personnel to take care of the matter. Therefore, it is expedited to do so by hiring skilled private individuals with insurance claim payment systems to help make insurance claims payments faster. Currently, 300 customers can be paid per month if the system is adjusted and added. It is expected to help increase claims payments to 10,000 per month, Mr. Kritsada said, adding that the non-life insurance fund currently has a capital fund of about 6,000-7,000 million baht. At the moment, it is still enough to pay covid insurance claims because it is a gradual payment, but in the future, you have to increase the money in the fund because it is not enough to pay covid insurance claims because there are many claimants, amounting to tens of billions of baht. The method of increasing the fund has been assigned to the OIC to expedite the process, which may be the nature of borrowing money from the OIC. The reporter added that for the four insurers whose non-life insurance business licenses have been revoked, namely Asia Insurance 1950, The One Insurance Co., Ltd., Thai Insurance Co., Ltd., and Southeast Insurance Co., Ltd., the non-life insurance fund has been appointed as the liquidator of the four non-life insurance companies, as well as seeking money to pay creditors or the insured. After opening the application for creditors of the 4 non-life insurance companies to submit applications for debt repayment, which closed on July 15, 2022, it appears that 700,000 creditors have filed a petition, amounting to approximately 65,000 million baht. MEANWHILE, THE FUND HAS ACCUMULATED ABOUT 3,000 MILLION BAHT AND HAS AN INCOME AFTER DEDUCTING EXPENSES OF 600 MILLION BAHT PER YEAR, SO I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO FIND THE MONEY TO PAY.
Indra Logistics grew by 15% in 2023, introducing warehouse management technology to reduce costs.|Thai Warehouse Management Association Intralogistics is expected to grow by 15% in 2022, suggesting that technology be used to organize warehouses to help entrepreneurs save costs, Mr. Amnat Prabsuk, secretary-general of the Thai Warehouse Management Association, said that in 2022, intralogistics systems will be worth 6,000-8,000 million baht. However, in 2023, the economy began to recover and the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) project began to return to additional investment, making intralogistics grow by 10-15% or a total value of about 8,000 million baht. Because Thailand has both small and medium-sized enterprises, which account for more than large enterprises, and is the main target group that we will go in to develop knowledge and ability for entrepreneurs to adjust standards and raise to international standards for LogiMAT Whether it is building your own warehouse or using external warehouse services, it also helps entrepreneurs to access industry trends that require stocking as well. Whether it is medium or large industries such as food, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and automotive, to help reduce costs. REDUCE ERRORS IN STORAGE AND TRANSPORTATION OF GOODS WITH SPONSORED MR. PHUSIT SASITHARANON Managing Director, Expoling Global Network Intelligent Warehouse 2023 will be held from October 25-27, 2023 at IMPACT. Muang Thong Thani Hall 5-6 We will double the event space to accommodate entrepreneurs. More than 100 brands in various industries, including the Orange Forum, discussed trends and key trends of Indra Logistics, and the Blue Forum discussed intralogistics solutions. Solve business problems in depth and be more unique in each industry, including the introduction of product demonstration zones. Give visitors a simpler overview of warehouse management, as well as procedures and processes that help them understand how they work. "This year, we expect more than 6,000 exhibitors to attend the event, including exhibitors from Germany, China, South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, India, Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam." Especially in the food industry, cold chains solutions are being talked about more than ever, as they help control transportation costs, and also help shelf life or shelf life to last longer. In large factories, automation systems have been introduced, starting from storage. "Thailand is an important landmark for us, as Thailand is a remarkable ASEAN transportation and logistics hub, so we chose Thailand for the event, which has been well received by relevant industry groups." sponsoredmr. Bernhard Mueller, Vice President, Landesmesse Stuttgart GmbH. It is thought that if there is good management of the warehouse system and logistics, it can reduce such costs as well. In Germany, the cost of this part can be controlled to about 4%, while Thailand itself has such costs at 10%. In addition, the country's infrastructure standards play an important role in the land transportation system. However, we see Southeast Asia as a region with outstanding and continuously growing logistics industry, especially in ASEAN countries. At the same time, the market leaders in the intra-logistics industry are the U.S., Germany and China. Other ASEAN countries It has become increasingly important as a manufacturer, buyer and distributor, and asean is considered to be a rapidly growing GDP. As a result, these countries are investing more. CHANGES IN SUPPLY CHAIN SYSTEMS AND INTRA LOGISTICS TRENDS WILL MAKE THE ASEAN MARKET AN IMPORTANT MARKET AND ANOTHER MARKET FOR THE GLOBAL INTRA LOGISTICS INDUSTRY.
Rule out scanning the transfer page frequently - a lot of money. Arrange a commercial bank row against horse accounts.|Ms. Sirithida Phanomwan Na Ayutthaya, Assistant Governor Payment Systems Policy and Financial Technology Group The Bank of Thailand (BOT) talks about taking care of the people in the Online theft that now The BOT and financial institutions are in the process of making arrangements to exchange fraud and horse account information between them. It is expected to be operational after the draft decree on technological crime prevention and suppression measures. The bill is in force. Require financial institutions and business operators to exchange information about accounts and transactions of suspected customers. Without violating the Personal Data Protection Act or PDPA. The BOT also has additional safeguards in place by allowing the Bank to increase the verification process. Biometric comparison (using biometric authentication such as face scanning, fingerprint scanning, or iris scanning) via mobile banking when meeting specified conditions such as large transfers, both amounts and frequencies, as well as increasing the daily limit according to the behavior or risk level of the Bank's customers, as well as having adequate hotlines 24 hours a day for customers to report scams directly.
The library of cards for the new generation of poor people has been delayed. Boi Krung Thai Bank does not send information.|Mr. Santi Phrompat, Deputy Finance Minister, as Chairman of the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society Krungthai Bank has not yet announced the list of qualified candidates for the 2022 State Welfare Program or the Poor People's Card as Krungthai Bank has not yet submitted the list to the Ministry of Finance. Originally, the list of qualified candidates must be announced within a month. "I also don't understand why I didn't finish considering the information and didn't send the information to the Ministry of Finance to announce the list, despite the Ministry of Finance having previously announced that it will be announced at the end of January 2023, so I have to ask Krungthai Bank why it didn't send the information. At the end of January 2023, there were inquiries about the delay in the announcement of the list of qualified candidates for state welfare, but there was no clear answer, and it was noted that the delay may be due to the period of election preparation that political parties want to campaign. Read related newssponsored
Accelerating the "ASEAN-China" FTA next year|Ms. Chotima Iamsawasdikul Deputy Director-General, Department of International Trade Negotiations Revealed that recently He became chairman of ASEAN. Attend the ASEAN-China Free Trade Agreement Steering Committee Meeting The 3rd Special Session to discuss the commencement of negotiations to modernize the ASEAN-China Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in line with the current business environment and to meet the challenges facing the world. ASEAN and China conclude on negotiation roadmap Meeting Methodology The agreement aims to complete the negotiations by 2024, which will help expand the trade value of both parties through the use of benefits under the agreement, as well as strengthening economic cooperation. Strengthen trade and investment between each other. For the original ACFTA agreement It has been in force for trade in goods, trade in services and investment since 2005, 2007 and 2010, respectively. "The meeting set up several sub-working groups to discuss details on issues such as opening up additional markets and cooperation in new fields such as digital economy, green economy, supply chain links, MSME enterprises, trade competition and consumer protection. The next meeting will be held in Thailand this month. In the first three quarters of 2022, trade between them amounted to USD 530,327 million, an increase of 9.68% compared to the same period in 2021, with ASEAN exporting USD 210,928 million and ASEAN importing USD 319,399 million.
Unannounced State Welfare Card Qualified Poor People's Card Reveal the delay.|The Ministry of Finance has not yet announced. The 2022 State Welfare Card, 2 poor people's cards, revealed the delay, Krungthai Bank has not yet submitted its name to be announced on February 13, 2023, the reporter reported. The new state welfare card or poor card is scheduled to be announced through the website by January 2023. Those who do not qualify will not be eligible, but can file an appeal. The Ministry of Finance has not yet announced the results of the qualification check. "Since the 2022 State Welfare Registration Program (PROJECT) eligibility verification information requires audits from several rights checking units in order to ensure accuracy, completeness and completeness, the announcement of the results of the 2022 project eligibility check will be postponed. Krungthai Bank revealed that it is currently unable to announce the list of qualified candidates for the State Welfare Program 2022 or the Poor People's Card because Krungthai Bank has not yet submitted the list to the Ministry of Finance. Therefore, I have to ask Krungthai Bank why I did not send the information because every time I asked, the staff only replied that Krungthai had not sent the information to me." Mr. Santi added that at the last meeting of the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society, At the end of January 2023, Asked about the delay in announcing the list of qualified candidates, but no definitive answer was given, and it was noted that the delay may have been due to the election preparations that political parties wanted to campaign for. IF THERE IS ANY CLARIFICATION FROM KRUNGTHAI BANK, WE WILL REPORT IT FURTHER.SPONSORED Read related news
Fast track in 6 months "Anwar" fitdan joint investment "Thai-Malay"|"Prime Minister Anwar" pushes for Thai-Malaysian joint investment cooperation Under the fast track system, the 3 EV-energy-digital industries will see results in 6 months, aiming to create a joint special economic zone for two countries. Kiang Krai pointed out that the two countries have joined forces to create a large trading market. Prime Minister of Malaysia Speaking on the topic of "The Future of ASEAN" at the Malaysian-Thai Chamber of Commerce (MTCC) on the occasion of his official visit to Thailand from February 9-10, he also answered questions from representatives of businessmen, the private sector and the media about Malaysia-Thailand economic cooperation. In 3 industries, namely electric vehicle (EV) industry, energy industry and digital industry"Discussed with the Prime Minister of Thailand that we no longer have to do MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) but to act at all, this joint venture will be effective in the next 6 months, both countries are ready to expedite the implementation of urgent cooperation in a fast track way to solve obstacles and build cooperation as soon as possible." Prime Minister Prayuth has expressed his intention to take action on this issue by creating a trade climate and a good understanding of the peoples of both countries by focusing on the development of the weakest points in the area, as well as discussing with Gen Prayuth to jointly reconsider the Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand Trilateral Economic Zone (IMT-GT) project. He also expressed disagreement on the issue of violence in Myanmar, saying ASEAN member states should reach a consensus and sent a message to the Burmese government that in this day and age should not pursue discriminatory policies and use violence against people. And conflict and cruelty against ethnic minorities in Myanmar. "In this regard, ASEAN must be able to clean its own homes before countries outside the region step in to deal with the atrocities committed by the Burmese junta against its own people because we do not want outsiders such as the U.S. and Europe to tell us what to do. We must be brave enough to solve this problem." The chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries said Thailand and Malaysia are neighbors if they work together to create a large trading market. The ASEAN market is considered very important to have a strong ASEAN market in the face of the current geopolitical uncertainty between the U.S. and China. It's not. Malaysia is considered an important neighbour to Thailand. It has the highest trade value in ASEAN. In the future, it is possible to develop cooperation in many other industries. As well as increasing trade cooperation between the two countries. There's still a lot more to cross-border trade. The Malaysian prime minister stressed that the trade climate must be created and the problem of border tensions must be addressed.
Financial Institutions Prepare to exchange corrupt information between each other, hoping to extract horse accounts.|The BOT and financial institutions are prepared to exchange fraud and horse account information between each other. Increase the identity verification process with Biometric Comparison to extract the account of Ms. Sirithida Phanomwan Na Ayutthaya, Assistant Governor Payment Systems Policy and Financial Technology Group The Bank of Thailand (BOT) said it and financial institutions are in the process of preparing to allow the exchange of fraud and horse accounts between them. It is expected to be able to commence operations after the drafting of the Decree on Prevention and Suppression of Technological Crimes. The bill is in force. Require financial institutions and business operators to exchange information about accounts and transactions of suspected customers. Without violating the Personal Data Protection Act. The Bank will also increase the biometric comparison verification process on mobile banking when meeting certain conditions, such as large amounts of money transfers, both amounts and frequency, as well as increasing the daily limit according to the behavior or risk level of the Bank's customers, as well as providing adequate hotlines 24 hours a day for customers to report scams directly. Police and financial institutions are constantly tightening their detects and clearances of horse accounts.
The oldest bank in Brazil Add new options Allow people to pay taxes with crypto |On Feb. 11, Banco do Brasil, one of Brazil's oldest major financial institutions, announced that it had opened its doors. Announced new options to allow people to pay taxes with cryptocurrencies. In partnership with Bitfy, a Brazilian crypto company, a supplier of blockchain technology for Bitfy, it operates a business that is committed to linking the use of cryptocurrencies in the real world. Banco do Brasil will be a supplier of blockchain technology and will be responsible for the preservation of digital assets for Banco do Brasil Bank. Brazilian citizens who have already kept crypto with Bitfy can choose a cryptocurrency to pay taxes by scanning a QR Code just like they do to pay for other everyday items and then confirm the transaction via the Bitfy app immediately. The tax report details the actual amount in denomination. 'Real', the official currency of Brazil Banco do Brasil's statement further stated that in addition to the convenience that customers receive, it also expands the use and access to the digital asset ecosystem throughout the country. Banco do Brasil is a prominent cryptocurrency trendsetter, becoming Brazil's first state-owned bank to launch a Crypto ETF to be traded on the SET in 2021. Bitfy's founder and chief executive officer said: "The digital economy will be a catalyst for future advantages." After the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. In December, Brazil passed a regulatory framework that legally allowed crypto to be used as an intermediary to pay for goods and services within the country. Expected to take effect in June this year, quote cointelegraph, news.bitcoin, crunchbase.
U.S. SEC cuts aorta, Binance orders Paxos, the man behind BUSD coins, to stop issuing stablecoins|The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), a government agency that oversees financial products and services in New York City. The order for Paxos, the issuing company of Stablecoin, to cancel the issuance of BUSD tokens to Binance, the provider of digital asset exchanges. The U.S. issued a notice to Paxos to inform them of the implementation of regulations alleging that BUSD, which is tied to the dollar, is a duly unregistered securities. After the US SEC declared that the Staking service violated securities laws last week, Kraken had to stop depositing digital assets to receive all returns. While Coinbase was fighting claiming that the staking service was not a securities this morning (Feb. 13, 2023), the price of the BUSD coin slipped peg $1, which pinned the token value to the securities. However, the definition of securities in the digital asset market has been a subject of debate since 2020, when the U.S. SEC filed a lawsuit against Ripple Labs, alleging that the sale of Ripple's XRP tokens violated U.S. securities laws.
More than 200,000 Thais are expected to visit Taiwan in 2023. Join hands with KTC to open a secret place to visit|Taiwan Tourism KTC has launched The Challenge of Unseen Taiwan campaign, a new type of tourism in 4 dimensions, including festivals, health and environmental activities. On February 13, 2023, Miss Cindy Chen, Taiwan Tourism Director. After Taiwan officially opened to tourists in October 2022, more than 50,000 Thai tourists have traveled to Taiwan, one of the reasons being the 14-day visa-free policy for Thai tourists. There is no need to submit a vaccine passport or any other documents. When Taiwan is ready to receive tourists, the Challenge of Unseen Taiwan campaign introduces new types of tourism in 4 dimensions: 1.Unseen Festival: Taiwan Lantern Festival – All Around Taiwan, 2.Unseen LOHAS (Lifestyles of Health and Sustainability): Cycling in Taiwan, 3.Unseen Food: Michelin in Every Part of Taiwan, and 4.Unseen Culture: Discover Temple Tour. Chiayi, Tainan, and Pingtung are the hallmarks of the South in Sloe Life. The weather is clear, and the culture still has a touch of Japan. Each city has its own natural attractions. There are many activities for tourists to experience. Nowadays, travel is more convenient. Thai travelers can choose to travel by China Airlines or Thai Smile to fly directly from Bangkok to Kaohsiung. Anand Chotipatch, chief travel officer of KTC World Travel Service at Krungthai Card Public Company Limited or KTC, said that since Taiwan opened its doors, the country has been in a state of chaos. The number of members who spend via KTC credit card in our partner airlines. Travel to Taiwan in 4Q22 increased by 118%, resulting in a 70% growth in card spending at the alliance compared to the quarter. 3/65 (before opening to tourists) In addition, card spending in Taiwan in the past 3 months has grown by 14% compared to the same period before covid, indicating that Thais still prefer to travel to Taiwan. 6 airline partners including China Airlines, Eva Air, Starlux, Thai Smile, Lion Air and VietJet, as well as leading tour operators, launched a special campaign Unseen Taiwan from February 15 to August 15, 2023.
One Bangkok reaffirms the concept of Evolving Bangkok, bringing Bangkok to the world's leading metropolis.|One Bangkok reaffirms the concept of Evolving Bangkok, bringing Bangkok to the world's leading metropolis. Expected launch in Q1/2024 Mr. Panat Siriwattanapakdee Frasers Property Limited's Group Chief Executive Officer said Rama IV Road is an important commercial district. It has a long history and culture, as well as economic potential. For this reason, the company has come to develop several real estate projects on Rama 4 Road. Mitrtown Silom Age, The Park FYI Center, as well as the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center for One Bangkok project, developed by TCC Assets (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and Frasers Property Holdings (Thailand), will be an important piece of the puzzle that complements Rama 4 as a perfect economic strategic point and helps drive Bangkok to become an international commercial hub. One Bangkok was developed to drive Evolving Bangkok to create world-class projects by bringing the value and charm of Bangkok. In the past, it was developed to create a new area of Rama IV. Based on the 4 core concepts to enhance the quality of life of urban people as follows: Being the Movement: Driving the city and bringing progress along with Bangkok for the quality of life of urban peopleAmplify Bangkok's Values: The ultimate value and charm of Bangkok over the centuries inspired the design of various spaces. Empower Life in Smart and Sustainable Ecosystem: Focus on infrastructure, information management and technology for convenience. In preparation for the launch of the project, we have planned an intensive proactive marketing strategy throughout the year. The project is scheduled to open in phase one. in the first quarter of 2024.
Department of Foreign Trade warns against risky products wearing Thai rights|Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade The department has revised the list of surveillance goods or high-risk goods that will impersonate the origin of goods from Thailand exported to the U.S. and the European Union (EU) by an additional 8 items for a total of 48 items after defining 42 surveillance products since Aug. 1, 2022, in order to comply with the list of goods that the U.S. and the EU have inspected. 3.Carbon steel wire 4.Carbon steel pipe 5. Steel nails 6. Staples and exports to the EU 2 items are 1.Carbon wire steel 2.Aluminum cross-sectional line However, there is 1 product that has been removed from the list of surveillance goods exported to the EU, namely electric motors and 1 item grouped together for export to the US, namely mattresses. Exporters who wish to export all 48 products to the U.S. and the EU must apply for a certificate of origin from the Department as supporting evidence in obtaining a Certificate of Origin (General FORM CO) before exporting.
Petrol price today 12 Feb 2023 Updated from 4 pumps Latest price of how many baht per liter|"Oil Prices Today" Feb 12 66 Update on the price of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to the last 4 pumps, the price of each liter on February 12, 2023. Reporters report on oil price updates. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.25 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.98 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 94 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.39 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 43.84 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 34.94 baht/liter High diesel S at 34.94 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.66 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.04 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 34.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 34.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.06 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.25 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol 91 at 35.98 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.33 baht 94 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 34.39 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.28 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.55 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 43.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 35.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 35.24 Baht/liter 5.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 44.84 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is 33.94 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 35.98 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 36.25 baht/liter Diesel B7 is 34.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 43.84 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is 44.26 baht/liter.
Solve the problem of turbulent flight slots The MINISTRY struggled to find a solution to license tens of thousands of pilots.|Hurry up and organize summer flight slots. After the foreign tourists paraded into Thailand and understood with the green light of the business plan. "Thai Lion-Bangkok Air-Thai Airways" and the MINISTRY is struggling to find a solution to license more than 10,000 Thai pilots. Minister of Transport He said that the meeting resolved that the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) should expedite the allocation of summer slot allocations as soon as possible because the winter flight schedule will end on March 26, 2023 and the summer flight schedule will start on March 27, 2023. All concerned parties will meet on February 17 to find the best solution together, propose alternatives, and build understanding with Chinese airlines on various issues. The MINISTRY also resolved to raise the country's aviation standards by urging the EGAT to accelerate the coordination of relevant aviation sector agencies, both public and private. To solve any problems that still exist. The ICAO aims to obtain inspections in the USOAP program this year and hopes to exceed 90% of the assessment results, which will make Thailand comparable to the world's leading economies. It helps build the confidence of passengers. Boosting the growth of Thai Airways that aims to be ranked in the top 10 in the world AT THE SAME TIME, THE COMMITTEE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGED THE DECISION OF THE CIVIL AVIATION LICENSING COMMITTEE THAT APPROVED THE AMENDMENT OF THE BUSINESS PLAN OF 3 AIRLINES, NAMELY THAI LION, BANGKOK AIR AND THAI AIRWAYSSPONSORED. The MINISTRY said that during covid, the airline was affected and closed. During covid, ICAO waived the waiver for pilots who do not have flight hours to maintain their pilot certificate from 90 days to 180 days. "Mr. Gols Senarak, Manager of Standards in charge of the CAT, said that in case the pilot will get the license, there are 2 solutions: 1. Pilots who have a license, if they are going to connect the license, can train to fly simulators with small aircraft. now Hua Hin flight school is ready to accommodate, it may cost tens of thousands of baht at a time, and 2.If you need a license to fly a large commercial aircraft. Pilots must train large commercial aircraft simulators according to the type of fleet they will work in order to maintain safety standards according to international criteria, but it can cost hundreds of thousands of baht"Understand the difficulties of commercial pilots who want to return to the profession by applying for a license renewal because it is costly, although there is no income, but it is difficult to avoid because before being approved for a new license, the CAT adheres to international standards.
Repeated warnings! Don't believe scammers, don't send information via line-text.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Ministry of Finance The Bank of Thailand (BOT) and the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES) have discussed ways to prevent fraudsters from sucking money into people's bank accounts. "DES reports that an average of 800 bank account holders are found to be scammers a day, with gangs often impersonating government officials. Send information via LINE or send any message to the public first. Please don't be fooled." Deep light The Director-General of the Revenue Department said: January to March every year is the filing period for personal tax returns (PND), there will be a group of fraudsters impersonating department officials, calling the taxpayer, either informing them that they have returned their taxes or having outstanding tax obligations, and asking for personal information. The department will not contact and will not follow up to pay taxes through line. If the taxpayer has any doubts, call the hotline 1161 and if you want to pay taxes or have problems, please contact the local tax office near Mr. Kirati Ratchano. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Commerce said that the ministry does not have a policy to ask people or business operators for information or offer business grants via LINE and telephone. Call the hotline 1203 to check the information and prevent any form of scams. November 2022 onwards 50 complaints have been filed, the Ministry of Commerce will investigate all cases and has now filed 18 lawsuits. Krungthai Bank's Chief Executive Officer said that financial scammers occur on a daily basis, affecting confidence in the financial business, which DES is solving by issuing a new Decree (Act) for banks to prevent immediately.
Check nominee "Yaowarat-Ratchada" extracting gray capital.|Mr. Keerati Ratno Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Commerce Revealed the progress of solving the problem of foreigners using Thai people to hold shares instead (Nominee) to evade doing business under the Alien Business Act B.E. 2542 without asking for permission, that it has instructed provincial commercial offices nationwide and the Department of Business Development. Check registration The company strictly checks the registration information as well as observes The applicant's behavior is also whether it is reliable and consistent with the funds applied for the registration of a new company. To avoid grey capital gaps, strictly monitor all areas. Mr. Painter Wongkhetkorn, deputy director-general of the Department of Business Development, said that in the past, there has been more news of gray capital coming to do business in Thailand, such as restaurants in Yaowarat or Huai Khwang. The Department has investigated businesses that are jointly owned by foreigners. It's not just the Chinese who hold the shares. It focuses on tourism-related businesses such as restaurants/restaurants, accommodation/hotels, car rentals, souvenir shops. Massage/spa business, etc. In Chinatown Samphanthawong A total of 200 companies are involved in the protection of nominees, but that does not mean that all 200 of them qualify for nominee inspection. If the businesses listed in Appendix 1, 2 are already prohibited for foreigners, these businesses cannot be operated. As for account 3, do I need to ask for permission first? If you don't ask for it, it's illegal. Management authority Financial Statements IF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDICATE THAT THE BUSINESS IS ENGAGED IN THE ATTACHED ACCOUNT, IT IS AN INDICATION THAT IT MAY BE CONSIDERED NOMINEE.SPONSORED.
200,000 Thais invaded Taiwan this year|Ms. Cindy Chen, Taiwan Tourism Director Bangkok Taiwan Tourism in collaboration with Krungthai Card Public Company Limited, KTC Launched "The Challenge of Unseen Taiwan" campaign, introducing new types of tourism in 4 dimensions. Food & Culture ready to open Bangkok-Kaohsiung flight route A southern city that few people have ever experienced. It is expected that by the end of this year, Thais will fly to Taiwan. 200,000 because after Taiwan opened to tourists last month. Last Oct to present There are 50,000 Thai tourists visiting Taiwan because of the visa-free policy. For Thai tourists for 14 days, Ms. Patthira Anantchotipatch, Head of Tourism and KTC World Travel Service, Krungthai Card Public Company Limited or KTC, said that since Taiwan welcomed the event, the company has been able to provide the opportunity to travel for 14 days. Thai tourists have a large number of members who spend via KTC credit cards at airline partners indicating that they are traveling to Taiwan. In Q4, it increased by 118% and card spending in Taiwan in the past three months grew by 14%.
Win less than 5 baht per unit. May-August declined.|Reveal the trend of electricity bills in the 2nd installment of this year or month This May-August, there will be only one rate left because natural gas prices have improved and there is a chance of a decrease in FT. Meanwhile, the NBTC gave the green light to reconsider its approach to natural gas liberalization phase 2 after rising global market prices, which prevented new importers from competing with the old ones. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Energy Revealed that the trend of calculating electricity bills for the 2nd period or month. May-August will be the only rate for both households and private sectors. From the first installment (Jan-Apr) of this year. Consider the electricity tariff as 2 rates, i.e. households charge electricity at 4.72 baht per unit and other types of electricity users charge 5.69 baht per unit. That's up from a peak of $40-50 per million BTU at the end of last year because the weather in the EU wasn't very cold. While during the high electricity consumption period, it is during the month. Jan-Apr eases the emergency energy response plan situation. "If LNG prices remain stable at this level. There is a chance to see the automatic variable electricity charge (FT) for the monthly period. May-Aug IT IS LIKELY TO DECREASE, BUT WILL IT FALL BELOW 5 BAHT PER UNIT AS PROPOSED BY THE PRIVATE SECTOR? The director of the Office of Energy Policy and Planning (NIA) said at the meeting of the National Energy Policy Committee (NEDA). Approved to review the guidelines for promoting competition in natural gas business phase 2 that the NBTC had previously approved on April 1, 2021, due to the increase in natural gas prices in the global market in order to make the competition in natural gas business phase 2 efficient and fair to energy service providers and users. Therefore, the problem must be solved at the new importer. It is not possible to compete with the existing market price (Pool Gas) and when will the new system be started, the KGB will go to see the period, this time it will be approved in principle, and the KGB will propose it to the Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC). However, if there is a material change from this approval, it will have to be presented to the NBTC again, while Mr. Kulis added that the NBTC has approved the natural gas management approach to reduce the burden on electricity bills for vulnerable groups. During the energy crisis He asked PTT Public Company Limited to provide assistance to reduce the burden on electricity bills for vulnerable groups who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month in January-April with a subsidy of 4,300 million baht. To reduce electricity bills for the above vulnerable groups. "The NBTC has also agreed to adjust the investment circle of the onshore natural gas pipeline project from Bang Pakong to PTT's South Bangkok Power Plant, which the NBTC has approved from 11,000 million baht to 13,590 million baht due to changes in project details in the area and method of laying natural gas pipelines.
Gold price today, February 14, 2023, opened on Tuesday morning, down 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Tuesday Morning 14 Feb 23 50 baht discount for "gold bullion" price sold out 29,750 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,250 baht per baht. On February 14, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.26 a.m. was reduced by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,650 baht per baht. Sell out baht 29,750 baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,122.36 baht per baht. Baht 30,250 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,825 baht Sell out 14,875 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,561.18 baht Sell out 15,125 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,412.5 Baht Sell Out 7,437.5 Baht Gold 1 Slung Buy 7,280.59 Baht Sell Out 7,562.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,706.25 Baht Sell Out 3,718.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,640.295 Baht Sell Out 3,781.25 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Prebilt Looking at the trend of growing low-rise housing market, 6 new projects in the suburbs pushed sales up by 20%.|Mr. Viroj Charoentra Chief Executive Officer, Prebilt PREB Public Company Limited (PREB) revealed that the direction of the real estate business in 2023 is likely to expand well from the previous year. Due to the increasing demand for single-family homes by Prebilt The company will benefit from this growth by setting a target of 1,300 million baht or 20% growth from the previous year. Focus on Bangkok-Perimeter-Nonthaburi area, including townhouses, detached houses. In 2023, the Company has 6 completed projects pending sale and projects under development, totaling 4,900 million baht. The company aims to grow by 20% and close sales of 1,300 million baht in detail of 3 projects under development in an area of more than 20 rai, with a total project value of 2,050 million baht. On a suburban location with high growth potential. The project consists of Pimnara Srinakarin-Bangna with a project value of 700 million baht. In the form of 2-storey detached houses, priced at 6.9-8 million baht, Pimnara Thammasat Rangsit, valued at 650 million baht, in the form of 2-storey detached houses, priced at 6-8 million baht, pre-village Thammasat Rangsit, valued at 700 million baht. In the form of 2-storey townhomes, the price is 2.6-3.5 million baht. It also revealed that in the last two quarters of this year, two new projects will be launched, namely Pimnara Salaya, worth 550 million baht. In the form of detached houses throughout the project, 77 units, priced at 5.5-7 million baht. The project value is 950 million baht. SIZE 51 UNITS PRICE 15-19 MILLION BAHTSPONSORED"Prebilt It has the strength of comprehensive development and comprehensive care. At present, most property developers lack supervision throughout their ongoing projects. The company can build trust and reduce concerns in case customers want to repair or add to their homes. In addition, the project is conveniently located, unique home style concept, greater value for money and price. in a similar number compared to other projects."
TRIS gives OR its first corporate credit rating of "AA+".|OR received its first Company Rating of "AA+" from TRIS Rating. On February 14, 2023, Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), said that TRIS, Thailand's leading credit rating agency, was the leading credit rating agency in Thailand. OR announced its corporate credit rating for the first time in 2023 at AA+ level with a "Stable" or "Stable" credit rating outlook, underlining OR's leadership in the retail oil and commercial distribution of petroleum products in Thailand, and its strategic contribution to the Group. PTT is the group's main distributor of petroleum products. This includes the transition to energy of the future and the promotion of quality of life for Thai people, as well as having a prudent and efficient financial policy. In Tris's view, OR is a reliable organization, both as a leader in the retail oil business and its ability to supply petroleum products, as well as its network of service stations and distribution channels. In addition, OR has a variety of petroleum products and café Amazon and 7-11 stores, which have high demand and help attract customers to use PTT Station, resulting in more sales per branch. Mr. Dittat said that OR is also financially strong from the IPO proceed and has cash generation asset units. By seeking investment opportunities in related businesses both domestically and internationally. To support a low-carbon society, as well as to manage its financial position to be strong and ready to face challenges on a regular basis in order to create sustainable value added for shareholders and stakeholders.
4 companies sell back shares in the index near 1,700 points, analysts point to liquidity services that do not affect the stock price.|The SET index rose closer to 1,700 points during the month. Last Jan Find important movements in the stock market. When there are 4 companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand and the Stock Exchange of Mai, there is a sell-off of shares that were previously repurchased on the stock exchange. During the period from January 1 to February 10, 4 listed companies were gradually selling their shares, with Navanakorn Public Company Limited (NNCL) selling a total of 25 shares, totaling 21.19 million shares. The total value is 5.4 million baht. The remaining 27.06 million shares were sold. RS Public Company Limited (RS) sold 11.9 million shares worth 200 million baht, while Ch. Karnchang Public Company Limited (CK) sold 8 shares totaling 11.99 million shares or a total value of 283 million baht and had 24 million shares remaining. Company Section InterMedical Care & Lab Public Company Limited (IMH) sold 1,800 shares worth 24,480 baht and the remaining 998,200 shares of Mr. Narongsak Lertsubtawee. The Managing Director of Forth Smart Services Public Company Limited (FSMART) revealed that fsmart has approximately 26 million shares previously repurchased by the company, or 3.44% of the total shares. However, with the cost that the company bought earlier, it is considered that the current level is profitable. At the same time, according to the business plan, the company has plans to invest, which is possible that it may consider selling its shares back to the board, but depending on the consideration of the Board of Directors, which is expected to be clear by the beginning of this year. Assistant Managing Director Securities Analysis Department Trinity Securities He revealed that in the past, many companies that had liquidity and wanted to manage their finances chose to use the share repurchase method if the company considered that the share price was lower than it should be, which according to the rules will hold for 3 years.  Once the holding period has expired, the Company will have to consider how to proceed with the shares. If the company sees that the share price is stable and needs capital to operate the business, it may use the method of selling back the market. Therefore, it does not affect the share price unlike the previous 5-10 years.
ZORT looks at 2023, e-commerce is still bustling. Market value growth of 15-20%, suggest online stores beware of 2 risks |ZORT Thai Startup Platform to help online stores Looking at 2023, the e-commerce market is still bustling. The market value is expected to grow by 15-20% from the previous year at 660 billion baht, with online stores advised to be aware of risks 2. Chief Executive Officer, Zort, a Thai startup Order and Stock Management Platform Revealed that 2022 can exceed the target growth target. The number of customers using the service increased by 50% through all e-commerce platforms connected to the ZORT system to 49 billion baht, which is an increase of about 62% from 2021 of approximately 30 billion baht. In 2023, ZORT is targeting 100% growth as it sees this year as another good year for e-commerce business because online shopping is likely to continue to grow, with ZORT forecasting that the market will grow by 15-20% from 2022, which should have a total market value of about 660 billion baht. THIS GROWTH IS DRIVEN BY THREE SUPPORTING FACTORS: SPONSORED WHILE THE RISKS OF THE E-COMMERCE MARKET THIS YEAR; In 2022, E- Marketplace has increased sales fees by 1%, resulting in merchants incurring sales fee costs and commissions. In the future, there is still a risk that such fees will rise further, especially after JD Central announced its withdrawal from the E-Marketplace war in Thailand on 2 platforms. Markets that have invested heavily in creating markets have the opportunity to increase fees more flexibly. With no competitors like JD Central, stores with e-marketplace storefronts need to plan for future changes in order to be able to control product prices well and not affect sales. This factor is significantly noteworthy. Signs of recovery began in the second half of 2022 after the government's announcement of the lockdown and the opening of the country to foreign tourists.
Thai stocks today, February 14, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 6.32 points, the index was at 1,658 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 6.32. The index is at 1,658.57. Turnover 36,278.52 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today is the 14th. In the morning, the index dropped 6.32. The index was at 1,658.57. The turnover was 36,278.52 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Gunkul Engineering Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited 4. PTT Public Company Limited 5. J.M.T. Network Co., Ltd. Services Public Company Limited.
ttb enhances digital banking services Pinning Thai people need a better financial life.|ttb upgrades digital banking services and creates ecosystem play for salaried people and car owners Have a home. Have a better financial life all around and aim for mobile banking ttb touch to top 3 Digital Banking Platform. Chief Executive Officer of TMB Thanachart (TTB) said that over the past few years, the world has experienced economic volatility. Even today, the covid problem is getting lighter, the economic wounds left behind remain. The geopolitical problems of the Russo-Ukrainian War, which is still protracted by Thais themselves, suffer from inflation and rising interest rates that affect purchasing power. There are more financial difficulties. Since the merger, TMB Thanachart has delivered a better financial life to many customers through financial solutions that meet the needs and benefits, such as helping more than 2 million Thais. The bank has provided free life coverage and medical expenses from accidents through ttb all freeSPONSORED accounts, as well as helping customers with debt consolidation to increase liquidity, although it has only just started, but has about 2,000 customers participating in the project, helping these people save more than 270 million baht from interest payments for 270 million baht for 2023. After this, we continue our mission by creating The Next REAL Change and creating meaningful change in new ways. There are three main strategies: 1. Synergy Realization: Leveraging the strengths and strengths of the merger to develop financial solutions that meet the needs of customers. After the merger, TMB Thanachart has a strong customer base of over 10 million, reflected by the Bank's 2022 net profit of Baht 14,196 million. In 2021, ttb will expand its strengths to ttb cash your car, ttb cash your home, ttb payday loan, and car insurance products. The Bank aims to use digital as an important tool to deliver a better financial experience to customers and drive the organization to work more efficiently. Reduce bank costs Increase competitiveness with the goal of becoming a Top 3 Digital Banking Platform"Based on customer behavior, we found that many people have more than one mobile banking bank and will transfer all the money to the bank that they are familiar with. What we need to do to meet the needs of our customers is to offer them something interesting, such as 2% interest on the deposit, so that he stays with us as long as possible." The Bank aims to enhance and expand ttb touch's capabilities to meet the needs of each customer in a comprehensive manner, which the new version of ttb touch launched in 2Q22 and has received a lot of feedback from customers. The number of active users increased by 46%, with the number of transactions on the app growing by 25%. In the past, ttb touch crashed, causing the team to accelerate the improvement and plan to improve the ability to support the service continuously. The app is stable and can serve customers efficiently, importantly, with the potential of the new version of ttb touch. The Bank will continue to develop the organization into a Digital-First Experience so that customers can make most of their transactions via ttb touch for convenience and speed. While branch employees play an important role as Trusted Advisor, consulting, advising, and serving customers on complex products and services3. Creating a financial life of payroll clients Have a car ttb will continue to grow with the New Business Model, focusing on salaried customers, car owners, and homeowners, which are the 3 main groups that the Bank specializes in and has a customer base as a handicap. FOR EXAMPLE, FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE A CAR, THEY WILL BE ABLE TO MANAGE ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE SPONSORED CAR, SUCH AS PAYING - CHECKING THE AMOUNT OF CAR LOANS, RENEWING CAR INSURANCE AND THE ACT. Top up - Check the balance of the Easy Pass expressway card, find promotions about car care. Everything can be done on the My Car feature on ttb touch app conveniently. In the past, the Bank has established the ttb spark digital team and ttb spark academy to focus on creating a new generation of talent that is capable of aligning with the business world through driving innovation and current digital solutions. The ttb spark team has more than 400 people in charge of both Tech and Beyond Banking Business, and pushes and develops ttb touch apps to have more features that meet the needs of customers. "We are confident that ttb's ability to be ready in all aspects as of today, combined with its three strategies, will enable us to continue to be a make real change bank for our customers' financial lives."
Makro Ching disgraced itself. Makro Pro launches e-commerce app to reach 1 million users in 2023|Mr. Tanit Chearavanont Chief Executive Officer, Siam Makro Public Company Limited He revealed that in the digital age, online business and e-commerce are increasingly playing a role. Makro is committed to developing its O2O business structure to meet the needs of all customer groups. This year, the company aims to reach 1 million users and download applications, and expects revenue from the e-commerce business to grow by more than 88% from the previous year, including plans to expand 10-12 additional stores with an investment budget of approximately 200-300 million baht. However, Makro is committed to becoming a leader in omni-channel wholesale business by making Makro Pro application that connects all trading channels from the storefront (offline) branch. To the application (online) to meet the needs of entrepreneurs in a comprehensive and seamless way. By virtue of its strength in leading fresh food. Cooperation from a nationwide network of business partners and service networks Integrated with state-of-the-art technologySPONSORED
The stock market posted a profit of 42 million baht after MEB entered the trade. Analysts expect business growth to slow down.|The movement of the first mai stock exchange trading of MEB Corporation Public Company Limited or MEB at an opening price of 45 baht per share. The stock market closed at 28.50 baht, or 58%, before the closing of the morning half-day trading session at 44 baht, up from the subscription price of 54 baht, according to the Stock Exchange of Thailand. It is reported that 2 famous stockholders were acquired by Mr. Sura Kanittaweekul. Mr. Pongsak Thamtachari acquired 1.5 million shares worth 42.75 million baht and Mr. Pongsak Thamtachari acquired 1.3 million shares worth 37.5 million baht. The share price rose in the morning half-day. As a result, the value of Mr. Sura increased by 66 million baht or 23.25 million baht in profit. Mr. Pongsak 57.2 million baht. Profit of 19.7 million baht, analysts at TISCO Securities "We see the E-Book market as a high-growth market due to the increasing reach of mobile phones and internet, and MEB is a competitive company and a leader in the domestic e-book market, resulting in high growth in recent times. Although we see that the company's future growth may be slowed down from the previous period due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected book sales, we see that the popularity of e-books will increase in the future, coupled with the potential to expand the platform overseas, making MEB attractive. Securities Analyst Bualuang Securities Company Revealed that MEP Corporation is the no.1 online book market in Thailand. With a market share of over 60% and a "meet, pay, finish" strategy (easy to use), MEB has revenue and profit away from its competitors, stronger profitability than other online booksellers, and has allowed MEB to outperform the industry picture that is still growing at a level of more than 10% per year over the next 3-4 years, with profit growth expected to grow by 19% in 2023 and a medium-long-term upside from expanding MEB's platform to other countries. We start with a buy recommendation with a target price of 32 baht.
Thai stocks today, February 14, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 12.13 points, the index was at 1,652 points.|Thai Stocks Today On February 14, 2023, the index fell 12.13 points, or 0.73%, to 1,652.76, the lowest index was at 1,648.74 points, the highest index was at 1,669.71 points, and the turnover was 70,525.47 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Gunkul Engineering Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited 4. PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited 5. J.M.T. Network Co., Ltd. Services Public Company Limited.
The IRS found an unusual 15% tax return.|Mr. Laworn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department It revealed that 2.4 million personal tax payments have been filed for the year 2022. Of these, 1.4 million people requested tax refunds. About 70% of tax returns have been returned and the remaining 30% are under review, of which 10-15% have irregularities in tax filing. This year will be the year when the IRS will review tax returns more carefully and intensively. If any irregularities are found, they will ask for more information, which will delay the tax return. Usually, if there is no irregularity in the filing of the tax return. The department will only return the tax within 3 working days, but if any irregularities are found, the tax return will be delayed or more than 7 working days," he said, adding that the Revenue Department has assessed personal and corporate income taxation this year to be better. By taxing personal income; We are currently in the process of allowing income earners to file tax payments. Jan-Mar every year As for filing corporate income tax returns, It is open to gradually file through corporate income tax payments twice a year and value added tax (VAT) payments every month. This is reflected in the recovery of the domestic economy. moreover The Revenue Department has also collaborated with Krungthai Bank to create an electronic identity verification program. To facilitate taxpayers by implementing electronic authentication services through the application. "PAO TANG" IS USED TO VERIFY IDENTITY BEFORE ACCESSING ELECTRONIC SERVICES WITH.SPONSORED
The Ministry of Tourism and Sports receives property from tourists.|The Minister of Land Charges for the month This June, 300 baht per person by air, 150 baht per person by land and water, partly to buy insurance for tourists. Half year expected to receive 3,250 million baht in funds Attaji state puts money management system in place, do not allow loopholes. And set up a fund to help the private sector with Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan. Minister of Tourism and Sports The cabinet meeting was held on February 14, 2023. Approved the collection of domestic tourism fees for foreign tourists entering Thailand through air channels of 300 baht and land channels and water channels of 150 baht per person per time to be used as working capital for development. tourism Build competitiveness in the tourism industry and provide insurance to foreign tourists during domestic tourism. According to the data collected in 2017-2019, foreign tourists visited government hospitals, which the state had to spend up to 300-400 million baht, which the law enforcement will start within 90 days after the announcement of the Official Gazette, which is expected to start around June 1, 2023," said SPONSORED, Minister of Tourism and Sports. It is expected that this year it will collect fees from about 13 million foreign tourists, amounting to 3,900 million baht. The collected money of 300 baht per person will be used to buy insurance for tourists of 50 baht, with the rest this year estimated at 3,250 million baht. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports will prepare regulations on the use of funds to propose to the Prime Minister again. A committee of 10 relevant ministries will be set up to oversee the use of the funds, "The funds in the fund will be used to promote and develop tourism, develop tourist attractions, and create man-made tourist attractions, as well as to organize events. Chairattananon The secretary-general of the Thai Tourism Services Association (ATTA) said the government must put in place a model for managing the land charges now because it will be a huge sum of tens of billions of baht. Therefore, the system must be set up and find people to manage it well, not bring it out to spend little by little, and propose that the committee that will take care of the spending of money. Representatives of the private sector should also be present. In addition, the proportion to be divided to establish a fund to promote tourism operators must be clearly defined, the reporter reported on February 14, 2023. Members of the Thai Tourism Association (ATTA) and the Thai Hotel Association invited representatives of 7 political parties to share their vision and policies to drive the tourism sector. The Thai Sang Thai Party said it proposed to split 100 baht from the collection of tourist fees per person to form a fund for the private tourism sector. As a general, Tang Suttitham, the Party for Thailand, said it proposed to set up a tourism bank to provide cheaper loan rates. Mr. Samphan Panpat The Thai Pattana Party said the government should find ways to reduce costs for the tourism sector to recover from COVID-19. Mr. Woraporn Viriyaroj The party went further. He said the opportunity now is to develop a single platform for foreigners to travel to Thailand and book rooms through this hotel system.
SEC smashes investor scam to book IPO shares|The Reporter reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Mr. Worapoj Telampusut has revoked the approval of investment adviser, Mr. Worapoj Telampusut, for 3 years and 4 months in case of acting dishonestly by persuading investors to subscribe for securities in their own personal accounts and not actually buying securities. While committing an offense under bualuang securities. The SEC received complaints from investors who were not customers of Bualuang Asset Management and further investigated the facts. Mar-May 21 Mr. Worapoj persuaded investors to subscribe for 7 IPO shares in Mr. Worapoj's trading account, which Mr. Worapoj claimed to have received the IPO rights from Bualuang Asset Management, the underlying company where Mr. Worapoj was working, and the investor transferred the money to Mr. Worapoj's personal bank account. When investors ask Mr. Worapoj has always been a bit of a jerk. Later, after Mr. Worapoj was complained to by investors. Therefore, the money has been returned to investors in the entire amount. Consider that Mr. Worapoj's behavior is considered to be the performance of duties without dishonesty. As a result, the investor's assets have been wrongfully acquired, which is a prohibited characteristic of capital market personnel, and has been revoked for 3 years and 4 months since February 14, 2023. Do not be fooled by solicitations for trading securities on accounts of other persons other than your own account or solicitation to transfer securities to the personal account of the investment adviser.
TMB Thanachart Bank dreams far and wide of virtual banking|Mr. Piti Tanthakasem Chief Executive Officer TMB Thanachart Bank Public Company Limited (TTB) revealed that it has formulated a business drive plan for 2023 with the goal of using digital as an important tool to deliver a better financial experience to customers and drive the organization to work more efficiently. Reduce bank costs However, the Bank has no plans to apply for a license to operate a new type of commercial bank without branches or virtual banks from the Bank of Thailand (BOT). Although virtual banks have 30-35% lower operating costs than commercial banks, virtual banks' success is to wait for time to stabilize or to have enough customers to be able to make a profit. For example, if it has a customer base of 10 million. It takes 60-70 years to reach a stable point. At first, I had to keep burning money. If the hemp line is not long enough, risk ruining.
Property Perfect Revenue expected to reach 20 billion in 2023 Prominent flats Revival Hotel|Property Perfect Aiming for total revenue of 22,000 million baht, flat-rise, reaping revenue from joint ventures, recovering hotels, and opening new condominium projects in 4 years on February 14, 2023. The Managing Director of Property Perfect Public Company Limited (PF) said that this year, the Thai economy will gradually improve after the COVID-19 pandemic, with the group's total revenue estimated at 22 billion baht, divided into 16 billion baht in property perfect revenue and 6 billion baht in grand assets, or 9,600 million baht in revenue from low-rise projects. Condominium Project 3,000 Million Baht The 6,400 million baht joint venture project and the 3,000 million baht hotel business for this year's expansion are driven by 3 main factors, namely, the expansion from the low-rise project, which is considered the strength of the company, and will launch additional new low-rise projects, resulting in sales from low-rise projects to account for 74% of the total sales. The company expects to double its revenue from the recovery of the hotel tourism business in Bangkok, which is expected to generate revenue the same as in 2019 before the COVID situation, with all hotels in the group expecting an average annual occupancy rate of 72%. Chief Business Development Officer Property Perfect Public Company Limited said this year that the company has set a sales target of 16,500 million baht from the 9,700 million baht low-rise project. 2,400 million baht for condominium projects in Thailand and 4,400 million baht for joint venture projects This year, 14 new projects worth a total of 17,700 million baht will be opened. There are 9 single and twin houses worth 11,730 million baht, 3 townhomes and commercial buildings worth 2,770 million baht. Joint Venture Project with Sumitomo Forestry 1 additional project worth 2,200 million baht and 1 condominium project worth 1,000 million baht This year's approach will focus on adding products in the upper-end home group, which has grown in the past few years and continues to grow. This year, the company aims to increase its luxury home sales by 50% or 5,000 million baht, making it one of the top five luxury home market leaders. With the addition of new products, 3-storey detached houses are located in the city. Launched a brand new 3-storey luxury house, Wavila, as well as new home designs in both the company's upper-end and joint venture projects. We will increase the weight of the mid-range single-family home project portfolio to broaden the market among customers with dense purchasing power. There are 7 projects worth a total of 10,930 million baht. In 2 major brands, Perfect Place and Perfect Park, this year there is also the opening of a new low-rise condominium project on Pattanakarn Road behind Sinphaet Pattanakarn Hospital, scheduled to be launched in Q2. In addition, the Company continues to develop new products to add value and respond to both trends and consumer behavior by applying technology for environment and hygiene in new homes, such as installing solar roofs to use solar electricity, implementing smart home systems to reduce contact for residents' hygiene, and installing EV Chargers to support electric vehicle users, etc.
Gold price today, February 15, 2023, opened Wednesday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The "gold bullion" price was sold at 29,850 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,350 baht on February 15, 2023. Baht 29,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,213.32 baht per baht. Baht 30,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,875 baht Sell out 14,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,606.66 baht Sell out 15,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,437.5 Baht Sell Out 7,462.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,303.33 Baht Sell Out 7,587.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,718.75 Baht Sell Out 3,731.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,651.665 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, February 15, 2023, ended the morning trading down 0.77 points, the index was at 1,651 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed 0.77 lower. The index is at 1,651.99. Turnover 79,268.80 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 15, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 0.77 percent. The index was at 1,651.99. The turnover was 79,268.80 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited.
Kerry Crisis Heavy losses dragged the stock from 63 to 15 baht, the company launched a cost-cutting plan hoping to turn a profit. 	|There are also serious challenges for Kerry. Express (Thailand) Public Company Limited KEX A well-known transportation company that faces fierce competition from major competitors such as Flash Express, J&T Express or even Thailand Post. Express Choose to play price wars against other players. This significantly affects the company's operating results. If you go back to when Kerry was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand. At the end of 2020, Kerry is a stock that many investors want to buy. With the distinctiveness of a growing business. As a result, the share price peaked on the day of entry at 63 baht per share, but KEX has now dropped to 15 baht or more than 74%. He revealed that 2022 was a challenging year for the Thai economy due to various important factors, causing costs to increase, especially fuel costs and financial costs. As a result, the purchasing power of citizens around the world has also decreased significantly. The situation has greatly affected the e-commerce platform business in Thailand, which inevitably affects the express delivery business in the market. Especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. In mid-2022, consumer demand and purchasing power declined due to economic conditions. In addition to changing the shopping behavior of consumers to be more offline from the opening of the country after The COVID-19 pandemic, which has been ongoing for more than two years, has led to a decrease in demand growth in the express delivery business. KEX has increased the number of packages delivered by 18% compared to 2011SPONSORED. Such growth led to cost increases and slowing growth in the e-commerce business. As a result, the Company had a net loss on the company's ownership in 2022 of 2,829.8 million baht. Net profit was 46.9 million baht. Kerry In 2023, the Company has planned to improve operational efficiency. Investment in improving processes and equipment, manual labor, and focusing on improving the quality of good service to maintain market share in Thailand. The Company's 2023 plan is supported by key shareholders, namely SF Holding and Kerry Logistics Network (KLN), in terms of exchanging experience, expertise and know-hows in business operations and management, as well as being ready and committed to providing financial support for the company's long-term stable growth in the country. Reduce costs and improve UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) Plc's revenue mix sees heavy losses in Q4 2022 pressured by low revenues per parcel and one-time transactions to prepare for the LEAN project, which will begin in early 2023. As a result of the change in consumer behavior, we lowered the recommendation to Hold with a target price of 15.70 Baht (the previous target price was 22.20 Baht).
Cyber Elite joins hands with Zscaler to enhance security|Cyber Elite joins hands with Zscaler to enhance security Closing all vulnerabilities through the cloud Dr. Supakorn Kangpisadarn Managing Director, Cyber Company BCG Benchachinda Group said that in 2023, the company aims to be a leader in cloud security services. By 2025, revenue is projected to climb billions of baht, with revenue targeted in 2022. Elite continues to implement plans to expand its services to ASEAN countries. By looking at Laos Cambodia and Myanmar will be the top priority to strengthen our corporate customer base both domestically and internationally. From having a CSOC center to providing cyber services. This includes collaborating with global partners for 2023. Elite is ready to provide Managed Cloud Security in partnership with Zscaler, a leading global cloud security company. It has a very high growth rate each year. Compared to others. Today, the company is valued at the same value as the world's largest cyber product owner. While cyber Elite is thailand's leading provider of Managed Security Services. Managed Cloud Security services will have a positive impact on cyber enterprise customers. Elite is a world-class cybersecurity system that provides opportunities for cyber customers. Elite can access it in a timely manner. Enhance security The era of organizations having to invest in cybersecurity systems and installing them within their networks is no longer over. REDUCE THE BURDEN OF INVESTMENT COSTS, PROCURE AND MAINTAIN THE SPONSORED SYSTEM IN THE FUTURE, THE ORGANIZATION WILL NOT CARE WHERE THE SECURITY SYSTEM IS INSTALLED. Only access to the service and a high level of security. Cyber Elite customers can also be assured that they are protected by a conceptual security system. Zero Trust, a concept recognized by leading service providers like Zscaler, combined with the care of cybersecurity experts from Cyber Managed Cloud Security also reduces the risk of modern organizations allowing employees to work from anywhere, allowing users to access world-class security services even when they are on the go. Enterprise or cloud-based applications can be secured, with Zscaler's technology innovations responsible for continuous threat monitoring and surveillance. Enhance security without any system changes. It also receives 24/7 threat surveillance services from cyber. However, this year, Benchachinda group attaches great importance to cloud and cloud security and cyber. Elite is committed to becoming the country's leader in cloud security. We are confident in Zscaler's ability to be a global cloud security company that has long been in Gartner's Magic Quadrant's leadership group, and we believe that this year the Thai cloud market will grow by at least 40%, higher than the global average of about 30%. Elite The company aims to grow within Thailand by leaps and bounds from the previous year. Through working with Focused Partner Zscaler, who wants to actively market cloud security in the country, Mr. Foad Farognia, Head of Channels, APJ, Zscaler said that the company sees the potential of Benchachinda group. Elite is a leading provider of cyberspace. Zscaler is a leading cloud security company in Thailand with a strong public sector customer base and Zscaler itself is the world's leading cloud security services company. Therefore, this collaboration is considered to be a collaboration to focus on entering the government market. We are confident that we will be able to become the first service provider in the Thai cloud security market, which will also give us an advantage." Combined with knowledge and understanding of the Thai market, as well as the expertise of being a cyber managed security services provider. We focus on the target customers of Managed Cloud Security services to the financial sector (banks, capital markets, insurance), government sectors (government and state enterprises), as well as large organizations that are doing digital transformation, cloud transformation, cybersecurity transformation.
Covid insurance found, paid, finished, not completed, claims not completed, customers 4 companies are still waiting for money. |Covid insurance found, paid, finished, not completed claim Found customers of 4 companies that closed earlier are still waiting for money. Rush to find solutions After 4 insurance companies, namely Asia Insurance 1950, The One Insurance Co., Ltd., Thai Insurance Co., Ltd., and Southeast Insurance Co., Ltd., which had their business licenses revoked and closed since 2022 due to the problem of payment of COVID-19 insurance claims, it was later appointed that the Non-Life Insurance Fund was appointed to liquidate the 4 non-life insurance companies, as well as raise money to pay creditors or insureds. There are concerns that the non-life insurance fund will have enough money. As a result, payments are delayed. Currently, there are still people waiting to receive covid insurance claims. Mr. Kritsada Gina criticized. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance As the Insurance Commission or OIC board said it has instructed the OIC to expedite financing to help increase liquidity for non-life insurance funds. At the same time, the Non-Life Insurance Fund has accelerated the creation of a system for paying COVID insurance claims. Insurance companies whose licenses have been revoked have now paid 5,000 of the more than 10,000 claims. To make insurance claim payments faster Currently, 300 customers can be paid per month if the system is adjusted and added. It is expected to help increase claims payments to 10,000 per month, currently the non-life insurance fund has a capital of about 6,000-7,000 million baht. At the moment, it is still enough to pay covid insurance claims because it is a gradual payment, but in the future, you have to increase the money in the fund because it is not enough to pay covid insurance claims. The method of increasing the fund has been assigned to the OIC to expedite the process, which may be the nature of borrowing money from the OIC. Borrowing money from financial institutions or issuing bonds in the future.
PQS enters first day trades, opens high, closes low, reserves Retail buying risks a loss of 63%.|PQS shares entered the first day of trading, peaking at 15.80 baht before dropping to a low close of 5.75 baht. It was found that the movement of the stock price The opening price was 14.00 baht, up 8.00 baht or 133.33% from the IPO price of 6.00 baht. If investors buy shares at the highest price of 15.80 baht, the risk of loss is up to 63%. Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited UOB Kay Hian Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited KGI Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited and Yuanta Securities (Thailand) Co., Ltd. The Chief Executive Officer of Premier Quality Starch Public Company Limited (PQS) revealed that the proceeds from the fundraising This will lead to the expansion of the new plant and will increase the total cassava production to 3.6 lakh tonnes per annum from the current 2.4 lakh tonnes per annum. In addition, PQS has further studied new investment plans, focusing on expanding the biogas production and distribution business, and will focus on cost-effective management in order to maintain PQS's operating growth rate to a good level. Net profit was 66.75 million baht, 82.09 million baht, and 2,254.03 million baht, respectively. Million Baht and 313.82 Million Baht respectively. In 2022, the 9-month period consisted of revenue of Baht 1,757.57 million and net profit of Baht 211.36 million. The main revenue will continue to come from the business of producing and selling premium tapioca starch, which will expand to overseas markets in addition to the current main market, namely China.  KGI Securities (Thailand) PQS said it started taking care of PQS shares with a "buy" recommendation and gave a target price for the first half of 2024 at 12.00 baht based on a PE of 16.0 times. We also like the company because of its high average profit growth rate (CAGR) of about 25% in 2021-2024.
Around the Market : Chitta Wealth Asset Management makes wallpaper to please investors of Mu plus VI|On February 15, 2023, The Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests It is as follows: Complete yellow seal Chief Executive Officer Chitta Wealth Asset Management Co., Ltd. said, "We as an investment platform with a value-oriented or VI principle with a goal. In order to help investors access value investments to generate long-term returns, the idea is to use insight about superstitions as marketing ideas to create a sense of comfort for investors. Chitta Wealth therefore launches the Good Holidays campaign, Stop Waiting, as the main strategy to encourage investors to start investing with the right investment principles. Chitta Wealth wants to serve as a warning to investors to be aware of investing with the right principles as the main strategy to overcome the volatility storm. The VI investment concept is combined with beliefs by offering wallpaper that is a design based on a well-meaning tarot card combined with a catchphrase SPONSORED by global investors. Warren Buffett, Peter Lynch, Robert Kiyosaki, Oliver Goldsmith and George Bernard Shaw allow investors to download it as a mobile phone screen wallpaper to create peace of mind and a year https://jitta.co/3JqjbR0-round reminder. Thais are returning to normal life with serious health care habits. Therefore, Ichitan Group sends Ichitan 0 Calorie Plus Catechin, a quality healthy tea priced at only 20 baht per bottle, together with 2 flavors, Jasmine Green Tea and Oolong Tea, 0% sugar and 0 calories, 420 ml. Plus Catechin or catechin. Both green tea, black tea, and oolong tea. It helps to fight free radicals in the body, which is one of the causes of the deterioration of the body's cells, leading to aging. Catechins also contribute to energy metabolism. Reduce and help maintain the balance of fat formation in the blood as well. Deputy Managing Director, Viriyah Insurance Public Company Limited Mr. Pakpoom Wiriyaphan as Deputy Managing Director, VCB Car Service Co., Ltd. Mr. Somkid Boondevi Director of Northern Vocational Education Institute 4, including Mr. Thong Tinala. Assistant Director of Northern Vocational Education Institute 4 signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) for the management of vocational education with Northern Vocational Education Institute 4 to create qualified personnel with knowledge and technological abilities through learning courses with skills and expertise from real experience. Able to apply what they have learned to expand their knowledge and develop themselves in their careers, ready to step into the insurance industry and the international labor market with pride. Reinforcing its leadership in the pump industry with new achievements, winning 6 major awards from various world-famous stages. The receipts include: The 15th World Branding Awards, 2023 Taiwan Excellence Award, 1st Prize and 4 other awards in the Best Product category from the National Yushan Award 2022. To meet the needs of people in the present era and beyond, you can follow the information at www.walruspump.co.th SPONSORED Sahapat phiboon Public Company Limited, a distributor of consumer products. To please health lovers, introduce the new Richesse yogurt recipe. No added sugar Mixed with jelly, full of pearls, delicious, chewy. Use stevia instead of sugar. Guaranteed with the symbol of nutrition, healthier choice, and contains up to 9,000 mg of probiotics and fiber, helping to balance the intestines and body to function normally. It's available today at Lawson108, The Mall, Foodland, Big-C, Tesco Lotus and leading stores nationwide. Supalai Public Company Limited organized the event. The old calendar we asked for under the Supalai project, well built. Invite all fellow employees to share their unused calendars for reuse for maximum benefit. Led by the welfare committee team representing the company. Delivered 1,280 desktop calendars to the Center for Educational Technology for the Blind Thailand Foundation for the Blind In addition, this activity also raises awareness about the reuse of items to help reduce the amount of waste and can also reduce the production of greenhouse gases by more than 7 kilograms. THE COMPANY IS READY TO CONTINUE ITS ACTIVITIES TO CREATE GOOD FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD.
SCB Tang Orapong Silver candle sits on the CTO podium, technology captain Upgrading to a fully integrated digital bank|Siam Commercial Bank appointed Mr. Orapong Thienngern is the President and Chief Technology Officer with effect from 16 February 2023 onwards. Responsible for overseeing technology, digital banking and operations, preparing for the mission of transitioning SCB services to become a fully integrated digital bank. Enhancing services through innovative technologies, the Bank has appointed Mr. Orapong Tienngern is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Technology Group. Financial innovation and experience in applying technology to transform a business that has achieved a lot of success. This is to create new changes for SCB to be ready for the future by: Mr. Orapong Thienngern is a suitable person and is ready to be a technology leader for the Bank and drive the transition to digital banking for SCB with more than 30 years of experience in the banking and banking industry. It has been awarded the highest position in leading organizations such as Microsoft (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and Ecksen-Sher. Thailand Previous Mr. Orapong is the Chief Executive Officer of Digital Ventures Co., Ltd., a financial innovator in SCB X Group, one of the first innovators in blockchain technology to develop an innovative hiring platform in Thailand. HE HAS ALSO SERVED AS SCB CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ONCE AND HAS A GOOD UNDERSTANDING OF THE BUSINESS, DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM AND NEEDS OF THE BANK'S CUSTOMERS.
Best CEO "Econmass Awards"|Miss CHITWADEE PENGMAK President, Association of Economic Journalists The association is affiliated with three private sector joint committees, comprising the Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce and the Thai Chamber of Commerce, the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI), the Thai Bankers Association and the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce. The 2022 Thailand CEO Econmass Awards 2022 "The CEO received the award through intensive selection in accordance with the criteria and academic principles in accordance with international standards. It also inspires the business sector." Thailand CEO Econmass Awards 2022 are divided into 5 categories: 1. Senior CEO Award; Businesses listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (CEO Econmass Awards 2022) have been awarded to 5 companies as follows: 1. Mr. Sompong Chuenkitiyanon Chief Executive Officer, Business Element Consumer Branch 2. Mr. Somkiat Silwattanawong Chief Executive Officer, Stonehenge Inter Real Estate and Construction Pcl. 3. Mrs. Napasnan Pannipa Chief Executive Officer TQM Alpha Financial Business 4. Mr. Poonpipat Tanthanasin CEO, QTC Plc. Energy Resource Branch 5. Mr. Siriwat Wongjarukorn, Chief Executive Officer of MFEC Technology Co., Ltd. 2.The Best CEO Econmass Awards 2022 1. Chief Executive Officer of TQM Alpha Plc. 3.SMEs CEO Econmass Awards 2022 4 Companies 1.Mr. Ukrit Tangdukul Co-Chief Executive Officer Real Estate Company Smart Co., Ltd. Service Branch 2.Ms. Natcha Rujichladl, Executive Director Bitmax Intercorp Retail and Wholesale Business 3. President, A-Plus Supply Co., Ltd., Industrial and Manufacturing Business 4. Mr. Tsam Charoenchang Managing Director, Sirisompong Organic Co., Ltd. Farm Co., Ltd. / Lemon Garden Lung Siri 4. The Best SMEs CEO Econmass Awards 2022 1 Award: Mr. Ukrit Tangdukul Co-Chief Executive Officer Real Estate Company And 5.Popular Vote CEO Econmass Awards 2022 1 award: Mr. Sara Lamsam Chief Executive Officer, Muang Thai Life Assurance Pcl.
Public-private sector joins the economic wave to drive Thailand amid a volatile world|Treasury- Bot, Stock Exchange and private sectors cooperate to weather the economic wave in 2023 "Akom" indicates that the economy will grow 3-4% this year, but it will be a K-shaped characteristic. Strong fiscal position, new crisis lending channels Meanwhile, the 3 gurus of the economy continue to recover, with interest rates gradually rising. Yesterday (February 15), the Association of Economic Journalists held the Thailand Future Economic Forum 2023 and the CEO Econmass Awards 2022 ceremony at Aksara King Power Theatre. The Finance Minister presented the award and gave a special speech on the topic "Breaking through the economic wave of 2023" that the Thai economy will gradually recover. The tourism and related services business will be the driving force. The number of foreign tourists exceeded expectations, while exports slowed down as the global economy entered a recession. The export sector must give priority to trade with neighboring countries. "The Ministry of Finance and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) are confident that the Thai economy will grow in the range of 3-4%. As a result, Thailand still has fiscal space and an additional borrowing gap of up to 10% of gross domestic product (GDP). If there is a crisis and you have to find financial assistance without losing fiscal discipline, Thailand's foreign debt is less than that of domestic loans. Thailand's public debt at 60.67% per GDP is considered a safe level. Infrastructure construction should be accelerated because last year's investment rate in Thailand was relatively slow. It affects workers who cannot enter the workforce. In addition, there are investment projects in the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) that need to be accelerated", and then opened a seminar on the topic "Looking at different angles of the Thai economy in 2023" by 3 gurus and 3 perspectives to exchange economic perspectives. Start from Mr. Sanee Ang Ubonkul Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and The Federation of Thai Chambers He said the Thai economy will gradually recover in 2023. Merchandise exports will expand by at least 1-2%, while the private sector and the Ministry of Commerce will work proactively to penetrate more Thai export markets such as Saudi Arabia, as well as free trade (FTA) negotiations with new countries. It is estimated that up to 30 million foreign tourists will be employed this year. He said the government would need to have a budget to promote Chinese nationals who are visiting Thailand in the quarter. 2. This will result in shopping and income generation for the country. Employment and investment must start attracting foreign investors directly in order for the Thai economy to recover quickly, and it is also important to help SMEs to access government funds and measures. If agreed to help SMEs with tariffs, it would help employ 2-3 million SMEs in the sector." The Thai economy has a fascinating view of China. China has started investing more in Thailand, and Japan is jealous, and after the elections, a new government will have to work closer to the private sector. There must be an incentive for ease of doing business and additional investment." Mr. Methee Supapong Deputy Governor for Financial Stability The Bank of Thailand (BoT) said that the global economy in 2023 will continue to slow down, with each country growing differently, for example, the US economy will slow down due to rising US interest rates more quickly and not stopping. European economies have been troubled by the Russia-Ukraine war, while Asian economies have improved. Thailand, in particular, continues to recover. The inflation of each country is different. As a result, inflation is also a factor in monetary policy during periods of global volatility. The solution must be done carefully and weighed in terms of growth, inflation and financial stability"Foreign interest rates are rising much faster, but Thailand is not needed. It is now returning to normal levels to provide policy space. If there is a crisis, interest rates can be reduced. If not, do nothing. If there is a fluctuation. Monetary policy will leave no room for this. He also reiterated the gradual return of policy interest rates to normal. Many people say that a slow interest rate hike will cause interest margins with other countries. In fact, in the fourth quarter, there was even money flowing in. Investors do not look at interest rates, but look at the fundamentals of the economy to see if there will be any crisis, just like the Financial Times said that the baht is stable and able to withstand the global financial crisis," said SPONSORED, while Mr. Bhakar Pitawatchai, director and manager of the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), said that the past two years have been unprecedented. Both COVID-19 and Ukraine and Russia, or reduced liquidity, as well as high interest rates, have various factors affecting the economy. This year, the Thai economy will grow more than last year, and foreign investors are confident that in January 2023 alone, there was an inflow of USD 700 million. The baht is now 34 baht per U.S. dollar, compared to 38 baht per U.S. dollar. At the end of last year. In terms of capital markets, the industry that will be the strength of Thailand is the recovery of the food industry. For supporting the Thai capital market, the SEC has made two improvements: allowing businesses to raise capital from large to small. From being large to medium-sized and new trading boards to raise funds for SMEs to access more easily, such as the LiVE Exchange, this year we would like investors to consider the risks of political conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Volatility in oil prices, rising inflation Covid-19 risk Investors must keep up to date with the various news and impacts of each country's economy. each industry and its impact on listed companies; Each industry is different to invest in the right assets."
DES set the board down the horse account sword. Don't be greedy, get five hundred wages and be fined 300,000 baht.|Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) It was revealed that after the Cabinet meeting on February 14, 2023, it was acknowledged that the Decree Committee (Special Committee) had reviewed the draft of the Technological Crime Prevention and Suppression Act B.E. ... The Cabinet approved it on January 24, 2023, and will publish it in the Official Gazette soon. DES will appoint a committee to oversee and issue policies to determine the suspicious nature of money transfers. If detected, the account can be suspended and the transaction will be suspended for 7 days. However, if it is found to be a problematic account, it will be closed and prosecuted, and by increasing this power, DES will be able to prevent and solve online crimes immediately." The Prime Minister has the power to establish policies to coordinate with both police officers. The authorities involved in resolving this issue, including determining suspicious accounts or suspicious behavior, will suspend financial transactions." This law will help solve the problem of online scams as well as various forms of crime, especially the suspension of horse account transfers, which will be punishable by 3 years imprisonment and a fine of 300,000 baht. And in addition to cracking down on the horse account gang. This law also covers ghost sims. Therefore, people who register mobile phones for others to use will be guilty of imprisonment for 3 years and a fine not exceeding 300,000 baht, which is not worth getting hired for only 500-2,000 baht, but must be fined up to 300,000 baht.
The MINISTRY revealed that the industrial confidence index hit a 43-month high.|Mr. Suchart Chandranakraj Vice Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The results of the Industrial Confidence Index survey were released in November 2018. In January, the index stood at 93.9, up from 92.6 in December 2022 to the highest increase in 43 months since June 2019, due to the expansion of domestic demand, both durable goods and consumer goods. China's reopening of tourism has had a positive impact on tourism and imports from Thailand, but the global economy remains fragile, particularly in the U.S. and the European Union. Mr. Suchart said that entrepreneurs are also concerned about the direction of attracting foreign direct investment, which in the past Thailand had raised 30-35% of gross domestic product (GDP) growth, but now only 15%. Compared to competitors such as Vietnam, which increased significantly in 4 areas as follows: 1. Automatic variable electricity charge (FT) 2nd installment in the month This May-August, that should be reduced, especially in the industrial sector. 2. Measures to mitigate the impact of interest rate hikes to help reduce financial costs for businesses, especially SMEs 3. 4. The baht exchange rate should not fluctuate too much and want to look at both importers and exporters to be balanced.
Bitkub rounds up online gambling groups. Confirm KYC tightens financial transparency path|From the case that the online world is presenting news about the case of Bitcub. There is a risk of having the digital asset exchange business license revoked from the office. In addition, the Company would like to learn that throughout the past period, the Company has been conducting business and providing services to customers in good faith, transparency and lawfulness in accordance with good practitioner standards. To regularly and consistently investigate acts that may be considered illegal acts. The Company adheres to good corporate governance and benefits to all stakeholders, and the Company's management adheres to the principles of integrity. Integrity and transparency in the performance of their duties are also important. For this reason, the Company and its executives are willing to cooperate with government agencies with the authority to investigate the issues that appear in the news, and the Company is in the process of considering further legal action. Mr. Sakolkorn Sakawee Founder of Bitcub Sakolorn Sakavee said on his personal Facebook page, "For me, the news story I was shocked, I thought that I was being bullied, very strongly. News from any source, I don't know. This time it hit a lot of confidence, the KYC, CDD, STR system, I said, our company is the strongest in all. It's not easy to go through KYC at Bitkub, and I'm sure all the executives at Bitkub, including myself, the former Chairman of the Board of Directors, are willing to check everything. Make sure it's transparent. It has absolutely nothing to do with those who are newsworthy."
Analysts disappointed or Q4 losses were greater than expected. Hoping for market value to recover, pushing, flipping, profiting. |Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), revealed that the company's 2022 operating results showed an increase in sales and service revenue of Baht 277,986 million or 54.3% and EBITDA of Baht 273 million or 1.3% as the economy recovered from the covid-19 pandemic. As a result, overall sales volume increased by more than 15% in all business segments and also received an increase in share of income, mainly due to Thai Petroleum Pipeline Co., Ltd. and improved performance from joint ventures with partners in the Lifestyle business during 2021, although in the second half of 2022, there was an increase in product costs in the Mobility business, resulting in a net profit of Baht 10,370 million in 2022. Decreased by 1,104 million baht As of December 31, 2022, OR had total assets of Baht 225,504 million. The investment budget for 2023 was set at 31,000 million baht. Overall, the overall growth of the business is expected to be good this year. Due to the economic and tourism environment that is likely to improve, while the company's fourth quarter 2021 operating results showed sales and service revenue of 206,268 million baht. 11,473 million baht increase (+5.9%) from the previous quarter, primarily due to an increase in oil sales volumes and an increase in demand as economic activity recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic. Advertising, public relations and promotional expenses, as well as impairment of investments in Myanmar. All of these factors contributed to OR's net loss of 744 million baht. Finansia Cyrus Securities OR announced a fourth quarter net loss of Baht 741 million, which was lower than the market expectation, but if stock loss and impairment items were eliminated, normal profit would be Baht 664 million. This was down 14% from the previous quarter and 65% from the same period last year due to the loss of the oil business, while non-oil had a lower profit. However, there is a chance that it will pass the low point before gradually recovering this year. The Government agreed to adjust the fuel marketing fee to normal levels after the situation of high oil prices last year was resolved. As a result, the oil business will be profitable again. We maintain a target price of 26 baht, recommending "buy" securities analysts. UOB Kay Hian Securities (Thailand) OR reported a loss of 744 million baht in the fourth quarter of 2018. It comes from lower marketing costs. Despite the increase in revenue due to the increase in sales, it was not enough to offset the increase in costs, with the company reporting a fourth-quarter marketing fee of 0.48 baht per liter. We expect sales to increase by 4% from the same period last year due to the expansion of domestic car sales and increased economic activity, maintaining the buy recommendation with a target price of 33.00 baht.
Senator Sathit suggested that the mission of being an SME bank must be different from that of a commercial bank.|"Senator Sathit" suggested that the mission of the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand must be different from that of commercial banks, reflecting the voices of past SMEs. Members of the Senate (Senate) Discusses the role and importance of the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand (SME Bank) After the Senate considered the 2021 Annual Business Report, Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account, the Bank said that in the current context, the Bank is considered one of the important mechanisms for the country's economic recovery because SME is considered the backbone of the country's growing economy and enhances development. "The Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand is considered a very important bank because there are many SMEs in Thailand and the most important thing for SME business is the source of funds. It is not only a good source of financing for SMEs. According to the Bank, there is a guideline on knowledge along with being a source of financing, because being a source of funds and not providing knowledge cannot make the SME repay its debts. Because the goal of becoming a bank is when lending to customers. The customer must have the ability to repay the debt. The Bank's approach to business consulting means that it builds the ability to repay debts to those customers. More importantly, SMEs can thrive as one of the country's pillars." MR. SATHIT SAID SPONSORED MR. SATHIT CONTINUED THAT HE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO MEET WITH MANY SMES, WHO APPRECIATED THAT THE BANK HAS TAKEN GOOD CARE OF BOTH IN TERMS OF FUNDING AND GIVING. Consultation, both on the bank's own conduct and on behalf of the SME fund in the management of the fund, has always worked well and should continue to do so. However, it is suggested that the Bank, which calls itself the Development Bank, is correct because all specialized financial institutions, not just SME banks, but also Government Savings Bank, Agricultural Bank and Agricultural Cooperatives and Housing Bank, etc., are all development banks. Therefore, it is different from commercial banks, which have commercial purposes. When it is a development bank like this, it cannot adhere to the same standards as all commercial banks. Because if so, the philosophy of existence in which the bank is developing will be gone. Development banks must be able to assist SMEs who are unable to access financing from conventional commercial banks. Because if you have access to the same sources of financing as commercial banks. The existence of the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand will also have no significant implications.
Chinese tourists come to Thailand very hard. Shop Brand Name Concerts, surgery, beauty salons|Alipay reveals trends of Chinese tourists coming to Thailand Pay heavy, brand-name shop, love concerts, five-star hotels, beauty salons and surgery, KTC recommends shops to use KTC payment service. - Alipay Mr. Sittipong Kittiprapapong, General Manager of Alipay (Thailand) Co., Ltd., said that in the past one month since China opened its doors, the company has been able to increase its sales channels. Based on data collected during Chinese New Year 2023. We have seen a 150% increase in payments worldwide, especially in Southeast Asia, where Thailand has the highest volume of Alipay, especially in the provinces where Chinese tourists prefer to travel, such as Bangkok, Pattaya, Chiang Mai and Phuket. For GEN who like to travel in this way, it will be gen Z group, average age 25-30 years, and millennial group 30-40 years old, who use digital to do everything through smartphones. According to the data, if a Chinese person stays for about 5 days, spending about 20,000 baht per person per trip and there is a chance that there will be more spending." Spend through hospitals for health care, surgery or cosmetic treatment." Thailand has the highest volume of Alipay's payments. The addition of innovative digital payment services through Alipay will also help increase sales channels. Krungthai Card Public Company Limited (KTC) member merchant business management division said that in 2022, KTC's merchant acquiring business business volume increased by 20% in line with the ongoing economic recovery, especially in the restaurant and tourism businesses. It is expected that by the end of 2023, KTC-Alipay payment service has the opportunity to grow further, with KTC targeting 100,000 million baht or at least 20% growth compared to 2022. Both brick-and-mortar shops and online stores in a variety of businesses such as restaurants, shopping malls, souvenir shops, and hotels for Alipay and KTC services. It has the hallmarks of superior service over others. We have a team to help upload product or service information and store locations through the Alipay platform with navigation to promote KTC's member stores and help Alipay users find store locations more conveniently. KTC MEMBER MERCHANTS WILL RECEIVE MONEY THE NEXT DAY AND PROVIDE 24/7 CARE.
Thai stocks today, February 16, 2023, ended the morning up 10.69 points, the index was at 1,658 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the morning up 10.69. The index is at 1,658.08. Turnover 37,499.69 On February 16, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 10.69, a change of 0.65%, to 1,658.08. The turnover was 37,499.69 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Osotspa Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. J.M.T. Network Company Limited Services Public Company Limited 5. Pure Energy Public Company Limited.
Department of Internal Trade brakes operators to raise the price of ready-made diapers for children and adults|The Department of Internal Trade has called on 7 operators to ban raising the price of ready-made diapers for children and adults. After the cost was not very high on February 16, 2023. The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce, said that in the case of the news that ready-made diaper operators, both children and adults, will ask for a price hike from the beginning of March 2023. The Department has invited relevant entrepreneurs to participate in the discussion and asked for cooperation to keep the price of goods the same. The company participated as follows: DSG Plc. International (Thailand) Baby Love Diapers Adult Diapers Surtenty Unicharm (Thailand) Baby Diaper Mamie Poko Adult Diaper Lifery Co., Ltd. Modern Soft Products Co., Ltd. Adult Diapers iCare Kao Industrial (Thailand) Merries Baby Diapers Co., Ltd. Procter & Gamble Trading Co., Ltd. or P&Flirt in Kimberley-Clarke Co., Ltd. Thailand Huggies Baby Diapers Co., Ltd. Fuberg Industrial (Thailand) Tino Baby Diapers An An'an Care and Phil-free adult diapers. The Department has been informed of the higher production costs of enterprises previously. Whether it is the cost of electricity. However, the current situation In the production cost of enterprises benefited from the strong baht, resulting in lower costs of imported raw materials and a decrease in oil prices, the Department has asked for cooperation in fixing the price of goods at the same price. In order not to aggravate the public, the company also asked for cooperation in bringing promotional products for sale in conjunction with the project of the Ministry of Commerce through the Blue Flag Mobile Vehicle. Commercial sales throughout Thailand, department stores Retail stores and local department stores have discussed to organize discount promotions to continuously increase the cost of living for consumers from participating in the Ministry of Commerce's program. 10-15% from the end of last year to the presentSPONSORED. The Department of Internal Trade will closely monitor the situation. In order for the manufacturers of products to adjust the price according to the reduced cost as well. However, it must be admitted that it cannot be reduced immediately, as previously entrepreneurs had to freeze the price of goods in order to help the people during the period of rising production costs. Therefore, the Department must consider carefully and provide fairness to entrepreneurs as well, but in the future there is a possibility that many products will decline further.
The Flying Turtle Kiosk Group will launch 5,000 GINKA EV charging cabinets this year, hoping to become the new S-Curve.|Mr. Pongchai Amtananon Chief Executive Officer, Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited "FSMART" It was revealed that after the fort group's success from the "Boon Fill" cabinet. The company has invented and developed from the R&D team and continuously looking for technological and innovation opportunities to keep up with the needs of users until the creation of EV charging cabinets such as GINKA Charge Point, which the company believes will be the new S-Curve and gradually generate revenue from this year onwards. The service fee varies from area to area, while the highlight of the GINKA EV charging cabinet is the combination of payment innovation and a modern user experience between Boon Tom and Tao Fly. As follows:1. No need to load the application, easy payment via mobile banking, E-wallet or Ginka credit notification via sms when fully charged, which is the unique patent of flying turtle2. Automatic wiring system facilitates during charging3. There are 2 dispensers in one charging dock. Does not reduce power when charging the car simultaneously. INCREASE THE RESPONSE TO THE NEEDS OF SPONSORED USERS IN THE TARGET SEGMENT THIS YEAR. The company aims to install a total of 5,000 AC charging points nationwide, focusing on indoor areas such as offices, condos, shopping malls. It is expected to be available in April and in the future, dc system which is fast charge via DC which will be installed along motorways.
 Did you know that McDonald's French fries and cheese dips in Thailand were created by the legendary Red Box dessert? |McDonald’s McDonald's has developed french fries and cheesedips to make them popular in the market, but few know that Mac's cheese dip is produced by KCG Corporation Public Company Limited or the owner of "Imperial". Not only are they good for more than 45 years, but KCG has the ability to innovate as a secret weapon for the company, having experience in food production and distribution in a comprehensive way, and able to work with customers to develop "French fries and cheese dip", a product that KCG has partnered with McDonald's. McDonald's has developed this product. Cheddar Cheese is the main ingredient in the product in spread, both cups and bags. Under the brand KCG's unique formula "Imperial" has set up a team to take care of B2B customers to develop new products, also known as menu creation, for customers. As of September 30, 2022, KCG Creative Center consists of 5 chefs and 41 R&D staff. In the past, the company has developed products with customers of many brands. NSL, McDonald's and Bar-B-Q Plaza 
Know it. Money Sucking App, Thai Bankers Association takes it to the extreme 500 million damage found|Thai Bankers' Association joins forces with public-private organizations Enhanced protection measures against scams to install money-sucking apps After causing damage to the public worth about 500 million baht, Mr. Yoss Kimsawat The chairman of the Payment Systems Office, Thai Bankers Association, said that scammers are now taking money from the public more realistically and have a variety of techniques. As a result, there are many victims of victimization. With damages estimated at 500 million baht and likely to increase, the Thai Bankers' Association has cooperated with various agencies, both public and private. Enhanced protection measures against fraudsters to help the public by the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society, mobile signal providers such as True AIS, DTAC and NT, social media providers such as LINE, have jointly implemented the following actions: - Check off fake lines of banks - Control and manage fake SMS sender names - Block malicious URLs - Discuss with member banks to develop security systems and share common security techniques and prevention approaches, such as developing prevention and control of mobile banking applications. Timely suppression of damage Suspicious accounts can be blocked without waiting for Mr. Chatchawat's report. Asavarakwong Chairman of the Board Security Coordination Center The Banking Information Technology (TB-CERT) added that most of the scams that deceive people to get damaged by money-sucking apps are carried out in three ways: 1. SMS is the use of names like or similar to various agencies, and social media to trick them into giving prize money and loans, or to persuade dating and to add (add) fake line accounts of fraudsters2. Trick the user into installing a fake app (installation file extension .apk) using the accessibility service capability of the Android operating system, which, once any application is authorized to run under the Accessibility Service, can access and control mobile operations on behalf of the user. This function is therefore the main mechanism of the fraudster to control the victim's mobile 3. Control the victim's mobile phone and exploit it by using a fake app to connect to the fraudster's device. There are 3 forms of money-sucking apps that fraudsters use to deceive the public: - Tricking the victim into installing remote applications from the Play Store such as TeamViewer, AnyDesk, etc., and then the fraudsters will remotely view and control the victim's mobile phone to transfer money immediately (this happens a lot in mid-2022)- Dangerous applications (.apk) Once installed, the victim's mobile screen will freeze. The thief remotely controls the victim's mobile phone and immediately transfers money out, such as DSI application, revenue department, Lion-Air, etc. Thai Life Assurance, Ministry of Commerce (remains the most used form of fraudsters)- Malicious application (.apk) that controls the victim's mobile Wait for people to accidentally transfer money and then secretly transfer money out later, such as dating application Bumble, Snapchat (still a format used by fraudsters). Security Coordination Center The Banking Information Technology (TB-CERT) advises the bank to protect against fraudsters that there are landmarks to be aware of: - Fraudsters will advise victims to copy links to open in Chrome Browser to access fake websites- While installing a scammer's application The mobile phone will ask for the right to install an unknown app- Scammers try to set a PIN several times, hoping that the victim accidentally sets the PIN to duplicate the PIN used to access the bank's mobile banking application- Trick the victim into opening accessibility privileges by inviting them to talk until they do not read the warning content. Check your mobile to see if an application running under accessibility service is open by making sure we know and know the reason for activating every program. If you don't know, close it quickly.2. Enable Google Play Protect to check for installation of malicious applications. Install endpoint protection or antivirus applications on your mobile phone to intercept and prevent malicious applications or malware for those who are fooled into becoming victims of fraudsters, immediately proceed to shut down the power by pressing force-reset, which is to press and hold the Power and Volume Down buttons at the same time for 10-20 seconds. Turn off Wi-Fi after that, contact your bank and report it immediately. Therefore, in order to stay safe from scams, people should always keep in mind 8 safe behaviors to reduce the risk of scammers as follows: SPONSORED1. Secure devices - Do not use unsecured mobile phones to conduct financial transactions, such as root/jailbreak, or use devices with outdated operating systems and set screen locks.2. 3. Secure identity - Do not disclose personal information in the public media more than necessary. Secure Code - Set up a password that is not too easy. Unique to common use codes and not telling others4. Communicate safely - Do not give personal information to strangers and do not show up first. If asked, check the interlocutor for sure.5. Connect securely - Do not make financial transactions via public Wi-Fi signal or for free6. Download or install apps only from sources that are certified by the official store developer, such as the Play Store or App Store. Without clicking from the link and checking the application's permission and observing the application for permission to access the device or information that is not relevant to the purpose of use and to the type of operation of the application7. Be mindful before every transaction. Read the warning message on your mobile phone carefully. Do not click links from SMS, Chat, or emails sent from unknown or untrusted sources8. Study and follow the news of technology usage on a regular basis by regularly checking the settings, not installing unknown apps and using antivirus software.
Thai Airways cancels flights to Germany on February 16-17, 2023 after airport employees went on strike|Thai Airways International Public Company Limited (THAI) announced the cancellation of flights to the Federal Republic of Germany between February 16-17, 2023, due to the suspension of flights from Frankfurt Airport and Munich Airport due to the impact of the strike of airport employees across Germany on February 17, 2023. The route to Bangkok-Frankfurt and the roundtrip route to Bangkok-Munich are as follows:1. Flight TG920 from Bangkok-Frankfurt on 16 Feb 2019, flight TG921 from Frankfurt-Bangkok on 17 Feb 2020, flight TG922 from Bangkok-Frankfurt on 17 Feb 2021, flight TG923 from Frankfurt-Bangkok on 17 Feb 2022, flight TG924 from Bangkok-Munich on 17 Feb 23 6. Flight TG925 from Munich-Bangkok on 17 thaiairways.com Feb 23. Daily (24 hours)
Pushing "flying turtles" into the stock market this year, Fort launched "Chameleon", an automatic EV charging point.|FORTH is preparing to push "flying turtles" into the stock market this year, with Go Inter entering the international market. Aiming to install 20,000 containers by 2025, pushing sales of 1 million cups a day This year, 10,000 cabinets have been installed. From the present there are 5 thousand cabinets. FSMART launches "Chameleon", an automatic EV charging point, aiming to install 5,000 points this year in condos and office buildings throughout the city. Managing Director of Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited (FSMART) revealed that the company has launched "Chameleon" or "GINKA Charge Point", an automatic electric vehicle (EV) charging kiosk or automatic EV charging point, targeting office buildings and residential condominiums. Service System After-sales service with a total investment budget of 200-300 million baht. With highlights Easy to use and charge without registering the application, just scan and pay via mobile banking and charge. The service fee depends on the agreement with the landlord, which should not exceed 6.50 baht per unit, compared to the market price of 7.5 baht per unit. For the business overview of FSMART, it is expected that the total revenue will grow by 5-10% from the top-up and payment business, which will also expand by 5-10% from 130,000 service points. This year, the investment budget is set at 1,000-1,500 million baht. The investment in the comprehensive financial business is 1,000 million baht. EV charging 200-300 million baht and top-up business 200-300 million baht. The Ceo of FSMART's parent company, FORTH, revealed that the company is in the process of changing the name of Fort Vending Co., Ltd., a subsidiary company that provides vending machines for "Tao Bin", to the name of Fort Beverage Co., Ltd. due to plans to expand its business overseas and prepare to list the company on the stock exchange later this year. The company is in talks with partners to bring "flying turtle" kiosks overseas, starting from Singapore and Malaysia in Q2 this year and Indonesia in Q3. The company has sold 200,000 cups per day or nearly 7 million baht, and plans to install 5,000 more "flying turtle" cabinets per year, bringing the total to 10,000 by the end of this year and 20,000 by 2025 nationwide. Aim to sell 1 million cups a day As for the plan to bring "Flying Turtle" to raise capital into the stock market, the financial advisor is preparing to file a registration statement for the offering of securities (filing). The company will file with the SEC at the beginning of the third quarter of this year and expects to raise funds to put the shares on the market later this year. FORTH currently holds a 45% stake in Fort Vending Co., Ltd., and plans to bring its subsidiary, Fort EMS Co., Ltd., which is engaged in the design, assembly and manufacture of electronic circuit boards and is also a distributor of aircraft, raising funds for the stock market later this year.
"B.Grimm Power" attacks Italy! Expanding "Renewable Energy" Business|Reporters report that B.Grimm Power Public Company Limited or B.Grimm Power, Thailand's leading industrial power producer. Acquired a 100% stake in RES Company Sicilia S.r.l, a renewable energy business in Italy, with a total investment of EUR 10,000 to expand its renewable energy business in Italy. It is under study and is being implemented to invest in power plant projects. Solar total capacity 100-200 MW In Italy Mr. Harald Link, Chief Executive Officer of B.Grimm Power, said that the acquisition allows B.Grimm Power to expand its investment in renewable energy projects in Italy.
TCEB launches 5-year plan to push Thai MICE industry to MICE world|Mr. Jirut Isarangkur Na Ayutthaya, Director of Thailand Convention and Exhibition Bureau (Public Organization) or TCEB He said the global MICE industry is likely to recover after the countries were regained. TCEB has a five-year action plan 2023-2027 that supports and promotes the MICE industry. Under the strategy, TCEB Go aims to have a total of 160 million MICE travelers. It is estimated that more than 945 billion baht of total revenue will be added to Thailand through the TCEB Go strategic action plan that will drive the MICE industry and make Thailand the destination of the world's MICE destination. Aiming to push Thailand to be a leader in global MICE events. With the pulling of international events in Thailand such as the Udon Thani World Horticultural Expo 2026, as well as bidding for the rights to the Ministry of Finance to pull the Annual Meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank Group 2026, as well as bidding for the right to host the Nakhon Ratchasima World Horticultural Expo 2029 and the bid to host Expo 2028, Phuket Thailand is also planning to expand its market base in Israel and the Middle East, such as the UAE, Central Asian markets such as Kazakhstan, while maintaining the existing market that is the main market in Asia Pacific. For example, CLMV markets in India, Malaysia, Indonesia, Korea, Japan and China, followed by North America and Europe. There were 183,618 foreign MICE travelers generating 12,028 million baht and 7,750,481 domestic MICE travelers generating 16,500 million baht. The operating target for fiscal year 2023 is expected to total 18,550,000 MICE travelers, generating 109 billion baht in revenue.
Pushing Thailand IX service to transform Thailand into an ASEAN digital hub to connect global data|National Telecommunications pushes Thailand IX to connect data to access content more easily Preparing to expand peering member to transform Thailand into a digital hub in ASEAN, linking global data Mr. Trairat Charoensak Planning and Engineering Manager Thailand IX Data Center Operations Department, National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT), said that nowadays, there are more internet users and content. In addition to reducing investment costs, we can also connect to data in a faster and more efficient manner by NT's Thailand IX or TH-IX services, which are the main content providers that internet users in Thailand regularly use, such as Alibaba, Akamai, Amazon Web Services, CloudFlare, Huawei Cloud, Microsoft, Riot Games, Tencent, Twitch TV and Zenlayer. THIS SAVES EVEN MORE TIME BECAUSE OF DIRECT ACCESS TO CONTENT IN THAILAND. Thailand IX can meet the needs of this business, both reducing costs and allowing easier and faster access to content for internet connection with Thailand IX from being an Internet Exchange with peering members and a variety of connectors, enabling connectors to exchange Internet Traffic efficiently, low latency time, low hop count, as well as economical connection costs compared to connecting via IP Transit service abroad or connecting directly to each content provider. Thailand IX is able to provide continuous service at all times, including the government's support for the digital economy policy, which makes Thailand IX's services meet the needs and be ready to support the growth of the connected content business easily and quickly. More economical and convenient
UOB sends car registration pledge loans to meet market needs Low interest rate and high credit limit|UOB Thailand UOB Car2Cash car registration pledge loan to meet the market needs Low interest rate, high credit limit Mr. Teerawat Triratdilokkul UOB Thailand's Executive Vice President of Card Payments and Unsecured Products said: Secured personal loans increased by 19% compared to 2021 and currently stands at 5 million accounts. As consumer costs have increased, we have increased the option for customers to access cash quickly, so we have launched UOB Car2Cash car registration loan products to meet the needs of customers who already own a car and need a car registration loan quickly. To provide customers with a variety of financial solutions.  For such loans, the low interest rate starts at 0.45% per month and lasts up to 72 months, allowing customers to borrow up to 100% of the appraised value of the car without transferring the registration book.
Gold price today, February 17, 2023, opened Friday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Friday morning 17 Feb 23, 2023 Price increase 50 for "gold bullion" price sold out 29,900 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,400 baht per baht. On February 17, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.25 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,800 baht per baht. Baht 29,900 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,258.80 baht per baht. Baht 30,400 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,900 baht Sell out 14,950 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,629.4 baht Sell out 15,200 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,450 Baht Sell Out 7,475 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,314.7 Baht Sell Out 7,600 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,725 Baht Sell Out 3,737.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slung Buy 3,657.35 Baht Sell Out 3,800 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Red Bull raises TCP price, just adjust classic formula from 10 baht to 12 baht|TCP would like to increase the price of "Red Bull" classic formula from 10 baht to 12 baht starting 1 March 2023, while other formulas remain the same price on 17 February 2023. Global Marketing Director (F&B), TCP Business Group, said Red Bull had pegged the price of beverages at the same price for as long as possible. Therefore, we need to adjust the price of the classic Red Bull from 10 baht to 12 baht from March 1, 2023. The other 3 formulas remained at the same price of 10 baht as an alternative to consumers. Currently, Red Bull Glass Bottles are available in 4 recipes: Red Bull Classic, Red Bull Extra ABC (Red Cap), Red Bull Extra Zinc (black cap) and Red Bull Theoplex-L (small bottle Red Bull).
Thai stocks today, February 17, 2023, closed the morning stock market, down 6.20 points, the index was at 1,652 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 6.20 points at 1,652.09 points. Turnover 29,976.75 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 17, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 6.20 percent. The index was at 1,652.09. The turnover was 29,976.75 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. J Mart Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited.
BVG traded hot on the first day with a jump of 64.94%.  |BVG enters brutal form, first day trade jumps 64%, financial advisors point to Xian Hong incident The management believes VI holds shares because the business is interesting, the stock trading movement of Blue Venture Group Public Company Limited or BVG to be traded on the mai stock exchange, opening trading at 6.35 baht, rising above the subscription price of 3.85 baht per share or an increase of 64.94%. The Stock Exchange of Thailand has reported the shareholding ranking of the top 10 major shareholders, finding that there are 2 large investors who come to hold shares, either Mr. Sataporn Ngamruangpong or Xian Hong. Title holder Mr. Sian Smart Stocks holds 5.1 million shares or 1.3% of the total shares, while Mr. Sompong Chonlakrongkul or Siapu holds 5 million shares or 1.1% of the total shares. In addition, there are 2 companies listed on the Thai stock market, either Ditto (Thailand) Public Company Limited or DITTO holding 10 million shares or 2.22% of the total shares. Engineering & Management Public Company Limited acquired 10 million shares or 2.22% of the total shares of Mrs. Nawarat Wongthitirat. Chief Executive Officer, Blueventure Group Public Company Limited He said that today's trading has received positive feedback from investors. In terms of business growth, there is a lot of growth. At present, Thailand has 3.8 million insurance claims per year, with 1.5 million insurance claims per year or 60% of the total claims. The Company will develop AI and information systems to expand the Group's business. Expand business to ASEAN countries By investing or joint venture with other companies and using it as working capital for the Group's operations. For large investors who come to hold shares, it comes from the financial advisor who allocates the shares, not from the company's side. He may have confidence in the business so he took over Ms. Patchaporn Sankaburanurak's shares. managing director Investment Banking Department KGI Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited BVG's share price movement on the first day was well received by investors, but the FA still believes that it still reflects the positive factors of the business because there is a strong growth opportunity. As for the channel of acquisition of shares of large investors, it must be clarified that it is in accordance with the normal allocation of shares of the company allocated to all investors, which such investors may have a high turnover and therefore are allocated shares.
Thai stocks today, February 17, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 6.62, the index stood at 1,651.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed the afternoon down 6.62. The index is at 1,651.67. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 17, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index fell by 6.62 million baht. The index was at 1,651.67. The index peaked at 1,657.02. The index is at a low of 1,643.82. The turnover was 53,413.46 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. PTT Public Company Limited 3. J Mart Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
"A life worth it" for the former Governor of the Bank of Thailand| supreet suwannik Puay Economic Research Institute I sincerely hope that what happened to me will not create a bad role model that will happen again in the future, a bad example is that the governor must be under the domination, satisfied by politicians, to stay. At any time, the Bank of Thailand is free from the freedom to carry out its policies as stipulated in the law. Whenever a governor has to appease a politician in order to stay in office. Then the dignity of the National Bank will not be left, and the country's economic survival will be shattered further..."This strong and firm statement is the statement of Mr. Nukul Prachuapsorn, the 13th former Governor of the Bank of Thailand (term of office from November 1, 1979 to September 13, 1984). In a letter ending his last day in office, he wrote in an autobiographical book titled "A Life Worthy." On Sunday, February 5, Mr. Nukul Prachuapsorn passed away peacefully at the age of 93. Therefore, I would like to convey a brief anecdote during his tenure as Governor to pay tribute and dedicate this article to you. Both before and after his tenure as Governor of the Bank of Thailand. Mr. Nukul has gone through a variety of works both domestically and internationally, with memories that many of you who know or have studied history usually have for Mr. Nukul. As a public servant who maintains accuracy and fairness before his liking, Mr. Nukul was interviewed in the special issue of Phra Siam Journal in 2013 to reminisce about the crisis situation during his tenure as governor: "I was a governor during a poor nation, the bot was marginal, inside there was a problem with finance companies, there was a problem of inflation, deflation, and at the same time. Although this doesn't usually happen... And one big problem is that international reserves are limited. There is also the problem of commercial banking finance companies having a lame position, such as Asia Trust, where national banks have to take over. Finance companies that need to step in to help When it comes to finding capital, it's hard to get involved. Look carefully, there are problems all the time. No old problems, new problems come in. Fix it step by step, at least improve financial stability. The high inflation rate of nearly 20 percent dropped to less than 1 percent when I left the bank," said Dr. Pisit Leeatham, who worked closely with Mr. Nukul. He made a book that we called "Green Saber" because he liked to sign his name in green ink, sending it to the minister to adjust the fiscal to fit in. It is rare for a national executive to tell politicians to solve this kind of problem." There was a serious disagreement between Mr. Nukul and the then Finance Minister, who proposed to the Cabinet to remove Mr. Nukul from office on September 11, 1984. It has resulted in you going to the eucharist.
People use cars with dry smiles, tomorrow "fuel prices". Gasohol group has all kinds of increases.|Announcement of "oil price" increase for all gasohol groups by 30 st. Hi Premium 97 by 40 st. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Feb. 17, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. , Hi Premium 97 up 40 satang/litre Meanwhile, the diesel price remained the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 18 February 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.55 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.28 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.24 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.69 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 34.44 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Who is looking for a place to travel this way? TAT launches "Travel Together Phase 5"|TAT Governor Yuthasak Supasorn said the TAT is preparing to launch a new program to stimulate the economy. "We Travel Together Phase 5" was earlier from March 8, 2023 to March 7, 2023. People who have never registered for the We Travel Together program in Phase 1 -4 can register for the program from February 27-2. March 2023 at 06.00-21.00 hrs. www.We Travel Together.com While those who have signed up for the We Travel Together program Participants can start traveling between March 10 and April 30, 2023, and the user must book directly with the operator at least 3 days in advance of the arrival date and pay 60% of the accommodation fee via G Wallet on the Pao Tang application, which is designated as a nationwide trip. Entrepreneurs and people interested in applying for the "We Travel Together Phase 5" project For more information, please contact TAT Contact Center at 1672 Travel Buddy or ask for the money bag and paotang application usage system. Call 0-2111-1122.
Hackers wade through the state web. Education agencies are the most targeted attacks.|Mr. Chaiwut Thanakmanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) Refer to the results of the Meeting of the National Cyber Security Committee (NCPO) or the Cybersecurity Committee. Over the past year, more than 500 cyber threats have been identified against agencies in Thailand, mostly website hacking, accounting for about two-thirds of all attacks. IN ADDITION, 20 GOVERNMENT MINISTRIES HAVE BEEN FOUND TO HAVE HACKED WEBSITES AND ATTACKED DATA BY EMBEDDING MORE THAN 30 MILLION ONLINE GAMBLING SITE ADVERTISING SCRIPTS IN HOPES OF GETTING SEARCH RESULTS THROUGH GOOGLE. THE NCPO HAS PRESENTED SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM MEASURES TO THE CABINET TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM MORE QUICKLY, AS WELL AS MONITORING AND SUPPORTING THE RESOLUTION OF VARIOUS MINISTRIES TO REDUCE THE NUMBER OF ATTACKS. Seduction of the public through various tactics, including creating fake websites, publishing malware, money-sucking apps. Sending e-mail with sender domain spoofing Sending SMS sms to counterfeit senders and using line accounts to impersonate government agencies or private companies, which causes a lot of damage to the public. Don't be fooled easily if you see a scam. You can notify the Ministry of DES at 1212".
How AI has changed the world?|In 2023, artificial intelligence (AI) became a widely used mainstream technology. Especially talking about ChatGPT in a variety of ways, and a talent show that shows that it can be done in many professions. It helps humans to work effectively in many ways, but more than these technologies have gained this recognition. In 1956, the concept of Artificial intelligence was presented and included as one of the first computer science research fields by John McCarthy and Marvin Minsky at the Dartmouth Summer Research Project on Artificial Intelligence (DSRPAI) seminar. From 1974 to 1980, the ai-cold era, also known as AI Winter, saw governments and businesses stop funding projects due to James Lighthill's research that suggested ai didn't have enough potential to generate returns. With two limitations: storage memory space and massive data processing speeds that the computer's potential at the time could not achieve.sponsored in 1997The Deep Blue phenomenon, a computer program designed to play chess games, developed by IBM, was able to defeat the world chess champion Garry Kasparov, the Russian created a buzz that became the talk of the world media at the time. It inspires people around the world to know the potential of AI to beat people's brains. With a program set up to solve complex chess games. This gives developers an insight into how computers can be designed to deal with problems in other fields, using in-depth knowledge to analyze a growing number of possible solutions. Deep Blue's structure has been applied to financial modeling, including market trends and risk analysis of 2011. The technology in Watson is a big step forward from Deep Blue because it is software that can process and justify human language based on vast amounts of data. This shows that human-artificial intelligence interaction is possible in 2016, the AlphaGo phenomenon, a computer program that can defeat Lee Sedol, the world champion of chess (Go). South Koreans were the first of its kind in the world. Developed by DeepMind, the results of the competition have won 4 out of 5 games. Train with a database of many amateur go-goers to understand human gameplay, and then compete against yourself to learn mistakes and strengthen your next play. This victory earned AlphaGO the "Big Bang of Artificial Intelligence" because it was the point of people talking about Singularity, where technological development transcends human abilities and competes with humans. The term appears in a book written by Google's director of engineering, How Computer Programs Can Beat Humans in Sophisticated Games. It further underscores the possibility that the potential of AI to transcend its limitations to replace humans. Developed by Microsoft-funded startup OpenAI, it uses the GPT3 large-language processing model and is trained in reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) to answer questions in conversational form. Accepting errors and arguing hypotheses, as well as writing text in different ways, as well as being able to solve code, models will improve intelligence as a result of greater usage. With a wide range of capabilities beyond chatbots, ChatGPT quickly gained popularity from both users and technology companies interested in venture capital. Google, a search engine market that has been pressured by the arrival of smart chatbots that many consider to disrupt business, has announced the launch of its own Bard Chatbot. These technologies have been continuously developed since 1956 as a tool to help solve problems and drive the human economy. It begins by mimicking the brain system to understand human behavior and thoughts. While it has not yet been able to fully mimic brain activity, over the decades AI has been developed to strengthen, reduce defects in what humans cannot, instead of trying to mimic brain activity. The emergence of ChatGPT underscores the importance of AI as a part of human life, in line with the views of Microsoft billionaire founder Bill gates, who sees artificial intelligence as a technology that completely revolutionizes human life. As a result of the growth rate of AI now, it can have a broad impact, in other words, as technology changes the world, just like the emergence of the InternetSPONSORED References Business Standard, Harvard, IBM, forbes, deepmind.
The lottery board gives green light, the last 2-3 lottery numbers are expected to be available for sale by 2023.|Lottery fans look forward to the green light lottery board, the last 2-3 numbers of lottery numbers are prepared to offer. On February 18, 2023, there was a progress report on the issuance of 3-digit government lottery products (Number 3 : N3) and 6-digit government lottery (Lottery 6: L6), which the Lottery Office submitted to the Ministry of Finance for consideration and presented to the Cabinet for comment. At this time, the Ministry of Finance has asked the Lottery Office to prepare more details for the Lottery Committee to approve once again and send it back to the Ministry of Finance for further action. It was further reported that yesterday (February 17, 2023) Mr. Lawran Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department As chairman of the Government Lottery Committee, he said the lottery board meeting approved the guidelines. L6 lottery with 6 digits sold at 80 baht is a digital lottery format that does not need to be published to bring some tickets for sale in the app and the last 2-3 numbers of lottery tickets are a prize collectible figure priced at 50 baht. Big Toe, 2 Prizes and Jackpot Prizes Hopefully, when presented to the Ministry of Finance, they will be presented at the meeting. The Cabinet considers soon to launch the sale of 2-3 last numbers by 2023, for the issuance of prizes with 2-3 last numbers, it may be used hybridly, mixed with both paper sales and through the Pao Tang app to allow dealers to wander around and record in the system. Send the information to the Lottery Office for the preparation of jackpot prizes or the selling price per unit of 50 baht? Must be offered. THE MINISTER WILL CONSIDER FURTHER SOON TO SEE THE CLARITY AGAIN.SPONSORED
Thailand's GDP growth in 2022 was only 2.6%, exports fell to 3.2% this year.|NESDB announces GDP growth of 2.6% in 2022, lower than expected by 3.2% due to global economic shock in Q4 due to COVID-19 Widespread outbreak in China Meanwhile, exports this year are definitely negative. Therefore, the economic target for 2023 grew by 3.2%, down from 3.5%, indicating that there is a technical recession. Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) Gross domestic product (GDP) for the full year 2022 grew by 2.6%, up from 1.5% in 2021, but lower than the forecast of 3.2% growth due to the slowing global economy faster than expected and being very volatile. In particular, exports continued to contract. As a result, GDP in Q4/2022 grew by only 1.4%, slowing from the 4.6% growth in Q3/2022. Once the results of the season have been adjusted. The Thai economy in Q4/2022 was negative 1.5% from Q3/2022, and to avoid technical recession or negative GDP for 2 consecutive quarters. In this quarter, we will have to accelerate merchandise exports, accelerate the manufacturing sector and promote tourism so that the GDP of the first quarter of 2023 will expand from the previous target of 3.5%, while the GDP forecast for the whole year 2023 will be in the range of 2.7-3.7%, with a median value of 3.2%, down from the previous target of 3.5%. In the fourth quarter of 2022, GDP grew by only 1.4% as merchandise exports fell by 10.3% to USD 65,814 million, down 7.5% compared to 6.7% growth in the previous quarter. In 2023, exports in dollar terms are expected to be negative 1.6% compared to 5.5% growth in 2022, with export volumes expected to decline by 0.6% from the previous forecast of 1%. We now need to produce new products in line with the target industries more concretely, as well as accelerate the negotiation of free trade agreements (FTAs) more than we are now negotiating with the European Union." In 2022, gross domestic product (GDP) stood at 17.4 trillion baht ($495 billion), up from 16.2 trillion baht ($505 billion) in 2021, and the GDP per capita of Thais averaged 248,635.3 baht per person per year ($7,089.7 per person per year), up from 231,986.1 baht per person per year ($7,254.1 per person per year). The NESDB said that all bureaus analyzed the economic growth rate in 2022 completely wrong, as a result of the 4Q22 global economy slowing faster and stronger than expected, which is called a shock because of the COVID-19 pandemic. And Beijing is still in the process of opening or closing the country. This affects the supply chain of goods and affects Thai exports. Fill pitayapaisit The Finance Minister said that although the Thai economy will expand by 2.6% in 2022, he believes that the Thai economy will expand by 3.5% in 2023 due to the low base. This is coupled with the recovery in domestic consumption. At the same time, investment must be accelerated. As for exports, despite the decline in volume, Thailand still benefited from the weak baht, which is also good for the economy. However, what needs to be accelerated is exports to ASEAN markets. It is a big market, and border trade should not be overlooked. The shortage of raw materials is a global problem, especially electronic components such as mobile production are not produced in one country, but from many sources, so manufacturers have to find new sources to reduce shortages and be able to export.
Frasers Property adapts its strategy to Real Estate as a Service, driven by technological innovation|Mr. Thanapol Sirithanachai Chief Executive Officer of Frasers Property (Thailand) Public Company Limited (FPT) revealed at the opening press conference of the FPT Next 2025 roadmap that thailand's real estate business today faces all-round challenges at the macroeconomic level. Recession, such as soaring inflation, has caused central banks around the world to raise interest rates. As a result, the financial tree rises accordingly. Overall, there are also challenges from the fact that in this market there are new players and increased customer demand. Therefore, if only one sector of business is conducted, it cannot be flexible. In 2025, it is expected that revenue will be around 21,195 million baht from 3 segments: low-rise real estate projects of 14,625 million baht or 69%, warehouses of 4,874 million baht or 23%, and office buildings for rent of 1,696 million baht or 8%. IT WILL USE TECHNOLOGY TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITIES OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER, WHETHER SPONSORED AT THE SAME TIME, TO SUPPORT THE USAGE PATTERNS OF MODERN PEOPLE WHO REQUIRE HIGH FLEXIBILITY. The Company has continued to innovate its services in the office building business under the concept of Core & Flex, which includes both standard and flexible office space with facilities at the cost depending on the type of service or the duration of use, as well as preparing to push co-warehousing services to meet the needs of customers who need to use the service on a per-use basis or want to store goods in the warehouse according to the number of pallets (Pay-Per-Pallet) as well as meet the needs of space, facilities and technologies that belong to the central company by paying for the service according to the usage amount. Twin houses and townhomes, industrial real estate groups and commercial real estate groups like mixed-use projects in the heart of the city. As a result, the Company's portfolio (as of September 30, 2022) has an asset value of 98,967 million baht and aims to increase its asset value to more than 100,000 million baht by 2025. Ready to set a goal to become a brand Top 5 real estate businesses in residential, industrial and commercial sectors as well.
Department of Business Development inspects 3 risky businesses as "nominees"|Mr. Painter Wongkhetkorn, Deputy Director-General, Department of Business Development In fiscal year 2023, the department continued to investigate Thai entities with alien holdings that may have nominee characteristics. In order to prevent Thais or Thai juristic persons from providing assistance or supporting or participating in business or holding shares on behalf of foreigners (Nominee) in order for foreigners to avoid or violate the operation under the Alien Business Act B.E. 2542, the target group will be Thai juristic persons engaged in 3 groups of businesses: tourism and related businesses (161), land trade, real estate and real estate ownership 123, and hotel and resort businesses 41, for a total of 325 persons in 9 targeted provinces, namely Chiang Mai/ Chiang Rai, Phuket, Surat Thani, Chonburi/ Rayong, Prachuap Khiri Khan/ Phetchaburi and Bangkok. Hotel, accommodation, etc. In Chinatown and Huai Khwang, where Chinese capital groups are doing business using Thais as nominees, "If the investigation finds behavior that could be considered a nominee offense. If found to be a nominee, the department will submit the information to DSI for an in-depth investigation, which if found to be a nominee, will be prosecuted under the alien business law, punishable by imprisonment for not more than 3 years or a fine of 100,000-1 million baht or both, and a daily fine of 10,000-50,000 baht until the violation is stopped. The 2021 nominee audit found 145 cases of potential nominee offenses, 44 in tourism and related businesses, 89 in real estate and related businesses, 3 in hotel/resort businesses, 9 in hospitality, and 3 in 2022.
The Permanent Secretary of the Treasury ordered "Kulya-Blessed Blessed". Clarification on the case of buying and selling Bangchak shares|Mr. Kritsada Gina criticized. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance revealed that he has now instructed Mr. Champren Photiyod. Director-General of the Treasury Department and Ms. Kulya Tantitemit Director General of the Comptroller General Make a written clarification in the case of trading shares of Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited while being a director of Bangchak, initially receiving reports that such shares are an offer to sell securities to directors or employees (Employee Stock Option Program : ESOP). After that, the clarification will be taken into consideration and further investigation. If abnormalities are found, the procedure must be followed. If no irregularities are found, the reporter further reported that in the case of the trading of shares of the 2 director-generals. 1 of the people who expressed concern was Mr. Apisak Tantivorawong, former Finance Minister, and many others came to inquire about the facts of the case as well. By participating in the ownership of the business or as a return on work. To contribute to the stable growth of the business.sponsored
OpenSea, the top NFT market Free of temporary fees After losing popularity to newcomer Blur. |OpenSea, the world's largest NFT forex trading platform Restructuring the notice of temporary cancellation of fees and conditions for resale revenue sharing to creators. After losing market and user share to a new platform like Blur, OpenSea admits that users are moving to other NFT markets that are not forced on creators' revenue sharing. Blur's daily peak trading volume also comes from a new royalty policy, which shows the difference between Blur and OpenSea. Blur launched its own tokens on February 14 and distributed Airdrop to Blur contributors as part of its marketing strategy to attract users. In addition to the issue, the war between OpenSea and Blur is royalty-free. If someone becomes a monopolist in the market, it may affect the fee structure that tends to increase, which will negatively affect both creators. Traders, including NFT collectors, have referenced cointelegraph , coindesk , theblock , nftnow.
Economists think net zero will be achieved.|The UK is another country that has made significant progress towards achieving net zero carbon emissions. However, there are also questions about the government's involvement in joint investment in new technologies with the private sector, as well as the need for achieving environmental goals that could be followed by increased levy. Lord Nicholas Stern, uk economist Advocates of the idea that the public sector needs to be actively deployed in this field with the business sector say that the injection by the government will help drive the goal faster. The key turning point is technology, whether it is GreenTech, which is related to the energy sector. Car batteries as well as organic fertilizers, as well as AI, will play an important role in achieving the country's goals in a few years. In policy, if you want to collect higher taxes, it is necessary and should be done, said Lord Browne, a former chief executive of BP, the UK's oil giant. The head of a fund focused on investing in companies aimed at reducing greenhouse gases has expressed a view that there is now a greater need for state assistance for businesses. He cited the example of the United States and the Inflation Reduction Act. President Joe Biden Sen injected huge amounts of money into the industrial sector. Allocate capital and tax credits for the electric vehicle manufacturing sector. SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUELS, HYDROGEN, AS WELL AS SUBSIDIES FOR THE PUBLICSPONSORED, BROWN ALSO ADVOCATED 'FLOATING TAXATION'. From companies that benefit from basic state utilities, which may increase the value of land or infrastructure in the area. In other words, the landowner or producer must pay a portion of the profits received back to the government. For example, the European Union (EU) imposes a floating tax on energy companies of 33% on the profits of fossil fuel companies, and partly on rising electricity revenues with an estimated value of 140 billion euros (£123 billion) from taxation. Even one side pushed for a resolution on energy security. Environmental Management and Funding The idea is fraught with controversy because the government is still under pressure to cut taxes quarter-on-quarter. The UK also faces the highest tariffs. Compared to revenues since World War II. The people have to bear the brunt of the inflation crisis. The continued spike in utility bills, of course, is the issue. It was not agreed upon by the Executive Committee in the House that considered the important issue to be the economy and the stomachs of the people. Oil giants Shell and BP have made trillions of baht in profits each in the past year. From much higher oil and gas prices as well, citing the BBC.
Gold price today Last February 20, 2023 Open Monday morning, fixed price.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Monday morning, February 20, 2023, the price is fixed for "gold bullion" selling out baht 29,950 baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sells out baht 30,450 baht. On February 20, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.26 a.m. was stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 29,850 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" sells out 29,950 baht per baht, while "Gold Jewelry" buys 29,319.44 baht per baht. Baht 30,450 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,925 baht Sell out 14,975 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,659.72 baht Sell out 15,225 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,462.5 Baht Sell Out 7,487.5 Baht Gold Bullion 1 Slung Buy 7,329.86 Baht Sell Out 7,612.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slung Gold Bullion 1/2 Slung Buy 3,731.25 Baht Sell Out 3,7438.75 Baht Gold Jewelry 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,664.93 Baht Sell Out 3,806.25 Baht
Carabao Dang helps customers with a price freeze of 10 baht, organizes a campaign to give away 100 motorcycles, hoping to build a career for the 2nd year.|Mr. Kamoldit Orbital seaworthy Deputy Managing Director of Carabao Group Public Company Limited (CBG) revealed that the company also insisted on fixing the price of carabao red drink at 10 baht for as long as possible. Although the cost of production is currently steadily increasing, the company sees such price fixing as a positive for consumers and is still at a manageable level." He also insisted on fixing the price at 10 baht for as long as possible, because raising the price to 12 seems small, but it is 20%, which is quite high. "The competition in the energy drink arena in Thailand is still very fierce. Even some players have already raised prices. This year's challenge is in addition to fierce competition. However, CBG has also moved forward in its Sport Marketing strategy, informing the Stock Exchange of Thailand. On February 13, the Company acquired Carabao Tawan Daeng Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of CBG, as the main sponsorship with Hoang Anh Gia Lai Football Club in Vietnam for two seasons, 2024 and 2025SPONSORED. And at the same time, drinking energy drinks in Vietnam is not just a group of workers. As well as sponsoring the Carabao Cup in England, which will be held in the final between Manchester United and Newcastle United on February 26, CBG's goal this year is to have a market share in Thailand of 25% from the current 21-22%. The company has launched a campaign called Carabao Dang and joined forces with Thairath TV to deliver the biggest promotion of the year. "Baw Daeng helps Thai people build a career for the 2nd year, gives away motorcycles every day, gives away millions every month", gives away 100 motorcycles every day, gives away millions every month, just write, squeeze, send the lid of carabao red and kanzo twice at the sweepstakes box at CJ supermarket, cheap dee standard stores and participating stores or send PO Box 2. Bangpakong Chachoengsao announces results every day. Thairath TV 32 at 09.30 a.m. will announce the results from April 28, 2023 onwards from March 1 to July 31, 2023. The target group of Carabao Daeng is Blue Collar, laborers, general contractors, traders aged 30-50 years, and new target groups in the White Collar group, which is a new generation of young people and general office workers aged 20-35 years. Chief Business Officer, Trend VG3 Co., Ltd. (Thairath Online) and Triple V Broadcast Co., Ltd. (Thairath TV) Revealed that the campaign collaboration "Baw Daeng helps Thai people build careers for the 2nd year, gives out motorcycles every day, gives millions every month" This event is to help create careers for the people.
Thai stocks today, February 20, 2023, ended the afternoon up 6.02 points, the index was at 1,657 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon session, the index was up 6.02 points at 1,657.69 points with a turnover of 53,442.24 million baht. In the afternoon, the index rose 6.02. The index was at 1,657.69. The index peaked at 1,660.18. The index is as low as 1,650.39. The turnover was 53,442.24 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Singer Thailand Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. J Mart Public Company Limited 5. J.M.T. Network Company Limited Services Public Company Limited.
YouTube netizens may push Web3 after discovering new CEO Nell Mohan has backed NFTs. |On February 16, Susan Wojchitsky retired as YouTube's chief executive officer after more than nine years in office, but remained as a consultant for parent company Alphabet and appointed nel mohan, who was previously chief product officer, to take over. He was previously a pioneer for YouTube to launch short clips YouTube shorts and YouTube Music to compete with the popular short clip platform TikTok. Mohan has outlined a preliminary roadmap for YouTube's Web3 with the aim of integrating new features such as metaverse-based content to create experiences and make content in the form of tokens. He also stressed that NFTs will become a new approach for creators to engage with their audience and add value to the platform. "Web3 also opens up new opportunities for creators, and we believe that new technologies such as blockchain and NFT will help creators build deeper relationships with their fans, who can collaborate on new projects and make money like never before." However, despite the intention to launch a new feature last year, the plan to involve Web3 has not yet materialized. Reference cointelegraph
The car user smiled softly, announcing the reduction in the "fuel price". All kinds of sohol groups|Tomorrow, the company announced a reduction in the price of gasohol by 50 baht. For the "Diesel" and Hi Premium 97 segments, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 20th. Feb 2023 Reporter: PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on 21 GSH95S EVO at 36.05 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.78 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.74 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.19 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 34.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 34.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Illuminate the kingdom "Central Retail" in Vietnam that ranks number one in hypermarkets|Illuminate the kingdom Central Retail Vietnam, which ranks number one in hypermarkets and number two in lifestyle shopping centers, with a five-year investment budget of 50 billion baht, aims to generate sales of 150 billion by 2027. Retail The country's potential is ready in many areas and its economic growth continues. Therefore, we have been expanding our business in Vietnam at full capacity for the past 11 years from its inception in 2012 as a distributor of fashion brands with only a few branches. At present, Central Retail Vietnam has more than 340 stores with a total area of more than 1,200,000 square meters in 40 provinces, accounting for 85% of Vietnam's GDP. From 2014 to 2021, we had sales of 38,592 million baht. In 2022, it was able to close 25% of Central's total sales in Vietnam. Retail As a result, CRC became the largest international retailer leader in Vietnam, ranking no. 1 in hypermarkets and no. 2 in lifestyle shopping centers for Central's 5-year roadmap. We continue to prepare for business expansion in line with the economic outlook that continues to grow, with a target of 50 billion baht in investment in Vietnam over 5 years. To generate sales of 150,000 million baht with double the number of stores to 600 branches covering 57 provinces from 63 provinces nationwide in accordance with the goal to become the No. 1 Omnichannel in the Food Group and No. 2 in the Property Group of Vietnam by 2027. Olivier Langlet Central Retail Vietnam's Chief Executive Officer said that Vietnam's attractiveness, regardless of its growing economic conditions, is that of the economy. While the global economic outlook is volatile, Vietnam's GDP is expected to grow at 6.7% this year, the highest growth in Southeast Asia. The expansion of modern trade and rising tourist rates are important positive signs. Retail Continue to grow for 3 business segments that can meet the lifestyle of Vietnamese people, which consists of 1. Food group includes GO!, hypermarket with 38 branches, Tops Market with 10 branches, Mini go!, Supermarket with 3 branches and Lanchi Mart with 24 branches.2. Property Group: GO!, 39 branches3. Nonfood Group, which includes Nguyen Kim, Supersports, Kubo and RobinsSPONSORED, has invested more than 6,000 million baht. In 2023, to expand the kingdom to cover the whole of Vietnam, the business plan is as follows: To grow the food business nationwide: Reinforcing the no. 1 hypermarket leadership by rebranding Big C and renovating GO!, a total of 10 branches, as well as expanding Tops Market and Mini go!, increasing by 8-10 branches to serve consumers thoroughly, as well as strengthening the Fresh and Non-Food food segments to attract more new consumer traffic. To meet the needs of Nguyen Kim, a total of 10-12 branches and 3-5 branches of Nguyen Kim, both standalone and expanded into GO!
Win "Phuket Expo 2028"|Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul The Minister of Public Health, as chairman of the steering committee for the bid to host Expo 2028 Phuket Thailand, revealed that he had met to ask thailand's leading private sector executives with overseas business networks around the world to support Thailand's bid to host "Expo 2028 Phuket Thailand". Either there will be an election or a new government will come in. Phuket's push to host the 2028 Expo. Thailand must build confidence in the committees from the International Exhibition Organization. "Although we are not halfway there, it is not easy, Thailand has used everything it has to offer to the international community in June 2022, where Thailand has to compete with 4 other countries: the United States, Serbia, Spain, Argentina, where representatives from 171 BIE member countries will select the host country and announce the results of the host country in June. If no other factors such as politics or international relations are involved. IN ADDITION, WHEN COMPARING THE GEOPOLITICS OF THE 5 COUNTRIES AS WELL AS THE WEATHER, IT CAN BE SEEN THAT PHUKET IS A TOURIST CITY AND A BUSINESS CITY, THUS GAINING AN ADVANTAGE OVER OTHER COUNTRIES.
Vulnerable groups are in debt. Bot adjusts criteria to help - renew debt suspension|The Bot revealed that major government SMEs flocked to repay debts, banks sold their portfolios, loans. Lending volume in 2022 grew by 2.1%, slowing from the previous year. Adjusting the criteria to help the new debt resolution clinic to accept NPL debt resolution before February 1, 2023, pointing out the opportunity to renew the rehabilitation loan program and suspend the debt relief for another 1 year, said Suwannee Jesadasak, Assistant Governor, Financial Institutions Supervision Division 1, Bank of Thailand (BOT). While net profit increased by 30.7% year-on-year, lending slowed down from Q3 due to repayment of large businesses' debts, government debt repayment and the completion of loan periods to help SME businesses (soft loans), as well as the transfer of retail portfolios to a subsidiary of a commercial bank to a debt management company. Large business loans decreased by 1.3% from the previous quarter, SME loans fell 2.4% for the second consecutive quarter, and consumer loans decreased entirely except for mortgage loans. However, credit card loans fell by 14.2% due to the expansion of some banks' credit portfolios, but if this is eliminated, credit card loans will expand by 6.8%, slowing from the 10.9% growth in Q3. The BOT said that by helping debtors by accelerating debt restructuring. As a result, non-performing loans (NPLs) in 2022 stood at Baht 499.2 billion or 2.73% of total loans, down from the previous quarter. While NPL consumer loans were flat, auto loans, personal loans, and credit card loans saw an increase in bad debt. "The Bot is also monitoring the debt repayment capacity of households and the recovery of some businesses because of the impact of covid, the cost of living is much higher, and interest rates continue to rise. 3 It accounts for 86.8% of gross domestic product (GDP), which is considered high, but the BOT has increased private debt collection. As a result, business debt to GDP in Q3 stood at 87.1%, down from the COVID period, and the company still supports debt because it has the ability to make a profit. The Bot has adjusted the eligibility conditions for NPL debtors to participate in debt restructuring through the Debt Resolution Clinic by accepting npl debt resolution before February 1, 2023 to help debtors who have just become NPLs in the late COVID period. In the past, the debt resolution clinic has helped solve 150,000 accounts out of 36,000 million accounts receivable (2-3 accounts each) with a debt resolution limit of 7,140 million baht. In addition, the Bank is negotiating additional creditors to join the Debt Resolution Clinic project from the current 35 to cover more debtors from the current 70%"On April 9, the Bank will due to receive assistance from the Rehabilitation Loan Program to help small SMEs, the Debt Relief Program and the BOT's special assistance to accelerate the restructuring of debts. The rehabilitation and debt relief loan program. The BOT is discussing whether to renew the project. There is a chance that the project will be extended for another year".
Unusually high imports of vegetables from China have not been found.|Mr. Wattanasak Tiger Iam Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade It reveals the case of winter vegetable growers, northern regions, and academics. There are concerns about the impact of large imports of vegetables from China, causing the price of Thai winter vegetables to fall. As a result, farmers had to sell at a loss, he said, checking the sales at Talad Thai, Four Corners Market and Sri Muang. Major wholesale sources have found that imports of vegetables from China are normal. The import of vegetables from China depends on the quantity and price of vegetables in the country. If it is a period when Thai winter vegetables are low in output, they will be imported to replace them"Checking the prices of winter vegetables in Chiang Mai found that the prices that farmers can sell are still favorable because it is a period when the output to the market is low, such as cabbage. kilograms (kg) 5-6 baht per person, Chinese cabbage 7-8 baht per kg".
150 billion "CRC" sales push 50 billion investment in Vietnam|"CRC" raises the level of investment in Vietnam in 5 years, pouring 50,000 million baht, aiming for sales of 150,000 million baht After settling down for 10 years Trial and error has earned a foothold as the number one international retailer, said Mr. Jinn Poksap, Chief Executive Officer of Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (CRC) and Mr. Olivier Langlet. Chief Executive Officer, Central Retail Vietnam To reinforce our position as the number one leader, he said: Foreign retail business in Vietnam after investing since 2012 or 10 years ago. Retail business in Vietnam, according to euro monitors, is worth 1.71 trillion baht. With 41.12 trillion baht in traditional retail and 196 billion baht in modern trade or modern retail, or only 11%, CRC's business in modern trade, both food and non-food businesses, has the potential to grow enormously. It started by investing in the fashion brand business first, but it seems to be coming too soon, making it not as good as it should be. Therefore, it has been jointly with partners. 15,000 million baht has been invested. Initial sales of 300 million baht jumped to 38,592 million baht. Of the 340 branches in the past year, 25% of CRC's sales in Vietnam have been closed. At present, it is no. 1 in hypermarkets and no. 2 in lifestyle shopping centers in Vietnam's "SPONSORED", while CRC currently has a food business business such as GO! Hypermarket total 38 branches Tops Market total 10 branches Mini go! The property business group includes 39 branches of GO! (Go!) and non-food businesses including Nguyen Kim, Supersports, Kubo and Robinson in 40 provinces."The 5-year strategic plan from now will increase investment to 50 billion baht and aim to achieve sales of 150 billion baht, a 4-fold increase compared to 2021 sales.
The Prime Minister believes that the Thai economy remains strong, the outlook for recovery is good, and the fiscal is stable.|prime minister Confidence in the Thai economy remains strong, the outlook for recovery is good, fiscal finance is stable, revenue collection for the first 4 months of FY 2023 exceeds the target. 91 Billion International reserves ranked among the top in the world on February 21, 2023. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Continue to drive the Thai economy, confident that the Thai economic recovery will improve. After the first four months of fiscal 2023, the report on net government revenue collection, as well as other factors, increased Thailand's international reserves. It reflects the government's preparedness for financial stability and a recovering economy, a government spokesman said. The Ministry of Finance revealed that in the first four months of fiscal year 2023, net revenue collection was 836,643 million baht, higher than the estimate of 91,339 million baht, or 12.3 percent. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) combined at 820,825 million baht, higher than the estimate of 45,646 million baht or 5.9 percent. The Prime Minister also revealed that gross international reserves for January 2023 stood at USD 225,486.90 million, up from December 2022 of USD 216,632.54 million (as of February 10, 2023). In addition, the Thai economy is considered to be strong and fiscally stable, and Thailand is one of the top countries with the highest international reserves (excluding gold) in the world. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) ranking, the Prime Minister is committed to developing the Thai economy in a balanced manner to improve the quality of life for all Thai citizens."
Debt Resolution Clinic Adjust the criteria again, covering NPL receivables before February 1, 2023.|Debt Resolution Clinic The new criteria were adjusted to cover debtors who had debt status before February 1, 2023, on February 21, 2023, Ms. Sirithida Phanomwan Na Ayutthaya, Assistant Governor Payment Systems Policy and Financial Technology Group The Bank of Thailand (BOT) said that although the economy has gradually recovered in the past, the situation remains volatile. It was found that most of the debt problems still exist and are concentrated in credit card and personal loan products, in line with the majority of debt restructuring requests under the Debt Resolution Fair: There is debt that needs to be solved. A sustainable restart that the BOT has organized with the Ministry of Finance in the recent past. TheRefore, the Debt Resolution Clinic Project Supervisory Committee has resolved to adjust the eligibility criteria for applying for the program by extending it to cover debtors with bad debt status or NPL from before September 1, 2022 to before February 1, 2023 in order to accommodate new bad debts to be able to participate in the program with effect from February 20, 2023 onwards. Interested citizens can follow the project news or contact the application via the website. www.Debt Resolution Clinic.com LINE @debtclinicbysam and Facebook Debt Resolution Clinic by SAM as well as Call Center Tel. 1443 dailySPONSORED
 TU Global sales collapsed, showing a full-year dividend of 0.84 baht per share|Thai Union Group's global sales fell to 156 billion baht, pushing the full-year dividend to 0.84 baht per share. Get a strong pet and canned food business. The ratio of net debt to equity was low to 0.54 times on February 20, 2023. Thai Union Group Public Company Limited (TU) Chief Executive Officer said that the company's 4Q22 results showed sales of 39,613 million baht. Thai Union reported a 10.3% increase in sales for the full year 2022 to Baht 155,586 million. This was the highest on record with a gross profit of 27,206 million baht. 5.8% year-on-year increase Net profit for the year 2022 stood at Baht 7,138 million. However, the company still managed to pay a second half dividend of 0.44 baht per share. As a result, the annual dividend was 0.84 baht per share, and the Company continued to pay a good dividend yield at the rate of 0.84 baht per share. 5.3%SPONSORED For the past 65 years, sales from the canned seafood business increased by 12.8% due to rising selling prices and continued higher demand for products. This is especially true in Asia and the United States, where innovative products are released that resonate with consumers. The pet food business continued to perform well, with sales increasing by 48.0% from 2021 to 21,693 million baht. This is due to the high demand for feed and rising selling prices. Thai Union has strong performance and record sales. Although we are in the midst of a global economy facing inflation and volatile currency exchange rates. Our core business remains at the heart of our business, while we continue to diversify our product portfolio to attract customers in Asia. Europe and America We continue to develop value-added businesses such as food components, supplements and alternative proteins, allowing us to expand our business to new products that focus on innovation and will contribute significantly to our future business growth. In 2022, it accounted for 43% of total revenue, followed by frozen and chilled seafood at 36%, pet food at 14%, up from 10% in 2021, and value-added businesses and others at 7%. I-Tel Corporation Public Company Limited, a subsidiary company, was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand as the highest IPO in the food and beverage sector in Thai stock market history, and was also a key factor in the reduction of Thai Union's net debt to equity ratio to 0.54 times at the end of 2022, compared to 0.99 times in 2021. The proportion of sales by region is as follows: The U.S. and Canada are at 44%, Europe at 26%, Thailand at 11%, and other regions at 19%. Thai Union continues to expand its business opportunities for growth. It has invested CAD 10 million in Mara. Regenerative Corporation is one of the world's leading producers of sustainable algae bio-based products.  Although we continue to see inflation in all regions of the world where Thai Union operates, I strongly believe that Thai Union's commitment to long-term business strategy, financial discipline and diversification will enable our business to continue to grow in the future. Thai Union aims for sales growth in 2023 at approximately 5-6% and increases its investment budget to 6,000-6,500 million baht.
Thai stocks today, February 21, 2023, ended the morning session down 2.12 points, the index was at 1,655 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market closes down 2.12 The index is at 1,655.57. Turnover 31,381.15 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today is 21 In the morning, the index fell 2.12, or -0.13%, to 1,655.57. The turnover was 31,381.15 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Company Pure Energy Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. CHET ASIA PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
GC aims to increase EBITDA by 4% to 2030, continuing to reduce carbon through the 3 Steps Plus strategy|Dr. Kongkrapan Intarachak PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited (GC) announced the company's direction for 2023 sustainability goals based on the concept of "Better for You, Better for the World", focusing on recovery and preparedness for the situation by setting a direction to drive the business using the 3 Steps Plus: Step Change, Step as Out, Step Up strategy, with allnex as one of the growth platforms. Financial strength and diversified portfolio In 2022, CG had total sales revenue of 678,267 million baht. EBITDA stood at Baht 49,134 million, down 13% from the same period last year, and net loss was Baht 8,752 million, or 119%, from the same period last year. China's closure and conflict from the Russo-Ukrainian War But the refinery business can also help offset the margins of the petrochemical business. Moreover, the polymer business maintained its efficiency despite the impact of the recession. In addition to adjusting the investment portfolio with an emphasis on petrochemical business and seeking new business partnerships, the company has been able to reduce costs by more than 3.7 billion baht, so this year the company is focused on recovering and preparing for the situation by using the 3 Steps Plus strategy to drive the Step Change business. 2 (Olefins 2 Modification Project) 2.Polypropylene Resin Production Line Expansion Project 4 (HMC PP Line 4)3.Construction of pla bioplastic plant 24.Kurara GC Advanced Material (KGC) high-engineering plastics production project at GC joint venture with Kuraray and Sumitomo of JapanSPONSOREDStep Out. After the successful acquisition of Allnex by reorganizing its foreign business units. To meet the needs of consumers under global megatrends and prepare to create Thailand Innovation Hub that will be a research center, innovation and cutting-edge technology for allnex for growth in AsiaStep upStep up roadmap to aim to reduce carbon emissions by 2030. By investing in High Value Business (HVB) and businesses that are in line with circular economy principles and seeking opportunities to create synergy (leverage synergy) to maximize value from businesses, markets and technologies such as allnex acquired by GC, which has a high level of profitability and meets consumer demand under megatrends for the target in 2023, the Company expects to increase its capacity by 15% due to the near-completion of the project. Margins have increased due to increased demand for products as a result of the global reopening policy. As for the long-term target, EBITDA is expected to increase by 4% annually until 2030.
CHASE enters open trade plus 21%. Seeing the company grow in many dimensions, reiterates RS not to sell shares |Movements after the company's first trading day on the Stock Exchange of Thailand Chase Asia Public Company Limited (CHASE) opened at 3.52 baht per share, up 0.62 baht, up from a subscription price of 2.90 baht or 21.38%, reaching a high of 3.58 baht before rising to 3.28, up 13.10% at 1:40 p.m. In the financial industry, capital and securities business, with an IPO value of 5,757.78 million baht. Kasikorn Securities is the financial advisor and underwriter and underwriter of the ordinary shares. Data from the Stock Exchange of Thailand According to the report, the top 3 shareholders after entering the market are Chaisuwan family holding 51.43%, RS Group holding 21.35% and BNP MELLON NOMINEES LIMITED holding 3.53%. Chief Executive Officer, Chet Asia Public Company Limited revealed that the fundraising The Company will use the proceeds from the fundraising to invest in expanding its loan portfolio to non-performing assets. The company aims to purchase at least 1,000 million baht per year and focuses on unsecured loans and prepares to expand its debt collection and collection services to non-bank groups, and moves its headquarters to support the expansion of its sponsored business, with the company targeting revenue growth of 15% in 2022. The Company insists that the non-performing asset management (AMC) business has not encountered any disruption, which new technologies will help Cheat Asia to be more efficient. To raise funds to improve the proactive performance of The Hyeh Company or Mr. Surachai Chetchotisakd. Chief Executive Officer, RS Public Company Limited Revealed that In terms of RS's shareholding policy in CHASE, we insist on maintaining a 20.35% stake as a long-term strategic investment"After the IPO, there are still many business opportunities between Chet Asia and RS Group to cooperate. Asia is a subsidiary of RS Public Company Limited (RS). The company operates two main businesses: unsecured non-performing asset management (AMC) and debt collection and collection services, both from financial institutions and non-financial institutions, as well as integrated litigation. It has been in business for more than 25 years.
Merkle Capital launches new M-Next Generation strategy focused on investing in digital tokens with high growth opportunities|Merkle Capital, a subsidiary of Cryptomind Group, has launched a new investment strategy, M-Next Generation, focusing on investing digital tokens in web 3.0 industries as an alternative and facilitating investors who are interested in this market but do not have time to follow Mr. Akradej. Single Panich Chairman of the Board Cryptomind Group and Chief Executive Officer Merkel Capital, Thailand's first digital asset fund management to be licensed by the SEC, said that before becoming Web 3.0, the web started as Web 1.0, which anyone can read or write. User data will not be saved. Examples of Web1 include Yahoo, Sanook, Java. Users can do more than just read. That is, users can interact more with the platform, such as pressing the Like button to show what the user likes or what they are interested in. Examples of Web2 such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, TikTok, where users in this era will unilaterally provide themselves to the Web2 platform through various registrations. That is to say, users can read, build, and operate decentralized through blockchain technology. In this era, it has helped solve the problem by allowing the ownership of user data to go back to more users through various controls on their own, not intermediaries anymore. There are more and more diverse ways that change very quickly, such as liquid staking derivatives, layer 2 or even AI, which, if not closely monitored, will cause us to miss out on investment opportunities. Merkel Capital has launched a new strategy called M-Next Generation, a full-rate digital asset investment strategy that focuses on investing in industry-leading digital tokens with high growth opportunities in the Web 3.0 sector. In order not to miss the opportunity to invest in new trends with high growth opportunities for the M-Next Generation, it is a strategy that we will focus on investing in digital tokens with moderate market caps in the DeFi, Web 3 service and Metaverse Projects that benefit from the changes in new trends and have high upside returns in the short to medium term.
Bento Flammable, showed a profit of 512 million baht, jumped 57%, launched an offensive game to launch new products to penetrate the tourist group.|SriNanaporn Owner Gele Bento shows 57% growth in 2022 profit. The international market is growing strongly, with the flag flagged in 2023, pushing new products to penetrate the group of foreign tourists. Senior Executive Vice President, Domestic Business Division Sri Nanaporn Marketing Public Company Limited (SNNP) Thailand's leading beverage and snack manufacturer Under the brand Gele Bento Lotus Chicken Leg Snack Revealed that the Company's operating results in 2022 had total revenue from the business of 5,556 million baht. 1,283 million baht increase Net profit from core business, excluding special profit, stood at Baht 541 million. 197 million baht increase The increase in profit was due to the marketing plan and increased product sales both domestically and internationally, as well as the continuous launch of new products. In addition, the tourism sector has recovered markedly in recent years. Groups of tourists are flowing back. Energize the beverage and snack market In the fourth quarter, the company had a net profit of 149 million baht. This was an increase of 33 million baht or 28% from the same period last year. However, the company's future growth prospects will continue to raise brand awareness. In addition to the growth of the business plan, there is also a trend of growth from the tourist segment that comes to buy the company's products. The tourism sector will recover significantly. From the return of the main tourists Such factors support the company's growth, which is expected to grow in 2023. In addition, the Board of Directors' meeting on February 21, 2023, in return for shareholders, the Board of Directors' meeting resolved to approve the cash dividend payment at the rate of Baht 0.23/share, marked XD on May 2, 2023, scheduled to be paid on May 19, 2023. The Company paid an interim dividend of Baht 0.18 per share, including an annual dividend of Baht 0.41 per share, for the 2022 operating results.
4NOLOGUE presses 900 million T-POP moldings to the global market Confident 2 years payback|4NOLOGUE presses 900 million T-POP moldings to the global market Confident 2 years to pay back the capital During covid, the event business has stagnated for a long time until now. Wichian Narat The ceo and founder of 4NOLOGUE said that the event business is sensitive to various situations, such as politics and natural disasters, but no situation is as bad as COVID. We have used this period to build the organization's readiness in many aspects, especially investing in the development of online platforms to create a new business model as hybrid entertainment in order to comply with the trend of digital transformation, supporting the hybrid work model to become a fully integrated entertainment and cover as many marketing channels as possible. We manage risk by diversifying our business portfolio by dividing the business into 2 parts: service units that accept advertising materials, hire, etc. Events, organizers, and part 2 is creators. 4NOLOGUE has the potential to expand its business by leaps and bounds, with 4NOLOGUE having the potential to expand its business by leaps and bounds. He said that for the 2023-2025 investment plan, we have prepared a budget of 900 million baht. The investment will be divided into 300 million baht per year. The company aims to pay back from the 2nd year onwards to create an entertainment ecosystem with artists as flagships, as the production of artists requires quality, world standards with Thai artists, and a clear goal. You can pick up your uniqueness and distinctiveness. On a day when the world is connected by the year 66, we have about 20 artist journey plans in the form of Tour Concerts, with artists under 4NOLOGUE needing a platform to lead the market. In the past, we had the OCTOPOP music festival, which was watched more than 50,000 people and was mentioned over 2 million times on twitter. Stepping into the country's leading festival, 4NOLOGUE has also launched QO OW. Creator Co., Ltd. or Cow Entertainment by JJ Krishnaphum Pibulsongkram and Daeneng Kanyaveer, two cities in executive roles for Cow, in addition to being both the official agency, oversee all activities of JJ and Da Ning in the entertainment industry both in Thailand and abroad. Cow's target group is Heinen, a luxury fashion group that focuses on premium work, and Cow's main goal is to develop into a future live platform for the next generation. Cow's revenue in the past 65 years has reached 70 million baht. 60% of the revenue comes from artist care and 40% from productions, which is expected to grow by 20% SPONSORED in 2023.
CKPower smiles at 2022 revenue growth, pushes profit to 2,436 million|CK Power smiles at 22.3% revenue growth, pushes profit to 2,436 million on February 21, 2023 Mr. Thanawat Trivisavate Managing Director of CK Power Public Company Limited (CKP) said that in the past 65 years, CKPower has a total revenue of 11,418.3 million baht. Revenue was 9,334.7 million baht or 2,083.6 million baht. This represents 22.3%, the highest revenue since the company's inception, and for the first time, total revenue exceeded 10 billion baht. This was the highest net profit since the company's inception, up from 2,179.0 million baht last year or 257.2 million baht. This was due to a 39.3% increase in profit share from investments in joint ventures and associated companies due to hydroelectric power plants. Xayaburi, or XPCL, has more water flowing through the average than the previous year. As a result, electricity sales volume increased and XPCL's overall performance grew significantly over the previous year as of December 31, 2022. The Company has assets of 69,846.0 million baht. At the same time, total debt was 31,906.6 million baht. 2.9% decrease from gradual repayment of loans from financial institutions and redemption of debentures due As a result, the Net Interest-bearing Debt to Equity Ratio decreased from the previous year, with the end of 2022 being relatively low at 0.59 times. As a result of the Company's strategy to invest in renewable energy power plants, which reduces dependence on fossil fuels at fluctuating prices, we aim to drive new businesses in the region, all of which will use renewable energy to generate electricity altogether, increasing the total investment in renewable electricity generation from 89% to 95% by 2024. In the company's part, XPCL has a policy of interest rate risk management through interest rate swaps and the issuance of debentures with fixed interest rates, with continuous monitoring of interest rate adjustments and managing long-term debt to a reasonable proportion, with CKPower aiming for net zero GHG emissions by 2050, and by 2022, CKPower's subsidiary renewable energy plants generate 9,921 gigawatt hours (GWh) of clean electricity, which equates to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of 5.0 million tons of CO2 equivalent per year.
Good news on Tuesday evening, announcing a reduction in the "fuel price" of all types of diesel except sohol.|Announcement to reduce the price of all types of diesel by 50 baht Sohol group and Hi Premium 97 price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, Feb. 21, 2023, reporters reported. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 50 satang/litre for all types of diesel. Sohol group and Hi Premium 97 price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. on the 22nd. GSH95S EVO at 36.05 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.78 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.74 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.19 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
OR set investment budget in 2023 to expand coffee shops and cafes Amazon and Texas Chicken added.|PTT Oil and Retail set investment budget for 2023 at 31,197 million baht Share 14,193 Million Baht Expanding Café Amazon and Texas Chicken on February 21, 2023, Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), said that the business direction in 2023 is to invest 31,197 million baht. Focus on expanding and strengthening the Business Value Chain of Lifestyle Business Group with a budget of 14,193 million baht or approximately 45% of the investment budget. In addition to the food and beverage business or F&B, OR also focuses on the Health & Wellness and Tourism business. Global Group continues to expand its investment in the opening of PTT Station and Café Amazon through its overseas subsidiaries in order to strengthen the country in which OR has already operated, as well as seek investment opportunities in new countries with potential. In addition, OR has invested in innovation to develop new business models in accordance with the changing global situation, with a budget of 5,251 million baht. It accounts for approximately 17% of Mr. Suchart Ramas' investment budget. The Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited said that in November 2018, the company was able to increase its production capacity. In May 23, we will have the launch of PTT gas station. The flagship store station with an ecosystem focuses on clean energy, calculates the carbon footprint of vehicles entering service stations with AI systems, as well as installing solar rooftop and energy storage battery systems or ESS to provide gas stations with electricity available 24 hours a day. The prototype station opened its first branch at Vibhavadi 62, which will have up to 4,000 square meters of space for shops. From the original at PTT There will be retail space of 500-1,000 square meters.
Thai stocks today, February 21, 2023, ended the afternoon session up 10.94 points, the index was at 1,668 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 10.94. The index is at 1,668.63. Turnover 66,040.68 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 21, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose by 10.94 percent. The index was at 1,668.63. The index peaked at 1,669.51. The index is at a low of 1,652.25. The turnover was 66,040.68 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Company Pure Energy Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 5. CHET ASIA PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
22 million applicants for only 14 million "poor cards".|"Big Tou" will announce the patent to the poor on March 1. As the treasury prepares to clarify the details, the dreaded "poor man's card" is a mess. After considering eligibility, up to 8 million people were eliminated, leaving only 14 million eligible out of 22 million applicants. Mr. Santi Phrompat, Deputy Finance Minister, revealed that from the meeting of the Monitoring Committee on the Progress of the State Welfare Program 2022 or the Poor People's Card, it was found that the number of people who do not meet the criteria to receive state welfare rights is up to 40% of the number of registrations. When the number of registrants is minus the number of qualified persons, it is considered that as many as 8 million people do not meet the welfare criteria, and if the list is to be announced, there will be chaos during the appeal process. to accommodate the potential chaos." Whether the list of qualified candidates will be announced on March 1, Mr. Santi said. 14 million qualified candidates are expected to be announced. the other 8 million. He appealed for more information, instructing Krungthai Bank. As the organizer of the entire state welfare registration information system. The information of non-qualified persons for state welfare must also be submitted to the Ministry of Finance so that the information can be checked again. To the reasons for not meeting the criteria Krungthai Bank is a financial institution that manages the registration system to receive the State Welfare Card or the Poor Card, with a total of 22 million people enrolled in this round. When the final screening is intensive, it appears that only 14 million people have passed the screening for the eligibility of the state welfare card, i.e. Thai nationals aged 18 years and above, with an income not exceeding 100,000 baht per person per year, and the average family income of the registrant not exceeding 100,000 baht per year. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and Defense Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha spoke after the cabinet meeting about the case and ordered the Ministry of Finance to expedite the registration process. State Welfare Card Program 2022 and transfer money to the public by March 1, 2023 At the moment, I still think I should catch up because it is only in the process of checking the eligibility. A lot of things have been revised quite a bit. Both old and new, all need to be checked because there are rules, and we've expanded the rules quite a bit. We will see that the amount can increase throughout the year, which is not more poor, but there is an adjustment of the same properties, there is this level of income, but today we are expanding the income, so it must be adjusted here as well to be accessible and fair at the same time. The Cabinet yesterday (February 21) also approved an accelerated action to resolve debts for additional farmers. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet meeting approved a 1,500 million baht loan to the Farmers Rehabilitation and Development Fund to manage debts for member farmers. This is especially true in the case of non-performing debt (NPL) and asset management seized from debtors (NPAs) with 3,148 targeted farmers. When farmers are managing these debts. Will also have to enter into a vocational rehabilitation plan. The Prime Minister further directed in this case that the relevant authorities should carry out proper rights checks as well as order the debt resolution to be resolved as soon as possible.
The Bot cannot use the "mobile banking app".|Ms. Sirithida Phanomwan Na Ayutthaya, Assistant Governor Payment Systems Policy and Financial Technology Group Bank of Thailand (BOT) In the past, many commercial banks have improved the security system of mobile banking applications to prevent scammers from installing money-sucking applications, which is a form of tricking them into installing fake applications (file extensions.apk and using the accessibility service ability to control victims' machines and suck money from bank accounts. Accessibility Service 2.Checking the installation of applications installed from outside the Official Store (Play Store or App Store). However, if the user is unable to access mobile banking, please contact the call center or bank branch for assistance as soon as possible.
"Akom" Bie 2 Director-General in the case of Bangchak stock|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that he has now urged Mr. Champreon Photiyod to step down. Director-General of the Treasury Department and Ms. Kulya Tantitemit Director General of the Comptroller General Clarification of facts regarding the trading of shares of Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, including waiting for information from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) For consideration. In accordance with the Regulations of the Ministry of Finance on the Code of Conduct of the Ministry of Finance executives to prevent conflicts between personal and collective interests B.E. 2553, it is considered that the 30-day deadline for submitting the report has been expedited. (Board) to offer securities to directors or employees (Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP) by each director to 300,000 shares. Ms. Kulya paid to purchase 300,000 Bangchak shares at a price of Baht 28.14 per share on December 28, 2022 and sold them on January 13, 2023. At a price of 34-35 baht per shareSPONSORED, Mr. Champren has traded 4 times, the first time buying 200,000 shares on December 22, 2022. 31 Baht 2nd share price of 100,000 shares on 22 December 2022 The 3rd time is 300,000 shares at a price of 28.14 baht per share, while the 4th time is the sale of 150,000 shares at a price of 34.75 baht per share for sending a representative from the Ministry of Finance to be a bangchak 2 director. in proportion 24.58%.
Enforce euro standard 5 years 67 cabinet knock million homes phase 3 for low-income people|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet meeting approved the State Housing Loan Project or the Million Homes Project. Phase 3 of the Housing Bank to encourage low-income people to have their own housing at a low price that suits the potential of each group of people. This is especially true for low-income people who do not have access to commercial bank loans. Working age groups or people who are starting a family, including the elderly for the Million Homes Project. Phase 3: 20,000 million baht By Thor. Support loans to ordinary citizens who want to have their own homes. At a fixed interest rate of 3% for the first 5 years, the maximum approval limit is 1.5 million baht per person per collateral and the loan term is not more than 40 years. DEC 2025 OR UNTIL THE LOAN IS FULLY FUNDED ON THE SAME DAY. Miss RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Revealed that the meeting The Cabinet also agreed to modify the deadline for enforcing Euro 5 standards for new cars in accordance with the National Agenda Driving Action Plan. Dust pollution solution from 1 Jan 2024 onwards From 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the private sector cannot meet the deadline by 2021. The Minister tasked the Ministry of Industry to formulate a plan to implement the Euro 6 standard for new car products as soon as possible so that automakers can prepare and plan the production of cars without affecting the performance of the action plan. As for the incentive measures, the Ministry of Finance has stipulated that diesel pickup trucks with a PM value of not more than 0.005 grams per kilometer (equivalent to Euro 5 standard) will reduce excise tax.
Gold price today, February 22, 2023, opened Wednesday morning, up 100 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Wednesday morning, February 22, 2023, the price increased by 100 for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,100 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,600 baht per baht. Baht 22 On February 1, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.25 a.m., the price of gold rose by 100 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 30,000 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,455.88 baht per baht. Baht 30,600 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,000 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,727.94 baht Sell out 15,300 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,500 Baht Sell Out 7,525 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,363.97 Baht Sell Out 7,650 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,750 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,681.985 Baht Sell Out 3,825 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
The train is full of red signs. Automotive industry grows by thousands %|Mr. Surapong Paisitpattanapong, spokesperson for the Automotive Industry Group, Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) Revealed that the car production in January 2023 The company produced 91,532 units, up 7.43%, 66,312 units for domestic sales, down 0.35%, and domestic sales of 65,579 units, down 5.58% from the same period last year and down 20.80% from December 2022. Meanwhile, exports of 86,786 units increased by 24.28% from the same period last year, but decreased from December 2022, representing 22.24%. January 2023 stood at 2,929 units, up from 261 units in the same period last year, or 1,022%, partly due to China's leading electric vehicle company entering the Thai market. In January, 40,000 units were expected to be produced in Thailand, while 7,687 units of hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) increased by 76.51%, plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHEVs) 961 units, an increase of 33.10%, and cumulative electric vehicles registered in the BEV category were 36,775 units, an increase of 206.33%, HEV was 267,391 units, an increase of 33.11%, and PHEV was 43,360 units, an increase of 36.09%.
Krungsri Bank is ready to support ESG loans for sustainable growth in the business sector.|Krungsri Bank enters ESG market, confident of continued growth through MUFG network and provides financial support for social and sustainability projects of 50,000-100,000 million baht By 2030, on February 21, 2023, Mr. Anup Peeracharoen Chief Client Officer, Large Business and Investment Banking Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited (BAY) said that for the year 2022, Krungsri has successfully operated to promote business to large business customers and investment banking. The number of loans for business customers grew by 2% compared to the previous year. There are more than 474,500 million baht in outstanding loans. Krungsri has always focused on the concept of environmental, social and good governance towards sustainability or ESG financing. Krungsri supports more than 35 billion baht in sustainability finance This underscores Krungsri's success in ESG by offering products and services that continuously promote sustainability.  For the past year Krungsri has been a part of helping business customers succeed in their sustainability business through a number of important deals. For example, he is a distributor of sustainability bonds for the Public Debt Management Office. The Ministry of Finance has also been trusted by Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited to support sustainability loans worth 3,000 million baht. and co-distribution of sustainability debentures. Mr. Pratap said that Krungsri has also offered financial products to promote the environment by being a distributor of green bonds to the Export-Import Bank of Thailand. Global Power Synergy Public Company Limited and Sri Trang Gloves (Thailand) Public Company Limited, as well as providing green loan support to Central Pattana Public Company Limited.  In addition to its expertise and business success in ESG, Krungsri also provides investment banking advisory services in many important deals. In cooperation with Krungsri Securities Public Company Limited. Krungsri's subsidiaries have become one of the underwriters and underwriters of the distribution of ordinary shares to Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited. The initial public offering (IPO), which is the highest IPO of shares in the insurance and life insurance sector in Thai capital market history, has also the highest offering value in Southeast Asia since 2000. To offer to existing ordinary shareholders to RATCH Group Public Company Limited, which is an offering of newly issued ordinary shares to existing ordinary shareholders. At the same time, as a financial advisor, Krungsri provides M&A consulting and helps find partners to drive regional business growth for the company. Super Energy Corporation Public Company Limited Through a strong partnership between Krungsri MUFG team and Security Bank Philippines, mufg's network financial group, Mr. Assemble said, "For the business direction in 2023, we will continue to pursue our goal of increasing our customers' business potential in accordance with the medium-term business plan, targeting 5% loan growth and continuing to support ESG Finance. To provide financial support to social and sustainability projects of 50,000-100,000 million baht. The Large Business and Investment Banking Group remains committed to becoming a Trusted Partner through 3 main strategies: - Develop financial products to promote sustainable business operations and educate about ESG financing in the global financial market with MUFG by continuously offering social products and services such as loans linked to sustainability operations. Krungsri has established a Centre of Excellence to take care of the needs of business customers in the field of ESG financing, as well as to focus on ensuring the sustainability funding framework in accordance with international standards, including applying knowledge from MUFG to benefit business customers and help develop Thailand's sustainable financial market to be stronger- Enhancing the potential of Total Financing & Hedging Solutions through the presentation of financial innovations that meet the needs of customers. With an understanding of different and diverse industries, we are ready to serve customers in every process and seam of doing business. In addition, it provides consulting, analysis and data support for business planning. - Join forces with MUFG through a network of more than 50 countries, linking the Bank's ability to provide services to KBank partners to create added value while enhancing potential and expanding business opportunities for both domestic and ASEAN customers. To support the need to expand business to the region in accordance with the GO ASEAN with krungsri guidelines.
Confident of sales growth exceeding 800 billion baht, new OR pump uses AI to measure carbon emissions|"OR" Sales target for this year exceeds 800 billion baht. Get the economy back, tourism wakes up, China raises troops to visit Opened investment budget of 31 billion baht The lifestyle business is preparing to launch a new "flagship store" pump, focusing on retail space, clean energy, using AI to calculate the carbon emissions of cars entering and exiting the pump. Opening of the first branch in Vibhavadi 62 months in May, Mr. Distat Panyarachun, Chief Executive Officer of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), revealed that this year OR will push forward the vision of "Empowering All toward Inclusive Growth" to achieve tangible results. Orr will also seek new partners and investments to meet all lifestyles. Orr's existing business is still a driver of growth, but this year will focus on lifestyle business because it meets the profitability well. In May, OR will open a new gas station called "Flagship Store" Vibhavadi 62, which will be a large pump that focuses on increasing retail space and using new technologies that focus on clean energy, such as the installation of EV charging pumps and solar rooftop sponsored. This flagship store pump will be a prototype to expand to other flagship stores in the future. The first flagship store pump is expected to open in May. and 2nd place in the quarter. 3The existing business group will focus on maintaining its leadership, including the expansion of ptt station with an additional 100 locations and EV Station PluZ with an additional 500 chargers. From the current 300 chargers and 7,000 chargers by 2030 to become the leader in EV infrastructure in Thailand within this year. "This year, it is expected that OR's oil sales will increase from 2022 with sales of 800 billion baht, in line with thailand's economic growth, as well as china's opening up to a large number of Chinese tourists coming to Thailand, and jet fuel sales will return to pre-COVID-19 levels." Thailand grew 15% from 2021, while OR grew 18% or market share by 1.2% to 43.2%.
Hong Kong gives green light to crypto trading as Beijing backs hopes to reclaim the asian financial hub's throne|On February 20th, it passed. Hong Kong authorities have revealed plans to allow retail investors to trade cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, allowing them to trade only on exchanges authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC), while protecting consumers. By testing your knowledge, risk profile, and reasonable limits to take risks first. Earlier in late October 2022, Hong Kong launched the G-Rocket program to support Web3 businesses with the goal of attracting Chinese entrepreneurs from overseas and mainland China to rebuild and rebuild Hong Kong's confidence as Asia's financial hub. After facing political interference from China causing brain drain, including lockdowns under strict COVID control measures that have caused significant economic damage, beijing has signaled support behind the scenes. Chinese officials have observed several crypto conferences held in Hong Kong, exchanged information and monitored the progress of the project. In a recent speech on the cooperation between the Central Bank of China and the Bank of Hong Kong in the development of Chinese digital currencies by Yi Gang, the Governor of the People's Bank of China has made it clear that he supports Hong Kong's ambition to become a finTechSPONSORED hub. After the collapse of the FTX, which resulted in a sluggish crypto market and strict crypto control laws by rivals like Singapore, Hong Kong was able to achieve its goals. There is no denying that there is a need to attract Chinese crypto entrepreneurs. In the past, it has diversified into businesses in Singapore and other countries. While awaiting clarity on Hong Kong's laws and regulatory guidelines, refer to Bloomberg1, Bloomberg2.
AP reports 2022 total revenue of 49,388 million and net profit soars to 5.87 billion|AP reported 2022 total revenue of 49,388 million baht, net profit soaring to 5,870 million, and strong low-rise projects with revenues of 35,605 million baht on February 22, 2023. Chanthawimol, Deputy Managing Director Corporate Strategy and Creative Division AP Thailand (AP) said that in the past 65 years, the company has been able to generate total revenue from flat products. Condominium group (100% JV) and other businesses up to 49,388 million baht This was an increase of 23.4% compared to the same period last year with total revenue of Baht 40,015 million and net profit of Baht 5,876 million. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was able to generate total revenue from flat products, up from the same period last year with a net profit of Baht 4,543 million, equal to 29.4%. Condominium group (100% JV) and other businesses amounted to 11,822 million baht. Growth of 22% and net profit of 1,154 million baht Growth of 16.1% compared to the same period last yearSPONSORED for key factors resulted in the company's previous year. The project's growth includes: 1. Low-rise projects prove strong performance and remain a key driver in revenue generation of 35,605 million baht. Up to 21.8% 2. Last year, the Company realized additional revenue from 3 new condominiums that were completed and ready to move in, namely LIFE Sathorn Sierra, RHYTHM Ekkamai Estate and ASPIRE Erawan Prime, resulting in the condominium business being able to drive total revenue (100% JV) by 12,767 million baht. multiply 29.5%.
Thai stocks today, February 22, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 4.96 points, the index was at 1,663 points.|Thai Stocks Today Morning stock market close, down 4.96 The index is at 1,663.67. Turnover 31,119.85 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today announced today on The 22nd. In February 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell by 4.96. The index was at 1,663.67. The turnover was 31,119.85 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. CP All Public Company Limited 3. Singer Thailand Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. Pure Energy Public Company Limited.
TCAP announces 2022 profit of 6,428 million baht, supported by associated companies and subsidiaries |Thanachart Capital reported 2022 profit of 6,428 million baht, supported by associated companies and subsidiaries, including the expansion of loans through Thanachart Plus on February 23, 2023. Moosirilert The President of Thanachart Capital Public Company Limited (TCAP) said that in 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had a net profit of Baht 6,428 million. The net profit attributable to the Company amounted to Baht 5,220 million. This was primarily due to a decrease in non-interest income due to a decrease in non-interest income due to the Company's recognition of special items from NPA reserve transfers. Excluding special items from the NPA reserve transfer, the Company will have a net profit increase of 13.7% due to the growth of key subsidiaries and associated companies and the ability to meet the targets set after the COVID-19 pandemic. Unraveling In addition, the Company has invested in increasing its shareholding in subsidiaries and associated companies, as well as expanding its assets through lending to Thanachart Plus in secured lending, which is an investment in a business in which the Company has expertise. In other words, the Company increased its stake in TMB Thanachart Bank from 23.32% to 24.87% and Ratchathani Leasing from 60.16% to 60.61% during 2022 and purchased shares of Thanachart Insurance and Thanachart Securities. In 4Q22, the shareholding of both companies increased from 50.96% to 89.96%SPONSORED. Thanachart Plus As a result, loans grew from 2,000 million baht to 4,000 million baht. The total investment and loans amounted to 8,267 million baht. The growth in 2023 will come from two parts: from the growth of subsidiaries and associated companies, which are expected to perform better after the COVID crisis, and from investments used to increase the proportion of investments in subsidiaries and associated companies, as well as additional loans to Thanachart Plus. All that the management has done is to build on the success of thanachart group. For the opportunity to generate sustainable returns for shareholders in the future.
JTS shares fell after the company announced plans to stop mining Bitcoin in the country, turning to the business of setting up communication systems instead.|The share price movement of Jasmine Technology Solutions Public Company Limited (JTS) fell sharply, with the latest price at 40.00 baht or 4.76%, under pressure today from the announcement of the cessation of bitcoin mining in the country. The company revealed that its plans for 2023 due to the impact and spread of Covid-19 have decreased, and the company is confident that thailand's economy will expand and invest more. It focuses on the design and implementation of telecommunication systems. Telecommunication network service business and computer system procurement, design and installation business, focusing on target customers who are large juristic persons, Internet service providers, and focus on renewable or clean energy businesses in accordance with green trends. In particular, solar power generation is both a distributor and a one-stop service provider. The Company continues to carefully monitor the circumstances affecting the bitcoin mining business, especially the rising cost of electricity. THEREFORE, THE COMPANY HAS TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED ITS BITCOIN MINING BUSINESS FROM JANUARY 2023 AND CONSIDERED THE OPTION TO RELOCATE THE BITCOIN MINING BASE TO A FOREIGN COUNTRY WITH POTENTIAL BOTH RESOURCES AND GOVERNMENT SUPPORT, ESPECIALLY LOW ELECTRICITY COSTS.
It's going to be a little bit longer... The survey reveals that if you want to retire, you must have 100 million baht. That's enough. |A survey of 553 global investors by MLIV Pulse found that more than a third of investors are optimistic about retirement plans that a minimum of $3-5 million in savings will be enough to live after retirement, although the number of American retirement savings accounts fell by 20% last year due to inflation and higher borrowing rates, which affected the S&P500 index invested by U.S. retirement funds. According to a 2021 report by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, only about two-thirds of U.S. private sector workers have access to a retirement savings plan in the workplace. In addition, Vanguard's survey data indicates that the savings balance of a targeted retirement savings plan account of $5 million has an average balance of $100,000 at the end of 2022. Debt securities act as a support for potential losses from risky assets. Although shares of global tech companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet and Meta have improved from last year and accounted for 20% of the U.S. stock market, investors expect new market leaders to emerge. To help drive the performance of the U.S. stock market, it replaces the existing conglomerate that indices usually hold back over the next 3-5 years. About 56% of respondents still follow traditional retirement plans and about 8% say they think they shouldn't have a retirement date.
Check the status of the "State Welfare Card", prepare to announce the names of 14 million qualified people.|On March 1, the Ministry of Finance announced the names of 14 million eligible "State Welfare Card" registrants and instructed relevant authorities to prepare for those who "do not qualify" to appeal further. Deputy Finance Minister Santi Phrompat said at a meeting of the monitoring committee on the progress. The State Welfare Program 2022, or Poor People's Card, found that the number of people who did not meet the criteria to receive state welfare rights was up to 40% of the number of registrations. Preliminary screening of 19 million qualified people, and thereafter intensive screening of eligibility. It synced 40 government agencies, leaving only 14 million qualified people. When the number of registrants is minus the number of qualified persons, it is considered that there are as many as 8 million people who do not meet the welfare criteria, and if the list is to be announced, there will be chaos during the appeal process. On March 1, Mr. Santi continued, "Based on the preliminary discussions, 14 million qualified candidates are expected to be announced. the other 8 million. It has instructed Krungthai Bank as the author of the state welfare registration information system. The information of non-qualified persons for state welfare must also be submitted to the Ministry of Finance so that the information can be checked again. In the first round, Krungthai Bank's system screened 19 million people who qualified for the state welfare patent, and when the final screening was intensified, it appeared that only 14 million people were screened for the qualifications of those who would receive the state welfare card, namely Thai nationals aged 18 years and above, with an income not exceeding 100,000 baht per person, and the average family income of the registrant not exceeding 100,000 baht per year.
This evening, hurry to refill OR-Bangchak, announcing an increase in the "oil price". All kinds of sohol groups|"PTT Station" and "Bangchak" announce a 30-baht increase in gasohol price High Premium 97 increased by 20 sat. Meanwhile, in the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. It starts at 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 22nd. Feb 2023 Reporter: PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Meanwhile, the High Premium 97 product increased by 20 satang/litre. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on the 23rd The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.35 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.08 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.04 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Thai stocks today, February 22, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 9.15 points, the index was at 1,659 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 9.15. The index was at 1,659.48. Turnover 55,106.24 On February 22, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index fell 9.15, a change of -0.55%, to 1,659.48. The index peaked at 1,667.99. The index is as low as 1,656.50. The turnover was 55,106.24 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. CP All Public Company Limited 3. Singer Thailand Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5.
Summary of conditions Million Homes Phase 3 Project, what is the interest? What kind of loan can I get? |It's an opportunity for those who want to have a home again. The Cabinet approved the State Housing Loan Program (Million Homes Project Phase 3) of The Housing Bank (THOR) to target low-income groups. People of working age and those who want to build families, including the elderly, with a project limit of 20 billion baht. This is a major opportunity for people who want to have a home by what the conditions for considering the project are and what is the interest rate. In terms of The Million Homes Project Phase 3, the same criteria and conditions as the Million Homes Project and the Million Homes Phase 2 project require that the price of houses or housing to participate in the project must not exceed 1.5 million baht. The maximum loan term is 40 years, must have residence in Bangkok and vicinity and upcountry, residential property built on own land or newly built housing. It was completed and built on privately owned land. Business operators of development, real estate or government land Land of the National Housing Authority Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) of State Financial Institutions (SFI), foreclosures of Bangkok Commercial Asset Management Public Company Limited (BAM) and Sukhumvit Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SAM), as well as foreclosures of the Department of Enforcement, etc. For after the 8th year as well as the term of the loan agreement. In case of general retail, the interest rate is MRR - 0.75 percent per annum - in case of salary deduction benefit, the interest rate is MRR - 1.00 percent per annum, but there will be free fees, collateral appraisal fees not exceeding 2,300 baht and registration fees. 1% of the mortgage amount with the project period to apply for a loan from the date that the Cabinet has approved the end of the project on December 30, 2025 or when the loan amount has been fully paid according to the credit limit.
Thai Wah Double gilen vermicelli Aiming for 20% growth this year with a budget of 2 billion Expand production capacity - Invest in startups|Thai Wah Public Company Limited (TWPC) announces its 2022 financial results, reaching 10 billion baht for the first time, with total sales revenue of 10,421 million baht. Up 14% year-on-year Sales continued to grow in double digits across all product categories, higher than before the pandemic, with EBITDA from 2019-2022 increasing by more than 21%, with the company's core revenue coming from tapioca starch business at 49%, HVA products at 32% (other products made from tapioca starch). Ready-to-eat food business 19% Mr. Ho Ren Hwa, Chief Executive Officer, Thai Wah Public Company Limited He said the company has devoted its time during the COVID-19 pandemic. Prepare yourself to seize post-COVID opportunities by empowering the company's entire value chain and developing supply chain and sales team capabilities for the global market. These preparations have made Thai Wah ready for the post-COVID market recovery. The trend of health love continues to increase. Climate change will lead to sustainable agriculture, which is in line with Thai Wah's business that can meet the needs of the food market. "The 2023 Plan of Action is to expand its production base to India, Indonesia and the United States, focusing on B2C and B2B markets. There is a tendency to increase from the opening of the country and the demand for domestic products to increase. Until 2025, expand production and distribution base worldwide. AgriTech has invested 500-1,000 million baht in food startups through Thai Wah Ventures, which was established in 2022, as well as enhancing production efficiency in the cassava business by 600 million baht. Energy system improvement in the factory 300 million baht The company aims to supply more than 15 megawatts of renewable energy and develop bioplastic production lines and products that generate 200 million baht in added value from cassava. "Thai Wah" It has been in the agricultural, industrial and food business for 75 years, exporting to more than 35 countries around the world. It operates mainly in 5 countries with a total of 15 factories and offices consisting of 3 main businesses, namely tapioca starch and modified tapioca starch business under rose brand. Double Dragon, Hong and Double Gilen and Bioplastic products from tapioca starch under the ROSECO brand were recently launched in 2022.
Ai, a game changer for Microsoft business, may not just shake the throne of Google, but Amazon too.|ChatGPT, a smart chatbot developed by OpenAI, a global research team for artificial intelligence that Microsoft has invested heavily in collaborating, has previously launched a new product to lead Bing to the fight for search engines. After Google dominated the market with over 92% of this cake share, a level that has long been called depleted. While Microsoft's Bing, with a market share of only 3.42% (as of 2022), the launch of a new version of Bing, accompanied by the fever of ChatGPT, has earned Microsoft a glimpse of the media as a major competitor who could once again disrupt Google's search engine business. Of course, Microsoft is not just looking at one point, but it's a battle for the entire ecosystem, especially the cloud sector, which is not just Google, but also Amazon that has Amazon Web Service (AWS) that dominates the cloud market. I'll take you to the answer along the way.  Previous Microsoft Thailand The house was opened for the media to visit various solutions and talk to the management team. Deputy Managing Director, Corporate Solutions Microsoft Thailand has explained to us the capabilities of Genetive AI technology behind chatGPT's intelligence, which has a GPT-3 model, a language model that drives the ability to create text. Process information and draw conclusions and respond to us naturally as if talking to people. This is another step for humanity to interact with technology after announcing Bing, a data search service that integrates ChatGPT's capabilities to capture media space from Google's 'Bard' AI-Chatbot, launched a few days earlier. Microsoft and OpenAI have been working closely together for a long time, with Microsoft developing supercomputers to train OpenAI and help bring OpenAI products to market (go to market). Investing in OpenAI is like firing a single gun at two birds, or perhaps more, in addition to presenting chatGPT's intelligence, another highlight of this open house is Azure OpenAI Service, a service that allows businesses to create AI applications with modern and reliable models. First of all, it must be explained that OpenAI is not only a GPT model that has been transformed into ChatGPT, a favorite of netizens, but also 3 other models that Microsoft has adopted in Azure OpenAI, namely, Azure OpenAI covers the work from the cloud as well as various forms of API and service within the Microsoft ecosystem. Developers build apps more efficiently for business in Thailand The first group interested is mainly companies that have already undergone digital transformation or already use AI, so they want to use Generative AI to enhance their work. The goal of Microsoft and OpenAI is to create mass adoption for general organizations to access Generative AI. The key skills we should have are Prompt and Edit, which means entering questions or commands for AI to work. Organizations that do not have a plan to implement AI will be at a disadvantage to the organizations that use it," Mr. Sruj said of the 'cloud business', "Expanding the system to support the potential of AI will definitely accelerate the growth of the cloud business. Microsoft announced its 2022 results will be driven by Microsoft's service capabilities, as the massive data processing process is followed by massive upgrades to the database, and of course, the introduction of services that target enterprise customers quickly generates significant revenue. Microsoft is still second with 23%, but the trend continues to increase from the previous quarter to 21%, which means that it only takes 3 months to increase its share by 2%, while AWS itself remains number one, but it is worth noting that the market share has fallen from 34% to 33%, and Google 11% at third, as well as other fast-growing positions, reflecting the fiercely competitive cloud business outlook (based on data from Synergy Research Group as of Feb. 6, 2023). As mentioned in the annotation, here we can see some signs by applying OpenAI's AI model to strengthen upstream to downstream. However, it remains to be seen whether the decades of sowing AI will bear fruit.
K-Culture cooking Korean food in Thailand grows by leaps and bounds Bibigo kimchi sells first and foremost.|K-Culture cooking South Korean food in Thailand has grown by leaps and bounds, A-Best revealed the best-selling bibigo kimchi, followed by Mandu or Korean dumplings, Korean sauce and Korean chili paste on February 22, 2023. Executive Director of A-Best Co., Ltd. said, "In the past, the growth trend of Korean food industry in Thailand and the growing demand of Thai consumers, we have joint venture with CJ Cheiljedang. Imported no.1 food brand in Korea such as bibigo or bibico. To import and distribute Korean food brands. CJ Cheiljedang Korea, korea is the number one giant in various industries including the food industry in Korea for more than 70 years, equipped with advanced production technology with expertise in R&D and production and branding of both bibigo and cj group brands to be known worldwide. A-BEST plays a role in marketing and distributing products under the A-BEST brand. Bibigo and CJ Group by distributing products across all channels nationwide to provide consumers with the most convenient access to productsSPONSORED, however, the cooperation of the two companies will be an opportunity for Thailand to become a production base for exported food products to the global market. We aim for annual growth of 40-50% within 3 years for products that are the main sales generators such as kimchi, mandu or Korean dumplings, Korean sauces and Korean pastes. In the past, the market in Thailand has grown, especially kimchi, which is considered a bestseller, and in 2022, we were able to close sales of more than 300 million baht," Mr. Chayapongs said. Focus on marketing The goal is to create brand awareness through the brand's presenter, Park Seo-joon. Famous Korean actors organize many campaigns for customers to get to know the brand. Bibigo is a traditional Korean food flavor to become a brand that is in the consumer's mind or Top Of Mind, as well as create engagement through various channels by becoming part of the lifestyle of people who like Korean culture through communication campaigns and activities through online channels. In addition, there are marketing activities both online and offline for customers to try products and access real Korean flavors. With good cooperation from partner partners.
Supalai shows 2022 profit of 8,173 million baht, prepares dividend of 0.75 baht per share|Supalai created a big new record in 2022, collecting 35,501 million baht in revenue. Net profit increased by 20%, net profit of Baht 8,173 million, growth of more than 16%, and dividend of Baht 0.75 per share. Managing Director of Supalai Public Company Limited (SPALI) said that the company's overall performance in 2022 has been able to achieve significant growth, exceeding the target by setting a new high for the company in terms of revenue, profit and ownership transfer. After having already recorded the highest revenue and profit in 2021, in 2022, it grew due to the recovery from the demand for housing and the support of government and financial institution measures. Reflecting the confidence and purchasing power of customers, as well as the planned launch of new projects in the low-rise and condominium segments, the Company has also created another phenomenon of great new highs, smashing the record for revenue and profit. Total revenue grew by leaps and bounds to 35,501 million baht. 20% increase from 2021, exceeding the target of 29,000 million baht, divided into revenue from property ownership transfer of 34,222 million baht. In 2021, we increased by 18% from 2021, consisting of 54% of the transfer revenue from low-rise projects and 46% of condominiums, and generated a net profit of 8,173 million baht, a growth of 16%, resulting in a net interest-bearing debt to equity ratio of only 49%SPONSORED. 35% increase from 2021 at Thb 24,069 million This is divided into the sales of newly opened and completed condominiums worth 10,495 million baht. 82% and sales of low-rise products in the low-rise category amounted to 21,938 million baht. The Board of Directors' meeting resolved to approve the dividend payment for the 2022 financial year to shareholders at the rate of Baht 1.45 per share, the interim dividend payment at the rate of Baht 0.70 per share, and the remaining dividend payment for the last 6 months of 2022 at the rate of Baht 0.75 per share. On 23 May 2023
Government Lottery Ordered to dismantle the ticket reservation system to 3 copies.|Mr. Laworn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department as Chairman of the Board of Directors (Board) Government Lottery The office has revised the proportion of government lottery sales, with the digital lottery number increasing to 19 million on March 16. From the current 17 million 2.5 million tickets for Lottery 80 Corporate Quota Lottery Foundations 30 million baht 48.5 million tickets for the system registrant, including 100 million tickets"48.5 million tickets for the system registrants, will be re-allocated on April 1, with 140,000 existing registrants getting everyone. 3 copies or 300 copies, totaling 42 million copies. The remaining 6.5 million It is open for registrants to queue up to buy 3 more books again. As a result, only 21,000 traders were eligible for the 6-book lottery. If the merchant in the reservation system wants to keep the 5 copies back, they can notify the office to log in to the digital lottery system quickly (fasttax) without having to wait in line, not having to reapply. "The allocation of the number of new tickets from 5 to 3 copies to solve the problem of lottery competition of the subscribing system traders because some people can, some people do not, but from now on everyone will get it. But if you want to get 3 more copies, you have to queue up for the reservation system according to the announced date. People can come first to reduce the problem of fighting, but if there is still a problem of fighting, then we must solve the problem again. "SPONSORED" for the origin of the increase of digital tickets from 17 million to 19 million tickets from the confiscation of quotas from 10,000 retail traders who breached the office contract from 20,000 to 30,000, and also in the account to be reclaimed by another 20,000-30,000.
"Commercial" runs the flip side, solves the expensive lemon knot. Use a mobile car to sell 3 baht per ball throughout Bangkok.|Mr. Wattanasak Tiger Iam The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade revealed that he is prepared to cope with the rising price of lemons, which are now number 1-2 lemons in Bangkok, increasing to an average of 5-7 baht per ball, up from 3.90-4.50 baht last month. Retail price for consumers An average of 3 baht per ball is the price that the Department has linked from the central market. Mobile vehicles will be sold at 100 community locations throughout Bangkok metropolitan area from February 23 for the situation of lemons rising due to the cold weather and drought, which is not conducive to growth, coupled with heavy rains and floods in some areas. As a result, output in key production sites is damaged. The price is rising, which is normal every year, and has reiterated that operators should close the price tag clearly. If violated, legal action will be taken. In case of not having a price tag A fine not exceeding 10,000 baht or excessive profit Imprisonment not exceeding 7 years, a fine not exceeding 140,000 baht or both.
"Makro" also uses the same brand, just changed the name of CP Axtra Company.|Reporters reported that the Corporate Communications Department of Siam Makro Public Company Limited (MAKRO) informed the Stock Exchange that the Board of Directors' meeting on February 20, 2023 approved the change of the company's name and seal to CP Axtra Public Company Limited, as well as the change of the securities symbol from "MAKRO" to "CPAXT". Confirm that the wholesale business still uses the brand name. "MAKRO" and its retail operations still use the brand name. "Lotus's" as before. There is no change. The change of the company's name still has to wait for shareholders to approve it. The 66th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held in November 2020. The company is expected to register its name change within the second quarter of this year.
Private sector cheers for billions of "NSC" to win elections, don't be violently opposed|The NESDB pointed out that the direction of the economy depends on politics and general elections. Let's help keep the atmosphere from violent conflict because it affects the decision to invest in foreign investment, the private sector cheers for the election, asks for a new government quickly, hopes for a new stimulus policy, expects hundreds of billions of baht in election money. Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) He said the upcoming elections in 2023 are a key issue for economic management. The NESDB has given weight to maintaining the economic and political climate in the country that will have a significant impact on economic growth this year. This is especially true to keep the political climate from violent conflict. From geopolitical conflicts that have arisen in many regions. As a result, many foreign investors are interested in investing in Thailand. However, due to elections this year, there has been some delay in investment, but it is believed that if the political climate can be maintained this year, there will be no violent conflicts. After the election, foreign investors will come to invest, resulting in an increase in foreign direct investment, Mr. Danucha said, adding that the NESDB expects that in 2023, macroeconomic support will be supported by the recovery of the tourism sector. Private investment is expected to expand 2.1% year-on-year from 5.1%, while public investment is expected to expand 2.7%, down from 4.9% in 2022. That's 39% higher than pre-COVID. The total number of investment promotion approvals was 1,554, down 1% from 618,615 million baht. 21 And the issuance of promotion cards amounted to 1,490 projects, an increase of 9% to 489,088 million baht. Up to 21%SPONSORED Mr. Sanee Ang Ubonkul Chairman of the Board The Thai Chamber of Commerce and The Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce said it was good to have a clear election date announced. In order for both politicians and businesses to prepare for the election process, including the government to consider the pending issues, which during the formation of the government believe that it is unlikely to affect the recovering economy much. If the government is stable and stable. There are clear democratic election results. "During the election period, it is believed that there will be a sufficient amount of money in circulation as estimated by the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce at 80,000-90,000 million baht, and we would like to form a government after the election as soon as possible in order to consider and use the budget in time, as well as to have the next phase of economic stimulus measures."
"Commerce" launches GHI Product Plan 2023 to increase the value of Thai local products - Sustainable Income|Commerce launches plan to push local products in Thailand in 2023, prepares to register 19 "G.I. products" and submit 1 application abroad Opening the way for value-added local Thai products Believe that it can prevent violations, ensure that manufacturers have a stable and sustainable income after the past 65 years, the market value surpassed 48 billion baht. The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that the Department of Intellectual Property, Ministry of Commerce has successfully pushed localities across the country. Recently, 177 local products have been registered in Thailand, covering 77 provinces, generating a market value of more than 48 billion baht. India, Indonesia, Cambodia, Vietnam: Jasmine rice, Thung Kula, weeping. Phatthalung rice, Doi Chang coffee, Doi Tung coffee, Isaan traditional Thai silk, Lamphun flower silk "Some people may not know what "JI" products are, let's understand here that GHI is a product that comes from a specific source or is produced from a specific locality only, as a result of specific wisdom or specific geographical characteristics of that locality, such as soil, air, minerals, resulting in products with characteristics and flavors that the same products from other localities do not have and cannot be imitated. G.I. is like a local "brand" that indicates the quality, the source of the product," Mr. Sinit said, adding that if you look carefully, the GHI product will always have the name of the village, subdistrict, district or province that is the source of production. Like jasmine rice, thung kula cried. There is the word "Thung Kula Weeping", which is a large field in the Northeast in 5 provinces, namely Maha Sarakham, Roi Et, Yasothon, Sisaket and Surin. The manufacturer is covered. Other locals produce the same products. It is a violation punishable under the Geographical Indication Protection Act B.E. 2546 and also increases the value of the product many times because it is good, quality, rare to the locality, helping to raise the local income and the manufacturer must maintain the quality. Product standards to maintain the image and reputation of the product. As a result, it has expanded its market both domestically and internationally, as well as opened production sites as a source of tourism. Increase community income Meanwhile, consumers will have more confidence because G.I. products will have a certification logo on the product, guaranteeing the quality of the product standard for 2023, Mr. Sinit said. The company plans to register 19 more products, such as Surat Thani fish. Durian drained yala chicken betong yala Mackerel, maeklong salt, mango with flower water, ban lon In addition, it will go to the production area where new products have the potential to be registered as G.I. products to study the production facts. Held an educational meeting for manufacturers, entrepreneurs and related agencies with 33 potential products from 10 provinces, such as Lychee Emperor Fang, Orange Honeysuckle Pong, Fang Hot Water. Chiang Mai, Som Shogun Yala, Mukdahan cotton, Mekong river tilapia Mukdahan At the same time, an application for GHI registration will be prepared for protection in the country. In total, 7 requests from 5 provinces, namely, reed mats, horse doctors, Amnat Charoen, rabbit marble. Kamphaeng Phet, Phang Nga Sea Leech Phang Nga, Doi Muse Tak Coffee, Bang Nara Narathiwat Durian, Emperor Fang Lychee and Fang Honeysuckle Orange Chiang Mai, as well as preparing one application for GHI Thai registration to apply for protection abroad, plans to file in the European Union. Chan pepper and lamphun silk as a G.I. Thai product. The Department will develop and upgrade products to create more added value by selecting 10 potential GHI entrepreneurs to participate in product development and packaging training to enhance products, promote marketing channels both domestically and internationally. Both online and offline markets, sponsored quality control system "GHI products need to establish a standard quality control system in order to obtain consistent quality products, will carry out 2 activities, namely, establishing quality control systems and standards for 9 products in 7 provinces, such as Mudmi Sin Red Silk, Trang Pepper, Ban Mo Taro Saraburi, Saket Roi Et silk, etc.", as well as certifying the quality control system of G.I. Thai products according to international standards to trace the source of products throughout the process 6 products, 9 provinces, namely Hom Mali Thung Kula Cry Rice, Doi Tung Chiang Rai Coffee, Pomegranate Siam Pak Phanang Nakhon Si Thammarat, Phatthalung Rice Drop Phatthalung, Tamarind Phetchabun, Phetchabun Tamarind and Durian Prachin, as well as providing product labels and packaging with the JI logo to help create awareness and added value, a total of 9 products such as Mudmi silk, Buriram Red Foot, Taro Fragrant Ban Mo Saraburi, Trang pepper, Songkhla Lake Triple snapper, etc. Generate income for farmers, producers in the community in a stable, sustainable way, and create better living conditions".
CPN shows 2022 profit of 10,760 million with Retail-Led Mixed-Use Development|CPN shows 2022 profit of 10,760 million baht with total revenue of 37,155 million and flagged Retail-Led Mixed-Use Development to develop a fully integrated real estate project on February 23, 2023. Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President Finance, Accounting and Risk Management Division, Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) said that the company's 2022 financial results The recovery continued to be similar to 2019 before the COVID crisis, driven by positive factors from the continued recovery of the Thai economy as well as public spending at the end of the year. As well as measures to help and stimulate shopping by both the public and private sectors, the Company's 2022 revenue totaled 37,155 million baht. Net profit increased by 28% year on year to 2021 and net profit of Baht 10,760 million In 4Q22, we launched new projects, namely GO! Hotel Bowin Chonburi Premium Budget Hotel, as well as launched 5 residential projects, namely ESCENT VILLE, Chachoengsao, Suphanburi and ESCENT Trang, and 2 single-family projects, NIRATI Chiang Mai and NINYA Ratchaphruek. Central Westville, worth more than 6,200 million baht, will open in Q4/2023, and the former Community Mall 'Marché Thonglor', or Market Place Thonglor, will meet the best living needs in Thonglor. In addition, there are 2 new mixed-use projects at Central Nakhon Sawan and Central Nakhon Pathom worth 14,000 million baht that will be opened around Q1-2 of 2024. In 2023, the Company is in the process of studying the leasing of additional assets to CPNREIT, which the Company plans to conduct in the second half of 2023. Central Pattana manages a total of 39 shopping centers, including 37 Central Shopping Centers (15 in Bangkok and vicinity, 21 in upcountry and 1 in Malaysia), 1 Esplanade shopping center and Mega Bangna (under 1 joint venture) and 17 community malls with a total net leasable area of 2.3 million square meters. ESCENT TOWN, ESCENT AVENUE NINYA, NIYAM and a variety of low-rise projects under the ESCENT TOWN, ESCENT AVENUE NINYA, and a variety of low-rise projects under the ESCENT TOWN. NIRATI at Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Bangna and Don Mueang In addition, there is a Dusit Central Park big project jointly developed with Dusit Thani Public Company Limited, which will be gradually opened in 2024 onwards. The company also studied investment opportunities in new businesses with high growth potential in order to expand new revenue streams and align with future growth plans in a stable and sustainable manner.
MQDC sprung up Cloud 11, a mixed-use project of 40 billion Onnut-Udomsuk area for content line|Magnolia Quality Development Corporation Co., Ltd. (MQDC) launches Cloud 11 (Cloud Eleven), a mixed-use project worth 40,000 million baht On an area of 27 rai on Sukhumvit Road, near BTS Udomsuk Station under the concept of "Empowering Creators", which intends to attract content creators. Popular careers of the new generation to use the space to develop their business and create work as the first group. (2009). The director of Cloud 11 said: The Creator Economy is a key cog in driving the entertainment industry in this new era. With a lot of talent in Thailand but not enough support space, MQDC wants to create a dedicated content industry real estate project aiming to become 'Asia's largest content creator hub'. Equipment, technology, and funding for the creation of a variety of content, including music, podcasts, etc. Movies, short videos Animation, games and artwork IT ALSO AIMS TO DEVELOP THE SOUTHERN SUKHUMVIT AREA (ONNUT-PHRAKHANONG-UDOMSUK-PUNWITHI) INTO AN INNOVATION DISTRICT AND READY TO DRAW BUSINESS AND INVESTMENT SECTORS TO SUCH AREAS. Aim to generate the main revenue from office zones and shopping center zones. At present, the project has 40% of the business interested in purchasing the shopping center area, which will be completed by the 4th quarter of 2024 and will be operational in 2025 onwards. Details of the "Cloud Project" have not been disclosed. Eleven consists of 1) Creative Office & Studio Space Office & Studio Space Open 24 hours2) Hybrid Retail shopping center zone supports creator fulfillment center, Cloud Kitchen3) Smart Hotel zone and lifestyle hotel 2 buildings to launch two new global brands of hotels4) Education Zone, Educational Institutions and Research Centers5) Cultural Hall Zone Concert Hall Esports Tournaments Blackbox Theatre6) Public Space, Bangkok's largest sky garden
Osotspa announces 2022 profit of 1.9 billion baht, down 40%|Mrs. Wannipa Phakdeebutr Chief Executive Officer of Osotspa Public Company Limited or OSP, Thailand's leading manufacturer and distributor of consumer products. In 2022, the Company had sales revenue of 27,266 million baht. It rose 1.9%, driving revenue growth from a diversified energy drink portfolio. Able to respond to consumer needs covering all target groups, both mass market and premium market. As a result, OSP has twice the market share in energy drinks products than its competitors, with M-150 continuing to dominate the market that has won the hearts of consumers, as well as 'Seavit' beverages with a share of 37.9% and personal care products with a growth rate of 16.6%. As well as international markets, beverage sales grew by 8.3%, especially laos, cambodia, Myanmar and Indonesia, for net profit of 1,934 million baht, down 40.6% from the same period last year, and net profit margin was 7.1%, down 5.1% from the same period last year. Due to the improved control over the management of promotional and marketing activities expenses and gross margins from the increase, the Board of Directors' meeting on February 22, 2023 resolved to propose to pay dividend from the operating results in 2022 at the rate of Baht 0.45 per share, amounting to Baht 1,352 million. The company has already paid interim dividend in the first half of the year at the rate of Baht 0.45 per share, with the remaining dividend to be paid from the second half of the year at Baht 0.45 per share, which will be determined on May 8, 2023 and will be paid to shareholders on May 25, 2023. Ongoing marketing activities Get a shopping climate that recovers from the confidence of the expanding economy. Implement production and operational optimization projects and implement inorganic growth strategies to enhance business potential.
Thai stocks today, February 23, 2023, closed the morning stock market down 7.42 points, the index was at 1,652 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 7.42 to 1,652.06. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 23, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 7.42 million baht. The index was at 1,663.67 points with a turnover of 31,119.85 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are 1.Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2.Banpu Public Company Limited 3.PTT Public Company Limited 4.CP All Public Company Limited 5.Minor International Public Company Limited.
Bangkok Life Assurance reveals that in 2022, the premium for the first year was more than 6,925 million.|Bangkok Life Assurance revealed that the first year premium was 6,925 million, an increase of 11% on February 23, 2023. The President and Chief Executive Officer of Bangkok Life Assurance Public Company Limited (BLA) said that in 2022, Bangkok Life Assurance had a total premium of 6,925 million baht for the first year. Premium for the first year in the banking channel increased by 21% as a result of products in the banking channel that received good feedback. Meanwhile, the agency channel saw a 10% decrease in first-year premiums and other channels increased by 7% for net premiums in 2022, amounting to Baht 35,831 million. This was an increase of 0.3% from the previous year, with the company's premium for the first year in 4Q22. 2,174 Million Baht This was a 35% increase from the fourth quarter of 2021, which was due to a 57% increase in the bank's first-year premiums, resulting in a total premium of Baht 8,841 million. This was an 11% increase from the fourth quarter of the previous year, with total assets at the end of 2022 amounting to Baht 342,611 million. This decreased from the end of 2021 by 1% due to a decrease in the market value of investment assets. Investment and cash assets accounted for 97% of total assets in 2022, with a net operating profit of Baht 3,212 million. 0.5% increase from 2021 in terms of financial stability The Company's Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) at the end of 2022 was 377%, up from 363% at 3Q22 and up from 301%SPONSORED at the end of 2021.
Foreign signals poured heavily into disappointed gains below expectations. Hoping for an election to help push contractors to life. |The Stock Exchange of Thailand According to a report on the movement of foreign investors, foreign investors sold Thai stocks for 5 consecutive days, amounting to 13,715.79 million baht. In view of Asia Plus Securities, the sell-off was caused by investors' disappointment due to the unexpectedly unexpected results. Turned into cumulative net sales of $114 billion or $334 million. From the beginning of the year to the present, it is the largest net sale in the region. However, the research team observed and conducted a study "comparing the trading forces of foreign investors with the reporting of 4Q65 statements higher or lower than consensus". And the Philippine stock market was negative surprise -13%. Feb as well. on the contrary South Korea's stock market reported a positive surprise of +36%, with foreign capital inflows continuing in November. Although foreign investors are selling Thai stocks, there are still some positive factors from the Cabinet, which may approve several large projects before the dissolution of parliament. The government's budget allocation in the past has shifted from Covid-19 relief measures to economic development. This was reflected in the capital expenditure budget for fiscal year 2023, which increased by 17.7% from the previous year to 0.66 trillion baht. It accounted for 20.9% of the total budget and in 2024 increased by 3.9% from the previous year to 0.69 trillion baht. However, the 2023 political timeline is more clear: the general election is likely to take place on May 7, 2023. The dissolution of the Parliament may take place from March 7 - 22, 2023 (after the dissolution of the Parliament, elections must be held after 45 days but not more than 60 days) and are expected. The new cabinet will be completed around August 2023, and a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said it expects the current government to continue working and acting until the beginning of the month. Aug 23, 2023, with prohibition on duty, and with the above restrictions. As a result, many projects are being proposed by the Ministry of Transport. This includes the Red Line suburban rail extension project, as well as the transfer of management rights to 3 airports to AOT and the dual-track railway project phase 2, etc. The current cabinet needs to expedite the completion before the end of the term, which is expected no later than March 15, 2023 (in case of dissolution of parliament) or March 23, 2023 (in case of full term). Especially in infrastructure. At the same timeline, after the dissolution of parliament in 2023, more clearly, plus the acting minister's duties, will not be able to approve binding projects. The new cabinet has been able to meet that constraints. As a result, many projects are being proposed by the Ministry of Transport. The cabinet needs to accelerate the completion of the project before the end of the term, the above factors are expected to be positive sentiment for construction and contracting stocks such as CK, STEC, TASCO, ITD, etc.
KBank expands AEC+3 to promote its financial strategy through full digital banking|Kasikorn Bank Expanding AEC+3 to promote its financial strategy through digital banking and aiming for 2023 to increase the ratio of foreign income to net income to 4% on February 23, 2023. KBank's Deputy Managing Director said that in the past year, the Bank has expanded its business overseas and has been able to grow rapidly under challenging global circumstances and is still in a recent recovery. In the past year, KBank's net total income to KBank has increased to 2.5% and currently has 2.1 million overseas customers across the region. Expanding loans to business customers2. Expanding the customer base that focuses on using services in digital channels through cooperation with KBank's partners to become the regional payment platform3. Development of new financial services for customers with limited access to banking services At the same time, KBank aims to strengthen the Bank's fundamentals to make its business operations in AEC+3 more efficient and effective, while focusing on building KBank to be known and trusted in each country throughout the region by adding infrastructure and IT personnel to develop digital products and services, as well as continuously developing products and services in accordance with the needs and maximum benefits of customers, as well as connecting with local financial services partners. Underscoring KBank's commitment to creating an ecosystem to deliver financial services that will help customers access more capital for their lives or doing business on a large scale, it is important to differentiate KBank from other service providers. KBank's Deputy Managing Director said: "KBank's goals and growth strategy are as follows: In 2023, which is the year of growth opportunities for the ASEAN region. KBank continues to drive its business to become the AEC+3 Regional Bank with a focus on expanding its business in China, Vietnam, Indonesia, Cambodia and Lao PDR with its digital banking strategy, as well as beyond banking. Business operations continue to focus on China and AEC. Kasikorn Bank as a local bank in China We are committed to delivering value to our customers with the concept of Better Me and Better SMEs by helping local customers in China access loans to create opportunities for life and business development. For local customer care in AEC countries in Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Indonesia, the Bank will focus on developing digital financial products & services that will help meet the needs of various customers in order to make individual customers more convenient to access banking services. In terms of supporting business customers in the region, KBank will increase its business customer network between Thailand, China and AEC to create a Cross Border Value Chain that will enable customers to expand their business opportunities for Vietnam as one of the key strategic countries with an economy that grew by 8.02% in 2022, the fastest expansion in 25 years. In February 2022, the Bank has reached 400,000 active usersSPONSORED, in addition to expanding its local partner base through the investment of KVision, which has invested in rising stars in Vietnam in various businesses, such as Seedcom, a major retail business group in Vietnam, to expand financial services, and Selly, a startup that provides social commerce platforms. Indonesia aims to have 1.3 million Vietnamese individual customers by 2023 and aims to grow into a Top 20 Bank in Asset Size in Vietnam by 2027. KBank continues to do business in Indonesia. By the end of 2022, the Bank has increased its shareholding in Maspien Bank to 67.5%, resulting in the Bank becoming a controlling shareholder in Maspien BankSPONSORED. KBank aims to grow maspien bank to become the largest bank in East Java and to support Indonesia's long-term economic growth through the implementation of three business strategies: corporate, commercial and retail to become one of the 20 most lending banks in Indonesia by 2027. By leveraging the cutting-edge technology and financial innovation expertise of KASIKORN Business Technology Group (KBTG), KASIKORN Business Technology Group (KBTG) has developed technology to provide services in China, Vietnam, Indonesia and other countries in the region, reinforcing its service strategy beyond banking in the AEC+3 region. By supporting resources and operational models for the team, aiming for the goal of continuous growth and being ready for regional challenges by KBank. The Bank aims to achieve 4% of net revenue from overseas businesses by 2022 (up from 2.5% in 2022) and to become one of the top 20 banks in Vietnam and Indonesia. By 2027
TFG profits skyrocket! After COVID-19|Mr. Wittaya Tiaosomboonkit Chief Executive Officer, Thai Foods Group Public Company Limited (TFG) The company disclosed its 2022 operating results with total revenue of 52,697 million baht. 48% increase from THB 35,503 million In the same period last year, net profit was 4,722 million baht. 741% increase from THB 562 million This was driven by strong sales growth in line with rising demand for pork and chicken. After COVID-19 In addition, the company has received positive factors from rising pork and chicken prices for the 2023 operating plan, aiming for revenue growth of 15% by preparing to expand new customer markets both domestically and internationally to increase sales. The company plans to open 400 new branches this year from 220 branches by the end of 2022 to meet customer demand and prepare an investment budget of 3,000-3,500 million baht. To expand feed mills and pig farms in Vietnam, enhance the potential of the chicken farm business in Vietnam, expand branches in the retail sector, as well as improve business in various areas to enhance operational potential. As a result of the shortage, the trend of pig and chicken prices will continue to stand high. In addition, the company has been supported by the expansion of pig farming capacity in Thailand and Vietnam, and the focus on selling chicken to more value-added channels. Especially the export of chickens to foreign countries. Encourage continued good revenue and profitability performance".
3 Golden location Chaengwattana Ratchaphruek Kanchanapisek suitable for the development of luxury houses 10 million more.|Lumpini Wisdom Chu 3, Golden Location, Chaengwattana, Ratchaphruek, Kanchanapisek, a residential development priced from 10 million baht, convenient transportation and outstanding environment. Managing Director, Lumpini Wisdom & Solutions Co., Ltd., a real estate research and development company under L.P. N. Lpn Development Public Company Limited (LPN) said that the demand for residential homes at the price level exceeds 10 million baht. In 2022, residential projects with prices exceeding 10 million baht were launched. In Bangkok-Perimeter, a total of 93 projects totaling 7,077 units, representing 13.7% of the total number of new units launched in the Bangkok-Metropolitan area. 51,660 units or approximately 141,886 million baht This represents 44% of the total launch value of residential projects of 322,308 million baht. The average sales rate on the launch date of the project is 30%, compared with the sales rate of residential houses at the price level of 10 million baht or more at the launch date at 30%. The average sales on the launch date at all price levels were 12%, reflecting the purchasing power of residential homes at price levels of 10 million baht or more. THERE IS A VERY HIGH PROPORTION COMPARED TO RESIDENTIAL HOMES PRICED BELOW 10 MILLION BAHT. Jan 2023 It was found that residential projects have been launched at a price level ranging from 10 million baht. In Bangkok-metropolitan area, a total of 6 projects with a total value of 225 units worth 4,309 million baht, 92% of all launches are single-family homes and 8% are townhomes. Under the concept of wellbeing, chaengwattana, ratchaphruek and kanchanapisek road are ideal locations for the development of residential projects at prices ranging from 10 million baht. It is also an emerging area with office buildings, which are expected to open in 2023. mall hospital According to the survey results, Chaeng Watthana had a cumulative number of residential units from 2017-2022 at 12,325 units, representing 15% of residential homes and 85% of condominiums, with the remaining supply of approximately 3,000 units, with a residential sales rate of 3.1% per month and a condominium sales rate of 5% per month. As a result, the level of land prices has risen by 12.5%, causing the level of housing prices in this location to rise by an average of 15-20%. Currently, chaengwattana has 2 residential houses for sale, totaling 285 units, totaling 213 units, leaving only 72 units for sale at a price level of about 5-7 million baht. The sales rate is reflected in the location with high purchasing power, especially residential houses in the form of single-family houses and townhomes, while Ratchaphruek location is considered a new business center or New Central Business District with convenient transportation routes, especially the route of the Purple Line (Khlong Bang Phai - Tao Poon) that connects to 4 other bts lines. MRT Light Red Line (Bang Sue-Taling Chan), MRT Blue Line (Hua Lamphong-Bang Sue), THE PURPLE LINE EXTENSION (TAOPOON-RAT BURANA) INCLUDES THE SRIRAT-WONGWAEN EXPRESSWAY, CHAENGWATTANA EXPRESSWAY AND SRISAMAN EXPRESSWAY. The surrounding environment has facilities that cater to the lifestyle of the new generation. hospital academy Office building The growth of ratchaphruek location As a result, land prices have continued to rise. From 80,000 baht per square wah to an average of 100,000 baht per square wah, housing prices have been rising steadily over the past 10 years. According to a survey conducted by Lumpini Wisdom, there are 9 residential projects with a price level of 10 million baht or more, totaling 820 units, with a total of 502 units sold, representing 61% of the total number of units sold, with an average sales rate of 3.1 units per month per project. Therefore, there is an opportunity for real estate operators to develop residential projects at a price level ranging from 10 million baht in this location, while the location of Kanchanapisek Road (Western Outer Ring) is a growing location in terms of transportation, with the Purple Line and Kanchanapisek Road being the main roads connecting to the city center of Bangkok. Educational institutions that meet the needs of people of all ages. Currently, there are residential projects at a price level ranging from 10 million baht. There are 4 projects with a total of 432 units, of which 66 units have been sold, representing 15% of the total number of units sold in these locations. Therefore, it is a location that meets the needs of buyers, especially buyers who are families living together for several generations, while the level of land prices in these 3 locations is not very high compared to the central location, so it is an opportunity for real estate operators to invest in residential development.
"GGC" unveils business plan to double EBITDA growth|Mr. Krisada Prasertsuko Managing Director, Global Green Chemical Public Company Limited (GGC) In 2033, the Company has formulated a roadmap under the strategy "The New Chapter of GGC to be the Sustainable Growth Business" to lead the Company to stable and sustainable growth, aiming to strengthen its current business and create business opportunities by setting a goal to drive profit margins before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) growth by 2 times to reach 5 billion baht by 2030. 2.Growth strategy in environmental products business, including investment in potential new businesses in 3 main businesses, namely biofuel business; The company focuses on the production of "biojet", which is currently being studied for the feasibility of investing in 2 technologies, both ethanol production and used vegetable oil production, biochemical business, food component and nutraceutical business in the form of dietary supplements and cosmetics. 3.SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS STRATEGY.SPONSORED
True-dtac joint shareholders set up 11 new company boards to continue to separate 2 brands competing with each other.|Reporters reported that on February 22, 2023, a joint shareholders' meeting between True Corporation Plc. and Total Access Pcl. The Company has approved the name of the new company arising from the merger under the name "True Corporation Plc." and has appointed 11 new directors as follows: Mr. Supachai Chearavanont, Mr. Jegen Christian Aren Rosetrip, Mr. Kittipong Kitayarak, Mrs. Kamolwan Wipulakorn, Mr. Clint Sarasin, Mrs. Pratana Mongkolkul, Mr. Gao Tongqing, Mr. Atirut Totaweesansuk, Ms. Rusar Sabanovic, Las Eric Telmann, Theerapol Thanomsakyuth and Manass Manavutvej are the new chief executive officers of the new company. True and dtac will continue to operate separately and compete as usual until the merger process is completed. The NBTC has determined that the two brands will be marketed separately for 3 years. It said the new company will have strong potential to cope with the challenges of the rapidly changing telecommunications market and new technologies. It will be more than just a telecommunications network operator, but will expand into state-of-the-art digital technology services to support Thai startups. Create maximum added value for stakeholders and contribute to the country's technological development and digital economy.
Foreign filmmakers applaud the government's support.|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The executives from the Association of Foreign Film Production Executives and the National Federation of Film Associations met with the National Film Association. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense thanked the government for supporting the measures to film foreign films in Thailand. It is a measure that the government has focused on and has been pushing continuously. Seeing the potential of Thailand Both in terms of diverse filming locations as well as qualified domestic personnel, we believe that government-sponsored measures will enhance Thailand's competitiveness. Mr. Kulthep Narula, President of the Association of Foreign Film Production Executives, said that he thanked the Prime Minister and the government for their continued support in promoting foreign filmmaking in Thailand. It is believed that it will be an important part of attracting and incentivizing more foreign film investment in Thailand. It will also have a positive impact on the Thai film industry, which is linked. however At present, the competitive situation in the global market is increasing. The association has asked the government to consider supporting additional measures, especially personnel development and amendments to the child law to promote the growth of foreign films in Thailand to the international market. THAILAND IS CONSIDERED TO BE ANOTHER POTENTIAL INTERNATIONAL FILMING HUB.
Wade into global international demand! "Knightsbridge," the agent famous.|"Origin" joins forces with Big Agent Knightsbridge Partners to lead a team of more than 400 agents across Asia and Europe. Real Estate sells mixed-use projects "Origin Thonglor World" and "Origin Place IP Program" to international customers. The latter found an increase in demand for homes and offices for business for foreigners. After Thailand's opening As a result, tourism and investment recovered, Mr. Siripong Srisawangwong said. Chief Executive Officer, Park Luxury Co., Ltd., a luxury property developer Origin Property Public Company Limited (ORI) said that after Thailand's official opening of the country, the country will be able to reopen. As a result, the tourism and investment business began to recover, and the demand for housing and business in Thailand increased as well. The company has partnered with Knightsbridge Partners Co., Ltd., a major world-renowned real estate brokerage firm. Selling real estate to foreigners as Master Agent, the main sales agent of Origin Thonglor World and Origin Place IP Program BangnaSPONSORED"Knightsbridge Partners is a world-renowned agent who will be the backbone of international market penetration. Marketing among foreign investors requires knowledgeable agents. Understanding of communication and understanding of investors' needs Knightsbridge Partners is a company that has been in the property agency business for a long time. In addition, we have worked together on more than 12 projects that should help meet the needs of sales planning and develop strategies to make the Thai real estate market known to the world. Meanwhile, Origin continues to operate in the domestic market. It maintains its international market share at 25-30%." Siripong said. Origin Thonglor World and Origin Place IP Program Bangna have different selling points, with Origin Thonglor World being a mega-project mixed-use project in the middle of Sukhumvit 55 Road on Thonglor Soi 10 with a project value of 14,000 million baht. The company will bring office and retail for sale together with condominiums, marking the launch of office and retail sales. For the first time, foreign customers can open office start-up or open a restaurant in the project. Offices start at 23.5 million baht and retail prices start at 23.5 million baht. Origin Place IP Program Bangna is a project that provides a return on investment for 10 years, whereby the owner can receive a guaranteed return for the first 3 years at the rate of 5% by having HHR (Hampton Hotel and Residence Management) manage the rental of the room for 10 years and can extend the contract for another 10 years, as well as maintain and provide standard 5-star hotel services, ensuring a long-term return on investment starting from 3.2 million baht.
Gold price today last February 24, 2023 opened Friday morning, jewelry sold out 30,500 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opens Friday morning, February 24. 66 The price does not increase, does not decrease, for the price of "gold bullion" sells out 30,000 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,500 baht per baht. On February 24, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.24 a.m. Sell out baht 30,000 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,364.92 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,500 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,950 baht Sell out 15,000 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,682.46 baht Sell out 15,250 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,475 Baht Sell Out 7,500 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,341.23 Baht Sell Out 7,625 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,737.5 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,670.615 Baht Sell Out 3,812.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
The list of recipients of the poor card by March 1 passed 14.5 million. Anyone willing to appeal in 60 days?|"Santi" revealed that 14.5 million people qualified for the state welfare card. The list will be announced on March 1. Identification must be verified within 30 days, effective April 1, 2023. Those who do not qualify can file an appeal within 60 days if they are granted retroactive rights, said Mr. Santi Phrompat, Deputy Finance Minister, as chairman of the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society. It was revealed that the meeting on February 23, 2023 resolved to announce the list of 14.50 million people who are eligible for state welfare or poor cards. Those who do not have the name because they do not qualify can submit an appeal at Krungthai Bank within 60 days after the announcement of the list. May 2023 onwards If the appellant passes the patent, the poor person will be granted a patent. The Ministry of Finance will grant the rights retroactively starting the month. Since Krungthai Bank did not provide details of those who did not qualify with the Ministry of Finance due to fear of violating the Personal Data Protection Act or PDPA, Krungthai Bank was responsible for accepting appeals and explaining reasons to people who did not qualify." As a result, 1.2 million people did not complete the information. When submitting information to the Department of Government 1 million ineligible This brings the first round to a total of 19 million qualified people. Later, it was sent to check the information with 6 government agencies, such as the Land Department, deposit accounts. Credit card holdings, etc. The results showed that another 5 million people did not qualify. As a result, a total of 14.50 million people qualified for the state welfare card. 1. Thai nationality 2. Age 18 years old or above 3. Not be a monk, novice, ascetic or priest, inmate, detainee. Detainees, persons in shelters of government agencies Civil servants, government employees, employees, officials, or workers in government agencies. Monthly pensioners, regular pensioners, or government pensioners Political officials, MPs and senators 4. Income not exceeding 100,000 baht per person per year. The average family income is not more than 100,000 baht per person per year5.Financial assets such as deposits, lotteries, bonds and government debt securities of the registrant must not exceed 100,000 baht per person. 6. Must not have a credit card 7. Must not exceed the loan limit, i.e. the total loan amount for housing is not more than 1.5 million baht or the loan limit for vehicles is not more than 1 million baht. Must not have ownership of real estate or have ownership of real estate as follows If the registrant does not have a family In case of living alone, whether it is single houses, townhouses, shophouses and shophouses, the area must not exceed 25 square wah or the condominium must not exceed 35 square meters. In case of residential land and utilization of agricultural land, the area must not exceed 10 rai, or in case of land use for non-agricultural purposes, the area must not exceed 1 rai, while in case of land separated from residential, agricultural land must not exceed 10 rai or in other cases must not exceed 1 rai. Each person's suite must not exceed 35 square meters. In the case of residential and utilization of agricultural land, the area must not exceed 20 rai, or in the case of land use for non-agricultural purposes, the area must not exceed 2 rai. In case of utilization of agricultural land, the area must not exceed 20 rai or in case of other uses must not exceed 2 rai.
Thai Retailers Association Join 92 companies to care for people with disabilities Generate sustainable income|Thai Retailers Association Join 92 companies to help care for people with disabilities Create jobs, create careers Reducing inequality in the development of the country Mr. Jinn Poksap, President of The Thai Retailers Association The Thai Retailers Association is committed to driving the reduction of inequality. By encouraging people with disabilities in both career and employment of people with disabilities to have the opportunity to use their abilities to pursue a career. Therefore, it is a good opportunity to sign a Memorandum of Understanding with the Department of Promotion and Development of Quality of Life for People with Disabilities. The Ministry of Social Development and Human Security jointly launched the C.H.A.N.C.E for Friend : Friend for Disabled project to encourage the public, private and community sectors. Participate in strengthening disability organizations through the Model 1 Care Company 1 Organization for People with Disabilities, which is the first integration in Thailand to help. Reduce career inequality and increase income for people with disabilities By opening up employment opportunities and supporting career promotion programs for people with disabilities who have the potential and ability to reintegrate into society. Supporting and promoting marketing knowledge Product development and distribution channels for organizations with disabilities, etc. On February 21, 2023, We held a memorandum of understanding (MOU) signing ceremony between the Thai Retailers Association and the Thai Retailers Association. and the Department of Promotion and Development of Quality of Life for People with Disabilities. Led by Ms. Saranpat approved the royal commission. The members of the Association are 92 companies, all of which have a sincere commitment to implementing projects to promote and improve the quality of life for people with disabilities in various aspects. The project aims to provide employment opportunities and support career promotion programs for people with disabilities who have the potential to return to society with careers and income to support themselves and their families. It is not a burden on society to add value to products by developing and upgrading products to meet the needs of the market. Under the project, the company is ready to distribute products to a wider range of consumers by supporting distribution channels through the merchant of members of the Thai Retailers Association to promote a good and sustainable society by using waste materials to recycle and upcycle to create valuable new things by turning them into essential equipment for people with disabilities. This helps to improve the quality of life for people with disabilities and also to preserve the environment. For example, Lotus has converted unused shopping carts into wheelchairs for people with disabilities, BJC Group invites customers to donate aluminum beverage cans to be produced as prosthetics under the Prosthetics Foundation in the Project Turn Waste into Merit. When you rotate, Central Group has opened The Thai Watsadu Contact Center for People with Disabilities at The Redeemer Foundation for The Development of People with Disabilities in Chonburi province by hiring people with disabilities as a call center staff to receive calls from customers. In addition, the association's members have joined forces with the government to recycle and upcycle waste into essential equipment for people with disabilities.
Low-expected sales from the addition of FSMART cabinets with an additional budget of 1.5 billion pushed the New S Curve business.|FSMART has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that it is ready to pump 1.5 billion baht to 2 new businesses, confident of growing according to the target of Fort Smart Service Public Company Limited "FSMART" has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that the growth prospects of the Tao Flying Turtle Kiosk business as of 2022 totaled 4,942 units nationwide, an increase of 4,396 units from 2021, with average sales in 4Q22 of 44,574 baht per month or 46 glasses per container per day. The company was able to move to a new location and the impact of the season. Summer sells better than rainy season and winter, and the company is confident that it will be able to manage the average sales of 50 cups per container per day in accordance with the target. Tao Bin continues to create new menus to match the festival, and customers have experimented with new menus to meet various needs for all groups of customers. Turtle Bin collects turtle shells after receiving drinks to redeem for free glasses to stimulate the use of regular customers and to add new customers for FSMART's operating results, the total revenue from the main business in 2022 was 2,238.64 million baht. 16.5% year-on-year decrease The economy is not recovering. Meanwhile, higher inflation was caused by rising oil prices. This puts a lot of pressure on the purchasing power of middle and lower-end service users. The flooding situation is more severe than usual. However, the Company has been able to maintain its service volume and customer base continuously. Net profit was 301.88 million baht. 24.5% year-on-year decrease From reduced top-up income REALIZED PROFIT FROM INVESTMENTS AND BETTER CONTROL OF EXPENSESSPONSORED MR. NARONGSAK LERTSUBTAWEE Managing Director of Forth Smart Service Public Company Limited "FSMART" 2023 Operating Plan The Company expects an investment budget of 1,500 million baht to expand all channels in all 3 business segments. The company's new flagship GINKA Charge Point, which is in commercial production in April, will expand to 5,000 service points this year, according to a business model plan with owners of targeted areas nationwide, such as condominiums, office buildings, hospitals, hospitals, etc. Robotic Barista, managed by Fort Vending Co., Ltd., plans to expand its service points this year from 5,000 to 10,000 units, which is expected to double sales growth. This will result in the Company receiving a proportional profit share of 26.71% for the full year. From the previous year, the profit share was realized only 7 months. The Company represents 1 additional bank from the current 8 banks and expands its loan portfolio by approximately 500-1,000 million baht. From the previous year, loans amounted to approximately 200-300 million baht and outstanding loans amounted to 263 million baht. From personal loans to buy now pay later programs such as mobile phones and electrical appliances, the company also focuses on lending to large trustworthy organizations as well as low-risk individuals to reduce bad debts that may arise in the future.
AOT reveals 233% jump in passengers "Big Tou" believes the economy and tourism will continue to recover|AOT reported earnings at six airports, with flights up 105.04% and passengers jumping 233%. We are confident that the economy is likely to be bright soon. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said today (February 24, 2023) that General Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense acknowledged a report from Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) that revealed the air traffic volume of AOT's six airports totaled 150,378 flights, an increase of 105.04% compared to the same period last year. There are 66,829 international flights and 83,549 domestic flights. The total number of passengers was 23.01 million. 232.93% increase compared to the same period last year It was divided into 10.98 million international passengers and 12.03 million domestic passengers for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 (October-December 2022). This is evident from the number of flights. Number of passengers As a result, in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, AOT achieved a net profit of 342.77 million baht. Compared to the same period last year, the loss was 4,271.66 million baht. At the same time, revenue from sales and services increased. THE PRIME MINISTER ACKNOWLEDGED THE RESULTS FROM AOT AND ASSESSED THE OUTLOOK FOR THE Thai economy in the aviation, tourism and service sectors and other sectors, clearly showing the continued recovery.
Thai Life Assurance reported record high net profit of 9,265 million baht in 2022.|Thai Life Assurance reports record high 2022 net profit of Baht 9,265 million Meanwhile, first-year premiums increased by 13%, VONB increased by 31% on February 24, 2022. Director and Chief Executive Officer of Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited (TLI) said that although the life insurance industry faced challenges from the economic slowdown. However, Thai Life Assurance maintained a strong performance, with a net profit of 9,265 million baht. 10% increase from 2021 with Annual Premium Equivalent (APE) at Baht 12,819 million The total expected profit from the first day to the end of the contract or Value of New Business (VONB) stood at 7,325 million baht. VONB margin continued to improve and embedded value was 145,170 million baht. The company's net profit was at an all-year high, reflecting the success of the company's multi-channel and digital transformation strategy. THE COMPANY HAS DEVELOPED DIGITAL SALES TOOLS AND IMPROVED OPERATING SYSTEM PERFORMANCE TO SUPPORT SPONSORED PARTNERS' MARKET EXPANSION FOR PRODUCT STRATEGIES. The Company aims to develop products that can meet the changing needs of customers in a personalized manner in accordance with the customer-centric policy and focus on products that can generate good profits and are not susceptible to changes in interest rates, such as participating products, investment mergers and riders, which will help maintain the company's profitability amid economic volatility. Types of end-of-payment and claims for medical expenses due to COVID It began to decline in the second half of the year. In addition, the Company's capital adequacy ratio (CAR Ratio) remained strong at 420% as of December 2022, which is higher than the criteria set by the Office of Insurance Commission (OIC). Very defined as well.
In 2022, Thai Airways lost 272 million baht.|THAI reveals 2022 losses reduced to 272 million after tourism recovered Thai Airways International Public Company Limited (THAI) has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) that the management team of the reorganization plan met on February 23, 2022 to approve the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and approved the omission of dividend payment for the 2022 operating results for the 2022 operating results. From 2021 with net profit of 55,390 million baht In 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had total revenue of Baht 105,041 million. 81,294 million baht increase Revenue from fares and excess weight stood at 74,036 million baht. Revenue from cargo and postage increased by 1,239% year-on-year to Baht 23,784 million, up 1,239% from the resumption of regular flight operations and postage services. 12,856 million baht increase Total expenses in 2022 stood at Baht 97,244 million. The increase was 53,795 million baht or 123.8%, mainly due to the expansion of production, with one-time transactions and net revenues totaling Baht 2,904 million. The revenue was 81,525 million baht last year. As a result, the Company and its subsidiaries suffered a net loss of Baht 252 million. 55,365 million baht lower than the previous year The loss attributable to the parent company was 272 million baht. Loss per share was 0.12 bahtSPONSORED while earnings per share was 25.25 baht, but EBITDA after deducting cash payments under the terms of the aircraft lease, including aircraft rental calculated from the actual use of the aircraft (Power by the Hour) was a profit of 17,241 million baht. Thai Airways reported that thai airways had a profit from the sale of assets of 783 million baht. Consists of - Profit from the sale of assets amounting to 96 million baht. With the sale of 3 B747-400 aircraft, 2 B737-400 and 1 A300-600- profit from the sale of assets amounted to 687 million baht. The profit from the sale of land and office buildings amounted to 219 million baht. Engine sales amounted to 386 million baht. Sale of A330-300 model training aircraft for 53 million baht and from the sale of other assets - Profit from investment sales of 16 million baht From the sale of 8.91 million shares of Bangkok Aviation Fuel Services Public Company Limited- Mutual Separation Plan from the reduction of the tax estimate of employees participating in MSP B, C and D projects by 610 million baht, according to the actual payment. Thai Airways also improved employee benefits, resulting in a reduction in expenses of 237 million baht. From improving employee benefits in line with industry standards, read all here. 
The State Welfare Card on March 1 announced the names of qualified candidates. If you fail, you can appeal.|Check the status of "State Welfare Card" March 1. 14.5 million "qualified" people will be eligible for the "poor card", while those who are "not qualified" can file an appeal within 60 days, the reporter said. Deputy Finance Minister Santi Phrompat As chairman of the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society, he revealed that at the meeting on February 23, it was resolved to announce the list of 14.50 million people who are eligible for state welfare or "poor card". Those who are not named because they are "not qualified" can submit an appeal at Krungthai Bank within 60 days after the announcement of the list. May 2023 onwards If the appellant passes the patent, the poor person will be granted a patent. The Ministry of Finance will grant the right to retroactively start in April 2023 for the submission of an appeal to Krungthai Bank, since Krungthai Bank has not provided details of those who have not passed the rights to the Ministry of Finance due to fear of violating the Personal Data Protection Act or PDPA. It serves to receive appeals and explain reasons to people who do not qualify. It was reported to the meeting that out of the total number of people registered for patents, 22 million people were poor. As a result, 1.2 million people did not complete the information. When submitting information to the Department of Government 1 million ineligible This brings the first round to a total of 19 million qualified people. Later, it was sent to check the information with 6 government agencies such as the Land Department, deposit accounts. Credit card holdings, etc. The results showed that another 5 million people did not qualify. As a result, a total of 14.50 million people qualified for the state welfare card. As follows:1. Thai nationality2. Age 18 years old and above3. Not be a monk, novice, ascetic, or priest, inmate, detainee. Detainees, persons in shelters of government agencies Civil servants, government employees, employees, officials, or workers in government agencies. Monthly pensioners, regular pensioners, or government pensioners Political officials, MPs and Senators 4. Income not exceeding 100,000 baht per person per year. The average family income is not more than 100,000 baht per person per year5. Financial assets such as deposits, lotteries, bonds and government debt instruments of the registrant must not exceed 100,000 baht per person, and if there is a family, the average financial assets of the family are not more than 100,000 baht per person.6. Must not have a credit card7. Must not exceed the loan limit, i.e. the total loan amount for housing is not more than 1.5 million baht or the loan limit for vehicles is not more than 1 million baht.
Thai stocks today, February 24, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 12.82 points, the index was at 1,639 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index fell 12.82 points to 1,639.65 points with a turnover of 39,070.00 million baht. The index was at 1,639.65. The turnover was 39,070.00 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Company Pure Energy Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited.
National Bank's Sustainable Debt Resolution|Thananthorn Mahapornprajak The Bank of Thailand in mid-February issued "Sustainable Solutions to Household Debt Problems" as part of the Thai Financial Sector's New Landscape Policy that helps households adapt to the new world. The problem of household debt is one of the structural problems of the Thai economy that has accumulated for a long time and has been exacerbated during covid. However, as the economy gradually recovers, measures have been adjusted to focus on solving long-term debt, but it may not be enough to solve the long-accumulated debt. Failure to do more could hold back the Thai economy in the future, as well as a time bomb that could erupt to the financial stability of the financial system in solving household debt problems sustainably. According to the guidelines of the National Bank, it consists of 3 main principles, the first of which is to solve the debt in a comprehensive way, suitable for both the characteristics and causes in each period. When you are going into debt, when you are in debt, and when there is a problem of not being able to pay the debt, the second aspect is to solve the debt in the right way, leave out what should not be done, and do what should be done in a timely manner. This is to avoid long-term side effects because the problem of Thai household debt is a problem that has accumulated for a long time. There are many reasons for this. Therefore, a variety of measures must be taken seriously and continuously. The principle is to solve it on the spot. Do not create additional burdens on future debtors. And both creditors and debtors must cooperate and have a real intention to solve the debt. The third aspect is that it requires cooperation from all sectors, including creditors, debtors and the government, in order to be able to solve all types of debt problems. The Bank of Thailand sees things as something that needs to be done urgently. Starting from relieving the existing debt burden for both groups with bad debts in order to allow debtors to resume and those who are chronically indebted but not yet in bad debt to be able to close the debt faster. The group with bad debts must expedite debt restructuring in accordance with long-term debt resolution measures. Create an intermediary to provide advice on debt resolution and debt mediation, as well as work with government agencies to push for amendments to the law to give debtors the option to enter the recovery process or apply for bankruptcy on their own in case the debtor cannot move on. For groups with chronic debts, such as debtors who pay a minimum or pay more interest than principal for a long time. The Bank of Thailand will push for solutions to this debt problem, starting with cash card debt, which is a problem for vulnerable groups. Must take care of the release of new debts to ensure that the debtor does not get caught in the debt trap again. The National Bank will issue criteria for creditors to lend responsibly, such as not advertising that encourages borrowing until it becomes over-indebted. Must provide complete and important information throughout the debt cycle and require creditors to lend with regard to their ability to repay debts and that debtors still have enough money to live. This includes creating incentives for interest to reflect the risk of debtors so that debtors with better financial discipline get better loan conditions, ultimately ensuring that people have easier access to loans in the system. Especially those with unstable incomes. In collaboration with relevant agencies, the company has developed a database of income and payment behavior for creditors to use to assess risk and lend more. This includes incentivizing interest rates to reflect the risk of debtors, with high-risk groups being able to borrow in the system with higher interest rates than low-risk groups. Don't get pushed out of the system. Resolving Thailand's debt problem will be a challenging and time-consuming journey, but everyone agrees that it must be achieved. Aligning the compass and walking together in all sectors will help solve the debt problem sustainably.
Bangkok Bank dividend of 4.50 baht per share set Pornthep Pornprapa as chairman of the board of directors|Bangkok Bank prepares to pay dividend 4.50 baht per share for the 65th annual performance with the resolution to appoint "Pornthep Pornprapa" as Chairman of the Board of Directors on February 24, 2023. The President of Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited (BBL) said that the resolution of the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 2/66 on February 23, 2023 approved the dividend payment for the 2022 operating results for ordinary shares at the rate of Baht 4.50 per share, totaling Baht 8,589,793,023.00. The final dividend will be paid at the rate of Baht 3.00 per share on May 12, 2023, with the list of shareholders entitled to receive dividend payment on April 24, 2023. MR. PORNTHEP PORNPRAPA SHALL SERVE AS CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH EFFECT FROM 23 FEBRUARY 2023 ONWARDS.
1-year Russo-Ukrainian War Dread repeats oil crisis Putin announces cuts to Western production and export plans|Immediately after the invasion of Russia. Energy prices have skyrocketed globally by 20% for five consecutive months on Feb. 24, 2022, WTI crude oil was $92.77 per barrel, with the latest WTI oil price as of Feb. 24, 2023 at $76.27 per barrel. It has fallen 20% from the same day last year. Moscow announced a 25% reduction in oil exports to the West and a 500,000-barrel-per-day reduction in oil production starting in March in response to additional economic sanctions imposed by the European Union. Leading Industrialized Countries or G7 And anti-war countries are putting pressure on the price of Ural crude oil, Russia's main crude product. Supply concerns and global oil prices may reopen in Brent crude futures. It rose $1.61, or 2%, to $82.21 a barrel, less than before Russia invaded Ukraine when Last February, it cost as much as $98 a barrel. Crude oil futures (WTI) rose $1.44, or 2%, to $75.39 a barrel (Feb. 24), in addition to nato and U.S.'s contribution to Ukraine by economic pressures such as shutting down access to the SWIFT system or international remittance systems. Moreover, Russia redirects most of its oil exports from Europe to India. And turn to offer discounts for some countries. It also refused to sell oil to sanctioned countries. 
NGG JEWELLERY BREAKS BRAND LINE Zoullink has a unique design that captures the new generation.|NGG Enterprise breaks brand line Zoullink offers unique ring designs and accessories. Catching a new generation with unique needs, Ms. Panjarat Saphirankul NGG Enterprise Co., Ltd., Business Director, said that nowadays, rings are jewelry that is a fashion trend in various ages and genders, especially the younger generation tends to convey their identity into the latest items or accessories. Zoullink to respond to the style of the new generation who like design and uniqueness By every piece of jewelry from the concept of Link the other half consisting of the word Link to love Connecting all love, good feelings to each other, Find the other part Wearing Zoullink jewelry is like finding the other half of the wearer, Communicate moments. Therefore, the special feature of the ring to be obtained is that the ring can be designed in 18K pure gold with a variety of colors including White gold, Yellow gold, Pink gold and Black gold.
HomePro shows 2022 net profit of 6,217.09 million baht to support economic expansion|HomePro boasts 2022 net profit of 6,217.09 million baht, up 14.27% from total revenue of 69,389.43 million baht 5,463.64 million baht increased to support economic growth on February 24, 2023. Managing Director of Home Products Center Public Company Limited or HMPRO said that the company and its subsidiaries had total revenue of 69,389.43 million baht. Net profit increased by 5,463.64 million baht or 8.55% with net profit of 6,217.09 million baht. The increase was 776.57 million baht or 14.27%, consisting of revenue from sales of goods and revenue from customer service or home service, totaling 65,090.88 million baht. This was an increase of 4,522.97 million baht or 7.47% compared to the same period last year. The increase was due to the reopening of all branches. It also benefited from the recovery of domestic consumption and the recovery of the tourism sector, especially in the southern regions. HomePro also has rental income of 1,720.58 million baht. Other income increased by 497.43 million baht or 40.67% and other income amounted to 2,577.96 million baht. Increased by 443.24 million baht or 20.76% as a result of increasing the number of promotional activities with partners in both branches. HomePro's online channel sponsored gross profit from sales and home service totaled 17,013.19 million baht. The gross margin per sales increased from 25.83% last year to 26.14% as a result of changes in the ingredients of the high-margin segment. As well as increased service revenue. Although the cost of transportation to distribute goods to branches has risen due to the price of oil. Mr. Weerapan said that in 2022, THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC It's starting to unravel. As a result, the government Covid measures have been relaxed to drive and revitalize the Thai economy. The Thai economy is likely to continue expanding. The recovery of the tourism and consumption sectors has been influenced by positive factors such as the opening of foreign tourists into the country and the government's stimulus measures for public spending. We Travel Together project and half-staff projects, etc., however, various economic stimulus measures of the government. It can help mitigate the impact of inflation in part, and the Company still sees growth opportunities in the business. As a result of the recovery of the Thai economy, the Company aims to enhance the offering of products and services to better meet the needs of customers. The Company also accelerates branch expansion to increase revenue and profit growth, along with strong business planning and strategies to cope with pressures and risks that may arise. In addition to offering products and services on the Company's website and HomePro Application, Home Service Application and HomeCard Application to respond to new target customers, the Company has entered into a joint venture by acquiring a 30% stake in Onestockhome, an online building materials trading platform, with the aim of increasing distribution opportunities and generating income for the Megahome business in terms of product development and services to support changing lifestyle habits. The Company places importance on an in-depth understanding of the changing lifestyle of customers in order to offer products and services that better meet the needs of customers. The company has developed new product groups such as pet-related products from the study of the behavior and popularity of pet owners of the current group of people, sponsored, as well as developing product groups that can save energy and costs, such as solar panels, as well as developing products and services with partners, with an emphasis on environmental and social sustainability. With the growing interest and awareness of this issue among consumers. In addition, there is an emphasis on analyzing customer data both from internal and external data. To further develop the design of products and services to cover all objectives and applications of existing customers, as well as to meet new target customers such as Generation Y consumers and business customers or B2B.  For branch expansion in 2022, the Company has accelerated the expansion of both HomePro and Megahome branches from seeing business growth opportunities by opening 2 new HomePro branches at Future Park Rangsit, replacing the existing Rangsit branch, and opening a Ladkrabang branch. Replacement of HomePro S The Paseo Branch Old Lat Krabang In addition, the Company has closed 1 HomePro branch at The Mall Bangkae due to the expiry of the lease and the Company plans to open a new branch nearby. At the end of 2022, the Company has 87 HomePro branches, 5 HomePro branches, 18 MegaHome branches in Malaysia, and 7 HomePro branches in Vietnam that still sell products through E-marketplace.
Thai stocks fell 18 points, analysts were confident of 1,620.|Trading movements on the Stock Exchange of Thailand The index fell sharply, especially in large-cap stocks. Foreign investors were the largest net sellers of 5,122.63 million baht. The index closed at 1,634.02, down 18.45 points, or -1.12%. Assistant Managing Director Securities Analysis Department Trinity Securities He said today's market movements were mainly affected by internal factors. The baht weakened more than other markets, including foreign investors, who continued to sell net. The starting point of this round was the performance of listed companies in the fourth quarter, which reported worse than most forecasts. The U.S. is flat, with the next phase keeping an eye on what the new round of employment numbers will look like and the timeline for both selection, especially those at the Constitutional Court. The decision on the zoning of constituencies will affect the timeline of the zoning of constituencies. The company assesses the direction of movement after this.  Looking at the movement in the first support at 1,620 points and 1,590 points, the next support is the resistance level of 1,650-1,660 points. Keep an eye on investments that are not related to external factors or the global economy, turning to travel groups or groups that benefit from falling commodities. Oil has fallen and gained benefits, such as packaging. 
TTB Drive Loans EV Hybrid Vehicles Plug-in hybrid vehicles Easy approval, long term|TMB Thanachart Preparing to lend a hybrid EV Plug-in hybrid full-cylinder Highlights easy approval, installment for up to 84 months. Deputy Chief Executive Officer Head of TMB Thanachart Auto Loan Business said, "We are committed to becoming a leader in auto loans in the EV market by expanding our EV loan base, reinforcing our position as the No. 1 leader with a market share of more than 25%. Recently, the special campaign EV Guarantee Approve was launched for customers who want to buy an EV with a down payment starting at 20% with a new car loan. The campaign is joined by all types of EVs. For all participating car manufacturers - All brands of PHEV - BEV cars Toyota, Honda, MG, ORA, Neta at all prices - Other BEV brands (other than item 2) priced at 1 million baht or more - HEV cars of Toyota, Honda with a price of 1 million baht or more and model from 2021 onwards.
Good news on Friday evening, OR-Bangchak announced a reduction in "oil prices". All kinds of sohol groups|The car user smiled softly, announcing a reduction in the price of gasohol of all kinds by 50 baht. For the "Diesel" and Hi Premium 97 segments, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, the 24th. Feb 2023 Reporter: PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products. Hi Premium 97 and "Diesel Group" price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 on the 25th. The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.85 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.58 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.99 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Thai Airways and THAI Smile reduce costs, confident in 2023, revenue growth of 30% and return to global flights|"Piyasawat" launches "Thai Airways" plan to merge with "Thai Smile" to ensure 30% cost reduction and return to full domestic and international flights In 2023, total revenue is expected to grow by 30% to 13-140 billion baht. From 2022, the total revenue was 105 billion baht. While the cash flow is stronger than 40 billion, there may be no need to borrow more money. The Treasury will hold 44% of the shares, making it non-state-owned. Hoping to return to trading on the stock market in early 2025, Mr. Piyasawat Amranand, Chief Executive Officer of the Reorganization Plan Thai Airways International Public Company Limited (THAI) revealed that thai airways has followed the business recovery plan. Thai Airways currently has plans to restructure its business. The merger is part of a reorganization plan that is being studied to revise the business plan under a one-team management strategy, which will take 2 months to complete. He will then present to the Committee of Creditors for approval before presenting Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Minister of Transport, in his capacity as Chairman of the Civil Aviation Commission ,to consider and approve the amendment of the business plan, expects that by the end of 2023, the service will be available on both domestic and international routes. There will be only Thai Airways providing one brand, Mr. Chai Iamsiri. Thai Airways Chief Executive Officer Said that the reason for the merger is to streamline the management of the business. Managing flight schedules to be able to fly both domestically and internationally. The merger will not affect THAI's business improvement plans and will not affect passengers using the existing THAI Smile service, nor will it affect the existing THAI Smile employees. The advantages of Thai Smile will be to streamline asset management and increase the efficiency of aircraft use. Thai Smile currently flies 9 hours a day to 12-13 hours a day, reducing costs by about 30% and resulting in a positive return to 2013 operations, as Thai Smile's performance in 2022 was 4,248 million baht and accumulated losses totaled more than 20 billion baht. The company expects to have an average cabin factor of 80% due to the recovery of the aviation and tourism industry, as well as the efficient restructuring of business and costs under the reconstruction plan, which is supported by the opening of China. Especially Europe, Australia, North Asian countries such as China and Japan. At present, the Company and its subsidiaries have a total of 64 aircraft, divided into 44 Thai Airways aircraft, 20 THAI Smile aircraft, and in 2016, Thai Airways plans to receive 6 additional A 350 aircraft, which will be leased and maintained by 1 Boeing 777-200ER, which will result in Thai Airways having an additional fleet of 71 aircraft this year. As for the summer schedule of 2023, THAI operates flights to 39 routes around the world, Mr. Chai said, adding that in 2022, THAI and its subsidiaries had a net loss of 252 million baht. 101% decrease compared to 2021 with net profit of 55,113 million baht Due to the operating results of subsidiaries, especially Thai Smile Airways Co., Ltd., which had a loss of 4,248 million baht. However, the performance remained at a better level than the estimates in the reorganization plan. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) stood at Baht 17,241 million. Increased by 736% and cash flow at Thb 34,540 million If cash flow is counted at the end of February 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries have cash flow of more than 40 billion baht, and the outlook for better performance makes the need for new loans reduced. Meanwhile, capital restructuring includes the conversion of debt into capital. Stock Sale The capital increase for existing shareholders is expected to be achieved in the second half of 2024, with the Ministry of Finance exercising full rights to convert debt into capital and purchase new shares. The Ministry of Finance will hold a 44% stake, preventing THAI from returning to state-owned enterprises and will make shareholders' equity positive. Thai Airways shares are expected to return to the stock market in early 2025."
"CMG" invests 3 billion baht Reaffirms the leader in fashion retail to drive business expansion to 150 branches|Mr. Edwin Yap Hoson, President of Central Marketing Group Company Limited (CMG), a subsidiary of Central Retail CMG is set to invest 3,000 million baht. Committed to driving business and expanding new customer base to grow continuously. The strategy for 2023 is as follows: Building a trustworthy brand through cutting-edge innovation To raise the brand level in the port to be known and loved by Thai people. Reinforcing thailand's number one position in fashion retail business, upgrading omnichannel platform to increase convenience in accessing branded products. To increase the convenience of seamless access to branded products in both offline and online channels, CMG has increased to 8 websites. In addition, 45 new stores and 138 counters have been opened in department stores across Thailand, with plans to expand to more than 150 stores from the current 1,800 outlets, as well as continuously launching new brands with a sales growth target of 20%. CMG has continued to grow alongside Thai people by providing leading brands that respond to trends and consumer demands. We are ready to upgrade our product portfolio every year to keep up with the changing market. It specializes in global brand management. As a result, sales in 2022 grew by more than 35% compared to 2021."
Gold price today, February 25, 2023, opened Saturday morning. Jewelry sold out 30,500 baht|"Today's Gold Price" Open Saturday morning, February 25. 66 Price reduced by 50 baht for "gold bullion" price sold out 30,000 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,500 baht per baht. Baht • Gold bar 29,900 baht Baht 30,000 per baht Baht • Gold jewelry buy thb 29,364.92 Baht 30,500 per baht On February 25, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.27 a.m. was reduced by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,900 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,000 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,364.92 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,500 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,950 baht Sell out 15,000 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,682.46 baht Sell out 15,250 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,475 Baht Sell Out 7,500 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,341.23 Baht Sell Out 7,625 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,737.5 Baht Sell Out 3,750 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,670.615 Baht Sell Out 3,812.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Exporters hedge against the protracted Russo-Ukrainian war! Press Export Thailand|Mr. Poonpong Nainapakorn The Director general of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy revealed that the NIA has analyzed the impact and opportunities of Thai exports from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine that lasted for 1 year on February 24, 2023. In particular, Thai exports to Russia and Ukraine contracted sharply due to barriers to logistics systems. International Payment System As a result, Thai exports to Russia have been negative for 10 consecutive months. March 2022 and 2022 contracted by 43.3%, as did exports to Ukraine, which fell sharply for 12 consecutive months. However, despite the high negative exports to Russia and Ukraine, the overall impact on Thai exports is not large, because Thai exports to both countries account for only 0.5% of Thai exports to the world. Rising raw material prices and shortages of raw materials such as iron and minerals for semiconductor and battery production Cereals, wheat, corn, sunflower oil, chemical fertilizers, etc. besides It also drives higher inflation around the world. This has led to interest rate hikes by central banks affecting people's purchasing power and putting pressure on the global economy to slow down. As for the Russia-Ukraine situation, the fighting will remain protracted and never end. "The impact has been evident since the second half of 2022, when Thai exports continued to slow down to negative for the first time in 20 months in October 2022 by negative 4.4% and contraction in November to negative 6% and December to negative 14.6%, resulting in a contraction of 1.2% in the second half of the year. While agricultural products and Thai food. By 2022, exports to Russia had expanded better than many world markets, such as rice. Cassava added 197.6%, canned fruits added 33.0%, canned and processed seafood added 44.0%, beverages added 37.4%, pet food added 23.5%. Add 11.7% finished oil 44.7% increase in medical devices and equipment Importantly, the Russian market is still well on the sanctions, and this year the economy is expected to grow by 0.3%. Because Ukraine is still in a position where it is not possible to carry out normal economic activities.
ISMED points out that post-COVID SMEs must accelerate their adaptation Guidance to drive sustainable business growth|Small and Medium Enterprise Development Institute points out that after COVID, SMEs must accelerate their adaptation Many businesses survived, but others disappeared from the market. Paoin The Director of the Small and Medium Enterprise Development Institute (ISMED) said: "After the COVID-19 situation, we can see that there are many SMEs who have survived, but there are many who have been affected and will not be able to continue their business. Executives and personnel of ISMED, a network institution of the Ministry of Industry, together with more than 18 sponsors, organized the ISMED Growing Up Forum 2023. method This includes the launch of the ISMED SME Academy with more than 50 courses covering all stages of business growth. Capacity Development through Knowledge Management Providing advice and recommendations to increase the value of production and product design, strengthening SMEs by developing business competencies from research work, providing SMEs with access to capital opportunities and business opportunities, as well as being a business linkage unit of SMEs, forming a knowledge organization and creating tools that ISMED breaks down barriers for SMEs to advance to the world and grow sustainably through initiatives, project management, and activities with both public and private sectors. In accordance with the policy of the Ministry of Industry or MIND, use head and mind. Winging the business sector, aiming for a new way of industry under the concept of In order to achieve true sustainability, ISMED has prepared knowledge services by establishing the ISMED SME Academy with more than 50 knowledge courses ready to serve SMEs with networking as a way to contribute to business sustainability.
Check the eligibility of "State Welfare Card 2023" Prepare to announce the list of "qualified"|Register for a State Welfare Card 14.5 million "qualified" people will be eligible for the "Poor People's Card" on March 1, 2023, with those who qualify to verify their identity within 30 days. Deputy Minister of Finance As chairman of the Committee on Welfare for The Foundation Economy and Society, he revealed that at the meeting on February 23, it was resolved to announce the list of 14.50 million people who are eligible for state welfare rights, or "poor people's cards". Those who are not named because they are "not qualified" can submit an appeal at Krungthai Bank within 60 days after the announcement of the list. May 2023 onwards If the appellant passes the patent, the poor person will be granted a patent. The Ministry of Finance will grant the right to retroactively start in April 2023 for "filing an appeal" to Krungthai Bank, since Krungthai Bank has not provided details of those who have not passed the rights to the Ministry of Finance due to fear of violating the Personal Data Protection Act or PDPA. It serves to receive appeals and explain reasons to people who do not qualify. It was reported to the meeting that out of the total number of people registered for patents, 22 million people were poor. As a result, 1.2 million people did not complete the information. When submitting information to the Department of Government 1 million ineligible This brings the first round to a total of 19 million qualified people. Later, it was sent to check the information with 6 government agencies such as the Land Department, deposit accounts. Credit card holdings, etc. The results showed that another 5 million people did not qualify. This leaves a total of 14.50 million qualified SPONSORED1. Thai nationality2. Age 18 years old and above3. Not be a monk, novice, ascetic, or priest, inmate, detainee. Detainees, persons in shelters of government agencies Civil servants, government employees, employees, officials, or workers in government agencies. Monthly pensioners, regular pensioners, or government pensioners Political officials, MPs and Senators 4. Income not exceeding 100,000 baht per person per year. The average family income is not more than 100,000 baht per person per year5. Financial assets such as deposits, lotteries, bonds and government debt instruments of the registrant must not exceed 100,000 baht per person, and if there is a family, the average financial assets of the family are not more than 100,000 baht per person.6. Must not have a credit card7. There must be no loan limit exceeding the specified criteria, i.e. the total loan amount for housing is not more than 1.5 million baht or the loan limit for vehicles is not more than 1 million baht. Must not have ownership of real estate or have ownership of real estate Read related newsSPONSORED
Steel business cheats VAT, revenue department dismantles new order, orders buyers to remit taxes|The Revenue Department has stepped up the law to crack down on steel businesses, issuing fake tax invoices, accelerating "reverse charging", framing buyers of goods and services to be the leaders of VAT remittances, and allowing large manufacturers to deduct and remit their own purchase taxes. Defend against being softened by saleng. Using fake tax invoices, the steel mills were caught cheating on the tax money. Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department He said the department is now working to tackle fake tax invoices, especially in the steel industry. After a number of cases of fake tax invoices were detected. Currently, the Department is amending the law to allow buyers of goods or services to be able to remit value added tax (VAT) on behalf of sellers (reverse charging). In order to facilitate and solve the problem of fake tax invoices, which are expected to be enacted later this year and introduced next year, the steel industry is now in power. There are many small and large stakeholders, ranging from major steel producers, smelters, dealers. The collectors went all the way to the saleng to buy antiques. Some of them have a valid VAT registration. For example, large entrepreneurs who register for VAT when filing taxes must take the purchase tax and sales tax into the calculation, which sales tax is usually not a problem because it can be issued by itself, but there will be a problem in the purchase tax that must be requested from small individuals who come to sell things to them, some of whom do not have or issue fake certificates. This also makes steel mills subject to fake tariffs. Therefore, the Department amended the law so that buyers who are in the correct tax system can be tax remittances on behalf of sellers. THIS WILL HELP REDUCE THE PROBLEM OF COUNTERFEITING. Initially, this legislation will be piloted for the steel industry first. It is open to the buyer to submit the tax and issue proof of taxation on both legs, for example, if the saleng car comes to sell the steel to the buyer. Steel mills can charge VAT on purchases and send them to the Revenue Department. No risk of fake tax invoices At the same time, it is also an incentive for people who are not in the VAT system to want to get into the system more easily. With buyers, sellers, supply chains to help support, it will benefit the whole industry and reduce leakage from the problem of fake tax invoices. In hopes of getting more VAT refunds than usual, and even if you don't intend to fake your tax invoices. But because of the steel smelter that is the buyer of scrap. There may be fake tax invoices attached to it. When the department detects it, it also becomes a tax fraud case. In the short term, it will be issued as a decree, but in the long run it may have to be solved at the Revenue Code." Most agree and are ready to join the reverse system. The buyer will accept the VAT payment and deliver it to both the buyer and the seller, which will help solve the tax invoice problem completely, which is currently in the process of preparing the law and is looking at the details to make it easier for all parties to comply. At the same time, see if it is compulsory or voluntary. If it's open, you can choose it yourself. Whoever joins, the Department assumes the right willingness to enter the tax system. If successful, it could be extended to other industries to solve the problem of fake tax invoices."
IEAT arrested for chemical smuggling, charged with 2 counts of heavy theft|Mr. Virish Amrapal Governor of the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand (IEAT) Revealing cases of chemical truck drivers In order to prevent the chemical from affecting the communities surrounding Kaeng Khoi Industrial Estate, the company has ordered to suspend the incident as follows: 1. Block the area where the chemical is dumped by removing the rope and temporarily blocking sandbags, as well as blocking the area behind the industrial estate from trucks from entering and exiting. 2. Remove sandbags to block rainwater gutters to prevent chemicals from leaking to nearby areas. 3. Bring lime to adjust the condition of the area where the chemical is smuggled so that it does not have a wide impact, the waste disposal company has already come to receive the waste for disposal"The IEAT has already informed the prosecution of the offenders on 2 charges, namely, smuggling chemical waste and trespassing on government premises without permission. MANY PERENNIALS IN THE DEAD AREA".SPONSORED
The 20th installment of rice insurance pays compensation up to 5.8 thousand baht.|Mr. Udom Srisomsong The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade revealed that the Subcommittee on Oversight and Central Criteria referred to the Rice Growers Income Assurance Program. It has considered the reference price and price differential compensation under the Rice Growers Income Insurance Scheme. Year 65/66 20th installment for farmers who informed the expected harvest date between February 18-24, 2023. Farmers will be compensated for the difference of 364.31 baht per ton, with a maximum compensation of 5,828.96 baht per household. Farmers will be compensated for the difference of 98.99 baht per ton and receive a maximum compensation of 2,969.70 baht per household for Pathum Thani paddy and glutinous rice. The underlying median price is higher than the insurance price, so there is no compensation difference in this period. as follows Paddy Paddy Pathum Thani The median price is 11,032.87 baht per ton from the insurance price of 11,000 baht per ton. 12,325.32 baht per ton from the insurance price of 12,000 baht per ton for jasmine paddy. The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) will pay the 20th installment on March 1, 2023, while the 1st-19th installments will have 2.601 million households receiving income insurance differentials, amounting to 7,850.76 million baht, and assistance to thousands of baht per rai. Farmers have already received over 4.627 million households of 53,917.48 million baht".
The Minister will decide the fate of the poor on Tuesday. The old ones can exercise their rights until the end of the original project.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit Minister of Finance Disclose the progress of the State Welfare Program. In 2022, the Ministry of Finance is ready to present the progress of the registration of the new Poor Card Program. At next week's cabinet meeting or February 28, when the cabinet is proposed, the cabinet will be present. The Ministry of Finance will also be open for verification and self-verification to receive the rights, and it is expected that the project will start paying the rights around April 1, 2023. After presenting the cabinet, the official timeline will be announced again for the announcement to take the form of an individual audit through the https://welfare.mof.go.th/ website, without a consolidated listing document. When the qualifications are announced, those who have registered to check themselves can check through the website and be aware of the case when someone asks for information to help verify their rights. Don't let anyone else deceive you about identity verification, and the person holding the same card will still be able to exercise the right until the Treasury announces the cut of the original project. Those who hold the card and receive the new privilege can switch to a new right. Those who hold the card but have not received the new right still have the same rights. The Treasury also compensates for the rights it has to receive and advances spending for the next 1 month. After announcing the cuts to the old project, the spending items for the new project remained the same. Whether or not to add more depends on future government policies. However, there is a slight improvement in the travel allowance, which is used by those who are eligible to use the electric train. Tap into the skytrain system. WHILE THE NEW PROJECT WILL USE ID CARDS FOR SPENDING, WHICH MAY NOT BE ABLE TO TAP INTO THE SKYTRAIN SYSTEM, IT MAY REQUIRE THE EXCHANGE OF CARDS OR PASSENGER COINS AT THE COUNTER INSTEAD.
Gold price today, February 27, 2023, opened on Monday morning, up 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Monday Morning 27 Feb 23, 2023 Price increase 50 for "gold bullion" price sold out 30,050 baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,550 baht per baht. On February 27, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.28 a.m., the price of gold rose by 50 baht, resulting in the "gold bullion" to buy 29,950 baht per baht. Baht 30,050 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,410.40 baht per baht. Baht 30,550 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 14,975 baht Sell out 15,025 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 14,705.2 baht Sell out 15,275 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion 1 Shilling Buy 7,487.5 Baht Sell Out 7,512.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Shilling Buy 7,352.6 Baht Sell Out 7,637.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,743.75 Baht Sell Out 3,756.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,676.3 Baht Sell Out 3,818.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
ThaiViwat launches Tesla first-class insurance campaign to boost premiums by 8 billion baht|Mr. Theppan Asawathanakul Deputy Managing Director ThaiViwat Insurance Public Company Limited or "TVI" revealed that the company continues to market electric vehicles in line with the direction of high-growth electric vehicles. The company has been selected as one of the Thai insurance companies to be the issuer of Tesla car insurance by Tesla (Thailand) Co., Ltd. with the launch of a first-class insurance campaign that covers up to 80% of the value of the car. The company has been selected as one of the Thai insurance companies to cover 80% of the value of the car, including third-party responsibility, damage to the car, loss or fire, personal accident insurance, medical expense insurance, and driver insurance. In addition, tvi cool plan provides additional coverage in case of more than 10 accidents, such as consolation assistance, 100% tire payment, car interior property protection, choice of claims for repairs, emergency forklift service, paint repair guarantee, and warranty on liquid substances such as engine oil. This includes the cost of fighting cases in the event that the insured is sued in court for an accident, as well as extended coverage for damages caused by terrorism and road damage assistance. However, Mr. Theppan continued, including customers who use ThaiViwat car insurance service. You can also choose to receive services or privileges from car, health and lifestyle partners such as emergency notification service via application, TVI parking service at leading department stores or car wash service.
Thai stocks today, February 27, 2023, closed the morning stock market down 3.79 points, the index was at 1,630 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 3.79 down. The index is at 1,630.23. Turnover 32,675.28 On February 27, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 3.79, a change of -0.23%. The index is at 1,630.23. The turnover was 32,675.28 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. SCB X Public Company Limited 2. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited.
Foreign investors sell Thai stocks at their worst in 3 years, disappointed with low profits, expect stock fund managers to recover ahead of elections|Securities Analyst In February, foreign investors sold the most Thai stocks in the region and the most in nearly 3 years, as a result of external pressures such as geopolitical risks, high U.S. inflation, and, most importantly, the misrepresentation of the fourth quarter of 2022 statements of Thai listed companies from -20% to the current level of -40%, and more unexpected than other stock markets in the region, including the baht, which depreciated as fast as 5.2%. February was higher than usual, reaching $1.1 billion or 37 billion baht, or the highest net selling in the region this month. However, the investment strategy in the waiting period for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year was completed, including external pressures calming down and foreign capital inflows. Recommended stocks hold some 10-30% cash, while recommended stocks low volatility and high dividend payments such as KTB, TISCO, AP are the dominant stocks. Mr. Sahraj Chatsuwan Deputy Managing Director TISCO Asset Management Co., Ltd. revealed that after Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defense announced the dissolution of parliament in March and are expected to hold elections on May 7, 2023. The Thai stock market still has a lot of other supporting factors ahead from the recovery of domestic consumption from domestic tourism. China's opening up earlier than expected and policy "We Travel Together Phase 5" encourages Thais to come out and travel, driven by tourism and recovery in domestic consumption. TheRefore, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) expects the Thai economy to grow by 3.7% in 2023, and although the Thai policy rate may rise by another 0.5%, the Thai stock market is not expected to be affected.  
register We travel together, phase 5, check the conditions, the latest more than 500,000 rights.|We Travel Together Project Phase 5 is open to the public who have never registered for the privilege. Registration is now available today (February 27), with more than 500,000 rights remaining on February 27, 2023, reporters reported. Phase 5, which today the system of the We Travel Together project. Phase 5 is open to people who wish to participate in the project who have not participated in phases 1-4 or new participants. Registration is open every day from 06.00-21.00 every day until the privileges are full. There is no need to register for the new privilege from March 7, 2023 to April 26, 2023. Participants' qualifications are as follows:1. Have a Thai national ID card2. Be at least 18 years of age at the time of registration. .com The system will provide various personal information, including telephone number, which the applicant must use the same number to register for the privilege, which is the same number that registered the Pao Tang application. Once you apply according to the procedure, you will receive an SMS notification of the registration result (within 3 days) for the right to receive 1st privilege, 40% discount on accommodation up to 3,000 baht per room or night, up to 5 rooms, or 5 reinstatement 2, get a coupon worth up to 600 baht per room per night (every day). Use as a discount on food and entrance fees to participating attractions by paying only 60%, the other 40% will be deducted from the coupon when check-in to receive the coupon on a daily basis (after 17:00). We traveled together as of 4pm (February 27) and found that there were still 5.6 lakh rights left.
Life Insurance Association reveals 66 years of critical illness insurance|Life Insurance Association assesses 2023 critical illness insurance and health insurance trending After Thai people became more health-conscious, the aging society supported Mr. Sara Lamsam. The President of the Thai Life Insurance Association (TLAA) said that the overall picture of the Thai life insurance industry in 2023 is expected to stabilize, with total premiums expected to be 612,500-623,500 million baht. The growth rate is between 0-2% and the policy retention rate is 81-82%, supported by the growth of the Thai economy, which will be around 2.3-2.7%. The public is more aware and understanding of insurance since covid. As a result, health insurance plans grew by 14% in 2022. The continuous development of knowledge and understanding and surveillance measures for the public is also an important part of bringing the total premium to GDP back to 3.8% as before covid. The business sector sees that life insurance products that will be popular and have high growth potential are health and critical illness health insurance products or Health & CI due to continuous product development and comprehensive after-sales service (both online and offline), sponsored such as telemedicine, emergency patient transport service (SOS), etc. This will make it more convenient and faster to meet the needs of customers and all target groups, including Universal Life and Unit Linked products, as investors begin to look for new investment channels that have the opportunity to receive a higher return on investment. Under acceptable risk levels, including life insurance coverage. The life insurance business still needs to monitor the volatility of the global and domestic economies, including the yield curve, but in the past, the business sector has prepared to adjust its portfolio in terms of investment and product mix, as well as the direction of the life insurance company's operational strategy that must be adjusted in a timely manner, as well as compliance with international laws such as financial reporting standards, TFRS, and personal data protection laws. The total premium received is 611,374 million baht. Growth fell by 0.45%, lower than the previous target of 0-2%, with new premiums of 169,878 million baht. Decreased by 0.49%, divided into first-year premiums of Baht 105,192 million. 10.42% increase in one-time premium of 64,686 million baht 14.27% decrease and premium for the following year 441,496 million baht The policy retention rate was 82%, while the total premium received by distribution channel was divided into sales channels through agents 325,227 million baht. Growth of 1.43% or 53.20% of sales channels through the Bank amounted to Baht 235,788 million. Growth decreased by 3.39%, representing 38.57% of brokerage channels of 26,516 million baht. Growth of 8.63% or 4.34% and direct sales of Baht 13,981 million Growth decreased by 2.04%, representing 2.29%, and digital channels were 1,738 million baht. Growth of 29.11% or 0.28% and other channels of 8,124 million baht. Growth decreased by 13.44% to 1.33%.
Boutique Corp. builds medical marijuana empire, pushes premium storefront strategy and becomes market leader|Mr. Fine Thakral Chief Executive Officer, Boutique Bc Corporation Public Company Limited (BC) has revealed that its plan for 2023 will be the year of the full-chain production of cannabis & hemp wellness, aiming to generate an average revenue of 10 million baht per month. In addition, the company has opened 20 storefronts, including Wellness Clinic, Flagship Store and kiosk, to offer the cannabis treatment experience by the end of this year. Possess over 40 quality cannabis strains with a sales strategy by opening premium cannabis retail stores as well as Thai traditional medicine clinics. This has resulted in exponential sales growth. THE MEDICAL MARIJUANA BUSINESS WILL SIGNIFICANTLY GIVE BC BUSINESS AN ADVANTAGE", CONFIRMING THAT THE COMPANY HAS A MEDICAL LICENSE THAT IS LEGALLY THAI LEGAL. There are no concerns about legal barriers to business. Since the source of the seed import and the place of manufacture of the products distributed in front of the store, consumers can be confident in the quality of cannabis and the safety of its use. The company expects that in the next 3-5 years, the business will grow with the market in Thailand, which will reach 4.5 billion baht." The main revenue from the sale of Oakwood Studios S36 in the last quarter of the year was 295.1 million baht. Revenue from hotels, shopping centers and office buildings for rent was 215.8 million baht and administrative income of 26.7 million baht in 2022, recovering to a better point than before the COVID-19 pandemic, and the trend in 2023 will continue. Mr. Darenne White, Managing Director of Bespoke Life Science Co., Ltd., said, "At present, the company has two production areas with a production capacity of 360 plants, which is currently in the third expansion phase, which will have a production capacity of 900 plants.
Elephants spend 1 billion Fighting the mass premium beer market worth over 25 billion baht|Chang invests 1,000 million baht to drive growth across all channels to fight the mass premium beer market worth more than 25 billion on February 27, 2023. Chief Business Officer, Beer Thailand, Thailand Chang International Co., Ltd. said that in the past 65 years, Mass Premium Beer has been a segment with strong growth potential with a market value of 25 billion baht and a growth rate of up to 10%. Ranked no. 1 among newly launched beers in the last 15 years for 2023, we continue to organize events and serve all kinds of chill experiences, focusing on expanding our consumer base. Attracting more young people in Bangkok and major cities nationwide to create memorable and memorable drinking experiences for consumers. And to keep up with the current trend of more diverse drinking opportunities. Consumers who not only drink on special occasions at celebrations, but also spend time in a casual atmosphere or socialize at good times. For example, 100% malt is produced through cold brew with filtration below minus 2 degrees or Sub-Zero FiltrationSPONSORED. We have invested more than 1,000 million baht. The company plans to organize both domestic and international music events and concerts throughout the year. The company aims to increase Chang's share of mass premium beer portfolio to 15% by this year. After the opening of the country There are a lot of tourists coming to Thailand. At the same time, the Thai economy is starting to improve, which should give this market another opportunity to grow."
Thai stocks today, February 27, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 6.67 points, the index was at 1,627 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon down 6.67. The index was at 1,627.35 points. Turnover 54,202.34 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on February 27, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index fell by 6.67 percent. The index was at 1,627.35. The index peaked at 1,635.35. The index is at a low of 1,624.62. The turnover was 54,202.34 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. SCB X Public Company Limited 2. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 5. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited.
Coway aims to increase its membership by 30%, aiming to grow in Thailand's water purifier market|Coway aims to increase its membership by 30% by the end of 2023 and aims to be number one in Thai Park's water purifier market. Chunyong The Managing Director of Coway (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said that over the past three years of the COVID crisis, it has been a difficult time for businesses around the world. Instead, the health business is growing and becoming more focused, with Coway also being one of the businesses that customers are paying more attention to. Coway's strengths include: "We're going to be able to increase our sales by 50% in 2022," which is very high during this challenging time for '66. Launched the Just Drink campaign to communicate a new concept to consumers that Coway will take care of everything about drinking water so that you can do it all: just drink and go out and live life to the fullest. Subscription drinking water service is the first and only one in Thailand to provide Thai people with clean water and receive convenient and cost-effective service at an affordable price. You don't have to pay a large sum to buy a high-standard water purifier for tens of thousands, just pay hundreds a month for a service fee and get world-class drinking water to drink in your home at any time. With this perfectly tailored business model, Coway currently has more than 9.71 million global accounts. As a result, Coway dominates the No. 1 water purifier market in both South Korea and Malaysia, and is poised to become Thailand's No. 1 water purifier brand in the near future.
People use cars sadly, tomorrow will increase the "fuel price", all kinds of sohol, and diesel will remain the same.|This evening is fillable, it is filled. Tomorrow announced the adjustment of "oil prices". All gasohol groups up 50 st. except Hi Premium Diesel up 40 st. The diesel price remained the same on February 27, 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products except Hi Premium Diesel by 40 satang/litre. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 28 February 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.35 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.08 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.04 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.89 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
The State Welfare Card 2023 is set to be opened to "qualified" candidates.|Check the "State Welfare Card 2023" is ready to be opened for "qualified" people to verify their identity to receive the privilege. Finance Minister Dom pittayapaisit said the 2022 State Welfare Scheme, or "New Poor People's Card", was ready to present the progress of the registration of the "State Welfare Card Scheme" at the Cabinet meeting today. Feb 2023. Once proposed, the Ministry of Finance will be open to verify eligibility and verify identity to receive the rights. The project is expected to start paying rights around April 1, 2023. After presenting the CABINET, the official timeline will be announced again for the announcement to be conducted using an individualized verification format through the website (click here) without a consolidated listing document. When the qualifications are announced, those who have registered to check themselves can check through the website and be aware of the case when someone asks for information to help verify their rights. Don't let anyone else be deceived about verifying the identity of the person holding the same card. It remains valid until the Treasury announces the cuts to the original project. Those who hold the card and receive the new privilege can switch to a new right. Those who hold the card but have not received the new right still have the same rights. The Treasury also compensates for the rights it has to receive and advances spending for the next 1 month. After announcing the cut of the old project. As for the spending items in the new project, they remain the same. Whether or not it will be added depends on the government's policy in the future, with a slight improvement in the cost of transportation, which can be used by those who are entitled to use the existing skytrain. Tap into the skytrain system. While the new project will use id cards for spending, which may not be able to tap into the BTS system, it may require the exchange of tickets or passenger coins at the counter instead of SPONSORED, while those who are not named because they are "not qualified" can file an appeal at Krungthai Bank within 60 days after the announcement of the list. May 2023 onwards If the appellant passes the patent, the poor person will be granted a patent. However, for "filing an appeal", it is the duty of Krungthai Bank because Krungthai Bank has not provided details of those who do not qualify to the Ministry of Finance due to fear of violating the Personal Data Protection Act or PDPA.
The Fiscal Policy Office said four economic premiums were on the air.|Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy The monthly regional economic future sentiment index was released. February remains high in all regions, especially the Eastern Region. The index continued to rise due to supporting factors in the service sector due to the continued increase in the number of tourists. In addition, tourism promotion activities are ongoing and in the agricultural sector, as more important economic crops are expected to enter the market, such as longan and rubber. Jan was also supported by private consumption. This is especially true in Bangkok, the metropolitan area and the western region, where consumption has increased significantly, and there is also private investment in power line factories. and solar power plants in the eastern region with plant capital. "By sector, bangkok metropolitan area reflected by vat collection (VAT) at fixed prices grew by 0.3% per year, as did the number of passenger cars. The number of newly registered motorcycles grew by 26.1% and 8.8% per annum, respectively, and farmers' income grew by 18.7% per annum but slowed to -6.3%. Compared to the previous month THE CONSUMER CONFIDENCE INDEX STOOD AT 50.8, UP FROM 48.7".SPONSORED.
Sabina rebrands braless innovation, aims for 15% sales growth, expects M&A to end in April|Mr. Boonchai Panduramporn Chairman of the Board of Directors Sabina Public Company Limited Unveiling its 2023 plan at Opportunity Day, it predicts sales growth of around 10-15% from the launch of a campaign to rebrand itself, starting with the Braless Innovation campaign launched on January 25. Market by combining technology with fashion, such as making AR memes and filters on Instagram, and promoting them through full-scale out-of-home media to build brand awareness. Increase customer engagement and eco-friendly packaging, as well as increase the proportion of products in a variety of product categories by increasing the proportion of non-lingerie products to more than 5% within this year. The Company expects to achieve a better gross profit margin close to 54% in 2019 due to the success of its cost management strategy in 2022, focusing on producing innovative and expensive products with domestic production capacity, and outsourcing production outside the country in general goods that do not require advanced labor skills that are cheap, resulting in a gross profit margin of 48%, as well as changing the sales model. Sabina has been able to generate revenue of 3,186 million baht and net profit increased by 41.8% year-on-year to 417 million baht. THE REVENUE OF THE SUBSIDIARY WILL BE MERGED WITH THE PARENT COMPANY SPONSORED.
Over 423 baht per 15 kg tank March 1, LPG price increase 1 baht per kilogram|Day 1–31 This March The price of LPG increased by 1 baht per kilogram (kg). At 423 baht per 15 kg cylinder from 408 baht per cylinder, the Dealers' Association asked the government to strictly refill LPG cylinders in LPG pumps for car service. Reporters report that from March 1, the retail price of LPG will increase kilograms (kg). As a result, LPG in 15 kg drums will be increased by 15 baht for 1 month in accordance with the resolution of the Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC). In March, the price was raised to 423 baht per 15 kg drum, up from the current 408 baht per 15 kg drum, while the actual cost of price, if there is no price freeze from the government, will be 508 baht per 15 kg drum. For hawker shops, food stalls that hold a state welfare card not exceeding 100 baht/person/month, lpg purchase discount for low-income people through the state welfare card is 100 baht/person/3 months until March 31. President of Liquefied Petroleum Gas Traders Association He said the association wants relevant government agencies to help expedite the problem. LPG tank adoption Households to fill service stations (pumps) LPG in cars are now increasing in number as LPG prices continue to rise. As a result, some low-income people are turning to LPG pumps instead. Because you can pay as you have, such as 100-200 baht per time, because you cannot buy a full tank that is expensive. And the trend is expected to continue to increase. After the retail price, it will increase by 1 baht per "I would like the government to take care of this because this problem still exists in some LPG pumps, making it illegal by clearly stating that LPG pumps must be filled with LPG tanks. And more importantly, such an approach. It is not safe and dangerous for LPG refillers as the tank may not be used for maintenance"For the LPG price hike on March 1. The price of 423 baht per 15 kg drum is recommended in Bangkok, but the price in other areas will vary. The costs continue to increase considerably, including the labor costs of LPG transport workers. This includes the cost of adjusting to comply with new laws imposed by the government, such as the recent LPG stores. Types of applications for permission to open a business Sprinklers must be installed for safety, for example," Narut said, adding that the cost of operating LPG stores had risen significantly. Traders don't want it to affect the public, they are willing to bear part of the burden, even though diesel fuel is now reduced by 1 baht per liter. Just as the wages that LPG traders have to pay above the minimum wage because it is difficult to find labor, and the higher price of LPG also affects the people who use it to save more. So in a month. "Currently, 30,000 LPG retailers nationwide admit that such businesses are quite challenging, with new regulations and high costs, causing existing stores with older owners to start to shut down and gradually close.
Dumped the budget into the province of 40 billion baht.|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The Integrated Spatial Management Policy Committee (MPC) has Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is the President. Approved the provincial and group development plan B.E. 2566-2570 reviewed for fiscal year 2024 and approved the government action plan for fiscal year 2024 of provinces and provincial groups, totaling 1,747 projects of 41,903 million baht. The budget should support 1,346 projects of 29,314 million baht and the budget that should support 401 projects of 12,588 million baht. Prayuth said he had ordered that all projects must be transparent, honest and must be scrutinized from the area to meet local and local needs, as well as in line with the limited budget. I urge the governors of all provinces to do their best. Be thorough, fair, and proactive in driving project plans to achieve the goals to be worthwhile. Get the most out of it.
Gold price today, February 28, 2023, opened Tuesday morning.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Tuesday morning, February 28, 2023, fixed price for "gold bullion" selling out baht 30,100 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,600 baht per baht. On February 28, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.30 a.m. was stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,000 baht per baht. Baht 30,100 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,455.88 baht per baht. Baht 30,600 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,000 baht Sell out 15,050 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,727.94 baht Sell out 15,300 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,500 Baht Sell Out 7,525 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,363.97 Baht Sell Out 7,650 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,750 Baht Sell Out 3,762.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,681.985 Baht Sell Out 3,825 Baht
U.S. rice exports collapsed, cassava plummeted, yields were not enough to sell.|Commerce revealed in January 2023 Thailand exports 800,000 tonnes of rice Revenue of 14 billion baht Volume and value surged. After the demand for goods increased from the baht weakening at the end of the year, watching the beginning of 2023, the baht strengthened, which may drag the demand for purchases down, while exports fell in both volume and value compared to January 2022. The reason for not producing enough to sell Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade Revealed in January 2023 Thailand exported 805,518 tons of rice worth 14,277.39 million baht, an increase of 75.20% and 78.76%, respectively, compared to January 2022, which exported 459,773 tons worth 7,956 million baht. As a result of the ongoing deliveries from the end of 2022, coupled with the end of the year, the baht depreciated, making the price of Thai rice competitive with competing rice. In addition, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Iraq, as well as many countries in the Middle East, ordered more Thai rice. As a result, 2.3 million tonnes of rice were exported to the Middle East in 2022. Iraq exported 630,000 tonnes in 2021, with Iraq being the no. 1 importer. Global rice exports last month. At the end of the year, the baht depreciated considerably, but it strengthened at the beginning of the year, making Thai rice more expensive than its competitors, such as the export price of Thai rice, white rice 5% per ton, Vietnam 465 USD per ton, Pakistan 490 USD per ton, India 435 USD per ton, Thai jasmine rice 825 USD per ton, Vietnamese fragrant rice 560 USD per ton, India 1,250 USD per ton, Thai steamed rice 475 USD per ton, Pakistan 515 USD per ton, India 385 tonnes. Because the Department and the Ministry of Commerce continue to market Thai rice abroad. In particular, participating in international food fairs such as Japan, Australia, China, the United Arab Emirates, Germany, etc., as well as encouraging the private sector to participate in rice import auctions of various countries. As for organic rice, many countries are interested, with key markets such as the U.S., Europe and Hong Kong expected to export organic rice close to 2022 at about 21,000 tons worth about 1 billion baht. In January 2023, Thailand exported 932,973.75 tons of products such as noodles, pellets, starch, etc., worth 11,554.94 million baht. Volume and value decreased by 4.75% and 4.03%, respectively, from January 2022, exporting 979,462.14 tons worth 12,039.73 million baht. Thailand's cassava production declined last year due to the pandemic and flooding weather. However, Thailand is expected to export 9 million tonnes of cassava products this year. This is down from 11.8 million tonnes exported in 2022, as this year's output was down from the previous year. Despite the high global demand for alcohol and animal feed, other grain substitutes are scarce and expensive due to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, spoke during the presidency. Awarding the winners of Thailand's Hom Mali Rice Contest The 65th Annual 40th Annual Rice Contest and the 65th Annual Good Quality Rice Bag Contest said that rice is the main economic crop of Thailand and the price has improved sequentially. The government also has an income insurance policy to compensate farmers for the difference. The government has already paid 180,000 million baht in difference, and there is also a grant of 1,000 baht per rai.
Prepare to open for checking the right of "State Welfare Card 2566" for qualified persons waiting to verify their identity.|Check the status of "State Welfare Card" 1 In March, 14.5 million "qualified" people were required to verify their identity within 30 days, the reporter reported. Deputy Finance Minister As chairman of the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society, he revealed that the meeting on February 23 resolved to announce the list of 14.50 million "qualified persons" for state welfare rights or "poor people's cards". Those who are qualified to verify their identity within 30 days to start receiving and exercising the privilege from April 1, 2023 onwards, while those who are not named because they are "not qualified" can submit an appeal at Krungthai Bank. Within 60 days of the announcement of the list, the outcome of the appeal is expected to be known during the month. May 2023 onwards If the appellant passes the patent, the poor person will be granted a patent. The Ministry of Finance will grant the rights retroactively starting in April 2023SPONSORED, while the criteria for holding real estate must not have ownership of real estate or have ownership of real estate. For announcements, an individual verification model is used through the https://welfare.mof.go.th website without a consolidated listing document. When the qualifications are announced, those who have registered to check themselves can check through the website and be aware of the case when someone asks for information to help verify their rights. Don't let others be deceived about identity verification.Read related newssponsored
Thai stocks today, February 28, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 2.99 points, the index was at 1,624 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 2.99 points at 1,624.36 points with a turnover of 31,452.25. On February 28, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 2.99, a change of -0.18%. The index is at 1,624.36. The turnover was 31,452.25 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Hana Company; MicroElectronics Public Company Limited 2. Banpu Public Company Limited 3. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 4. Thai Oil Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Gulf flagged Thailand in the U.S. to buy 14 billion power plants and immediately move forward with profit sharing|GULF announces the successful acquisition of the 1,200 MW Jackson power plant and realizes its profit share immediately. Phillip Asset Management expects 53% growth this year from revenue recognition for four major projects. Chief Financial Officer Gulf Energy Development Public Company Limited (GULF) has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that, as the Company has notified the Stock Exchange of Thailand, the Company has notified the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Known on September 9, 2022 in the establishment of Gulf Energy USA, LLC ("Gulf USA"). Gulf USA has entered into a share purchase agreement with J-POWER Jackson Partners, LLC ("Jackson Partners") to acquire shares in Jackson Generation, LLC (the "Jackson Project"). Gulf USA will pay for the shares and transfer the shares after the completion of the terms of the agreement.  The Company would like to inform you that on February 27, 2023, Gulf USA has completed the terms of the above share purchase agreement and has completed the transfer of shares under the above share purchase agreement and has officially become a shareholder in the Jackson Project. As a result, the company was able to immediately realize a share of the profits in the financial statements as the Jackson project was already commercially operational. It has a capacity of 1,200 MW. Located in Ville, Illinois, USA, it opened for commercial operation on May 4, 2022, with the Jackson project being a combined-cycle gas turbine power plant using cutting-edge technology. It is the most efficient and lowest-emission natural gas power plant in the United States. PJM is the most stable and highly demanding free electricity market in the United States, covering 13 states and the District of Columbia. Phillip Securities (Thailand) The Company expects its 2023 operating results to be 17,511 million baht. Unit 3 and Unit 4 will gradually sell commercial electricity in 2024, 2) DIPWP projects are expected to be commercially available during March 31 and October 1, 2023, respectively, while Unit 3 and Unit 4 will gradually sell commercial electricity in 2024, 2) DIPWP projects are expected to be commercially sold in the first quarter of this year with a capacity of 326 MW at a stake of 159.7 MW and fresh water capacity (desalination from seawater) of 1,667 cubic meters/hour 3) Jackson Generation shareholding of 1,200 MW at a stake of 588 MW. The transaction is expected to be completed by Q1 and revenue can be realized immediately as Jackson is a power plant that sells commercial electricity from May 4, 2022 4) GULF1 project that will gradually distribute commercial electricity with the remaining capacity of 91 MW by 2023-2024, and in 2023, full-year revenue will be recognized. While the company expects the digital asset exchange business to be operational within this year, GULF has 9% of its renewable energy capacity and aims to increase the proportion of renewable energy to 40% of its capacity by 2035. It will invest approximately 136 billion baht in renewable energy or 80% of the investment.
TOA shows 2022 sales surpass 20 billion baht to recover economy and net profit of 1,672 million|TOA shows 2022 sales surpass 20 billion Net profit of 1,672 million baht with target for 2023 growth of more than 15%, expected to improve profit outlook on February 28, 2023. The Chief Executive Officer of TOA Paint (Thailand) Public Company Limited (TOA) said that the company had sales in 2022 of 20,649 million baht. Sales in 4Q22 amounted to Baht 5,445 million. TOA has been able to grow across all sales channels, both in Thailand and abroad, especially the strong growth of the paint business that TOA has long been a leader, complemented by the construction chemicals and gypsum board business that has seen remarkable double-digit growth for normal business profit. For 2022, the amount was 1,672 million baht. 9% decrease due to the continued rise in raw material and other production costs due to energy prices. INFLATION AND A WEAK BAHT SPONSORED, WHILE NORMAL BUSINESS PROFIT FOR 4Q22 AMOUNTED TO 399 MILLION BAHT. However, compared to 3Q22, it grew by more than 13% due to an increase in sales and a rebound in gross margins. When recording unrealized losses from the conversion of financial statements from assets and liabilities in foreign currency. and recording the market price of the investment. As a result, net profit was lower than normal business profit, with net profit for 2022 amounting to Baht 1,418 million. Decreased by 27% and net profit for the fourth quarter of 2022 amounted to Baht 287 million. The Board of Directors' meeting on February 27, 2023 approved the proposal of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held on April 27, 2023, to consider and approve the dividend payment for the second half of 2022 at the rate of Baht 0.25 per share, when combined with the interim dividend for the first half of the year at the rate of Baht 0.25 per share, which will be included as a dividend at the rate of Baht 0.50 per share, representing a dividend payment rate of 59% from the net profit according to the separate financial statements of 2022 for 2023. In addition, gross profit in 2023 is likely to gradually recover as the price of some raw materials begins to gradually decline.
TQMalpha made a profit in 2022, reaching 88 million.|TQMalpha made a profit in 2022 of 885.5 million baht in service revenue and total premiums, supported by Dr. Anjalin Pannipa, president of TQMalpha Public Company Limited or TQMalpha. Revenue from services increased by 1.2% to THB 3,589.7 million. 2.6% increase As a result, the company had a gross profit of 1,898.6 million baht. Net profit was 885.5 million baht, excluding special profit. Normal net profit attributable to the parent company increased by 1.3% year-on-year due to the increase in revenue and profitability from the normal business. The group's business is growing in a positive direction. Cooperation and business expansion between each other. Businesses in the financial sector. The lending business by Easy Lending Co., Ltd., although it has just started its business, has grown well, has attracted interest and is able to lend more to customers. BY EXPANDING FROM THE GROUP'S EXISTING CUSTOMER BASE AND EXPANDING TO NEW CUSTOMER BASES, EASY LENDING ALSO HAS A LOW FINANCIAL COST. Good risk management and receivable management In terms of the technology business, the platform is Although it is in its early stages, it has partnered with partners to develop platform technology to expand its new customer base for the insurance business. This is a growth in accordance with the company's strategy. Dr. Chatchai Phayunakweechai is the new independent director of the Company. Have knowledge, ability and experience related to the Company's business. It will be presented to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for approval.
Moshi Stocks Moshi jumped 8%, nearly doubled its earnings and dividends as stocks.|Non-stop running for Moshi Company Moshi Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (MOSHI) recently had a share price of 46.25 baht or an increase of 8.82%. The company was listed on the stock exchange at the end of 2022 with a subscription price of 21.00 baht or an increase of 120%. The company had revenue of 1,895 million baht. Net profit grew by 92.9% with net profit of 253.17 million baht. It grew by 92.9%. The Board of Directors also resolved to pay a dividend in the form of ordinary shares at the rate of 10 existing shares per 1 share dividend and pay in cash at 0.10 baht per share, marked XD on May 3. Moshi Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (MOSHI) revealed that the growth in 2023 is targeting double-digit sales growth from 4 segments: 1.) Increasing product diversification, 2.) Increasing sales growth of existing branches (SSSG), 3.) Opening additional branches, 4.) Organizing promotional promotions.
Bangkok Bank points out golden opportunities to invest in Japan, real estate worth buying The price is good.|Bangkok Bank points to golden opportunities for Japanese investment, buys real estate, catches tourism and services market after the yen depreciated by more than 30%, beating a 50-year record. Senior Vice President and General Manager, Bangkok Bank, Japan Branch and Tokyo Branch Manager said that the current situation of the yen depreciating by as much as 25-30% is a relatively unlikely event. It is a golden opportunity for high net worth customers and entrepreneurs from Thailand who are interested in investing in assets in Japan at a particularly lower price, especially real estate assets. Land, houses, condominiums, which are the laws of Japan. Foreign nationals are allowed to own real estate. Both buying for investment, developing and doing business and buying for living on our own, we believe that in the long run. The Japanese government will continue to encourage more foreigners to visit to help boost economic growth. The hospitality sector will be an important industry. They also benefit from the depreciation of the yen, which has reached a record level of 50 years. There are many people who buy a condo in Hokkaido for a ski break, maybe a month, and then there is an Asset Management business to help manage the airbnb rental on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. Mr. Thawee said that for future business opportunities in Japan, there will be 2 markets that are very interesting: the elderly market, since people aged 65 years and over will account for up to 30% of the population. Focus on services that make daily life comfortable, such as food that is not made by yourself but ordered to be delivered to the house, focusing on healthy food suitable for the elderly or relaxing, will choose to stay in a hotel that offers full service. The teenage market, which is becoming more and more numerous, is still not high. This group doesn't cook their own food either, because they are in a small room and the smell bothers their neighbors, so they take home or focus on izakaya-style restaurants, which are low-cost food and drink restaurants. Focus on affordable prices You don't have to have a brand. As for leisure, this group is less interested in full-service hotels, but prefers Airbnb to invest in Japan. Businesses or investors may consider applying for loans with financial institutions instead of using their investments altogether, as they will benefit from japan's interest rates, which are still very low and the deposit rate situation is negative. At the same time, it is important to consider borrowing in yen to be in line with the income that will come in yen as well in order to reduce the risk of exchange rates, which is an important market opportunity for Bangkok Bank's Japanese branch because it is the only Thai commercial bank in Japan that offers full financial services and has a license to operate a financial institution as well as a local bank. Therefore, deposits and loans can be accepted in local currency. Our strength is thai-savvy service, which focuses on maintaining relationships and taking care of each other for a long time. Understand Thai customers deeply together. At the same time, we have been in the Japanese market for 68 years, with branches in Tokyo and Osaka. We are confident that we understand the market and Japanese-style business as well. We have a team of both Thais and Japanese people who are ready to coordinate together who are ready to take Thai businesses and investors. ENTER THE JAPANESE MARKET SMOOTHLY AND BE READY TO GROW TOGETHER IN THE LONG RUN.
Thai stocks today, February 28, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 5.00 points, the index was at 1,622 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 5.00 a.m. The index is at 1,622.35. Turnover 80,312.04 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on February 28, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index fell by 5.00%. The index was at 1,622.35. The index peaked at 1,637.41. Low index 1,618.09 The turnover was 80,312.04 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Banpu Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
How to check permissions State welfare card or poor card pass-fail, how to do it?|Check the eligibility of "State Welfare Card" or The New Poor Card, announced on March 1, 2023 for those who meet the criteria - do not meet the criteria. How on February 28, 2023, Mr. Akom Addpittayapaisit Minister of Finance According to the Ministry of Finance, the information of enrollees participating in the State Welfare Registration Program (THE SCHEME) 2022 or the new Poor Card with complete registration status has now been submitted to the relevant qualification checking agencies. The announcement date for the qualification results will be March 1, 2023, and registrants with complete registration status can check the results of the eligibility consideration through 3 channels. As follows:1. Registrants can check the eligibility results in person via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 6.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily.2. REGISTRANTS CAN CHECK THE RESULTS OF THE ELIGIBILITY PROCESS THROUGH THE SEVEN REGISTRATION AGENCIES, NAMELY SPONSORED BRANCHES OF THE BANK FOR AGRICULTURE AND AGRICULTURAL COOPERATIVES (BANK). Krung Thai Savings Bank Public Company Limited (Krung Thai Bank) The 76 provincial treasury offices nationwide, under the Comptroller's Department, all 878 districts nationwide under the Ministry of Interior, all 50 districts of Bangkok, and Pattaya City Hall, Pattaya City, according to the working days and hours of each agency for the verification of eligibility results during weekends and public holidays, subject to the consideration of each registration agency.3. Call the relevant departments, including the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Fiscal Policy, and the Call Center of the State Welfare Card Program. For those who have checked the results of the eligibility examination, it is necessary to bring a smart card to verify their identity at the bank according to the business hours of each https://welfare.mof.go.th mof.go.th https:// bank. Krungthai Bank and Government Savings Bank will provide identity verification service for 180 days from the date of announcement of the results of the qualification (March 1 to August 27, 2023) and Krungthai Bank will provide identity verification service with no end date. For identity verification during weekends and public holidays, subject to the consideration of each bank, the registrant who meets the eligibility criteria will link a PromptPay account with a citizen ID number to receive benefits. You can link your PromptPay account to any bank. It's not. By linking promptpay accounts in advance, the eligible person will be convenient to receive welfare rights if the government has benefits that will be transferred to the account in the future. If the authentication status is found to be complete. In the event that the applicant successfully passes the identity verification from March 1 – 26, 2023, and in the case of those who have passed the eligibility examination after March 26, 2023, they will be able to use the state welfare rights as specified by the Ministry of Finance. Appeals for self-determination of eligibility can be made via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 6.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily.2. Appeal the results of the qualification through the 7 registration agencies, namely Government Savings Bank, Krungthai Bank, Bank of Thailand, Provincial Treasury Offices in all provinces, district governors. According to the business days and hours of each agency, the registration agency staff will be the one who will file an appeal against the result of the qualification consideration. A request must be made to check and correct the information provided by the qualification agency that the registrant does not meet the criteria for self-determination or in accordance with the conditions specified by the qualification agency in order to update or correct the information in case the information is inaccurate. REGISTRANTS CAN FOLLOW THE NEWS AND DETAILS OF THE 2022 PROJECT AT THE WEBSITE https:// STATE WELFARE CARD.mof.go.th OR https://welfare.mof.go.th SPONSORED.
1 March 2023 Check eligibility Poor card, state welfare card with identity verification|"State Welfare Card" or "Poor People's Card" The eligibility check opens on March 1, 2023. On March 1, 2023, it was reported that from the case of Mr. Akom Addpittayapaisit Minister of Finance To disclose the progress of the State Welfare Registration Program (THE PROJECT) 2022 or the new Poor Card that will announce the results of the eligibility examination today (March 1, 2023), it was found that registrants with complete registration status can check the results of eligibility consideration through 3 channels. As follows:1. Registrants can check the eligibility results themselves via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily.2. REGISTRANTS CAN CHECK THE RESULTS OF THE ELIGIBILITY PROCESS THROUGH THE SEVEN REGISTRATION AGENCIES, NAMELY SPONSORED BRANCHES OF THE BANK FOR AGRICULTURE AND AGRICULTURAL COOPERATIVES (BANK). Krung Thai Savings Bank Public Company Limited (Krung Thai Bank) The 76 provincial treasury offices nationwide, under the Comptroller's Department, all 878 districts nationwide under the Ministry of Interior, all 50 districts of Bangkok, and Pattaya City Hall, Pattaya City, according to the working days and hours of each agency for the verification of eligibility results during weekends and public holidays, subject to the consideration of each registration agency.3. For those who have checked the results of the eligibility examination, it is necessary to verify their identity https://welfare.mof.go.th mof.go.th https:// at Krungthai Bank, Government Savings Bank and THE BANK of Thailand from March 1, 2023 onwards. Krungthai Bank and Government Savings Bank will provide identity verification services for 180 days from the date of announcement of the results (March 1 - August 27, 2023) and Krungthai Bank will provide identity verification services with no end date. For identity verification during weekends and public holidays, subject to the consideration of each bank by the registrant who meets the eligibility criteria, link your PromptPay account with your citizen ID number to receive benefits. You can link your PromptPay account to any bank. It's not. By linking promptpay accounts in advance, it will be convenient for the eligible person to receive benefits if the government has benefits that will be transferred to the account in the future. If the authentication status is found to be complete. In the event that the applicant successfully passes the identity verification from March 1-26, 2023, and in the case of those who have successfully passed the identity verification criteria after March 26, 2023, they will be able to use the state welfare rights as specified by the Ministry of Finance. Appeals for self-determination of eligibility via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily2. Appeal the results of the qualification through the 7 registration agencies, namely Government Savings Bank, Krungthai Bank, Bank of Thailand, Provincial Treasury Offices in all provinces, district governors. The applicant must present his/her id card to the registration agency staff before submitting an appeal after the applicant has completed the confirmation of the appeal in accordance with the procedure. REGISTRANTS CAN FOLLOW THE NEWS AND DETAILS OF THE 2022 PROJECT AT THE WEBSITE https:// STATE WELFARE CARD.mof.go.th OR https://welfare.mof.go.th SPONSORED.
KBank Injection Beacon VC 1.2 billion Set Impact Fund to invest for the world after exceeding IRR targets 1.5x|Beacon VC CVC under Kasikorn Bank Beacon Impact Fund established with an investment of 1,200 million baht In ESG business, Thailand and ASEAN within 3 years with the performance of the previous year exit 3 deals. This year, the bank is preparing to invest 15 more deals**Set up Impact Fund to invest for the world Mr. Thanapong Na Ranong, Managing Director of Beacon Ventures KBank's Beacon VC Corporate Venture Capital, a long-time leader in startup investments, has announced that it will be launching a new venture capital firm. Beacon Impact Fund of 1,200 million baht or approximately 30 million U.S. dollars has been established to invest in businesses with sustainable concepts and develop solutions to solve problems or make a positive impact on various dimensions of ESG, including measurable results and the potential to be able to expand broadly, in accordance with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations and KBank's commitment to enhance its business operations based on the Bank of Sustainability principles, to be part of paving the way for Thai society and the world to transition to a brighter and more sustainable economy than ever before. The company aims to invest $1-3 million in each business. The level of startups investing will be the Early - Growth Stage, which is the level that can generate recurring income and conduct business in accordance with ESG as follows: Currently, there are more than 10 startups under discussion for Impact Fund investments, Mr. Thanapong added that in addition to investment goals, Impact Fund will be different from traditional funds. The returns that are normally received are in the form of money, but for impact funds, social returns are also expected. Each type of business has a different measurement method, and the most important thing to invest in is that every company must have good governance that must be the basis of business operations. Beacon VC has received more than $265 million in bank funding, has invested $160 million, operates through three funds: one, Synergistic Fund, a fund focused on synergy for the bank, and two opportunistic funds, a fund focused on creating new opportunities, investing in startups that develop technology for the future. After previously receiving $20 million three, the latest fund to launch Impact Fund as an investment for the world for its performance last year, Beacon VC has already withdrawn three startup exits, generating a return on investment (IRR) for the bank 1.5 times higher than its target. Aim to invest in startups with at least 15 deals Spend a minimum of US$28 million, averaging US$1-3 million each.
view Thailand's economy grows 3-4% this year to keep an eye on household debt and digital finance Adapting to new global industries|Bank of Thailand (BOT) Governor Sethaputhi Suttivatnruputhi said that the Thai economy will continue to recover in 2023. Despite the slowdown in the global economy, the Thai economy is expected to grow by 3-4% in 2023, driven by a tourism sector that is expected to grow by 25.5 million people. While private consumption will grow by 3-4%, merchandise exports will slow down in line with the global economy, with the BOT maintaining its export forecast for this year at 1%. Headline inflation is expected to return to the 1-3% range in the second half of this year, with inflation expected to be at 3% in 2022, and core inflation must be monitored, which may be higher than expected due to the transmission of business costs and economic recovery. The risk to the Thai economy in the long run is when the Thai economy has a gradual recovery. The next phase must ensure sustainable economic growth, with three challenges still ahead. Digital finance, including coping and adapting to environmental sustainability Thailand is at high risk from climate change, which has a faster and more severe impact than expected. MEANWHILE, 1/3 of Thai workers are in the agricultural sector and more than 20% of Thai factories are at risk of flooding due to rising sea levels. According to the survey, 30% of Thailand's industrial GDP is in the Old World, including automotive, petroleum and petrochemicals, and 13% of industrial GDP may be affected by environmental barriers that are being introduced in many countries around the world.
1.12 billion baht Koh Samui Underwater Cable Increase the power transmission capability|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The cabinet meeting was held on 10 February 2019. Approval of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) Construction of an undersea cable system development project was carried out to the area. Koh Samui The total amount is 11,230 million baht. To increase the capacity to transmit electrical energy. Koh Samui Surat Thani province and neighboring island areas include Koh Tao and Koh Phangan. In accordance with Thailand's Power Development Plan B.E. 2561-2580 Revised No. 1, EGAT will use at least 25% of internal cash flow and 75% of other sources of financing. The net present value is estimated at 10,130.7 million baht. This will increase the wholesale electricity tariff by 0.0025 baht per unit throughout the project life, with the Ministry of Finance not needing to guarantee loans because EGAT is a potential state enterprise with stable financial position.
Don't rush to book us for Phase 5 from March 7.|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) He said that after opening to the public to participate in The We Travel Together Phase 5 project on February 27 alone, about 30,000 new people registered. As a result, there are now about 10 million people who can use the system. Meanwhile, we travel together phase 5 has a total of 560,000 privileges/room and has a validity period of only 2 months from March 10 to April 30, 2023. Therefore, anyone who wants to use the privilege must make a reservation immediately. With the first day of booking opening on March 7, 2023, Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn also mentioned the trend in Q1 this year, which TAT expects at least 6 million foreign tourists to come to Thailand. After the first 2 months (Jan-Feb) The cumulative number is 4 million, with 2,088,832 in January alone. The latest data from Feb. 1-26 was 1,928,079. Tourists are expected from short-term markets such as ASEAN, India and China. Throughout 2023, TAT has maintained its target of 2.38 trillion baht in total tourism revenue. In the best case, 25-30 million people are expected. Generated revenue of 1.5 trillion baht The Thai tourist market is targeted at at least 160 million people per visit, with revenues of 880 billion baht. Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakarn Minister of Tourism and Sports According to the Ministry of Public Health, Rt-PCR test results were given to Chinese tourists before returning to China. With less than 1% of the infections, it is hoped that the Chinese authorities will consider lifting the measures, contributing to the flow of travel to Thailand. In February, TAT held a promotional roadshow. One of the cities hosting the event was Shanghai, before the COVID-19 crisis. There are over 400 flights per week from Shanghai. When the pandemic hit, there were only 7 flights a week. ALTHOUGH IT HAS NOW INCREASED TO 95 FLIGHTS PER WEEK, IT IS FAR FROM WHAT IT USED TO DO.SPONSORED Read related news
The Minister left the budget to help the community. Southern Border Housing Fund - Rubber Insurance - Flood|Miss TRISULI TRISARANAKUL A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the cabinet meeting was held on Monday. Approved the allocation of expenditure budget for fiscal year 2023. List of emergency or necessary cash reserves with a limit of 1,037.48 million baht To pay for the pilot project according to the BCG (Bio-Circular-Green Economy) model, the Village and Urban Fund as proposed by the Office of the Village and Urban Fund (NESDB), currently has 786 funds. Since it has foreseen the suffering of village fund members as well as people living in villages and communities who have to bear the burden of higher production costs but lower productivity or income, there is an urgent need to implement the project by adopting the BCG economic model to drive production uplift. Trade and services at the community level. The Cabinet also approved the allocation of funds from the Farmers Relief Fund to the Livestock Department for the implementation of the Southern Border Cattle Project with a limit of 1,566 million baht. Repayment within 7 years, interest 0%, project period 65-72 years by Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office He said the project is one of the activities of the Livestock City Project under the Halal Economic Corridor. In addition, the Cabinet approved the rubber farmers' income insurance scheme. Phase 4: 7,643 million baht and approval of loan support project to provide working capital to rubberwood and products entrepreneurs Phase 2: Loan amount of 20,000 million baht with Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A SPOKESMAN FOR THE PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE SAID THAT THE CABINET HAS APPROVED ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS FOR FLOOD VICTIMS DURING THE RAINY SEASON OF 2022 FOR FLOOD-AFFECTED AREAS FROM OCT. 29, 2022 TO JANUARY 31, 2023, IN BANGKOK AND 15 PROVINCES, TOTALING 237,048 HOUSEHOLDS WITH A LIMIT OF 1,190.46 MILLION BAHT.
Invite your parents to set up a company. A fuzzy superstition business should build credibility.|The Department of Business Development revealed the superstitions in Thailand, pushing the number of faith-based businesses to skyrocket over the past 3 years, setting up more than 50 new customers with a registered capital of more than 50 million baht. More than 50% more assets, 113% more income in 2021, and 113% more than 113% of the company's assets have been registered. The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that since the 63rd year, the belief in the science has been secret. Worshipping sacred things to enhance your destiny and destiny in Thailand It's growing in popularity by leaps and bounds. Because it is believed that it will help promote the work. Finance, fortune, and love, coupled with the science of faith, are used to plan marketing strategies. As a result, businesses engage in faith activities to support marketing. The growth rate has increased over the past 3 years, from 63-65 years. In 2010, there were 11 registered establishments with registered capital of 7.59 million baht, and in 20 years of 20 establishments, an increase of 9 or 81.8% with registered capital of 13.41 million baht. Increased by 5.82 million baht or 76.7%, 2022 established 24 establishments, increased by 4 customers or 20.0%, registered capital of 27.45 million baht Increased by 14.04 million baht or 104.7%SPONSORED while business performance In 2020, the total revenue was 28.76 million baht. Assets increased by 4.48 million baht or 18.5% from 2019, while assets were 47.31 million baht. Decreased by 2.23 million baht or 4.5% to profit of 1.52 million baht Revenue increased by 0.40 million baht or 35.7% and in 2021, total revenue was 61.28 million baht. Increased by 32.52 million baht or 113.1% from 2020 with assets of 71.07 million baht Increased by 23.76 million baht or 50.22% and loss of 1.86 million baht Although the total income and assets increased from 2020, there was a loss due to the expansion of investment to support the growth after the COVID-19 pandemic. 2.40% and France 0.98 million baht. 0.96%," Mr. Sinit continued, adding that the business of faith activities to promote marketing in Thailand. Relatively few are registered as legal entities. When comparing the volume of business operators in terms of market beliefs. Most of them prefer to operate as individuals. Want to give your business credibility or expand your business to other services? The registration of a juristic person will contribute to the credibility and expansion of the business in a greater variety of ways. According to a survey conducted by the College of Management. Mahidol University on the superstitions of Thai people The top 5 are: 1.Forecasting (daily, monthly, weekly), astrology, handwriting, gypsy cards. 2. Amulets 3. Auspicious colors 4. Auspicious numbers 5. Supernatural Access to superstitious information and content Most of them are through social media channels and websites, followed by people around them and consulting experts in that science, respectively. This represents 0.01% of the total 857,511 businesses operating and has a capital value of 101.98 million baht. This represents 0.0005% of the total business operations of 21.36 trillion baht.  Most of them are small businesses.
"White Lotus" shows silk boxing pants Arts and Crafts Foundation|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Minister of Commerce revealed that the Thai Arts and Crafts Promotion Institute (Public Organization) or sacit has been tasked to promote the tourism sector that demonstrates the power of Thai arts and crafts by drawing on the charm of wisdom and creativity to further trade and diversify tourism. In order to attract tourists, the "Andaman Craft Festival" was held on March 12, 2023 at Lan Mangkorn, Phuket, ensuring that in addition to boosting tourism, it will also generate at least 2,000 million baht in revenue for Thai arts and crafts products in the gift and souvenir market in Phuket and the southern region. Her Majesty Queen Sirikit combines silk embroidery or traditional Thai embroidery in high-class dance costumes. With a complex process such as embroidery, line embroidery, solid embroidery, alley embroidery using silver tinsel, gold tinsel. The craftsmanship of Teacher Piyoros Bua Yellow Thai Arts and Crafts Teacher of the Year 2022 of sacit of Teacher Pardee Wongsrichan SCIT's 2012 arts and crafts teacher is considered to be a distribution of income to the local community. The Acting Director of the Thai Arts and Crafts Promotion Institute said that "Buakhao Commandamek", the world's favorite world champion, will wear the world's first silk Muay Thai pants and a Muay Thai robe that uses silk embroidery techniques. To create soft power for the Thai arts and crafts industry, there is also a fashion show of eco-friendly Thai fabrics with modern design. Led by "Anna Tiger Ngam Iam" Miss Universe Thailand 2022.SPONSORED
Gas price hike today! Next month, it's getting even better.|Reporters reported from the Ministry of Energy that on March 1, 2023 The retail price of LPG will increase by another kilogram (kg). 1 baht per drum or 15 baht per 15 kg drum, which is from 408 baht per bucket to 423 baht, effective from March 1-31, 2023, according to the resolution of the Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC). The meeting was held on March 7, 2023. As of February 28, the oil fund has already subsidized the price of LPG to the public at 9.04 baht per 100,000 baht. Or 23.13 million baht per day or 693 million baht per month. As a result, LPG accounts were negative 46,095 million baht. That nearly hit the ceiling set by the oil fund, not exceeding 48 billion baht. Oil accounts were negative 57,917 million baht. As a result, the overall oil fund account was negative 104,102 million baht. Therefore, it is expected that in November 2020, This April, there is a chance that the government will approve an increase in LPG prices by 1 baht per 100,000 baht. This will result in the price rising to 438 baht per barrel.
Election 66 made 100 million dollars to stimulate the "advertising budget" economy.|Election 66 makes money to stimulate the economy MI GROUP expects "advertising budget" to come to 100 million Mr. Pawat Ruangdejworachai Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Media Intelligence Group. MI GROUP said it expects the 2023 elections to take place no later than the middle of the month. It is expected that there will be at least 100 million baht. We think that this is likely to be another factor that will boost demand during April-May. "By comparing the data at the 2014 and 2019 elections and the bangkok governorship election, we found that the advertising of political parties was originally through traditional media such as newspapers, TV, billboards and radio, but now it has changed. Political parties and candidates will instead use online media in order to gain engagement for fans and the public, or to be aware of news programs, DBET programs, giving the media more space to sell advertising." SPONSORED For the overall advertising industry in the first 2 months of this year, we found that the lending category, especially personal loans, has been very active in the last 1-2 years, but this year is expected to be less active due to thailand's household debt jumping to 90% of GDP as a result of full personal debt. Low repayment capacity, which led to higher personal loan (NPL) bad debt, reached 4.4% last year. Commercial vehicles, clean energy vehicles (EV, HEV, PHEV) are expected to spend more than 5,800 million baht this year. Concerts, Trade Shows More than 1,000 million baht is expected this year - E-Commerce, especially market place, travel, used cars, insurance, deals and special discounts. More than 1,800 million baht is expected this year- Food, beverages and services, especially in the health and beauty sector. The total amount of money is expected to be more than 9,800 million baht this year- products in the beauty category. The total amount is expected to be more than 9,300 million baht this year.
Gold price today, March 1, 2023, opened the market on the morning of the lottery, jumped 150 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Wednesday morning, March 1, 2023, the price will increase by 150 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,350 baht per baht. On March 1, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st Thai gold price today at 09.30 a.m. rose by 150 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,250 baht per baht, selling out 30,350 baht. "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,698.44 baht per baht. Sold out thb 30,850 Today's gold price is 2 pieces or 50 satang, 2 pieces of gold bullion buy 15,125 baht, sell out 15,175 baht, gold jewelry 2 shillings, buy 14,849.22 baht, sell out 15,425 baht. Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,562.50 Baht Sell Out 7,587.50 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,424.61 Baht Sell Out 7,712.50 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,781.25 Baht Sell Out 3,793.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,712.305 Baht Sell Out 3,856.25 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
SET orders up SP 2 shares as Stark-Ramkhamhaeng Hospital The latter refused to submit financial statements as scheduled.|The Stock Exchange of Thailand The Company has announced the suspension of the SP mark or suspension of trading in the following 6 shares of the Company: Group Lease Public Company Limited or GL, Kulthorn Kirby Public Company Limited or KKC, Max Metal Corporation Public Company Limited or MAX, Patkol Public Company Limited or PK, Ramkhamhaeng Hospital Public Company Limited or RAM, Stark Corporation Public Company Limited or STARK, with effect from March 1. Chairman of the Board Stark Corporation Public Company Limited or STARK disclosed to the Stock Exchange of Thailand that it would like to clarify to the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Shareholders and investors that the Company is obliged to submit the consolidated and separate financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 later than required by relevant laws and regulations due to some information under the Company's operations and the audit of the auditors. In 2024, the company has set a total value of 3,934 million baht, with the objective of using the funds to 1) repay loans from financial institutions and 2) to provide working capital in the business or repay existing debentures or bills of exchange, all of which are due by 2022. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is scheduled for April 27 and the dividend payment will be omitted.
Setha Thaweesin Happy with the 2022 financial results "Sansiri" made a profit of 4,280 million baht. |Sansiri posted its highest profit in 38 years in 38 years, surpassing 4,280 million baht. 112% highest in industry Mr. Setha Thaweesin President & CEO Sansiri Public Company Limited (SIRI) said that in 2022, Sansiri received good feedback from customers and had strong performance in terms of total sales of 50 billion baht, up almost 50% from the previous year, with total revenue of 34,983 million baht. Revenue from residential projects stood at Baht 30,716 million, with the main income coming from low- and high-rise housing at 67%: 33%. Increased from 2021 with net profit of Baht 2,017 million It is the company with the highest profit growth rate in the industry or the real estate sector. Net profit margin increased to 12.2% of total revenue, growing from 6.8% last year, mainly due to the increase in gross profitability from 33.7% in 2021 to 35.4% in 2022, and outstanding performance, especially in 4Q22 with total revenue of over 13,071 million baht. Net profit of 1,791 million baht, up 422% compared to the same period last year PROFIT IN A SINGLE QUARTER SURPASSED A RECORD HIGH. Exponential business growth rate This is the result of the feedback on Sansiri's residential brand, which has always gained the confidence of good customers. The company's financial discipline control as well as efficient construction management to deliver quality housing to customers has resulted in the company being more efficient in making a profit and generating higher revenues. It's not. The Company is also preparing to declare an annual dividend payment to shareholders at the rate of Baht 0.15 per share. In September 2022, at the rate of Baht 0.04 per share, the company is preparing to pay the final dividend at the rate of Baht 0.11 per share, with a dividend yield of up to 8%, which is a high rate in the real estate business. The total value is more than 75,000 million baht. This will mark the highest number of new project launches on record. It is divided into 30 low-rise projects and 22 condominium projects with a sales target of 55 billion baht in 2023. Total revenue target of 40,000 million baht Record highs include all-time high net profit targets since the company's inception.
Thai stocks today, March 1, 2023, ended the morning up 2.17 points, the index was at 1,624 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 2.17 points at 1,624.36 points with a turnover of 30,326.93 million baht. The index was at 1,624.52 points with a turnover of 30,326.93 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited 3. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
Biden breaks China's capital cuts, sets trillions to support chipmakers, semiconductors Set up a manufacturing plant in the U.S.|U.S. Government Announced $39 billion or $1.36 trillion in capital subsidies To U.S. manufacturers with measures supported by a 25% investment tax credit for building semiconductor chip manufacturing and assembly plants in the country, the announcement of this grant was announced. Following the announcement of the CHIPS and Science Act, the budget was set at $52 billion or $1.9 trillion. It is part of an economic plan to invest in the U.S. to stimulate private investment in key industries in the country. Create more working capital and employment in the former U.S. Assigned to Chinese and Taiwanese companies primarily to manufacture and assemble semiconductor chip parts. Such legislation will reduce dependence on foreign production. Attracting domestic and foreign manufacturers to invest and build key U.S. industries Get on the front lines to fight China in the global market, companies that want to get funding. The conditions must be met, i.e. not to participate in joint research or attempt to issue technology licenses to foreign entities. In addition, receiving companies that receive more than $150 million or more of direct funding must share any profits or cash flows that exceed expectations from the agreed agreement with the government, and prohibit manufacturers from buying back the company's shares within 5 years of receiving funds, and the company must promote training and advanced engineering skills for American workers. The country is expected to increase its R&D funding by the end of this year nist.gov
How to check the status of "State Welfare Card 2023"|How to check the status of "State Welfare Card 2023" in detail, check clearly the text "Qualified criteria" and "Not meet eligibility criteria", what to do next, the reporter reported that the Ministry of Finance has sent the information of enrollees to the State Welfare Registration Program (THE PROGRAM) 2022 with complete registration status to the relevant qualification checking agencies to check the qualifications. The operation in this step was successful. and the Civil Welfare Committee for The Foundation Economy and Society (the Committee). As the main responsible agency in the project, the announcement of the results of the 2022 eligibility review will be set on March 1, 2023. As follows:1. Registrants can check the eligibility results themselves via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily.2. Registrants can check the results of the eligibility examination through the 7 registration agencies, namely branches of the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). Krung Thai Savings Bank Public Company Limited (Krung Thai Bank) All 76 provincial treasury offices nationwide, under the Comptroller's Department, all 878 districts nationwide under the Ministry of Interior, all 50 districts of Bangkok, and Pattaya City Hall, Pattaya City, according to the business days and hours of each agency for the qualification examination during the Saturday holidays. - Sundays and public holidays shall be subject to the consideration of each registration agencySPONSORED3. Call the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Fiscal Economics, and the State Welfare Card Program Call Center Monday - Friday according to the business hours of each agency.1. Appeals for self-determination of eligibility via the State Welfare Card website are available from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily.2. Appeal the results of the qualification through the 7 registration agencies, namely Government Savings Bank, Krungthai Bank, Bank of Thailand, Provincial Treasury Offices in all provinces, district governors. Bangkok District Office and Pattaya City Hall according to the business days and hours of each agency, the registration agency staff will be the one who will file an appeal for the result of the eligibility consideration. After the person does not meet the eligibility criteria The confirmation of the appeal has been completed in accordance with the procedure. A request must be made to check and correct the information provided by the qualification agency that the registrant does not meet the criteria for self-determination or in accordance with the conditions specified by the qualification agency in order to update or correct the information in case the information is inaccurate. It must be completed by May 1, 2023 only.
Origin is preparing to ask shareholders to enter the IPO, becoming the third company in the group to enter the stock market.|Origin Property Public Company Limited (ORI) has informed the Stock Exchange that it has approved the plan to issue and offer newly issued ordinary shares of Company Limited ("ONE"). First public offering (IPO) and listing of ONE on the Stock Exchange of Thailand The Board of Directors of Origin Property Public Company Limited No. 2/2023 on February 28, 2023 approved the plan to issue and offer newly issued ordinary shares of the Company. One Origin Co., Ltd. or ONEO to the general public for the first time (IPO) and the listing of ONEO on the Stock Exchange of Thailand  Under this spin-off plan, ONEO expects to offer Newly issued ordinary shares to the general public and other types of investors, including the offering of newly issued ordinary shares and warrants, which contain shares allocated to support the exercise of warrants to directors. Executives and/or employees of ONEO and/or its subsidiaries (ESOP and ESOP Warrants) totaling no more than 26.13% of ONEO's total paid-up capital following the initial public offering (IPO) and the exercise of ESOP Warrants (under the assumption that there will be a subscription for newly issued ordinary shares and the exercise of warrants) Show the whole amount).  Details of the issuance and offering of newly issued ordinary shares of ONEO to the general public for the first time The issuer and offeror of securities One Origin Co., Ltd. or ONEO Type of securities offered: Newly issued ordinary shares of ONEO. The proportion of newly issued and offered ordinary shares and ordinary shares not exceeding 26.13% of ONEO's paid-up capital after the initial public offering (IPO) and the exercise of ESOP and ESOP WarrantSPONSORED rightsThe plan to use the proceeds from the initial public offering (IPO) will be as follows: 1) to finance the development of the project and/or business expansion and/or 2) to pay off loans and/or 3) to provide working capital for the Company's operations. It is the business plan of Origin Group that wants to list one subsidiary or group company on the stock exchange per year. Service Solutions Public Company Limited or PRI has already raised capital on the stock exchange.
Index Living Mall in 2022, the highest profit since its establishment in 1994, plans to expand 3 more branches|Ms. Krischanok Pattamsattayasonthi, Managing Director of Index Living Mall Public Company Limited or ILM, a fully integrated furniture and home furnishings retail business in Thailand. Revealed that the 2022 financial results totaled 9,009.0 million baht. Growth of 7.1% year on year and net profit of Baht 659.1 million In addition, Index Living Mall and Little Walk Ladkrabang, the newest branches that opened in December 2022, received very good feedback. The remarkable recovery of foreign tourists, especially after China announced the opening of the country from January 8, 2023, as well as investment in the country, has been positive. THE POSITIVE ECONOMIC OUTLOOK WILL HELP BOOST CONSUMER CONFIDENCE AND SUPPORT DOMESTIC CONSUMPTION GROWTH. We are committed to driving future performance to be able to grow continuously. The company plans to expand one more Community Mall, Little Walk, Krungthep Kreetha. The company plans to expand three additional Index Living Mall branches during 2023-2024, which will help drive the Company's performance in 2023 to achieve its target growth. Ms. Krischanok concluded.
Thai stocks today, March 1, 2023, ended the afternoon up 1.38 points, the index was at 1,619 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the afternoon, the index was up 1.38 to 1,619.98. Turnover 59,129.23 On March 1, 2023, half a day in the afternoon, the index rose 1.38, a change of 0.14%, to 1,619.98. The index peaked at 1,628.92. The index is at a low of 1,619.72. The turnover was 59,129.23 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Company. Banpu Public Company Limited 2. CP ALL Public Company Limited 3. Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited 4. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Public Company Limited.
4.8 lakh "poor card" verification|Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy On March 1, the first day that the eligible applicants had to verify their identity, it appeared that there were a total of 484,241 people who came to verify their identity at 3 banks, namely Government Savings Bank, Krungthai Bank Limited, Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC), and 158,754 non-eligible registrants. For example, some people used to have credit cards but they have been cancelled and did not take out loans, so they will hasten to check the information of the appellant again. The bank said that people who meet the eligibility criteria can verify their identity at THE BANK until August 27, and the registrant must bring a smart card to verify their identity through an EDC machine and must link their PromptPay account with their citizen ID number to receive the privilege. The authorized person can prepare documents to verify identity through EDC machines, such as the authorized person's ID card. Once the identity has been verified, the status of the identity verification can be checked by yourself through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th"Read related newsSPONSORED
The Bank of Thailand lowered its export target this year by -1 to 0% due to the global economy.|Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The meeting of the 3 Private Sector Joint Committees (MPC) revised its forecast for Thai exports this year to contract in the -1 range. Although it is expected to expand by 1-2% due to the slowdown in the global economy, especially its main trading partners, the overall Thai economy will benefit from the tourism sector, with the number of foreign tourists coming to Thailand expected to be in the range of 25-30 million people. Therefore, the GDP growth rate is still projected to expand at 3-3.5%, headline inflation of 2.7-3.2% as per the previous framework"The BANK expects that the Thai economy will not experience technical recession or technical recession, although the growth of the Thai economy in the fourth quarter of 2022 will contract by 1.5% compared to the third quarter of 2022. It is expected to see the formation of a new government in May. Therefore, the Thai economy should give priority to stimulating domestic consumption. Accelerating government spending In addition to relying on opportunities from the tourism sector that has continued to expand during this period in order to promote tourism that will distribute income to the community, which will help drive the economy to be able to expand within the original economic projections, "This year, the picture of the economy will change from exports to tourism, and government spending because exports will be affected. While short-term investment will slow down to wait for clarity from the new government, including export-related investment, it may also slow down, but investment related to tourism will grow well." Solving problems, including measures to help SMEs.
Wait for the new government to decide. "CP" The state has amended the contract for rail linking 3 airports.|The EEC board did not approve the amendment to the HSS train contract. Connecting three airports, as requested by the CP Group, the Home Secretary suggested that the amendment of the contract may have to wait for the new government to come. Because if parliament is dissolved, the acting government has no power to do so. "Saksiam" ordered the RFM to finalize the details after the Administrative Court dismissed the case against BTS for bidding for the Orange Line. Connecting the three airports will not be able to start construction as scheduled last month. June 2023 to commence operations in 2027 because of the meeting of the Eastern Economic Corridor Board (EEC Board) that has Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is the President. On March 1, 2023 Do not bring about the amendment of the joint venture agreement in this project that has already been negotiated. Between the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) and Asia Era One Co., Ltd. of CP Group entered into the consideration of the meeting. After CP Group requested that it be affected by the COVID-19 situation. The government assigned the SRT to renegotiate because it disagreed with CP Group's request to amend the contract to allow the state to pay for construction as early as 21 months onwards. The construction was completed in the 6th year and the state paid the construction cost in the 10th year with a limit of 133,475 million baht. The government shall pay for the construction as before. The case led to an amendment to the three-airport high-speed rail joint venture contract. It cannot be carried out in time in this government. The Cabinet Secretary said that the case would be proposed. THE MINISTER AMENDED CONTRACTS FOR LARGE-SCALE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS, SUCH AS THE HIGH-SPEED RAIL PROJECT CONNECTING THREE AIRPORTS, IF THE ACTING GOVERNMENT IS UNABLE TO DO SO BECAUSE IT WILL BE BINDING ON THE NEXT GOVERNMENT. Prayuth said some of the things that need to be improved must be in accordance with the consensus of the meeting. The government must be extremely careful. Don't want it to be a problem or an unreliable issue. The important thing today is that there is already a lot of investment going on in the EEC. The story of the high-speed train connecting three airports Therefore, it is necessary to find the right course of action to complete the process. So that there is no problem with Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Transport Minister said the Supreme Administrative Court dismissed the case against BTS. Selection Committee for The Orange Line Project Bang Khun Non-Minburi (Suwinthawong) and Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA) In the case of a resolution to amend the criteria and procedures for determining the winners of the assessment of private selection documents, it is stated that The R.F.M. went to extract the verdict. Instead, he concluded with the Ministry of Transport's legal department before proposing to consider how to proceed. Is the Cabinet considering modernizing this government? In this regard, He has not yet answered, but has tried to follow all the steps as carefully as possible in his power, but there is currently no dissolution of parliament, but if the parliament is dissolved and is in the process of acting ministers, it follows the powers conferred by the Constitution. The Deputy Prime Minister said that anything that is already in the roadmap can be implemented.
13 music royalty collection companies opened|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that the Department of Intellectual Property has now announced a list of music royalty collection companies that comply with the criteria of good practice. In order to ensure that these companies conduct their business fairly, transparently and reliably in accordance with the guidelines endorsed by the Department, 13 companies are Music Copyright, MPC Music, Funorites, RMS Publishing, All Dance Copyright, Rose Media & Entertainment, Digital One Solutions, Smile Music Licensing, Thai Music Copyright, Juad Production House, Good Music Copyright, Copyright and DMC 2021. Music copyright owners should therefore opt for the services of royalty collection companies that operate in accordance with the standards set by the Department. This not only ensures that royalties are received from their music works in full, but also creates fairness for merchants. The general public wants it. "The Department has created fairness and transparency in the use of copyrighted music that has worked proactively to prevent the collection of inaccurate royalties or burdens on entrepreneurs by establishing good practices in the management of music royalty collection for storage companies to use as a guideline for their operations, as well as publishing a list of companies that comply with such criteria every year so that entrepreneurs, businesses, and the public know that these companies conduct their business fairly, transparently and reliably."
Banpu EBITDA jumps 120% to record high Target 2023 to increase gas and coal production capacity|Banpu Public Company Limited An international leader in diversified energy Revealed the business results for the year 2022 with total sales revenue of 272,270 million baht. Profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization expense (EBITDA) totaled Baht 137.3 billion, or 120% increase from the previous year, the highest on record, and net profit tripled from the previous year to Baht 40,519 million. Strong earnings and cash flows were the result of rising commodity prices and the easing of the COVID situation that contributed to greater demand for energy. Meanwhile, supply is not producing in time, causing an energy crisis. This, coupled with the tensions of the Russo-Ukrainian War, has caused volatility in global energy prices. This is the reason for the rise in coal and gas prices. Factors that contribute to banpu's exponential growth It comes from synergy with the American gas business group, namely power plants. Banpu Power's Temper 1 natural gas and the new S Curve investment, which has been in operation since last year through the establishment of Banpu venture capital to invest in future important businesses and can expand banpu's energy technology business, which is accelerating growth according to the Greener & Smarter strategy. Banpu aims to increase production capacity by 2023 in the energy resources business, namely gas and coal. It is expected to have an annual gas sales volume of approximately 280 billion cubic feet and coal sales volume of 42 million tons. For the investment target of 2023-2025, 60% of the investment in non-gas businesses such as renewable energy or energy technologies and approximately 40% investment in gas based businesses in America, such as power plants or natural gas fields, to achieve the objectives of the Greener&Smarter strategy in 2025SPONSORED.
Financial exclusion : Homework from the Thai financial sector|Thailand's economic activity gradually improved in line with GDP at 2.6% last year and is expected to grow to 3.4% this year, in line with the economic direction and the investment climate have improved somewhat. China's reopening is contributing to Thailand's tourism growth as well as the region, with ASEAN expected to grow by 4-5%. This article focuses on homework problems from the Thai financial sector, starting with a separate analysis into two perspectives. The improvement in ASEAN economies is fragmented. The proportion of the middle class in ASEAN will increase to 65% by 2030 from 54% in 2020, and the wealthy population in the Asia-Pacific region will grow by 58% between 2021 and 2026. Interestingly, the value of assets under Wealth Management (AUM) in Asia will increase by 1.7 times by 2025 compared to 2021. A survey conducted by Visa and SEA found that 96% of Thais have a mobile app, and Thailand has the largest proportion of using digital finance applications (E-banking and E-wallet) in ASEAN. Access to financing, savings and investment Especially those who already have access to main financial services (loans, investments and insurance) 98% of these people want to use digital financial services in the future. There are unexpected costs. Lack of liquidity in business, which is different from the perspective of other countries. In ASEAN, the key role of financial services is liquidity management and savings for the future. Many digital Thais still have access to basic financial services such as savings and online payments, with 72% still not having access to other core services such as loans and investments. A survey of people who need loans found that commercial banks provide loans to less than 50% of all borrowers. As a result, they have to rely on other sources of credit that are not financial institutions. In addition, micro-enterprises have significantly less access to credit than SMEs. The number one barrier to accessing Thai loans is not interest rates, but the complicated and complicated collateral-intensive loan application process. It was found that a small minority of Thais are accustomed to investing. Thais in the digital age used to invest less than 30% in the financial markets (stocks, bonds, mutual funds) and less than 15%. More than 60% of Thais still choose to save money in their deposit accounts based on environmental factors. To look at us at changing consumer behavior. This makes it clear that the homework of the Thai financial sector is that there are still people who have not received unserved or underserved services so that they cannot fully access growth opportunities during the economic upturn. Financial exclusion is therefore a homework for the Thai financial sector to think about how to meet the needs of financial service users. Dr. Somprawin Manprasert Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Strategy Group Siam Commercial Bank This article is a personal opinion and therefore does not necessarily correspond to the opinion of the author's affiliated agencySPONSORED Reference-Park, C. Y., & Yeung, B. (2021). An integrated and smart ASEAN: Overcoming adversities and achieving sustainable and inclusive growth.- Credit Suisse Research Institute (2022). Global Wealth Report 2022: Leading perspectives to navigate the future.- Accenture (2022). The future is calling: How advisory will define wealth management in Asia.- VISA (2022). Consumer Payment Attitudes Study 2022: Navigating a new era in payments.- SEA (2022). Thai Digital Generation Survey 2022: Financial access in the digital era.
JUZMATCH, a startup of Sansiri Group Aiming for 2,500 users in 2023, preparing to invest in real estate through blockchain|JUZMATCH shows unlocks residential ownership and helps property developers generate sales More than 700 homes and homes have been delivered, generating a value of 3,000 million baht within 2 years of opening, matching tenants and investors in 18 provinces nationwide, of which 75% are properties of companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Currently, there are more than 1,500 users, divided into 800 most property buyers, 300 real estate investors and 400 property sellers. Especially those who are self-employed. There were denials of more than 100 billion baht in customer mortgages each quarter. In 2023, there are signs of a recovery in the real estate market due to the domestic recovery and the return of foreigners, JUZMATCH aims to increase the number of platform users to 2,500 more diversified and deliver 600 more homes, a 66% growth worth more than 3,000 million baht. Founded under Siri Venture, Sansiri's Corporate Venture Capital and invested by ECG-Research in 2020, JUZMATCH provides a real estate leasing and investment platform with a business model that connects three groups of people. The first group is those who want to have a home but have restrictions on bank loans. The second group is those who are interested in investing in real estate but have no experience or fear of carrying risks, and the third group is property owners or real estate development companies who want to sell their homes with a hedging system from the structure of the business model that guarantees risks, together with a team of professionals who will provide advice and support throughout the contract period in 2021.
Thai gold prices surge in global markets There is a chance to reach 30,850.|Thai gold prices soar in the world gold price There is a chance of gold bullion reaching 30,500–30,850 baht per baht. After the baht depreciated, it was recommended to gradually make a profit on March 2, 2023. Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG) said that gold prices in the global market have been showing signs of decline due to investors' concerns about the Fed meeting in March 2022, which began to weigh on the Fed's decision to raise interest rates by 0.50% from the previous forecast of 0.25%. There is a chance that the policy rate may reach a peak of 6%, as concerns have pushed the US dollar back into strength and put pressure on gold prices to weaken for gold prices in the medium term. After a strong rally from the end of 2022 until March, it went into overbuying. When the direction is this, investors behave in a sell-off when approaching the resistance line. This makes it even harder for gold to break through key resistance levels until new support factors emerge. ENTEREDSPONSORED BY LOOKING AT THE FIRST RESISTANCE AT 1,847-1,852 USD PER TROY OUNCE. If this resistance is not passed, gold may have a signal to seep down. The support is looking at 1,800 USD per troy ounce, but if it passes 1,847-1,852 USD per troy ounce, there will be a further negative outlook, with the next resistance at 1,880-1,870 USD per troy ounce. Therefore, the moment of the baht's depreciation, the direction of gold in the country from the beginning of the year to the present day has remained stable above the level. THB 29,500 per Gold Baht It has not fallen, for example, the price of gold in the global market. There is also a chance of moving upwards, looking at the resistance of 30,500–30,850. Baht per Gold Baht Support 30,000-29,500 baht per gold baht We recommend taking profit when the domestic gold price rises because the price of foreign gold is still falling. If the baht strengthens, the domestic gold price will return to move in the same direction as the global gold price, so it is recommended to sell off the profit first. According to the United States geological survey (USGS), global gold mining production in 2022 is about 3,100 tons, up from 3,090 tons in 2021. The price remained stable because it was a product that was demanded both from the industrial sector. The financial and investment sectors, including wearing them for beauty.
Thai stocks today, March 2, 2023, ended the morning up 2.99 points, the index was at 1,622 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 2.99 points at 1,622.97 points with a turnover of 29,089.16 million baht. The index was at 1,622.97. The turnover was 29,089.16 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. PTT Public Company Limited 4. Company 5. CP ALL Public Company Limited.
13 brokers look to the future of ADVANC brightly, profit growth and cost control Low competition|Although the most talked about shares in information and communication technology (ICT) at the moment are "TRUEE", a company formed by the merger between True Corporation Plc. (TRUE) and Total Access PCL. Dtac started trading on March 3, 2023, however, there is another stock that has attracted the attention of investors. Analysts and securities companies are equally the shares of Advanced Plc. Info Service or ADVANC, a telecommunications service provider, including mobile phone service businesses. Currently, 13 securities companies have advised to "buy" ADVANC shares with a maximum target price of 257 baht per share and a low of 233.85 baht per share. From revenue, there is a recovery and better cost management, Mr. Supachai Wattanavitekul. Fundamentals investment analyst Yuanta Securities (Thailand) said that although the soft share price has recently fallen after speculation about the sale of assets into the fund due to the company's XD marking for dividend payments, the current share price has started to form a base and is at the buyable price level for medium- and long-term investors. Short-term investors' speculation may need to be monitored by bond yields to consider buying: "Tomorrow True will return to trading for the first day, which will be traded as TRUEE, a combined company between True and Dtac. Mr. Supachai said sponsored for the next 3 years, ADVANC wants to adapt to Cognitive Tech- Co, which means providing digital services only where ADVANC has expertise and potential to outperform its competitors through the development of networks and IT systems to be smarter, the adoption of AI to better meet customer needs, and the creation of a market that builds on 5G services, especially in the enterprise customer market. The company aims to increase its 5G customer base from 6.8 million at the end of 2022 to 12 million at the end of 2023, maintaining a "buy" recommendation of 235 baht per share and seeing ADVANC as a laggard stock with a short-term dividend of 4.24 baht per share, representing a yield of 2.0% based on a price of 210.00 baht per share on Bualuang Asset Management. ADVANC remains the most favored stock in the ICT segment due to the recovery in service revenue in 2023 and a good dividend yield of 4%, with ADVANC's net profit forecast revised by 5% to 264 billion baht to reflect the increase in core service revenue. ADVANC's 2023 earnings target is that core service revenue (excluding 3BB) will grow at 3-5%, which will be supported by the recovery of the Thai economy. EBITDA growth of 4-6% reflects improved cost management from "Cognitive Tech-Co", which will drive lower operating costs through the use of smart networks and improved processes and IT systems. The company also plans to increase the efficiency of its investment in the broadband home business. It is expected that the revenue of the home broadband business will grow at the double-digit level for 2023 and the target number of broadband home users at the end of 2023 is 2.5 million. ADVANC aims to maintain its 5G leadership position, covering 85% of the population, and leveraging its strong telecommunications and partner networks to increase non-mobile enterprise revenue, with a target of 8.5% annual growth over the next few years. KTB specializes in sponsored banking, while ADVANC will present customer behavior data such as bill payments, working hours and internet use. ADVANC believes that such cooperation will lead to sufficient data to differentiate the lending process and the relatively low cost of acquiring clients. TISCO Asset Management (TISCO) Target Price 235 Baht2. Maybank Securities (Thailand) (MST) Target Price 240 Baht3. Yuanta Asset Management (Thailand) (YUANTA) Target Price 235 Baht4. Nomura Pattanasin Asset Management (CNS) Target Price 252 Baht5. Innocence X (INVX) Target Price 225 Baht6. Asia Plus Asset Management (ASPS) Target Price 243 Baht7. DAOLSEC Target Price 230 Baht8. Bualuang Asset Management (BLS) Target Price 257 Baht9. Kasikorn Bank (KS) Target Price 233.85 Baht10. Pie Asset Management (PI) Target Price 236 Baht11. Finansia Cyrus Asset Management (FSSIA) Target Price 240 Baht12. Land and House Asset Management (LHS) Target Price 235 Baht13. UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) (UOBKHST) 244 Baht
Land & House Financial Group ready to expand its higher yield loan portfolio|Land & House Financial Group launches 2023 strategy to expand its lending portfolio to higher yields and retail customer base to grow through digital platform On March 2, 2023, Mr. Qi Ching Fu, Managing Director of LH Financial Group Public Company Limited (LHFG), said that the overall outlook for the Thai economy in 2023 is expected to continue expanding by 3.7%, driven by improved tourism, employment and private investment. Tightening monetary policy of major trading partners, particularly the U.S. and the European Union, as well as geopolitical risks from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, are for the Financial Group's strategy this year. Land & House Financial Group has developed new lending products and loans for potential customers but do not have access to sponsored financing for the 2022 operating results, with a net profit of 1,579 million baht or 14.1% growth compared to 2021, mainly due to an increase in interest income, a 23% growth in loan growth, which grew in all segments, especially retail customers, with a growth rate of 47%, SME customers growing by 35%, Taiwanese customers growing by 95%, and NPL levels at a low level of 2.09%, down from 2.44% last year. As a result, NPL coverage stood at 221%LH Bank and expanded its higher yield loan portfolio. The Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Land and House Bank Public Company Limited (LH Bank) said that the Bank's strategy for 2023 is to grow its high-yield portfolio with appropriate risk management, cross-selling of the Bank's products and increase fee revenue, as well as digital transformation that focuses on efficient and fast workflow adjustment and data analytics, along with upgrading the digital platform to meet the needs of financial and investment transactions. Sustainable Banking operates with a sense of responsibility to the environment. This includes supporting ESGLH Fund loans, expanding the portfolio of private funds, institutional clients, and Ultra High Net Worth. Padungsit Managing Director Land & House Asset Management Co., Ltd., or LH Fund, said that its 2023 strategy focuses on expanding its private fund customer base, both institutional and Ultra High Net Worth clients. It's not. The Company continues to develop digital services through online platforms to facilitate investment for its clients. This is a 13% decrease from 2021 for private funds with a fund size of 14,223 million baht. The provident fund or PVD has a fund size of 6,046 million baht. 4%LH Securities prepares to accommodate new customers Mr. Kan Attathamsunthorn Managing Director Land & House Securities Public Company Limited (LH Securities) said in its 2023 strategic plan that we are ready to provide investment services to new customers through the use of data analytics along with product development. In addition, the company also expanded its retail customer base for the 2022 operating results, with total commission revenue of 186.1 million baht. In 2021, due to the sluggish trading volume of the stock market compared to the high base in 2021, the Company earned interest income and dividends totaling 414.6 million baht. This resulted in a net profit of 134.6 million baht.
DELTA shares are broken!! Do All Time High during the day Closed plus 1.42%, not afraid of overvalued trade.|It's broken!! Delta Electronics (Thailand) Plc (DELTA) recently reached a record high of 1,016 baht on the afternoon of March 2, 2023, before falling at the close of the day at 1,000 baht, up 14 baht (+1.42%) from yesterday. He said in the analysis that there was an increase in positive outlooks after the analyst meeting because of the growing confidence in the growth of EV Car and Hi-end Data Center. In line with the trend of EV Car industry that continues to grow for several years, the company revised its 2019 and 2024 net profit forecast to 14% and 29%, respectively, with a 20% growth in 2019 to 18,469 baht, a 19% growth in 2017 to 21,944 million baht, and a revised target price of 650 baht to 820 baht, due to an increase in the target P/E to 55 times from 50 times. Meanwhile, the upside target price is roll over to the target price in 2017 at 970 baht and in 2018 at 1,150 baht.
True Corporation announces new vision After the merger is completed.|'True Corporation' New Company After True and dtac complete the merger. Moving forward to become Thailand's telecommunications and technology business The merger is the largest telecommunications merger in Southeast Asia. The market capitalization of the two companies is approximately $294 billion ($20.7 billion) (February 20). Before requesting the SET to temporarily ban the purchase or sale of securities in order to prepare the allocation of new ordinary shares to existing shareholders of both companies and other actions, Mr. Manass Manavutvej Chief Executive Officer, True Corporation Public Company Limited "We will be good partners, supporting each other on the basis of equality, this combination is called True because True is a brand with digital characteristics and innovation and has a portfolio that covers the mobile business. Users will benefit from the combination immediately and today." Mr. Manass said after the merger, True Corporation will serve customers with 33.8 million TrueMove H numbers and dtac 21.2 million numbers. 3.2 million TrueVisions television usersSPONSORED The new company will join forces with partners to raise $200 million or about 7.3 billion baht. Venture Capital Fund (VC) was established, as well as an innovation center that supports digital entrepreneurs to lay the foundation for the future of Thai startups at the unicorn level, equipped with advanced technology and expertise developed by Telenor and Charoen Pokphand Group, as well as international business networks. "We will accelerate the development of a strong technology ecosystem, support the next generation of digital talent, and plan to expand the 5G network to cover 98% of the population by 2026, and develop and expand the network nationwide. Dtac customers can use 5G on 2600 MHz and True customers can use 4G and 5G on 700 MHz, which will be expanded to all 77 provinces by mid-March.7 Key Strategies After the merger is completed1. A true leader in telecommunications networks and digital infrastructure Integrate the infrastructure potential of the new company, including the telecommunications network. High-speed internet and digital telecommunications infrastructure Empower to expand digital service innovations such as IoT, AI Analytic, Machine Learning, Cyber Security2. Continue to grow your business and meet the ever-present digital challenges. It will focus on developing digital innovations. Solutions including a comprehensive digital ecosystem3. Standardize new customer experiences in Thailand Bring digital technology to help with analytics. This includes offering products, services, special privileges, as well as access to O2O through a 24-hour synergy of both offline and online chains.4. Fulfilling smarter life for every Thai customer style Providing intelligent life experiences for Thai people, enhancing their lifestyle and lifestyle, both comfort and convenience. Healthcare, safety and energy efficiency5. Raising standards for corporate customers, accelerating the digital transformation of the business sector, including SMEs, enterprises and industry. Adopt digital technologies such as IoT, Robotics, AI Analytics and Blockchain and work with local and international business partners6. Create the best organization to work for, aiming to be a leading organization driven by the use of technology in the work process. Attracting talented people from around the world, it is an organization that supports a diverse group of people, aiming to become one of the best employer organizations in Southeast AsiaSPONSORED7. Sustainable business operations, adding value to drive the organization in the long run, becoming a carbon neutral organization by 2030 and net zero by 2050, as well as reducing the amount of landfill and e-waste by 2030. For the social aspect, it will reduce digital inequality. By moving forward with True Plant Panya Project, dtac Safe Internet, dtac net is aimed at building skills and digital connectivity for various populations, especially vulnerable populations, including children and youth. Women, people with disabilities, minorities, LGBTI and the elderly, and corporate governance will conduct business with transparency, zero tolerance, zero corruption, and human rights as the basis.
SC unveils 5-year roadmap with revenue target of 150 billion baht Preparing to enter the luxury single-family home market starting at 100 million baht|SC Company Asset Corporation Public Company Limited or SC, a leader in being a high-quality Living Solutions Provider. Chief Executive Officer Launched business and corporate development vision for 2023-2027, aiming for 5-year revenue of 150,000 Million Baht On the SC Thriving Beyond strategy, in 2022, the company has experienced significant growth in its operating results. The total revenue was 21,583 million baht. Growth of 12% year on year with profit of 2,556 million baht This was an increase of 24% from last year and closed with advance home and condo sales of 24,468 million baht. With a total investment of 24,600 million baht this year, there are plans to launch 25 new projects worth 40,000, divided into 22 high-rise single-family homes and 3 high-rise projects to enter the luxury single-family home market with the launch of the new home brand "95E1" (Nine-Ty-Five-East-One) starting from 100-150 million baht. It is considered the highest starting price since the sale was limited to 10 units with a project value of 970 million baht, since the ultimate luxury single-family home market is not very large, with not a lot of supply, but has strong purchasing power. In addition to the performance of the 10-50 million baht house market that has been doing well over the past 3 years, SC's brand has strengthened to be able to build confidence among customers in the upper market. This, coupled with e-commerce trends and China plus one policy, makes Thailand one of the targets of diversifying supply chain risks and increasing trade opportunities for Chinese investors. Supply of single-family homes, especially luxury homes, is expected to grow significantly. As a result of the reopening policy that encourages people to come out and shop and benefit from the tourism sector, which is expected to attract about 23 million tourists to Thailand, resulting in foreign purchasing power, as well as expectations for the upcoming elections for the target in 2023, SC expects to continue growing with sales of 30 billion baht, from 65% of low-rise projects and 35% of high-rise projects with a total revenue of 25 billion baht. From sales projects and businesses that generate recuring income to the goal of generating continuous revenue growth of 150 billion baht. Within 5 years.
True-dtac shows roaming waves all over Thailand|The reporter reported that on March 2, 2023 True Corporation Public Company Limited, which was formed by the merger between True Corporation and Total Access. Dtac Communications Public Company Limited (dtac) held a press conference on the direction of the new company and launched 13 management teams, with Mr. Manass Manavutvej as chief executive officer and Mr. Sharad Mehrotra as chief executive officer. He served as Executive Vice President. After the registration of the new company was completed on March 1, true shares resulting from the merger of the two companies will return to trading on the SET on March 3, 2023. The new company is defined as telecommunications-technology. Under the concept of "Better Together", with a combined customer base of 55 million numbers, it is the largest telecommunications merger in Southeast Asia based on the combined market value of the two companies. (Market capitalization) approximately 294,000 million baht Mr. Manass reiterated that the purpose of the merger is not to monopolize, but to create opportunities for both True and dtac to reach new potentials that will benefit Thais and Thais immediately. As a result, 55 million customers will receive better service immediately, with True customers using the service on the 700 MHz band that dtac has invested in. Dtac customers are also using True's 90 MHz 2600 MHz service and aim to expand 5G coverage by 98% by 2026.
"Bangkok Motor Show" is ready.|Mr. Prachin Iamlumnau The Chief Executive Officer of Grand Prix International Public Company Limited, one of the leading automotive media and organizers of the Bangkok International Motor Show or "Bangkok Motor Show", announced that this year's Bangkok Motor Show, which is the 44th edition, is scheduled to be held from March 22 to April 2, 2023 at Challenger Hall 1-3 IMPACT. This year's event More than 40 leading auto-motorcycle brands participated in the event. Over 170,960 sq.m. The direction of Thailand's automotive industry in 2023 is starting to return to normal. The shortage situation in production has steadily improved. Grand Prix International's Chief Marketing and Sales Officer said that the event is expected to grow by 15-20 percent this year in terms of both the number of visitors and the number of car and motorcycle bookings at the event. The Motor Show will expand the potential of the event to promote the economy and develop Thailand's automotive business to be great again. It is expected to generate money. BOOST INCOME AND STIMULATE THE DOMESTIC ECONOMY TO GROW AT LEAST 50,000 MILLION BAHT.
Taxation on shares is nearing the election, dreading the impact on investors' voting base.|Brake pedal!! Indefinite postponement of stock sales tax, the Secretary of State rushed to return the treasury. The Capital Market Business Council sent a letter of opposition to the continuation. Insiders point to the dissolution of the newly elected parliament, which affects investors' base. Reconsider the Capital Market Council's proposal! Pointing out that there are other ways to earn income from the capital market, Mr. Akom Fillpittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet Secretariat has returned the draft decree in accordance with the Revenue Code. On reducing specific business tax rates and defining businesses exempt from specific business taxes Or the imposition of a specific business tax on the sale of securities on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (sales tax) on the Stock Exchange of Thailand to the Ministry of Finance because the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses has sent a letter opposing the imposition of stock tax, which may cause the announcement of the enforcement of the stock sales tax. "Once the sales tax is returned to the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Finance will set up a team to analyze and reconsider the recommendations of the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses. Will it be announced by the middle of this year? It is currently not possible to provide an answer. "SPONSOREDTries report that the stock sales tax has already been approved by the Cabinet at the end of the month. In November 2022, at the rate of 0.11% of the value of the sale of shares, the collection will be divided into 2 periods. The tax bill will be collected at the rate of 0.055% and the next year at the rate of 0.11%. The Draft was reviewed and returned to the Secretariat. The Minister will present to the Prime Minister before promulgating the next law enforcement. While preparing for the introduction of the proposed bill, The Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses has sent a letter opposing the imposition of the share sales tax to the government. As a result, the government had to delay the presentation and sent the matter to the Ministry of Finance. At the end of the month The proposal of the Thai Capital Market Council was reconsidered. As a result, the plan to collect sales tax has to be postponed indefinitely. Originally expected to be enacted in November 2018. May 2023 In addition to the issue of making a letter of objection of the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses. There are also political issues involved because of the dissolution of the newly elected parliament. As a result, the government did not dare to collect the stock sales tax because it was worried that it would affect the investor base for the idea of collecting sales tax to reduce the inequality of taxation because it has exempted the sale tax for more than 30 years to support the growth of the Thai capital market. The total market capitalization has increased 22 times from 30 years ago, so it is no longer necessary to exempt from the sales tax, and the return of the sales tax will increase the state's annual income by 16,000-18,000 million baht. A tax deferral would be a good result. This will build confidence among all parties, especially during the volatile global and Thai stock markets caused by the tight economy, and should slow down the sell-off of foreign stocks. After this, we will work closely with the government. This can be done in many ways without the need to collect sales tax, for example, the government will increase tax revenue up to 3 times from companies listed on the stock market, etc.
Petrol price today, March 2, 2023, compared to the last 4 pumps, how many baht per liter?|"Today's Oil Price" 2 Mar 2023 Update on the price of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter on March 2, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.35 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.08 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.08 Baht/liter. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 44.84 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S B7 at 33.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.14 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Petrol at 44.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.35 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.08 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 34.49 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.34 baht/liter Shell Fusev Gasohol 91 at 36.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 44.94 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter 4.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is at 44.94 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 34.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 36.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 36.35 baht/liter Diesel B7 is at 33.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 44.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter.
Exports fell for the 4th consecutive month, the global economy slowed down inflation, hitting purchasing power.|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that in January 2023 Thailand's exports amounted to USD 20,249.5 million, down 4.5% month-on-month. Jan 2022 Baht 700,127 million Imports were $24,899.1 million, down 0.9%. 5.5% increase in Baht 871,430 million Trade deficit of $4,649.6 million or deficit of 171,303.3 million baht increased by 9.4%. The decline in exports was driven by a decline in agricultural products by 2.2%, agricultural products by 3.3% and industrial goods by 5.7%. Traction, purchasing power, and world production contracted. However, despite the decline in exports, many important commodities continued to export more, such as rice, which increased by 72.3%, vegetable fats and vegetable and animal oils. Add 124% fresh, chilled, frozen chicken Added 50%, fresh fruit added 2.5%, automobiles, equipment and components added 9.2%, semiconductors, transistors and diodes. Transformers and components added 72.3%, travel appliances added 44.9%. 47.1% increase in Mr. Phusit Rattanakul Serirengrit The Director-General of the Department of International Trade Promotion said that the department has consulted with several private sectors to assess that exports in the first half of 2023 will slow down and decrease, but that the second half will expand better, and that the target of 1-2% will still be used as a working target to achieve results. It will increase its penetration activities to more potential markets such as the Middle East. SOUTH ASIA CLMV CHINA SPONSORED. Nainapakorn The director of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy said that exports in 2023 will grow by 1-2% in line with the target. In the remaining 11 months of this year, exports will average $24,517-24,778 million, but exports will be maintained at $287,068 million in 2022. It must be exported at an average of $24,256 million per month.
Digital ticket sets are not included. Everyone has multiple right cards.|Lieutenant Colonel Director of the Government Lottery Office Disclosure of the 1st prize winner on March 1, 2023 Of the 17 digital tickets purchased, the Lottery Office confirmed. There is no policy to include digital lottery tickets sold through the Pao Tang application. The buyer chooses every card and enters the number in the system to find out at that moment. What ticket numbers are available for sale and confirm that it is purchased from a digital lottery dealer who consigns tickets directly through the Pao Tang application? In the latest case, the lucky winners of 1 to 17 tickets are likely to be able to win due to the digital lottery volume for the period of March 1, 2023. There are over 17 million cards in the system. In principle, for every 1 million tickets, there is one 1st prize. In the past, there were up to 17 tickets with the same number, which all buyers could buy all numbers and purchase any number of the same number. If the system is still available According to the statistics of digital ticket sales through the Pao Tang application, from June 16, 2022 to now, a total of 18 installments in each period have different numbers of 1st prize winners, such as the period on December 16, 2022. There are 16 tickets for the 1st prize, with 13 winners spread out, reflecting which lottery numbers are popular. There are a lot of people who want to buy, there is an opportunity to buy a lot of the same number. If you buy it quickly and in the system, there are still tickets left. "The office does not include sales kits, all buyer numbers can be searched through the Pao Tang app. Free to buy".
Big S.A. Commercial Opposition Cancels AD Steel|Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) It disclosed that it disagreed with the draft results of the committee's deliberations. AD ended the renewal of anti-dumping measures on steel products from many countries, especially those that are the world's largest dumping sites. This is in addition to the issues considered by the Committee not considered under Section 57 of the Anti-Dumping and Subsidy Act on foreign goods. The guidelines have not yet been adhered to. The inquiry, as in the past, with the President. Brazil's anti-dumping rate, he said. Iran and Turkey, which remain at a high level, at 34.62 percent, 23.47 percent and 22.85 percent, must definitely have an impact if no further measures are taken, especially in Brazil and Turkey, which have targeted steel exports. If dumped, it will affect the country's overall development and economy as well, as hot-rolled steel products are raw materials used in continuous production to link to other important industries as well. If domestic hot-rolled steel producers are so badly damaged that they have to shut down, the stability of the domestic supply chain will be destroyed, and the domestic contiguous industry will have no bargaining power with foreign steel-producing countries at all. In addition, the latest WTO figures for 2023 showed that a large number of steel products AD measures were still in place, with the United States and the European Union, which are countries that support free trade, implementing 188 and 41 AD measures, respectively, and even China, which is the target of implementing AD measures, has implemented 11 AD measures to protect the domestic steel industry. The president of the Thai Cold-Rolled Steel Association, an association of cold-rolled steel producers who use hot-rolled steel products as raw materials, said he disagreed with the draft results of the hearing on the renewal of the AD measures in Brazil, Iran and Turkey because it was inconsistent with the principles publicly clarified by the Department of Foreign Trade in 2017. The Anti-Dumping Act No. 2, the Department of Foreign Trade, stated that the consideration of renewal of AD measures is based on principles. If the measures are not renewed, damage and dumping will be recovered. There is no need to find dumping and damage, which is an international practice used by WTO member states to review.
NESDB pushes election campaign policy, points to household debt problem as a trap for Thai economy|The SECRETARY warned political parties to campaign to see if they can do it. Raising the minimum wage will have a greater benefit to foreigners than raising the bachelor's wage, causing government budgets to bulge in increasing welfare card funds. Treasury restructuring tax collection before too late, revealing the latest household debt of 14.9 trillion baht, which is bad debt of 1 trillion baht. Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB) The Thai Social Situation Report for the fourth quarter of 2022 revealed that household debt in the third quarter of 2022 amounted to 14.90 trillion baht. It grew by 3.9%, accounting for 86.8% of gross domestic product (GDP) and non-performing debt (NPL) worth 1.09 trillion baht. The company is undergoing restructuring of 780,000 million baht. The rest have to go and see why they're gone, and there are probably people who have escaped debt. One moment. Automotive loans accounted for 13.7% of total loans, rising for the fifth consecutive quarter. Credit bureau data reveals good debtors affected by COVID-19 Until it becomes bad debt, there is still a large amount. Although the pandemic has eased, the value of bad debt has reached 400 billion baht. The number of accounts with bad debt increased to 4.7 million accounts from 4.3 million in the previous quarter, of which nearly 60% were personal loans. 4/2022 Trend is improving. There are 39.2 million employed people. Hours improved by 1% over the past year. Wages increased for 5 consecutive quarters, with the average wage in 4Q22 at 13,964 baht per person per month. The unemployment rate was similar to pre-COVID-19 levels, with 4Q22 at 1.15%, representing 460,000 people and 110,000 long-term unemployed. The employment rate in 2022 has risen to pre-COVID levels of 98.3%. The NESDB also presented a proposal to the Ministry of Finance that it was time to accelerate the country's tax restructuring. If left unchecked, it will cause increased fiscal pressure and will not be able to act in time. By adjusting both earning money and spending to be effective, the election campaigns of various political parties that require money when the time comes, must consider whether it can be done or not. To increase the state welfare card to 700-1,000 baht per month, it is necessary to see how the money will be spent on the project. As for raising the minimum wage. Currently, there are only 2 million workers in Thailand, and more than 1 million are migrant workers. It means skilled workers in Thailand. There is already a wage higher than the minimum wage. The right approach is to promote skill-based wages that employers are willing to pay. Things to look out for Foreign investors will remember that Thailand is going to increase wages system-wide. This delays investment. As for the minimum salary adjustment at the undergraduate level. Ms. Worawan Plikamin, Deputy Secretary-General of the NESDB, revealed that the overall public expenditure in 2042 will increase from 3 trillion baht in 2023 to 6.5 trillion baht. Therefore, the government has to improve the tax structure and improve the collection of tax revenues because it is the main income of the public sector that accounts for 88.5% of the total revenue, but the ratio of tax revenue to gross domestic product (GDP) of Thailand has been low for the past 20 years. This is an increase from 2003 when there was a budget deficit of 41 billion baht, so to solve this problem, measures must be taken to bring all groups of people into the tax system. Tax exemptions must be reviewed for certain types of income and reviewed deduction benefits and deductions that may be too conducive to high income earners and communicated to the public the importance of paying taxes.
"Poor Man's Card" Verify your identity Solve distracted data|Reporters reported that the atmosphere of travel to verify the identity of those who qualified for state welfare rights or poor cards on March 2, 2023. This is the 2nd day of identity verification, as 14.59 million qualified people are gradually coming to verify their identity in order to receive the state welfare rights from April 1, 2023 onwards. There were 900,000 non-qualified applicants and 350,000 non-qualified applicants, with the majority finding that the information was not up-to-date. For example, having a household income exceeding 100,000 baht per year, having divorced status, no longer having a credit card, but the information still indicates that there is another credit card, including in case the deposit account is not his own, etc. The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) manager said the bank has opened 1,260 identity verification registration points for those who qualify for the State Welfare Registration Program in 2022. Verify your identity via EDC at any BANK branch nationwide for 180 days between March 1 and August 27, 2023 and link your PromptPay account with your ID card number to receive benefits. State Welfare Card https:// mof.go.th https://welfare.mof.go.th for speed of service Those who do not meet the criteria can apply for an appeal from March 1 to May 1, 2023. From March 1, 2023 onwards, you will be required to bring a multi-purpose ID card or smart card to verify your identity.
Gold price today last 3 Mar 23 opened on Friday morning, jewelry sold out 30,750 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Friday Morning Market 3rd In March, the price increased by 50 baht for "gold bullion", selling out 30,250 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,750 baht per baht. On March 3, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.27 a.m. rose by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" being purchased at 30,150 baht per baht. Sell out thb 30,250 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,607.48 baht per baht. Sell out thb 30,750 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,075 baht Sell out 15,125 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,803.74 baht Sell out 15,375 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,537.5 baht Sell out 7,562.5 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,401.87 baht Sell out 7,687.5 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,768.75 Baht Sell Out 3,781.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,700.935 Baht Sell Out 3,843.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Bitcoin price falls amid uncertainty over Silvergate bank|Bitcoin Price Movement This Morning (March 3) Analysts believe the fall in Bitcoin and other crypto coins is linked to the case of Silvergate, a crypto-friendly bank in the U.S. under Silvergate Capital Corp, unable to file its annual or 10-K report in time. After a client sent a letter to an auditor and U.S. regulator accusing him of money laundering and misconduct in managing his client's money, including earlier in Q4/2022, Silvergate suffered a loss of more than $1 billion as a result of accelerating the sale of securities to recover cash flow after the client withdrew funds at the time, which resulted in a domino event from FTX's bankruptcy.
"TRUE" returns to trading on the first day. The broker pointed to a new look stock with long-term growth.|It is the watchful eye of investors today for True Corporation Pcl. or TRUE after returning to trading on the Stock Exchange of Thailand for the first day (March 3, 2023). After the merger with Total Access Plc. Communication (DTAC) completed. Today, #ThairathMoney will take you to the future of the new stock. Krungsri Securities analysts said true's new look looks better and recommends "buy" with a target price of 10 baht, up from 8.40 baht, due to higher profit estimates from ARPU assumptions. There is a positive outlook for the group because it is expected that competition will decrease from this year onwards, and TRUE as a new company will be profitable from the beginning, and the profit will be significantly greater than the two old companies combined. EV/EBITDA of 8.7x in 2023 will be further reduced by cost-saving strategies from the merger plan. True's core business profit is expected to be 6.7 billion baht in 2023 (+347% yoy) and will be 7.1 billion baht in 2024 (+6.5% yoy). THEREFORE, THE COMPANY DOES NOT NEED TO USE A PRICE STRATEGY TO COMPETE, WHICH MEANS THAT ARPU WILL IMPROVE IN THE LONG RUN.
GULF invests 3.7 billion baht into 1.5 billion MW of british wind power plant, expected to realize revenue in 2019|GULF informs SET of investment in the development of an early-stage offshore wind power plant project With a capacity of 1,500 megawatts through GIH, 24.99% has invested approximately GBP 90.7 million or 3.7 billion baht. Expected to commence commercial operation in late 2029, Gulf Energy Development (GULF) Plc. has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand of its investment in the development of an early-stage offshore wind power plant project. Capacity 1,500 MW Through its subsidiary Gulf International Holding (GEH), it acquired an indirect stake in the offshore wind farm project for 24.99%, has invested approximately GBP 90.7 million (3.7 billion baht) in the project, has a 25.01% joint venture with Green Investment Group (GIG), a fund specializing in investment in clean energy projects managed by Macquarie Asset Management, and the remaining 50% is owned by TotalEnergies, a global energy company headquartered in France. The project is an offshore wind farm under development in the early stages with a capacity of 1,500 MW. It is located off the coast of Lincolnshire in the eastern part of the United Kingdom. The project is a joint development between TotalEnergies and Corio Generation, which is an expert in the offshore wind power business under GIGSPONSORED, and the Seabed Rights Project has been selected for the fourth round of sea land leases in early 2021 and has signed a lease agreement with The Crown Estate in January 2023. Once completed, it will be one of the largest offshore wind projects in the UK and will play an important role in the UK Government's commitment to capacity from offshore wind projects. 50,000 MW To achieve net-zero emissions by 2050, this investment marks the beginning of the company's entry into the UK's offshore wind market and is in line with the company's strategy to expand its renewable energy business. It also enables the company to join strong synergies with experienced global energy companies. THJ20/2008 Regarding the criteria for making significant transactions that are considered as acquisition or disposition of assets of listed companies and are not related transactions, but the Company has a duty to report information to the Stock Exchange of Thailand. In accordance with the regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand on the rules, conditions and procedures relating to the disclosure of information and any operations of listed companies.
How much profit is the government lottery office budget for 2022? How much is online lottery growing? |The 1st and 16th of every month are days of hope for the whole nation. For the issuance of government lottery prizes, also known as government lottery, that is the hope of gamblers. Whether it is the last 2 numbers, the last 3 numbers, or the 1st prize, the biggest fortune, the popularity of lottery purchases of gamblers is constantly high. At the same time, last year, the arrival of the digital age. This makes the lottery expansion channel more diverse. Therefore, it is interesting that the Government Lottery Office What is the revenue, profit, and service approach of the Lottery Division in the next phase? Revealed that the performance in 2022, the Government Lottery Office The total revenue was 168,759.37 million baht. consist Revenue from the sale of government lottery tickets Baht 168,537.64 million Printing revenue of 5.95 million baht and other income of 215.78 million baht. In 2022, total revenue increased from 2021, with an increase of 0.35% as a result of 9 million tickets sold in 2022 and net profit (total comprehensive profit) of 6,653.07 million baht. Consisting of operating profit of 6,481.31 million baht Other income of 215.78 million baht, such as interest income on bank deposits of 186.94 million baht and loss from mathematical estimates (employee benefits) of 44.02 million baht. Compared to 2021, net profit increased by 6.84%. This is due to lower operating expenses. 515.90 Million Baht Revenue from sales and services increased by 633.23 million baht. 0.3%. The performance of the Lottery Division in 2022 is outstanding in 3 main areas, including the expansion of the 80 baht lottery distribution area nationwide and the opening of electronic channels2. Buyer Recruitment - Government Lottery Pre-Booking The Government Lottery Office has cooperated with government agencies, including the Department of Government. The Comptroller General's Department, the Social Security Office, the National Savings Fund, and the Office of Fiscal Economy conducted the data verification and selection by using the information to screen applicants as the result of registering buyers in advance for 2022. To get a professional government lottery ticket seller who is currently selling tickets and is a seller directly to consumers, not wholesale or middleman characteristics. In 2015, 114,190 people were screened and 69,791 new lottery pre-booked buyers were screened. 183,981 new cases in 2015 and 183,981 new cases in 20223. Distribution of government lottery tickets through electronic channels of the Government Lottery Office We have developed a channel with Krungthai Bank through The "Pao Tang" application, currently used by more than 40 million people nationwide, is a standardized system. The dealers who bring the tickets to consign are free of charge by starting to sell the first installment of digital tickets. For the period from June 16, 2022 to September 16, 2022, a total of 7 periods, there were 8,838,829 people who purchased single-ticket and bundled tickets at a price of 80 baht through the platform nationwide. 100 percent
5G value in the eyes of outsiders|"Telecom operators are extremely excited about the future that fifth-generation mobile communication networks (5G) create," was the opening sentence in an article McKinsey published at the end of the month. He explained that 5G technology creates added value in the form of money for the telecommunications business. If we can transition from providing network services to delivering results that meet the needs of customers. First of all, let's take a look at the figures from the article that the global telecommunications business plans to invest $650 billion in 5G networks between 2022 and 2025, with North American operators investing an additional $200 billion, double the amount spent on spectrum auctions to support 5G in 2021. There are 19 providers that provide premium link networks and 32 that only provide primary link networks. While the remaining 42 companies have not yet generated commercial value from 5G from the world's top 100 telecom operators, the top 7 factors of success for entrepreneurs that meet the needs of customers are the creation of vertical coalitions by choosing to work with industries that, when receiving integrated services vertically, will have the highest value, such as together with the manufacturing sector to create smart factory systems that are part of a network that seamlessly connects work with other production processes. In a similar format to the app store that we use on mobile phones, choose from each situation, such as intelligent warehouse management systems, virtual reality and augmented reality training, device diagnostics, and the sale of interconnected services such as API (Application Programming Interface). This is a by-product of acknowledging customer behavior through the use of telecommunications network services. Once they understand their customers, they reach out to business customers who can make money and consumers who have the purchasing power to use marginal services, resulting in the highest returns in the eyes of people outside the telecommunications industry. The value of 5G stems from a reverse view that if there is a tool that transmits data faster. The stronger, more accurate the signal, how much better it will be for yourself. This may cause the overall value added of telecommunication networks in the world in recent times to tech companies from expanding their business and reaching a wide range of customers. For us Thais who have the highest proportion of digital finance applications in ASEAN. It reflects the accessibility and readiness to respond to technology very well, helping us understand its true potential to use revenue-generating technologies is a fully integrated ecosystem that supports Thai people to take full advantage of 5G through the support of government, academia, business, and the financial sector.
PTG prepares to push "Thai coffee" into the stock market in 2025, laying roadmap to push all businesses to grow|PTG Energy prepares to push "Thai coffee" into the stock market in 2025, laying a 5-year roadmap to push all businesses to grow, revealing that in 2022, oil sales reached a record high of more than 5,316 million liters on March 3, 2023. Chief Executive Officer and President, PTG Energy Public Company Limited (PTG) said that in the past 65 years, the company's oil business had a record volume of 5,316 million liters of oil sold through all channels. In the non-oil business, we have partnered with the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) to install EV charging stations at PT gas stations under the name Elex by EGAT Max. Expand coffee shops through franchise models both inside and outside gas stations, and launch new beverages using flavorful and rare ingredients from all over Thailand. Focus on delivery sales channels, including linking PT Max Card and PT Max Card Plus as a tool to analyze customer behavior to increase sales and frequency of visits to Thai coffee shops. In 2025, we will push Thai coffee shops into the stock market," Mr. Pitak said, adding that within the next 5 years, the company aims to have more than 25% Retail Oil Market Share, more than 30 million Max Card members, which will cover Thai people nationwide, and more than 5,000 branches of Thai coffee varieties ready to develop and seek new businesses to utilize the PTG ecosystem to create a seamless O2O experience, including the use of data to create end-to-end personalization that meets the needs of consumers. We are also ready to upgrade PT gas stations in 3 dimensions, namely: 1. Expansion and Renovation, expanding the total number of branches this year to 2,206 branches2. Service Innovation Data Optimization by gathering the needs of various customer groups"We will upgrade the service inside PT gas stations by providing a new service PT Service Master that is ready to take care of and impress customers to get the most benefits to meet the needs of growing customers and can take care of customers nationwide, which today has more than 200 people and will increase to 2,500 people within the next 5 years"For PT Max Camp, we have a full range of facilities such as showers, beds, TVs, washing machines, which can be used by customers who are members for free, which will be available 24 hours a day and equipped with CCTV for safety, which is currently located in 64 stations and will expand to 141 stations by 2027. We will expand our membership base to 30 million subscribers in the next 5 years, and the importance of Max Card and Max Card Plus is that it is a tool to analyze customer behavior, increase sales, and increase the frequency of visits to affiliated businesses. Within this year, it is expected that customers will be able to pay through Max Me with over 1 million partners. Mr. Rangsan Puangprang Executive Vice President, PTG Energy Public Company Limited said that the number of PT gas stations at the end of 2022 was 2,149, divided into 1,809 service stations owned by the Company or COCO and 340 service stations owned by operators of DODO. Thai coffee shop In the past 5 years (2017-2022), the cumulative five-year CAGR sales averaged 34%. The LPG business is divided into 231 Auto LPG service stations and 253 gas stores3. 309 Max Mart convenience storesSPONSORED4. Coffee World 26 branches5.Autobacs Autobacs repair and maintenance center 45 branches6. However, PTG's non-oil business has grown in all dimensions, including touchpoint growth of 36% YoY and cumulative 5-year CAGR of 34%, revenue growth of 68% YoY and 5-year CAGR of 37%, gross profit growth of 50% YoY and 5-year CAGR of 36%, and gross margin growth of 5 years at 36%, and gross margin growth of 52%. The company has a gross profit margin in the non-oil business of 18.5%, which is in line with our expectation of 15-20%. Green Room PTGGE Energy Co., Ltd. (PTGGE) is currently in the process of investing and trading electricity in the form of a private PPA with the Company and will continue to expand domestic and foreign investment in the future. At present, the project has an investment value of 300 million baht and has a total power capacity of 8.171 MW in both phases 1-4, with phases 1 and 2 currently being completed. As well as reducing CO2 emissions by 4.237 million tons per year (EPPO ref: carbon dioxide emissions per unit of electricity consumption (kWh) :0.446), the municipal waste power plant at Ban Phru municipality has a size of 4.5 MW. Construction is expected to commence in 3Q23 and COD will be opened in 2025, with the company's expected benefits being able to reduce the amount of accumulated waste by 2-3 million tons. It is estimated that it can reduce accumulated carbon dioxide emissions by 4-5 million tons and create jobs and create opportunities for 100 people. Be happy in all aspects of life.
Analysts hope the abolition of the stock sales tax will help create a buzz to attract foreigners to buy Thai stocks again. |It is a news trend that has created a buzz in the Thai stock market again. When the government reviewed key legislation such as a 0.10% sales tax and a 0.055% tax in the first year, many parties were concerned that it would affect the turnover in the stock market to decrease. Asia Plus Securities assesses that the big picture of the Thai stock market It became clear, especially the issue of taxation of specific businesses from the sale of shares. Recently, the government has submitted a draft. This is good for the overall stock market in the long run, the pressure from various factors is likely to cause the downside of the stock market index to move limitedly and there is a chance of a rebound. The issue to be monitored remains the international trade situation, where the figures show a high trade deficit. The average daily turnover of the SET index in the first 2 months of 2023 (Jan-Feb) was only 65 billion baht/day, and a sharp decrease of -27% compared to the average daily turnover of the SET index in the same period of 2022, which was 89 billion baht. Foreign capital outflows from the Thai stock market exceeded 28 billion baht. Especially near the date of taxation on stocks, such as February 2023, foreigners sold 43 billion baht of Thai shares. As a result, the baht depreciated more than 6% in the past month to 34.50-35.00 baht per dollar, and compared with the average daily turnover this year and last year, each investor found that foreigners were the investors with the highest daily turnover (almost 50%), which decreased from 359 billion baht/day in 2023 to 326 billion baht/day (down 9.4% or 3.39 billion baht/day). If the stock tax is postponed according to the news, it will help to support the liquidity of the market to be more active, including foreign capital, the no. 1 trader, returning to buy more Thai stocks as well. February net sales of over 43 billion baht In addition, the SET index in the vicinity of 1,610 points is also a cumulative zone. RECOMMENDED THAT OUTSTANDING STOCKS RECEIVE TAX DEFERRAL FOR BOTH SETS OF SHARES, EXPECTING THE THAI STOCK MARKET TO RISE.
 Let's not rely on China! Relocation of production base, investment of 245 billion baht Build a new iPhone assembly plant|Foxconn Technology, Apple's supplier and major partner, is set to invest $700 million. To build a new iPhone manufacturing and assembly plant in India. Following the announcement of a strategic plan in 2022 that seeks to move iPhone and iPad production from China to India with a target of 25% iPhone production in India by 2025, the new plant in India will be located on 300 acres near the airport in Bengaluru. The capital of the southern Indian state of Karnataka. Foxconn is expected to improve component supply and increase iPhone assembly share in India by 10-15% from below the current 5%. Apple has been building its manufacturing base in India since 2017 in the iPhone SE model, followed by assembling iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 parts. To diversify production out of China that has been dependent for decades due to macroeconomic uncertainty and ongoing problems within China, such as rising labor costs and the announcement of a Zero Covid policy that has disrupted the manufacturing sector, especially during the third wave of the pandemic in Zhengzhou. As a result, Foxconn's manufacturing facilities face production disruptions that lead to delayed product deliveries. It also sparked thousands of employees to protest against the investment in the new plant, pushing India to become a major manufacturing hub for iPhones and other Apple products in the future. China's loss of Foxconn, along with its status as the world's largest electronics manufacturer, reinforces Bloomberg. 
"SENA" unveils 66-year plan for nearly 10 billion baht 10 new businesses ready to push The stock market|SENA unveils 2023 plan to expand 10 new businesses Expand existing core business and embrace the changing world according to megatrends. The investment budget for this year is 9,084 million baht. With the goal of opening 26 new projects to 18 billion baht in sales, Asst. Prof. Dr. Kessara Thanyalakpak Managing Director of SENA Development Plc. (SENA) said that the business overview and what people around the world are facing are both recession. Caused by many factors, such as inflation, high prices of goods but the same income, and rising interest rates, it is something that everyone has to face no differently from the previous year. Environmental and residential management, public health, and social inequality have made every business sector prioritize and drive as a key strategy to drive business on the concept of sustainability for society. SENA's Core Business develops residential properties for sale, including detached houses, townhouses, commercial buildings, townhomes and condominiums. Rental business includes apartments for rent. Office Building Business Golf Course Business Solar Power Business Corporate Management Business Today, SENA has upgraded the development of solar homes to zero energy home development. Reduce energy consumption by at least 20% in single-family homes and condominiums and expand new businesses with a variety of new businesses and coverage according to mega trends and social challenges through the corporate vision axis that is more than property developer to "The Essential Lifelong Trusted Partner" to create a good quality of life on the "SENA Multiplied" SPONSORED axis. To further develop real estate to enhance the quality of life of residents to be better than before, and to expand new businesses, enhance the quality of life to be comfortable, and focus on businesses that have changed their lifestyle to help reduce carbon emissions. Targeting megatrends It consists of 2 main groups of 10 sub-businesses, namely: 1. New Business to Strengthen Core Business. Financial Services Business "Cash Jaidee", Real Estate Brokerage Business and Second Hand Home Business "SENA SURE"2.New Business New Foundation consists of: New Real Estate Premium Segment, Full Hospitality Management Business "Hotel & Service Apartment Management", WAREHOUSE Business "METROBOX", renewable energy business, electric vehicle charging service business and SENA REFORESTATION company to plant forests to save the world according to the target of 100,000 rai, of which 10 sub-businesses will be operated under 3 holding companies: 1.SENA Development (SENA) Plc. 2.Sena Green Energy Co., Ltd. And 3.ZENX Property Pcl. (SENX), which changed its name from SENAJ, recently approved the company's name change and will seek approval at the shareholders' meeting on April 25, 2023. There are 9 low-rise projects of 7,471 million baht and 17 condominium projects of 16,553 million baht (of which 26 projects are joint ventures with Hankyu Hanshin Properties Corp., 22 projects of 21,210 million baht). The company has developed 45 projects worth 69,554 million baht with the goal of creating a new record of 18,242 million baht and a total transfer target of 16,539 million baht. The remaining products sold amounted to 22,294 million baht. To look forward to recognizing future revenues. The backlog is currently around 8,000 million baht. This will be gradually realized as revenue this year, however, SENA still sees the strength of its core business. The company plans to launch new projects this year and new businesses to support mega trends that are ready for sustainable growth by developing innovative products and services. Continue the organization's position that it is more than just a real estate developer by becoming "THE ESSENTIAL LIFELONG TRUSTED PARTNER" to create happiness and quality of life at all stages of life.
Shopee reveals that Thai shoppers love live streaming in the category of best-selling fashion products.|Shopee reveals that Thai shoppers love live streaming in the best-selling fashion category and help shoppers save more than 1 billion baht. Senior Marketing Manager Shopee "We have focused on creating real-time interactions between buyers and sellers closer together through the popular online marketing tool Shopee Live, which has become a space of happiness online and can connect buyers and sellers together through many special events. Shopee continues to create the best online shopping experience for Thai users through Shopee Live For the past 65 years, Shopee has seen interesting live streaming trends on Shopee Live, finding that in 2022, there are visitors interested and enjoying content in Shopee Live. Merchants and partner brands can help shoppers save around 1 billion baht in their pockets. The top 5 most popular local shops in Shopee Live are rice berries, traditional clothing, authentic boat noodles, cashews, and pork. Shopee Live continues to dominate the hearts of official brands on Shopee Mall, finding that in 1 stream of products and brands in the popular beauty category, brands can sell more than 100 items every 1 minute. In addition to being entertained by great content, you can also collect discount codes and store Shopee Coins. This year, shoppers will be able to enjoy nonstop from Monday to Sunday with a live streaming show that shoppers of each style should not miss.
Foreign crypto media see Cardano (ADA) as a long-term investment coin. Found someone holding more than 1 year, making a new high.|International crypto media reported that Cardano (ADA) is becoming a long-term investment coin. In addition, the fundamental factor is that the increase in long-term ADA holders is likely due to the continued development of the Cardano network, which has made great progress towards a decentralized Smart Contract platform that competes with Ethereum, however, the price of AD u.today 21 A coins previously rose to a peak of 107.59 on September 2, 2021.
Gold price today, last 4 Mar 23, open Saturday morning. Jewelry sold out 30,800 baht|"Today's Gold Price" Open on Saturday morning, March 4, 2023, fixed price for "gold bullion" selling out baht 30,300 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,800 baht per baht. On March 4, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.23 a.m. The price of gold remained stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,200 baht per baht. Sell out baht 30,300 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,652.96 baht per baht. Sold out baht 30,800 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,100 baht Sell out 15,150 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,826.48 baht Sell out 15,400 baht Gold price today 1 ounce gold bullion buy 7,550 baht Sell out 7,575 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,413.24 baht Sell out 7,700 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,775 Baht Sell Out 3,787.50 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,706.62 Baht Sell Out 3,850 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Thaicom launches 4 new satellites, boosting annual revenue growth by 10% to top ten in the world|Thaicom has queued up to launch at least 4 satellites within the next 3 years, according to license conditions. We believe that having new satellites gradually into orbit will increase revenue by 10% per year and become the world's top ten satellite service provider. Chief Executive Officer, Thaicom Public Company Limited Thaicom said that after Thaicom won the bid for access to satellite orbit organized by the Broadcasting Commission, the company was able to obtain access to satellites. National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) On behalf of Space Tech Innovation Co., Ltd. (STI), a subsidiary of Thaicom, it plans to launch at least 4 satellites over the next 3 years in order to meet the license conditions requiring satellite launches within 3 years. This will make Thaicom one of the top 10 satellite service providers in the world. We are left with only 2 satellites, Thaicom 7 and 8, while the concessions of Thaicom 4 and Thaicom 6 have expired since 2021 and recently bid for access to new orbits on January 15, 2023. Thaicom won the bid for the right to access two sets of satellites, namely the 2nd set of satellites with an orbital position of 78.5 degrees East, valued at 380 million baht, and the 3rd series, the orbital position of 119.5 degrees East, valued at 417 million baht. After the auction was postponed twice due to the insufficient number of bidders, thaicom's success allowed Thaicom to open its eyes and mouth again. In addition to the restructuring of new shareholders, gulf energy development public company limited acquired 41.13% of Thaicom shares from Intouch Holdings Public Company Limited, making Gulf a major shareholder and transforming Thaicom into a Thai company. With Singapore capital holding a majority stake, Thaicom's business climate has clearly improved. This can be seen in the continued rise in the share price following the announcement of the acquisition of Thaicom shares of Gulf since November 2018. The price at Gulf to buy Thaicom shares from Intouch was 9.92 baht per share, lower than the market price on the date of the notification of the acquisition on November 7, 2022, which was 12.30 baht. Thaicom shares ended at 14.30 baht, Mr. Pathomphop said, adding that Thaicom has also sought approval for investments from the company's board of directors in the amount of not more than 15,203 million baht under the plan to launch 3 broadband satellites, which may be 2 small and 1 large in orbit 119.5 degrees East, which is considered an appropriate position to market east Asia. South, North Asia It starts with launching a small satellite because it takes only 18 months to build, compared to the construction of a large satellite, which takes 4 years. It is expected that the satellite launch plan will be clear within 1 year, with at least 1 satellite launched within 3 years after obtaining the license to launch the satellite at full capacity. Thaicom's growth from now on will be 3 main businesses, namely: 1. Operating satellite business, which includes broadcast satellites and broadband satellites; 2. LOW EARTH ORBIT SATELLITE BUSINESS OR LEO (LOW EARTH ORBIT SATELLITE) WHICH WILL NOT LAUNCH SATELLITES BY YOURSELF BUT PROVIDE SERVICES THROUGH PARTNERS. 3. Space technology business such as Earth Observation Satellite, which is a long-term plan in the next 3-5 years, Thaicom Chief Executive Officer He said that for the remaining two sets of satellite orbital rights, which in the previous auction were not interested due to the orbital position. It is quite difficult to market, and there are also technical problems with the orbits of other countries. If you want orbit to be used. Because if it is not used, it will be confiscated back to other countries for use, the NBTC will likely have to adjust the conditions. Personally, I think it would be good to use the beauty contest method instead of auction. In addition to maintaining orbital rights for Thailand, the NBTC also receives a license fee instead of having to pay the orbit to other countries.
"Board EV" pulls up package to draw manufacturers to Thailand Use discount subsidies for people to buy. Prepare a proposal Cabinet before dissolution of parliament|M.L. Chayotit Kritakorn, Thai Trade Representative, Advisor to the Prime Minister and Head of the Proactive Action Team to attract foreign investment He said that on March 14, the resolution of the National Electric Vehicle Policy Committee (EV Board) on measures to support electric vehicles in the second round will be presented to the Cabinet meeting because it is a policy decision that must be presented before the dissolution of parliament. Thailand will be able to become a hub for electric vehicle production in Southeast Asia. Over the past two years, the government has implemented a policy to promote the production of electric vehicles in Thailand. Currently, there are more than 10,000 cars on the road and 36,000-37,000 cars are waiting to be booked, and 36,000-37,000 vehicles are waiting to be received." In addition, the Cabinet will ask the Cabinet to approve in principle that the government will contribute money for the establishment of a battery manufacturing plant for electric vehicles in Thailand. It is a principle to be able to continue negotiations. We are confident that Thailand will be able to attract large manufacturers because the demand for batteries for electric vehicles is now high at a level that makes production costs cheaper. MEANWHILE, INDONESIA, A COMPETING COUNTRY, RECENTLY HAD JUST 600 ELECTRIC CARS ON THE STREETS", "THIS GOVERNMENT HAS SHOWN THAT IT IS WILLING TO WORK IN A REAL AND CONCRETE WAY. Today, do it, do it, live and continue. When the government is out of term, the people who follow it can do it. For the world's largest car manufacturers to use Thailand as their production base, new arrivals are BMW in addition to those already coming in, such as Wall Motor (GMW), SAIC Motor (MG), BYD Auto (BYD), as well as Foxconn in partnership with PTT, etc.
The Department of Internal Trade ordered a strict inspection of the sangha suit, the price tag must be clear.|Mr. Udom Srisomsong The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade revealed that the department has sent officials to the area to check the situation of the sale of Thai Dharma or Sanghatan costumes at Sanghatan shops and department stores such as Wat Soi Thong, Nonthaburi. On March 6, it informed traders to close the price tag clearly. In order for the public to make decisions before choosing to buy and protect consumers to receive fairness from the purchase of goods and services for Thai Dharma or Sanghatan costumes. The operator must list the goods, the size of the weight per unit, the quantity of packing and the price of each item packed in the Thai Dharma or Sanghatan set, and the price of the product must be font size of 16 or more or the equivalent size. If the public is not fair in terms of price and quantity of goods or services. Complaints can be made to the Department of Internal Trade hotline at 1569. Failure to close the price tag is punishable by a fine not exceeding 10,000 baht. Hoarding and refusing to sell is punishable by imprisonment for not more than 7 years or a fine not exceeding 140,000 baht or both.
Long weekend Thai people walk the line to pay homage to the gods. Tourism nationwide 176 billion baht|Ms. Thapanee Kiatpaiboon, Deputy Governor for Domestic Market Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) The TAT assessed the tourism situation during the long holiday period of Magha Bucha Day between March 4-6, 2023. It is expected to have a turnover of 17,658 million baht. Approximately 2.2 million Thai visitors travel domestically per visit. Generated turnover of 7,847 million baht 713,101 foreign tourists/time The number of Thai tourists increased by more than 100% compared to the 64th anniversary of The Magha Bucha Holiday, an increase of 101% compared to the 2021 Magha Bucha holiday, and a turnover of 7,847 million baht, an increase of 101% compared to the 2021 Magha Bucha holiday. Thais prefer to travel in the top 5 areas that generate income for each area. As follows: Bangkok Revenue 1,319.44 million baht Chonburi has revenue of 708 million baht. Chiang Mai has an income of 682 million baht. Phuket earned 418 million baht and Kanchanaburi had 384 million baht. While foreigners travel during the Magha Bucha holiday, Phuket has a turnover of 3,958 million baht. Chonburi had revenue of 1,587 million baht. Bangkok Revenue 967 million baht Surat Thani has an income of 780 million baht and Krabi has an income of 715 million baht, respectively. Maximum turnover 7,922.82 million baht Central Region: 0.91 million/time Current income 3,444.38 million baht The eastern region has 0.51 million tourists per visit. Turnover 3,221.23 million baht, northern region 0.38 million tourists/time It has a turnover of 1,988.63 million baht. 0.47 million tourists/visit Turnover 1,081.04 million bahtSPONSORED for the behavior of tourists, mainly staying at hotels and resorts, 88.85% staying at relatives' homes. Friends and acquaintances (13.15%) have an average stay of 2.26 days with an average cost of 3,385.02 baht/person/day, all of which are as follows: accommodation (23.63%), food (21.20%), souvenirs (19.17%), entertainment (13.21%), travel (8.25%), transportation (10.44%), and other expenses (4.1%).
How to keep an eye on TikTok after issuing measures to require children under the age of 18 to watch no more than 1 hour/day |TikTok has announced new safeguards for 'accounts under the age of 18' to be available for only 60 minutes a day to address the problem of children addicted to TikTok after the company had to deal with complaints about concerns about its impact on adolescent users. At the end of the term, the user must enter a password to continue using it. The company said it wants users to consider it before extending their uptime. TikTok is under pressure because teenagers are the largest proportion of users in the last two years. This is in addition to leaked user data, which is a national security issue. Another big issue is the distribution of violent content, which can cause adolescents to be influenced or affected by the mental state of that content that may be at risk from it, since TikTok's main users worldwide are teenagers and young adults. The largest number of users is between the ages of 6 and 17, followed by those aged 18-24. Short clip formats that are constantly presented and engage or interact with the content. TikTok has been under pressure from critics and parents to take measures to improve this. Since 2019, to keep young users safe, TikTok for Younger Users has been created for users under the age of 13 who will receive additional privacy protections designed specifically to create features. Screen time management and Family Pairing mode, which can record and summarize time on the screen, allow parents to limit their time for children and adolescents. TikTok's moves are interesting and demonstrate the seriousness of problem management. Although young and young people are the platform's most engaged and active users, time limits can lead to a decrease in the number of users on the screen per day or cause users to move to other apps that don't feel much control. Tiktok is confident that Tiktok is trying to be a safe space for his children, and if the proportion of users over the age of 18 is combined, it may be said that TikTok has not been severely affected. This spot can attract content creation other than entertainment alone, and can continue to earn money from marketing, according to Newsroom Tiktok , Pewresearchcenter , Sersortower , Backlinko.
Poor Card State Welfare Card March 2023 What are the rights?|Check clearly the poor card, state welfare card in March 2023, what are the benefits, which can be used until March 31, 2023. Deputy Director-General of the Comptroller's Department as spokesperson for the Comptroller's Department It was revealed that the Comptroller General's Department has set a credit limit for state welfare cardholders and transferred funds to e-Money wallets to state welfare cardholders. March 2023 as follows: Every 1st of the month (the right limit cannot be withdrawn in cash and does not accumulate in the following month)- Purchase limit 200/300 baht per month - Discount limit for LPG purchase 100 baht per 3 months (Jan-Mar 23) - Travel expenses limit consists of - Electricity compensation not exceeding 315 baht per household per month (for state welfare cardholders registered with MEA) PEA and Navy Concession Welfare Electricity Business that uses electricity not exceeding 315 baht per month)- Compensation according to the amount of water payment not exceeding 100 baht per household per month (for state welfare cardholders who have registered with the MPC) PWA who uses tap water not exceeding 315 baht per month will receive a water refund not exceeding 100 baht (paid). In excess of 100 Baht, the cardholder pays by himself) every 22nd of the month (e-Money can be withdrawn in cash and accumulated in the following month). For February 2023, the Comptroller General's Department would like to report the results of payments to agencies/merchants that accept payments with state welfare cards and e-Money transfers from February 1-28, 2023 as follows:1. Benefits provided as a limit on the State Welfare Card Amount (Million Baht)1.1 Purchase limit for consumer goods 3,512.521.2 Discount limit for LPG purchase 28.551.3 Bus and electric train fare limit 21.701.4 Transportation Company Limited fare limit 6.691.5 Train fare limit 14.80 Total amount (1) 3,584.26 Baht2. Benefits provided via e-Money wallet in the State Welfare Card (e-Money) Amount (Million Baht)2.1 Electricity Tariff Relief Measures 172.102.2 Water Bills Relief Measures 17.812.3 Measures to Increase Disability Allowance According to the Cabinet Resolution of January 28, 2020 215.56 Total amount (2) 405.46 Baht Total amount (1) + (2) 3,989.72 Baht For those who have a State Welfare Card will be able to use the Card until March 31, 2023. 14.59 million It's not. For more information, please contact the State Welfare Card Customer Service Center at 0-2109-2345 or the Call Center of the Comptroller's Department at 0-2270-6400 during official hours.
Opening the direction of future economic cooperation, strengthening Thailand-South Korea relations|"South Korea" is considered one of the countries that has a good relationship with Thailand for a long time, and 2023 is also the time to celebrate the 65th anniversary of Thailand-South Korea diplomatic relations. South Korea is the 10th highest economic value in the world and the sixth largest exporter in the world. It is also a country with great potential to use "Soft Power" to add economic value and the best. South Korea is another country of interest. The value of trade between Thailand and South Korea continues to increase. From USD 15.5 billion in 2021 to USD 16.5 billion in 2022. Pre-COVID-19 An estimated 2 million South Korean tourists visit Thailand annually. Thailand and South Korea have jointly organized a campaign to promote tourism between each other, making 2023 and 2024 the "year of visits between the two countries". Moon Seoung–hyun Ambassador of the Republic of Korea (ROK) to Thailand on "Good relations between Thailand and South Korea, including enhancing trade cooperation, promoting investment, tackling illegal Thai labor in South Korea, as well as tips on welcoming South Korean tourists who are gradually visiting Thailand." South Koreans are very interested in visiting Thailand," said Moon Seung-hyun. "In 2022, as a result of COVID-19, rising global oil prices, the Ukraine-Russia war, as well as the volatility of the global financial economy, the South Korean economy grew by 2.6%. Under the leadership of the new South Korean government, south Korea's business is making it easier and accelerating investment in semiconductors. In 2022, the trade value between them stood at USD 16.5 billion, an increase of approximately 7% from 2021. Before this, from Korea's previous profits, it began to balance, which was a good direction for trade between the two countries. The Thai government's policy to prioritize the BCG model, bioeconomy, circular economy, and green economy, as well as the digital economy, is the same direction as South Korea, where we have expertise, making there many opportunities to cooperate. The ambassador pointed out opportunities in four areas to increase cooperation, the first of which is cooperation in the field of EV (Electric Vehicle), which South Korea has major manufacturers such as Hyundai and Kia, as well as electric vehicle batteries, which are led by Samsung and LG. In addition, the EV industry is expected to play an important role in environmental stewardship policy and to reach the Zero Corbon target by 2050SPONSORED 2nd. Because it is an industry that South Korea is interested in investing in, the third aspect is cooperation in promoting soft power to promote and increase the value of both Thai people and countries. South Korea, for example, has a K-POP industry or cultural intervention. livelihood Lisa BLACKPINK, which in addition to making a lot of money, is also like a "link between Thailand and South Korea"", Thai people are like Lisa a lot, and see that the K-POP trend should remain for a long time. Robotics Industry This will take time to discuss clearly because it is the long-term direction of each country and how the two countries will cooperate. The Embassy of South Korea attaches importance to and is ready to strengthen the investment side of South Korean investors in Thailand. At the moment, there are about 400 South Korean companies investing in Thailand, led by three of South Korea's largest companies, Samsung, LG and Posco. South Korea also invests little in Thailand, ranking 8th, more than just Laos and Cambodia"According to the simple principle of where investment is profitable, we already invest, Korean investors want to invest more in Thailand, but in the past, it seemed that Thailand was an investment base for Japanese investors. South Korea still has opportunities, but the Thai government may give Insentive privileges that help attract more according to the principle that "if anyone has a better offer, invest there", which we reiterate to Thai agencies such as the Office of the Board of Investment (BOI) throughout sponsored. The Thai government needs to look at the direction of the country's economy clearly and dare to make enough attractive offers in industries that need investment. "The Envoy" sees EV as having potential in Thailand and knows that the Thai government offers discounts on electric car purchases, which will make Thai people more interested in buying electric cars. In addition, there are artificial intelligence and intelligent machinery (AI) industries of the future, as well as semiconductor manufacturing that South Korea specializes in, the bio-based and medical industries that Thailand has the potential to cooperate more with for tourism relations. Thailand is considered one of the tourist destinations of South Koreans and in 2023-2024. It has jointly promoted it as the "Year of Mutual Visits" to revive tourism between the two countries after COVID-19. This will promote Thai tourist attractions and make South Koreans know more about Thailand. It is believed that it will help attract more tourists from South Korea to Thailand," said the ambassador, who also said that South Koreans love Thailand and already like to travel in Thailand. Before COVID, it was a group tour to visit the main tourist cities such as Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Pattaya, Hua Hin, Koh Samui, etc., but after COVID, they switched to visiting more and more diverse places. I had the opportunity to go to Khao Yai, about 2-3 hours away from Bangkok. The golf course in Pattaya is so crowded with South Koreans that Thais can barely book. The size of a small noodle shop in Bangkok I still see South Koreans eating almost full of restaurants"And if you ask "tips" about how Thais need to get more South Koreans to visit Thailand. "I don't have to do anything, South Koreans want to come and visit, with a personality that Thai people are kind, smiling and welcoming tourists. The food was delicious. This makes foreigners want to visit Thailand and South Koreans know Thai food well because there are many Thai restaurants in South Korea. I think it's more in Seoul than korean restaurants in Thailand." Young people and their families also visit the sea, Phuket, Pattaya, where the "ambassador" is impressed is "Chiang Mai and Hat Yai". In addition, there are new places to recommend such as Lopburi, Buriram and Udon Thani. "I have been to Lopburi and recently visited Buriram, an impressive city, and I am going to Udon Thani, where I think these cities have a history, interesting stories and worth visiting"In addition, to learn about the lifestyle and Thai food, "I like to go to the "flea market", especially the night market, because it is not very hot, and aims to walk as many flea markets in Thailand as possible. In the case of illegal immigration, better known to Thais and South Koreans as "Little Ghosts", "Ambassadors" understand this and tell us that there are about 140,000-200,000 illegal workers in Korea. People And it is the least ghost Thai people the most causes Thai people are the most "little ghosts". The first is because Thais visit South Korea without a visa and can stay in South Korea for 90 days after the 90 days that are legal. If you stay to work, you become an illegal person, while the second issue comes from the difference in wages in Thailand and South Korea, with a bachelor's degree salary in Thailand of about 700 USD per month. While working in a factory in South Korea, you don't have to have a bachelor's degree, you can earn $1,800 per month. In the case of "Little Ghost", both the South Korean and Thai governments have always made concerted efforts to solve this problem, and recently increased the quota of Thai workers who can legally work in South Korea." The overall unemployment rate in South Korea is about 2.4-2.6% of the total workforce. painter Welders are very scarce and skilled Thai workers can work. Recently, it has agreed and expanded the quota of Thai workers working legally in South Korea to 5,000 people per year. The two governments are continuing to discuss the issue with the common expectation that the two countries will be able to strengthen relations in all areas and grow stronger together economically. trade  Tourism & Investment.Economic Team
Gangs of fraudsters are heavily plagued. Claiming the name of a private company to scam online lending|A gang of fraudsters claims to have named a private company to scam online loans. When the victim submits a loan, immediately send a letter to the victim using the "BOT" header. Claims of incorrect registration information The system is locked and money is withheld. You have to fix the information, unlock the system and verify your identity, ready for the victim to transfer money according to the risk amount. The scammers suck money into their bank accounts by clicking link-loads. The app sent via LINE has also been plagued by journalists who report that scammers continue to impersonate government agencies such as the Ministry of Commerce, the Department of Business Development, and the Department of Business Development. Department of International Trade Promotion, Department of Intellectual Property, deceive people by phone or sending lines to them. Claim to update personal information and click on the link or load the application sent to LINE. If anyone is fooled into using their smartphone, clicking on a link or downloading the app, they will be sucked out of their bank account. The Ministry of Commerce has issued a warning via the www.moc.go.th website that bad actors have created a fake website to imitate the ministry's website, confirming that there is only one website, www.moc.go.th. People are asked not to be fooled and never access other websites. If you receive a phone call or a line that claims to update the information. Ask the Ministry's hotline at 1203SPONSORED, and also impersonate a private company. The chairman of the Thai-Myanmar Business Council and managing director of KA Siam Assets Co., Ltd. said that fraudsters forged documents on behalf of KA Siam Assets Co., Ltd. in order to release payday loans and online loans. The gang will send the most urgent letter using the Bank of Thailand (BOT) header and the company to the victim to inform them to unlock and cancel the credit limit in the system, stating that the victim has not completed the registration. The loan system cannot transfer funds to the victim's account. This causes the system to be locked and the money is frozen in the system. The victim must unlock the system and edit the data in order to cancel the money freeze. The borrower must verify the identity of the system according to the amount that the risk measurement system can (in the case of this victim requesting a loan of 50,000 baht, the gang of fraudsters claims that there is a risk of 20% of the loan amount, so they inform the victim to transfer the money before 10,000 baht according to the amount measured by the risk system). as follows 1. The loan amount is not received and the company must repay all the money according to the amount of the suspended credit line. 2. If you do not return all the money, you will be considered an impostor, hoping to defraud. Breach of loan agreement Punishable by law The company must prosecute to the end. 3. Blacklisted for 10 years, nothing can be done until maturity. "In this case, several victims have complained to the company confirming that K.A. Siam Assets Co., Ltd., as well as its subsidiaries, Universal Business Group Lert Ruammitr Co., Ltd., are not involved in online lending. The company has never been in the financial business. Please do not be fooled or give personal information or id card pictures or transfer money to fraudsters and report the case to huamark police as evidence for legal action."
The identity of the poor card has surpassed 1.74 million. The NSC opens an appeal process if it is not eligible.|Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy According to the announcement of the results of the eligibility of enrollees to participate in the State Welfare Registration Program. Year 2022 (Poor People's Card) since March 1, 2022. Date 3 Mar 23 1.74 million verified and verified citizens Meanwhile, 497,000 people who were not eligible to appeal were eligible for the appeal process as follows: 1. Registrants who do not meet the eligibility criteria can apply for an appeal from March 1 to May 1, 2023 for a total of 62 days. as follows Appeals can be made in person via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. daily. If you wish to review or amend the information. Please contact the qualification agency where the registrant does not meet the eligibility criteria by themselves or meets the conditions specified by the qualification agency to update or correct the information in case the information is inaccurate. The project must be completed by May 1, 2023," the reporter reported that the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) has organized the verification of qualified persons to reduce congestion at the BAAC branch by dispatching teams to the villages to facilitate the public.
Gold price today, 6 March 2023, opened on Monday morning, adjusted 2 times, the price fell 50 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" The market opened on Monday morning, March 6, 2023, the 2nd adjustment decreased by 50 baht for the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 30,250 baht per baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 30,750 baht on the 6th day. On March 2, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the price of Thai gold today, the 2nd time at 09.54 a.m., fell by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" being purchased at 30,150 baht per baht. Baht 30,250 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,607.48 baht per baht. Baht 30,750 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,075 baht Sell out 15,125 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,803.74 baht Sell out 15,375 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion Buy 7,537.5 baht Sell out 7,562.5 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,401.87 baht Sell out 7,687.5 baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,768.7 Baht Sell Out 3,781.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,700.935 Baht Sell Out 3,843.7 Baht
Expedite budget approval requires the dissolution of parliament. Green Light Minister saves 3 billion electricity bills|The Cabinet approved the budget needed during the dissolution of parliament, fearing an emergency, no money to help the people. Interior Chong asked for 3,190 baht to help low-income people use electricity bills not exceeding 300 units per month, as well as opening a line to take care of the poor card, including an annual budget and a COVID loan of up to 422,405 million baht. Director of the Budget Office The cabinet meeting is scheduled for March 7. The Ministry of Interior will propose a list of emergency and necessary payments for the year 2023 with a limit of 3,190 million baht. To be used as a budget to take care of the cost of living in respect of electricity bills of people who use no more than 300 units of electricity. This part of the budget will be used to help people during the dissolution of parliament. After the dissolution of parliament, the acting government continued to function for several months. If it is necessary to request a budget for the central budget, the list of emergency reserves to take care of the people in addition to the previously approved limit. The government can submit the case to the Electoral Commission (EC). To request approval on a case-by-case basis before submitting a proposal. At present, the central budget is not very large, close to the same period in 2022, but it is confident that it is sufficient to take care of the people in case of natural disasters such as floods and droughts, while the preparation of the annual expenditure budget 67 may not be available by October 1, 2023 because it is the transition period to the new government. Before the review of the 2024 budget is completed, it may lapse to January 2024 and promulgate the 2024 Budget Act. February 2024, during which the budget was spent first. Disbursements cannot go beyond the budget framework. In fiscal year 2023, it was not possible to approve the procurement of new investment projects. For the amount of money used to take care of state welfare cardholders, the Cabinet last week approved an additional budget of 9,140 million baht due to the 51,276.79 million baht limit in the Pracharat Welfare Fund for The Foundation Economy. But when combined with the approved budget, it will cover the total amount required 65,413.80 million baht. To care for 14.59 million low-income people eligible for the State Welfare Card this year. In the case of political parties campaigning. An increase in state welfare payments of 700-1,000 baht per person per month would have to be looked at after the election. Will political parties actually do what they have campaigned for? IF IT IS TO BE IMPLEMENTED, IT MUST BE DISCUSSED WITH VARIOUS SECTORS AND LOOK AT THE BUDGETS THAT NEED TO BE IMPLEMENTED IN MANY OTHER PROJECTS AND PLANS. Budget money to be used in the State Welfare Card 6 consecutive fiscal years from 2018-2023, totaling 333,229 million baht. However, when including the approved limit from the loan accordingly. Act empowers the Ministry of Finance to borrow money during COVID-19 The total credit limit is 89,175 million baht, and the government approved 422,405 million baht. The COVID-19 loan came from the COVID-19 Loan Act of 2020 with a limit of 64,018 million baht and the COVID Loan Act of 2021 with a limit of 25,156.68 million baht. Most of the money is spent on projects to increase purchasing power for state welfare card holders during COVID-19.Read related news
Support! The Minister knocked out the new "lottery".|Reporters reported that the cabinet meeting was held on March 14, 2023. The Ministry of Finance will propose to consider the issuance of new lottery products, namely lottery 6 (L6) and 3-digit lottery (N3). This time, the Lottery Office shall have the legal authority to issue new products. Because the past has corrected. The Government Lottery Office Act gives the Lottery Office the power to issue new products, increasing the options for buying new tickets for the people. As for when it will be released, it is not yet possible to determine whether the L6 lottery should be started first. The issuance of prizes will be the same as the current government lottery, but it does not have to be printed as a card, so the L6 may be added to the digital lottery that will be added first. The 1st prize is 6 million baht, while N3 is expected to be issued afterwards by buying method will choose 1 number from 000 to 999. Three main alternating prizes Straight Number-Swap Digit (Toad), If any installment does not have the right person, the prize money from the previous installment can be accumulated in 1 installment by issuing the prize twice a month, every 1st and 16th day. 60% of the total lottery sales in each period and the allocation proportion is 30%, 30% triple prize, 39% double straight prize and 1% special prize.
Bot adds 6 mobile banking checks Prevent online scammers|Reporters reported from the Bank of Thailand (BOT) that in order to solve the problem of scammers through various channels, the BOT has issued measures together with the banking sector to increase the strictness of various procedures, especially mobile banking, in 6 areas as follows: 1. Contacting customers, the Bank will cancel sending short messages (SMS) attached to the link to reduce the chances of fraudsters tricking customers into clicking the dangerous link. 2.Opening an account, especially opening an account through online channels, must verify your identity through the system with biometric comparison technology, such as facial scanning to prevent fraudsters from opening an account on behalf of the owner.3.The transaction will increase the biometric data verification process. On Mobile Banking, such as high-value or high-frequency transactions or suspected irregularities. 4. Transaction confirmation will continuously add new types of alerts. To help remind potential victims to be cautious and cautious. 5. Provide 24-hour hotlines so that customers can report incidents directly and provide timely assistance. 6. If proven, it is found to be a mistake of the bank. Must help and take care of customer damage.
1.11 trillion baht damaged "NCPO" wins rice-it pledge fraud lawsuit|The NCPO won a total of 122 cases of rice pledge fraud lawsuits in 2014, losing 27 cases out of 149 settled, totaling 8,345 million baht in damages. From the damages filed in the lawsuit amounted to 526 billion baht. Total damage If the loss from the sale of goods is counted, the damage is 1.11 trillion baht. Director of Warehouse Organization (OIC) Revealed the progress of recovering damages from corruption cases in the previous government's agricultural pledge program. Rice, cassava, maize and other agricultural products over the past 3 years, the NCPO has filed civil and criminal charges against the paddy pawn scheme. Cassava and maize 51-57 years only operated by the NCPO and called for damages totaling nearly 526,048 million baht. Recently, the court has already ruled in several cases, and most of the NCPO has won the case, with the court ordering the losers to pay damages totaling 8,405 million baht. Despite winning the case, the NCPO appealed because it wanted to claim compensation for the amount of the lawsuit. As for the lost cases, it also appealed for rice pledge fraud cases from 51-57, in which the NCPO filed a total of 1,179 cases, both civil and criminal. Damages 503,809 million baht In the Civil Cases section The Administrative Court has already ruled 59 cases, 37 of which have been won, amounting to 2,345 million baht in compensation. Lost 22 cases, damages 277 million baht The case has reached 8 cases, while 805 criminal cases are still under investigation, 94 criminal courts and no final cases have yet been finalized, while cassava pledge fraud cases in years 51-57 have been prosecuted in 172 cases with damages of 20,585 million baht. The NCPO won 85 cases, totaling 6,060 million baht in damages, and lost 5 cases, totaling 62 million baht in damages, of which 25 civil cases have reached the end, 32 cases are pending before the Central Administrative Court and the Supreme Administrative Court. "The total damages, if including losses from the sale of goods in the pledge project, amounted to 584,337 million baht, divided into rice sales in years 51-57, losses of 489,414 million baht, sales of 51-57 million baht, losses of 32,671 million baht, corn in years 51-57, and other products from 24 years, losses of 32,252 million baht. The results of the tort liability test have been submitted to the Ministry of Finance since October 20, 2022. We are waiting for the Ministry of Finance to confirm the number of offenders for damage to the government and the value of the damage. To prosecute further cases2.Criminal cases of corruption. The NCPO has submitted the case to the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Investigation since September 23, 2020 At the moment, we are waiting for the P.O.C. to identify the offenses of both public and private officials. 3. Criminal money laundering and civil cases Waiting for the Anti-Money Laundering Office Prosecution of public and private officials, which have been filed since September 18, 2020.
Petrol price today 4 Mar 2023 Czech from 4 pumps Latest price per liter How many baht per liter|"Oil Prices Today" 4 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared to the last 4 pumps, how many baht per liter on the 4th day? March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.35 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.08 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.08 Baht/liter. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 44.84 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S B7 at 33.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.14 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Petrol at 44.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.35 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.08 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 34.49 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.34 baht/liter Shell Fusev Gasohol 91 at 36.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 44.94 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter 4.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is at 44.94 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 34.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 36.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 36.35 baht/liter Diesel B7 is at 33.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 44.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter.
Patents for COVID-19 products skyrocketed Thais do not file intellectual property protection.|Reporters reported from the Ministry of Commerce that during the 3 years (2020-2022) of the COVID-19 pandemic, people in the Thai economic sphere and inventors continued to create new inventions and innovations. More than 60,000 applications for intellectual property registration with the Department of Intellectual Property were submitted annually, down slightly from pre-COVID-19. In 2010, 66,580 applications were filed, an increase of 2.21% from 65,143 in 2019 to 7,813 invention patents, an increase of 0.79%. 430 applications added 9.50% petty patents 4,186 applications increased 37.25% trademarks 49,151 applications decreased 0.47% while in 2011 61,984 applications decreased 6.90% from 63 to 7,903 invention patents 1.15% decrease 5,452 design patents 0.41% petty patents 3,644 applications 12.95% reduction 44,985 trademarks 8.48% reduction 65% 60,082 applications 3.07% reduction to 8,431 patents 6.68% design patents 5,231 applications 4.05% reduction 3,324 patents 8.78% reduction 4.78% trademarks 43,096 applications 4.20% reduction As a result, in 2022, the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) ranked Thailand 43rd in the list of countries with innovation capabilities out of 130 countries worldwide, with the largest proportion of R&D expenditure invested by businesses for the first consecutive year.
Good news for monthly electricity bills This May-August declined.|Mr. Kumkrit Tantrawanich Spokesperson for the Energy Regulatory Commission At the board meeting, he said: (Board) On March 8, the monthly variable electricity bill (FT) figures will be finalized. This May-August, before the open hearing, which is good news that the FT value in this period. There is a downward trend due to various factors in cost calculation. Compared to monthly periods January-April Average monthly electricity bills Jan-Apr For residential electricity users, it is 4.72 baht per unit, while for other types of electricity users (business, industry, service, etc.) it is 5.33 baht per unit. In May-August, the baht will fall below 5 baht per unit for factors for calculating the FT, such as the strengthening of the baht, which in the past averaged 37 baht per U.S. dollar, but now the baht has reached the level of 34-35 baht per U.S. dollar. But it is important that the price of liquefied natural gas (LNG) is a key factor that affects the FT in the month. In the last period, the price of LNG was 30 USD per million BTU, but now it is only 10 USD per million BTU, and the import volume has decreased because of the management of natural gas in the Gulf of Thailand. WHILE PTT PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED MANAGES NATURAL GAS IN THE GULF OF THAILAND AND MYANMAR. The production level has been maintained back to the same amount as the original quantity that can be procured because of the natural gas in such groups. The price is lower than the LNG price that is the market price. Recently, various situations began to unravel. It must be seen in the sense that the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) bears the cost of fuel. 110,000 Million Baht To ensure fairness between producers and electricity users, reporters reported that at this week's fuel fund management committee meeting, global diesel prices will be monitored to determine how much the price change will be reduced. After the first week of the month Mar is also pegged at 34 baht per litre.
Gold price today, 7 March 2023, opened the market, jewelry sold out 30,750 baht.|"Today's Gold Price" Open Tuesday morning, March 7, 2023, fixed price for "gold bullion" selling out baht 30,250 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is sold at 30,750 baht per baht. Baht• Gold bar 30,150 baht Baht 30,250 per baht Baht• Gold jewelry buying baht 29,607.48 Baht 30,750 per baht On March 7, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today at 09.27 a.m. was stable, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,150 baht per baht. Baht 30,250 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 29,607.48 baht per baht. Baht 30,750 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,075 baht Sell out 15,125 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 14,803.74 baht Sell out 15,375 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,537.55 Baht Sell Out 7,562.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,401.87 Baht Sell Out 7,687.5 Baht Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,768.75 Baht Sell Out 3,781.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,700.935 Baht Sell Out 3,843.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.SPONSORED
Petrol price today 5 Mar 2023 Updated from 4 pumps Latest price how many baht per liter|"Oil Prices Today" 5 Mar 23, 2023 Check the price of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to the last 4 pumps, the price of each liter on the 5th day. March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.35 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.08 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.08 Baht/liter. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 44.84 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.14 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.35 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.35 baht/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 34.35 BAHT/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E85S EVO AT 34.49 BAHT/LITRE HIGH PREMIUM DIESEL 97 AT 44.84 BAHT/litre HIGH DIESEL B20 AT 33.94 BAHT/litre High Diesel B20 AT 33.94 THB/litre High Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.14 THB/litre Diesel S B7 at 33.94 THB/litre Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.94 THB/litre Super Power Gasohol 95 at 33.94 Baht/litre Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/litre 04 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 34.49 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.34 baht/liter Shell Fusesave Gasohol 91 at 36.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.34 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.44 baht/liter Shell Fusesave Diesel B7 at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter 4.44 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.34 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 34.04 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 36.08 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 36.35 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 44.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/litre.
Thai stocks today, March 7, 2023, ended the morning up 12.89 points, the index was at 1,619 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the morning up 12.89. The index is at 1,619.77. Turnover 30,959.44 On March 7, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose by 12.89 million baht. The index was at 1,619.77. The turnover was 30,959.44 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. True Corporation Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
Udon Thani bustling with pilgrimage UD Town confident of overall tourism growth in 2023|Mr. Thanakorn Weerachatyanukool, Chief Executive Officer of Udon Plaza Co., Ltd. and President of Udon Thani Tourism Businessmen's Association, said that after Thailand officially opened, which significantly affected the economic growth of Udon Thani province in 2019 before covid. About 4 million tourists come to Udon Thani. We have seen more than 11 million tourists come to the province, making Udon Thani a strategic transportation point and the highest number of daily flights in the Northeast. However, we expect that in 2023, the number of tourists coming to Udon Thani will grow by 100%. At the same time, we expect tourists to start returning to the Northeast, which can travel in any season. Both winter and rainy season, especially pilgrimages. PRACTISE THE DHARMA SPONSORED"UDON THANI IS A LAND OF SARATHA. Pilgrims love to come to Khamchanod and visit Naka Cave or pay homage to the famous Monk Geji. Laotians and Chinese who will stop by here for pilgrimage. We also have a mekong route that runs from Loei to the end of Nakhon Phanom." Mr. Thanakorn said that UD Town shopping center in 2023 aims to add more stores, with the expansion of several phases of empty space in 2Q23. Mr. Pasakorn Weerachatyanukool, Managing Director of Thanathip 456 Co., Ltd., which oversees the Moko Hotel portfolio and The International Convention Center, said that the growth of the business has improved, especially the Moko Hotel, which has been open for almost 2 years. 80% of domestic travelers and 20% of international tourists are targeted. Although the room rates are quite high, but they are very much in demand among high-end customers, "Thai tourists who stay in hotels are mostly high-premium and mostly Mu tourists, while tourists from Lao PDR will cross the coast from Vientiane to stay in Udon Thani for about 2-3 days, who will visit the doctor, shop, eat and drink, or go to Udon Thani Airport to Bangkok by plane to travel abroad, etc." Whether it's social marketing in marketing communications. Influencer Reviews In addition to the guest rooms, Moko Hotel also has another highlight, which serves chef's table style. The menu changes according to the season, which is a favorite of customers who want to cater long table, making it another landmark of Udon Thani province for future investment plans. We will develop our existing land by building a hotel that penetrates the Mass Group. The price is not very high to accommodate tourists and travelers who will enter the province, including those who come to stay in a long stay as well. Udon Plaza Co., Ltd. said that during songkran 2023, we are preparing to hold the UDON SONGKRAN FESTIVAL 2023 from April 12-16, 2023 at The Land Event Center. UD Town Udon Thani, which marks the return of 3 years away, this year we are scheduled to hold a full 5-day and 5-night event. To attract both Thai and foreign tourists to visit Udon Thani province and to stimulate the economy to generate income within Udon Thani province for the prominence of this year's theme of the event. It combines Isaan culture and music festivals. It brings together world-renowned DJs such as Mike William, a famous DJ from the Netherlands, Gammer from the UK, Bonka from Colombia, and a leading national DJ. With special guests, Paradise Bangkok, Mo Lam International, etc., we have prepared the area, including various facilities at The Land Plaza, which has a large area of 12,000 sqm. With a capacity of up to 20,000 people, the venue also has facilities such as a tourist office, screening points, weapons checkpoints, mobile toilets and security guards.
New idea 'Flying turtle cabinet' aims to sell noodles through cabinets, hoping to push new businesses to create more revenue opportunities in 2024|FSMART reveals 'Flying Turtle' to consider selling noodles in 2024 to create new revenue opportunities In 2023, the company aims to double its revenue to 3,000 million baht. Expanded to 5,000 cabinets Mr. Narongsak Lertsubtawee Managing Director Forth Smart Service (FSMART) said that the "Flying Turtle Cabinet" business, which is managed by FORTH Vending, is considered to be the group's youngest business. Currently, the non-alcoholic beverage market is valued at more than 247 billion baht and is believed to be able to consume a market share of 4%, which in 2024 will see synergy between the products of the group companies. Nowadays, technology is constantly evolving, with more than 200 new beverage menus created in the past, which have been well received by consumers. The proportion of best-selling beverages are: Milk and chocolate 31%, soda drinks 26% and coffee 23%, respectively, with next year likely to see noodle sales within the Tao Fly kiosks, while sales and revenue are likely to grow in line with plans to expand the number of kiosks. The company plans to expand from 5,000 to 10,000 by the end of this year. With the goal of increasing the number of flying turtle cabinets to 20,000 within three years, it is believed that there is still a lot of potential for kiosks as consumers become more aware of the product due to past marketing activities. As a result, the company currently has a customer base of more than 4 million customers who have subscribed to the service through sponsored phone numbers. This is coupled with the development of technology that enables the flying turtle cabinet to better manage raw materials. With a marketing investment plan for flying turtle cabinets of more than 100 million baht. Fsmart currently has a 26.7% stake in FORTH Vending in the financial services business. The company aims to lend at 1,000 million baht. This year, the NPL level is seen to be lower than 5% from the collection and analysis of "Boonterm Big Data" data in the trial of lending services to about 30,000 customers last year, while the opening of ATMs was delayed from the previous year. The Company plans to open electric vehicle (EV) charging stations in 2024 in conjunction with the service of the Tao Flying Kiosk business within the station, while this year aims to expand the charging service points to 5,000 points by joint investment with operators in areas such as condominiums, hospitals, shopping malls, golf courses, and believes that it will generate significant returns in the next 2-3 years. At present, it is around 100,000 units.
New idea 'Flying turtle cabinet' aims to sell noodles through the cabinet, hoping to push new business Create more revenue opportunities in 2024|Mr. Narongsak Lertsubtawee Managing Director Forth Smart Service (FSMART) said that the "Flying Turtle Cabinet" business, which is managed by FORTH Vending, is considered to be the group's youngest business. Currently, the non-alcoholic beverage market is valued at more than 247 billion baht and is believed to be able to consume a market share of 4%, which in 2024 will see synergy between the products of the group companies. Nowadays, technology is constantly evolving, with more than 200 new beverage menus created in the past, which have been well received by consumers. The proportion of best-selling beverages are: 31% milk and chocolate, 26% soda drinks and 23% coffee, respectively. The next year may see the delivery of noodles inside the flying turtle cabinets, while sales and revenue are likely to grow in line with the expansion plan of the number of kiosks. The company plans to expand from 5,000 to 10,000 by the end of this year. With the goal of increasing the number of flying turtle cabinets to 20,000 within 3 years, it is believed that there is still a lot of potential for cabinet placement. Consumers are becoming more aware of products from past marketing activities. As a result, the company currently has a customer base of more than 4 million customers who have subscribed to the service through telephone numbers, coupled with the development of technology that allows the flying turtle cabinet to better manage raw materials. With a marketing investment plan for flying turtle cabinets of more than 100 million baht. FSMART CURRENTLY HAS A 26.7% STAKE IN FORTH VENDING IN THE FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS. The company aims to lend at 1,000 million baht. According to the data collection and analysis of "Boonterm Big Data", which has been experimenting with lending services to about 30,000 customers in the past year, while the opening of ATMs has been delayed from the previous year, however, it is believed that it will be able to launch a joint service with commercial banks by the middle of this year and by the end of the year. The Company plans to open electric vehicle (EV) charging stations in 2024 in conjunction with the service of the Tao Flying Kiosk business within the station, while this year aims to expand the charging service points to 5,000 points by joint investment with operators in areas such as condominiums, hospitals, shopping malls, golf courses, and believes that it will generate significant returns in the next 2-3 years. At present, it is around 100,000 units.
Bento invades Vietnam Set sales of 1 billion baht and increase production capacity Maintain market leadership |Mr. Supachok Bamrungpan Chief Accounting and Finance Officer SriNanaporn Marketing Public Company Limited unveiled its 2022 operating results at Opportunity Day, with sales growing steadily every quarter. Total sales amounted to 5,556 million baht. EBITDA was 835 million baht, up 30% year-on-year. Up 12% year-on-year Net profit 516 million baht Despite the impact of higher raw material prices, the company was able to manage the cost to achieve the targeted gross profit margin of 73% from overseas, 27% from overseas, with Vietnam being the ASEAN country with the largest sales growth of 92% from the previous year. Lotus has officially opened its commercial trade in 4Q22, followed by Bento and Gele with production planned for Q1 and 3 of this year. If it is produced at full capacity, the company expects to generate revenue of 2,000 million baht. It also reduces production costs and improves gross profit, sponsored for the 2023 target, focusing on generating continuous sales growth from flavor development and new product releases. The company aims for double-digit profit growth and maintains its market share leadership in bento and gele products, as well as increasing market share in other products. With a production capacity in Thailand of 8,000-9,000 million units and a target of 1,000 million baht in sales in Vietnam this year.
The Cabinet without agenda considered issuing 6 lottery numbers, 3 numbers to win the meeting on March 14, 2023.|meeting Today, there is no agenda to consider the issuance of new lottery products. The Ministry of Finance will attend next week's meeting (March 14, 2023) with 6 lottery numbers and 3 numbers on March 7, 2023. Today, the Ministry of Finance has not proposed to issue new lottery products, either 6-digit lottery tickets or 6-or L6 lotteries that are similar to the lottery tickets currently sold, but in the form of digital lotteries that do not need to be published, and 3-digit lotteries or N3 are accumulated prize money at a price of 50 baht. In order to issue new products and to increase the choice of people to buy new tickets. As for when it will be released, it is not yet possible to determine whether the L6 lottery should be able to start operations first, focusing on digital sales. The 1st prize is 6 million baht, while N3 is expected to be issued after that, with the purchase method will choose 1 number from 000 to 999, 1 number per ticket purchase, the price is not yet determined, but it is expected that 50 baht per time, with the prize issued 2 times a month, every 1st and 16th day. The Ministry of Finance is expected to propose to consider issuing new lottery products. In meetings ON MARCH 14, 2023, PROGRESS WILL BE REPORTED.
Thai stocks today, March 7, 2023, ended the afternoon up 11.63 points, the index was at 1,618 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 11.63. The index is at 1,618.51. Turnover 57,540.88 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 7, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 11.63 percent. The index was at 1,618.51. The index peaked at 1,624.78. The index is at a low of 1,612.80. The turnover was 57,540.88 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. True Corporation Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
BAY acquires Nomura Pattanasin and changes its name to "Krungsri Pattanasin Asset Management"|Krungsri successfully completed the acquisition. Nomura Securities Company changed its name to Krungsri Securities Company on March 7, 2023. Akita The President and Chief Executive Officer of Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited (BAY) said that Bank of Ayudhya has acquired 99.1% of the registered capital of Nomura Securities Public Company Limited (CNS) from Nomura Asia Investment (Singapore) Pte. THE ACQUISITION WAS CARRIED OUT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGREEMENT ANNOUNCED ON JUNE 30, 2022, AND RESULTED IN CNS BEING RENAMED TO KRUNGSRI PATTANASIN SECURITIES PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED OR KCS AND BECOMING A SUBSIDIARY OF KRUNGSRI GROUP SPONSORED. We would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved for making this acquisition a success, as well as welcome to the management team and employees of KCS. As a new member of Krungsri Group, we will combine our expertise and capabilities to strengthen Krungsri's securities business and continuously elevate Krungsri as a Trusted Partner.
"Oil prices" tomorrow Gasohol of all kinds up 50 st. Diesel remains the same.|This evening, stop by. Tomorrow announced the adjustment of "oil prices". Gasohol of all kinds up 50 sat. As for the diesel group, the price remained the same on March 7, 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price hike of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products except Hi Premium Diesel by 40 satang/litre. As for the "diesel" group, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on March 8, 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.85 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.58 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.99 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
State Welfare Card 2022 New Poor Card How many baht is the limit? How much does it cost to pay for water and electricity?|Check here State Welfare Card 2022 New Poor Card Qualified Candidates How many baht can I get to verify my identity? How much is water and electricity on March 7, 2023? Reporters report on the progress of identity verification of those who have passed the eligibility criteria under the State Welfare Registration Program. In 2022, at 2:00 p.m. today, there are qualified candidates who have successfully verified their identity. A total of 2,742,919 cases, with some people failing to verify their identity due to failed id card status verification, in which case, those who failed to verify their identity can check and correct their information at the district office or Bangkok district office. Request to resume verification In addition, unsuccessful authentication may be caused by a failed face comparison. Please contact Krungthai Bank to continue verifying your identity in accordance with Krungthai Bank's procedures for the new Pracharath Welfare Proposal allocated to those who have passed the eligibility check under the State Welfare Card 2022 program as follows: 1. Limit on the purchase of essential consumer goods Educational products and agricultural raw materials from low-cost Thong Fah stores to develop the local economy and other stores as specified by the Ministry of Commerce at 300 baht per person per month2. The discount limit for purchasing LPG from stores as specified by the Ministry of Energy is 80 baht per person per 3 months3. The limit includes transportation via public transport. 750 BAHT PER PERSON PER MONTH, WHICH CAN BE USED WITH 8 TYPES OF TRANSPORTATION INCLUDING SPONSORED4. Measures to relieve the burden of electricity bills, subsidizing electricity bills of 315 baht per household per month. In case of exceeding the specified electricity limit, the eligible state welfare card holder (the cardholder) will be responsible for all electricity bills.5. Measures to relieve the burden of water bills Subsidize the water bill of 100 baht per household per month. In case of using tap water more than 100 baht but not exceeding 315 baht, the cardholder who is entitled to use the privileged card will still receive support in the amount of 100 baht and will have to pay the excess of 100 baht by himself. For measures to relieve the burden of electricity and water bills. The Ministry of Finance by the Comptroller's Department will pay the service fees that the cardholders who are entitled to use the service according to the conditions specified by the 5 service providers, namely the Metropolitan Electricity Authority Office, the Provincial Electricity Authority, the Electricity Authority, the Navy Concession Welfare, the Metropolitan WaterWorks Authority, and the Regional WaterWorks Office. Cardholders who wish to receive the right to the measures to relieve the burden on electricity and water bills must register through such service providers before the exercise begins, and the Ministry of Finance will announce the registration opening date. Registrants can follow the news and details of the 2022 project on the website or https://welfare.mof.go.th read related news.
What happened to Silvergate, the cryptocurrency giant? Heavy crises Risk of bankruptcy|It's big news for the crypto industry again. Silvergate bank case reveals big, inflamed wound Earlier in Q4/2022, Silvergate faced a rush to sell more than $5.2 billion worth of securities and realized a loss of over $718 million, and in its financial statements had an initial net loss of $948.7 million. Compared to a net profit of $75.5 million. In 2021, though, late last year. What Silvergate faced with losses was not from its core business, but as a result of the sale of pre-maturity bonds, but it is undeniable that the impact has spread to its core business as well. Partners immediately clarified and announced the downgrade of business relations. Led by Coinbase, Microstrategy, Paxos, Tether, Circle, Crypto.com and Bitstamp, so as not to compromise the company's confidence until last Friday, Silvergate announced the termination of its main product Silvergate Exchange Network (SEN), a payment network primarily used by crypto companies. It is an important access point for both large trading boards. To help customers top up their accounts with dollar-pegged stablecoins, which transmit money in real-time, crypto companies use the network with more than 1,620 customers and more than $117 billion in remittance transaction volumes. Earlier this year, both the Federal Reserve (FED), the Deposit Insurance Institute (FDIC) and the U.S. Bureau of Currency Controllers (OCC) issued a joint statement warning banks about the liquidity risks posed by providing digital asset services. At the same time, Moody's, a credit rating agency, announced the downgrade of Silvergate's credit rating due to its inability to meet certain liquidity requirements, as well as flaws in the bank's risk management and ability to respond appropriately to sudden changes to the bank's specific business model.Reference Forbes, BlockFi, Reuters
Economy recovers, but world gets sicker, IEA says emerging Asian economies dominate carbon emissions|The International Energy Agency (IEA) reports a new record global carbon dioxide emissions in 2022, an increase of 36.8 billion metric tons, or 0.9%, from last year. The main proportion of carbon comes from fuel combustion and increased electricity generation due to the recovery in the business sector after the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, emerging economies are the number one emitters in the carbon emissions of emerging economies in Asia. It increased by 4.2%, with a proportion of electricity generation and heat from coal-fired combustion. In 2021, the Asia-Pacific region emitted 17.74 billion metric tons of CO2, which is 5% more than the total emissions of other regions in 2020, with China alone accounting for 60% of the region and 31% of the world. This is up from pre-COVID lows. As a result, the level of combustion from oil increased by 2.5%, followed by coal-fired pollution by 1.6%, and pollution from industrial processes decreased due to the slowdown in the manufacturing sector and energy control measures in the industrial sector. In Europe and China, in particular, they fell by 2.5% and 0.2%, respectively. MEANWHILE, THE U.S. SAW A 0.8% INCREASE IN DEMAND FOR ELECTRICITY FROM BUILDINGS AS IT BATTLED A SURGE IN HEAT WAVES. This has led to a reduction in annual pollution for the first time since the structural reform of greenhouse gas emissions in 2015, and has resulted in a reduction in industrial emissions around the world. This year's greenhouse gas emissions rate is lower than expected. With the growth of 'clean and renewable energy', especially solar and wind, which can meet the growing demand for electricity worldwide by 90%, reducing greenhouse gas emissions by more than 550 million tons. Otherwise, carbon emissions will almost triple year-on-year compared to that. Tight energy supply caused by the Russo-Ukrainian War It has also urged many countries to increase their adoption of renewable energy to reduce their dependence on Russian oil, however, the IEA report makes it clear that last year global fossil fuel companies generated record revenues. Meanwhile, the world's climate goals are not being driven. Therefore, such companies must review their strategies and take collective responsibility for environmental measures to continue to be meaningful. Reference : IEA
The appeal process, poor card, state welfare card 2023 did not meet the criteria.|Check eligibility State Welfare Card 2023 or New Poor Card On March 7, 2023, it was reported that from the announcement of the results of the eligibility consideration of the enrollees in the State Welfare Registration Program 2023. On March 1, 2023, it was found that registrants who did not meet the eligibility criteria can apply for appeal from March 1 to May 1, 2023 (62 days)1. APPEAL IN PERSON VIA THE WEBSITE https:// STATE WELFARE CARD.mof.go.th OR https://welfare.mof.go.th FROM 06.00 A.M. TO 11.00 P.M. DAILY WITH THE FOLLOWING STEPS: SPONSORED2. Appeal the result of the qualification through the 7 registration agencies, namely Government Savings Bank, Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited. Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives, Provincial Treasury Offices in all provinces, district governors of all districts According to the business days and hours of each agency, the registration agency staff shall submit an appeal against the result of the eligibility consideration, which the non-qualified applicant must present his/her id card to the registration agency staff before filing an appeal when the registrant who does not meet the eligibility criteria has already submitted an appeal through the website or through the registration agency. If you wish to request verification and/or correction of the information, please contact the qualification agency where the registrant does not meet the eligibility criteria by himself or in accordance with the conditions specified by the qualification agency to request for improvement or correction of the information in case the information is inaccurate. This must be completed by May 1, 2023 for persons with disabilities. Bedridden patients or elderly people who are unable to come to check their rights and/or appeal on their own can authorize others to conduct rights checks and/or appeals by preparing the following documents: 1. Copy of id card of the registrant with a signature to ensure its authenticity 2. Power of attorney (can be downloaded on the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th 3. Copy of id card of the authorized person with a signature to ensure its authenticity 4. A copy of the disability id card with a signed copy (if any) or a medical certificate (if any). If you wish to request verification and/or correction of the information, please contact the qualification agency where the registrant does not meet the eligibility criteria by himself or in accordance with the conditions specified by the qualification agency to request for improvement or correction of the information in case the information is inaccurate. This must be completed by May 1, 2023. For information and project details For more information, please visit the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th Read related newsSPONSORED
ZEN sets 2023 revenue to reach 4.5 billion Expand your marketing career Add sales channels|ZEN Group aims to generate 4.5 billion baht in revenue by 2023 Prepare to expand both domestically and internationally. Along with increasing distribution channels in the retail business, Mr. Boonyong Tansakul The Chief Executive Officer of ZEN Corporation Group Public Company Limited (ZEN) said: Zen Group's business can grow as targeted. It earned 3,413 million baht. And we made a profit of 154 million baht. The restaurant business is considered to be the core business of Zen Group. Over 70% of total business Over the course of its 32-year history, there are now more than 10 brands of restaurants. In total, we have more than 345 branches, of which in 2022 we have expanded to more than 45 branches, both self-invested and franchised, covering Thailand and abroad. To highlight the revenue and profitability of existing branches. The company has expanded its business model to more than 90 branches by 2023, both self-invested and franchised, and focused on hot marketing. In 2023, the proportion of revenue from each zen group business will be divided into revenue from restaurant business 74%, franchise business 7%, retail food business 13%, food delivery and e-commerce business 6%. "SPONSORED, Mr. Preed Suvimolteerarat, Deputy Chief Restaurant Group Officer, ZEN Corporation Group Public Company Limited, said: "Zen Group's restaurant business strategy is a great opportunity. As part of its 2022 expansion strategy, the Company has implemented a growth strategy by opening branches in new areas, focusing on expanding to new waters such as upcountry areas. Major and secondary cities that the company has never been to. As a result, more than half of the total number of branches opened in the previous year were expanded. In addition, the company has expanded the use of quality raw materials with certain brands to all brands in the group, allowing the company to better manage the cost of products in terms of procurement, planning and branch management more efficiently. In 2023, the company plans to expand its restaurant branches in the same direction as last year, along with the use of efficient technology to help develop the in-store system and increase convenience for customers. Painter, Deputy Chief Marketing Officer Zen Corporation Group Public Company Limited said that this year, it aims to expand its customer base in all dimensions in order to be in line with the expansion of both Japanese brands, Thai brands and franchises with insightful marketing strategies. We draw insights into both sales data and consumer behavior analysis. Until we develop into new products and services such as Zen Restaurant, aiming to expand to the working group with various needs by issuing a good quality lunch set menu that meets the needs both in terms of menu mix that can be delicious 2 menus in 1 set, the quantity that can be satisfied and the price is accessible. We studied every aspect of customer behavior, including the opportunity to eat and the timing of eating, until we saw a business opportunity to expand each brand. We believe that general awareness is not enough. Nowadays, we have to compete with a wide variety of content in the hands of consumers. Call Attention with Engagement is an important strategy for communication, but it must also call consumers to look empathetic to them."We focus on communicating and creating awareness to reach the right lifestyle, including creating a brand that lives up to life, has outstanding character, but continues to strengthen the quality control of ingredients, food flavors and services to create brand recognition as the Top of Mind in the target audience." Chatchawan Deputy Chief Business Officer of Thai Brand Business, ZEN Corporation Group Public Company Limited, said that ZEN Group has prepared plans to expand its customer base and look for new markets. Push brand Chopping boards and cutting boards Strengthening key markets in ASEAN Such as Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, as well as creating growth opportunities with new markets to cover Asian countries such as South Korea, etc. It is expected that in 2023, it will be able to expand the franchise business to meet the target. The other part is to focus on selling raw materials to franchisees in order to create the same standard in all branches. Has pulled King Marine Foods and Zen & Kosum Interfoods. Strengthening the portfolio of the chain food business has helped generate quite a bit of revenue for the company in the past year. This year, the company plans to accelerate retail food sales to meet its targets, expand distribution channels and distribution centers in the Northeast, and improve factories and warehouses to meet the sales growth achieved by investing in the above two companies. As a result, the retail food business is one of the businesses that helps generate sales and reduce the cost of raw materials for the business as well. Zen Group is still looking for opportunities to invest in new businesses that are attractive and provide a good return on rate. To further strengthen the group's food business portfolio.
The Cabinet has filled 80 billion through the budget. Reduce taxes The Minister plans to spend in advance to deal with the dissolution of parliament.|The Cabinet approved projects that required money and commitment to the next government before the dissolution of parliament, totaling 80,395 million baht. The central budget is 12,242 million baht. Additional Statements 13,081 And tax exemption resulted in a loss of 55,072 million baht in revenue, reporters reported from Government House that the Cabinet meeting on March 7, 2022. Approved various projects related to the budget limit totaling 68,652 million baht. Because it is late, the government must hasten to approve it. The acting government will not be able to approve the use of the budget bound to the next government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister has said that there will be a meeting. Before the dissolution of parliament, this approval consisted of 3 parts: 1. Central budget. Emergency or necessary expenses 12,242 million baht Consists of 3,191 million baht approved The Metropolitan Electricity Authority and the Provincial Electricity Authority are the monthly electricity bills. Jan-Apr 2023 To provide a discount on electricity tariffs for residential electricity users who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month, with a limit of 517 million baht for the Metropolitan Electricity Authority and 2,673 million baht for the Provincial Electricity Authority. To mitigate the impact of reducing the cost of living for vulnerable electricity users. BCG Model has approved a project to reduce the cost of green rice production with a limit of 874 million baht. To cover the cost of providing inputs and agricultural machinery according to the demand plan of 292 community rice centers, the target area is 58,400 rai and the service area is 60 million rai. At the time of approval, the credit limit was 8,171 million baht. For construction/renovation Repair roads, water reservoirs or other public benefits under the responsibility of local administrative organizations, which have been damaged by public disasters in 2,765 projects in 67 provinces. The City Council, Sub-District Municipality and SPONSORED 2.The Cabinet approved the preparation of an additional budget in 2024 for the Ministry of Public Health of 13,081 million baht. To increase sick pay for village health volunteers and Bangkok Public Health Volunteers From 1,000 baht per person per month to 2,000 baht per month Starting on October 1, 2023 or starting at the beginning of fiscal year 2024, the budget will be increased by 13,081 million baht.3.Approvals that result in the government losing revenue have 4 matters, totaling 55,072 million baht. and fuel oil used to generate electricity for the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) to reduce production costs. During the period of high fuel prices for another 6 months (March 16-September 15, 2023), a total loss of 8,050 million baht in revenue was approved. The Act exempts corporate income tax and value added tax to a company or corporate partnership for income and value of the tax base (sales revenue minus costs). From raising funds through the proposed sale of digital tokens to the public (ICO) and exemption from VAT, the transfer of digital tokens for investment has been done from May 14, 2018 onwards by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It is expected that during 2023-2024, digital tokens worth a total of 128 billion baht will be issued and offered. Corporate income tax of 25,600 million baht VAT 8,960 million baht As a result, the state lost 35,279 million baht in revenue. The Act exempts corporate income for subsidies based on measures to support the use of electric vehicles and types of cars and motorcycles. For the income of companies or partnerships that receive subsidies from the state according to such measures, it is exempt income without having to calculate the net profit for corporate income tax, which the Treasury estimates from the payment of subsidies under such measures from 2022-2025, totaling 43 billion baht. Corporate income tax revenue will be lost 8,600 million baht. Meanwhile, customs duty exemption for electric vehicle parts or battery-electric vessels is 9 items from the effective date of this announcement until December 31, 2025. It is estimated that the state may lose an average of 3,143 million baht per year in import duty revenue.
inflation February fell to a 13-month low. Spend woozy.|Mr. Poonpong Nainapakorn The Director general of the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy revealed that the consumer price index (headline inflation) in February 2023 was 108.05 compared to January 2023, down 0.12%. February 2022 rose 3.79%, slowing for the second consecutive month and reaching a 13-month low, mainly due to a slowdown in fuel prices. Some types of food, especially ready-to-eat and fresh food, together with the price base used to calculate monthly inflation. The 2-month average currency index (Jan-Feb) of 2023 increased by 4.40% compared to the same period in 2022, while core inflation, excluding fresh food and energy, stood at 104.17, up 0.11% compared to January 2023 and up 1.93% month-on-month. Feb 65 Mr. Vijayan Niwatjinda Deputy Director He said the upcoming general elections will bring a lot of money into the economy by products that will benefit in the manufacturing sector, such as printing pamphlets, flyers, campaign posters, or perhaps building materials, wood used to make campaign signs. The most productive segments will be food and beverages, and household expenditure is expected in November. March-April 2023 during the election campaign may increase slightly from February 2023, when households spent 18,168 baht"THE ELECTION WILL DEFINITELY CAUSE INFLATION TO RISE BECAUSE IT WILL CAUSE A LOT OF MONEY TO ENTER THE SYSTEM. When we forecast inflation for the whole year 2023, which is expected to expand in the range of 2-3%, the electoral factors have already been included. However, inflation is expected in March 2023. There will be a slowdown in the price of many fresh food products that are expected to continue to decline and the retail price of oil in the country that is likely to slow down in line with world oil prices."
Buying 80 tickets in combination may be risky to raise money.|Mr. Thanawat Polvichai The director and spokesperson of the Government Lottery Commission said there were concerns that the government lottery would not be able to win the lottery with the 80 lottery project stamped on it. If you do not buy directly from the shop in the Lottery 80 project directly, the Lottery Office would like to clarify the case of those who hold the 80 Baht lottery ticket but do not buy directly from the store that they are still eligible to claim the prize. However, buyers may not be at risk of winning. If someone buys tickets directly from the store for 80 baht, they must report or suspend by going to judge the right and wrong. If you don't buy it from a point of sale but have a stamp, you'll see who the ticket was sold to. If the prize is awarded and the notice is suspended, it must be investigated further who the first buyer is and the first buyer will be entitled to the prize. Therefore, we would like to campaign to buy lotteries directly from 80 stores only. Do not buy from merchants who have bundled or oversold them. To prevent the problem of subsequent prize increases." At present, lottery 80 has 1,047 points of sale and 2.5 million tickets to increase the chances of buyers having access to 80 baht tickets. The numbers stamped on the first set of tickets represent provincial numbers. The next set represents the district, and the last set of numbers represents the area where it was sold. While the penalty for the offence of shops belonging to the Lottery 80 program, if it is subsold or oversold, will be punished with disqualification from the program for life. PEOPLE WHO BUY 80 LOTTERY TICKETS FOR RESALE OVER THE PRICE ARE LIABLE TO A FINE OF UP TO 10,000 BAHT PER TIME. 6 (L6) and 3-digit lottery (N3) that they expect to propose to the Cabinet (Cabinet) for approval next week, when the Cabinet approves, will set the details again, especially N3, which needs to review the selling price in accordance with the market in order to draw money from the underground lottery. Originally set at 50 baht.
Green Light Minister, Bank of Thailand Control Leasing Set the iron rule "Car and motorcycle hire purchase loan"|Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy It was revealed that the Cabinet meeting approved the Bank of Thailand (BOT). Establish guidelines for regulating the leasing and leasing of cars and motorcycles. By approving the draft decree requiring that certain types of financial businesses be subject to the Act (Act). Financial Institutions Business B.E. 2551 B.E. 2551 (2008) to supervise the leasing and leasing business of cars and motorcycles, as it currently serves the wider public, with transactions reaching 12.4% of household debt and continuing to grow. Moreover, one-third of transactions are provided by business operators who do not have a specific regulatory body." Complaints about the use of car and motorcycle leasing services are steadily increasing. Therefore, giving The Bot will ensure that people receive fair financial services, not be deceived, forced, disturbed or exploited, and transparently disclosed information sufficient to make decisions about accessing financial products and services at an affordable price. And it does not encourage consumers to incur excessive debt." The decree will cover business operators with juristic person status but not including those who already have regulatory authorities, such as financial institutions, specialized financial institutions, cooperatives, etc., and the supervision of leasing business operators will not overlap with the supervision of car and motorcycle leasing transactions of the Office of the Consumer Protection Commission (OCC), which still has consumer protection powers and sets standard contracts.
NSC Invite 7 financial institutions to submit loan proposals, oil fund to borrow 80 billion baht|Mr. Wisak Wattanasamon Director of The Fuel Fund Office (NBTC) It said this week that the NBTC will propose to the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund (NBF). Consider applying for a loan from a financial institution with a limit of 80,000 million baht. In order to repay the original debt of the fund By gradually applying for a loan in installments Which is open to many financial institutions to offer interest rates and various conditions. As of March 5, the oil fund position was negative 101,686 million baht. Oil accounts were negative 55,468 million baht and LPG accounts were negative 46,218 million baht. Siam Commercial Bank Co., Ltd., Bank of Ayudhya Co., Ltd., TMB Thanachart Bank or TTB and Bangkok Bank Co., Ltd. offered 80,000 million baht in loans to the fund. According to the Office of Public Debt Management (NESDB), additional loans have been provided to additional funds. From the original loan of 30,000 million baht. As a result, the loan amount approved by the Cabinet of Ministers totaled 110,000 million baht. The first round may start borrowing in the amount of 5,000-10,000 million baht. Recently, there have been financial institutions interested in lending, but there are also concerns, such as when the oil fund will repay the debt.
Landslides are not easy, government is definitely mixed.|Mr. Pichet Sittinuay Managing Director, Bualuang Asset Management The company said it aims to open 30,000-40,000 new trading accounts from the company's current 640,000 individual clients, up from 3.4 million or 2.4 million in total. In 2012, the company has a market share or a share of 4.7% of the total turnover, with a share of brokerage revenue accounting for 10% of the total market, while investment banking this year will bring 3-4 companies to the SET in the food, automobile and health industries. Trading volumes are expected to decline from the previous year due to concerns over the global recession and U.S. interest rate hikes, as well as businessmen who have focused on investing in the stock market. Having to go back to business may cause to stop or slow down trading. managing director Bualuang Securities Trading Division said that the outlook for the Thai stock market this year The research department lowered its forecast to 1,720 points from 1,830 points due to poor profit from listed companies in 4Q22. Domestic elections are still to be monitored. It looks like investors want to see it. A stable government and a fast government formation Initially, the results of the election were expected to be multi-party coalition government, rather than a landslides leading to the formation of a one-party government.
"We travel together."|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) "We Travel Together" Phase 5 project that started The first day of booking is March 7, 2023. There is an exercise rate of about 300 rights per minute, indicating the need to travel during this 1-2 months because people have already paid more than 270 million baht for bookings. In just a few hours. It must be admitted that the acquisition of rights in this phase was earlier than expected. In addition to discounts, it is likely that tourists are afraid of losing the opportunity to travel during Songkran and return to their homeland after the COVID-19 situation has eased. however TAT will work with the area to solve the dust problem during the festive season while promoting self-care. Without cancelling or postponing the trip. We Travel Together Project The first phase begins in November 2020. July 2020 to stimulate shopping in the country during covid-19 control measures. As a result, there are restrictions on the entry and exit of foreign tourists. The five phases are expected to generate 58,621 million baht in direct economic turnover. In the first four phases of 2020-2022, 11.5 million rooms were available. Phase 5, which ended on April 30, has 560,000 rooms and is expected to generate direct revenue of 9,205 million baht. The reporter reported that the number of bookings we traveled together. Phase 5: 560,000 rights per room from 10 March to 30 April 2023 until 16:00 on 7 March 2023 REMAINING 318,563 RIGHTS/ROOM.SPONSORED
"Samania Plaza", China Wholesale Center, Non-Alien "Cheung Fong Oh" is Thai.|Check "Samania Plaza", a Chinese wholesale-retail mega center, is a Thai company, not a foreigner. Thai businesses fear that they may import Chinese products to hit the market. Thailand has to use other laws to carry out the inspections of Chinese nominees in Chinatown-Huai Khwang area. Some have suspicions of sending DSI to Mr. Painter Wongkhetkorn, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Business Development. It disclosed that an importer from China had requested an audit of the business operations of the Samania project. Plaza, a retail center for wholesale and distribution of cheap Chinese products in Bangna, may not be legal, affecting Thai businesses and is also a phenomenon that has hit the Thai product market as a result of the government's policy to attract e-commerce investment from China. Found business in the Samania network. There are 3 juristic persons registered, namely Samania Bangna 02 Co., Ltd., Samania Bangna Co., Ltd., and Samania Holdings (Thailand) Co., Ltd., all of which have the status of Thai juristic persons. The said person is a Thai national, has a Thai ID card, and whose mother is a Thai sponsor, and the shareholders of 3 juristic persons have Thai nationality, so these 3 companies do not have the status of aliens according to the Alien Business Act B.E. 2542"When they have the status of a Thai juristic person, they can do business in Thailand like other Thais. There are no restrictions, no need to apply for permission like an alien to do business in the account attached to 3 of the Alien Business Act. Permission from the Foreign Business Committee first. In case the business sector fears that it may import products from China that hit the Thai market, it is a matter of other laws to consider "for considering allowing foreigners to invest in business in Thailand." The Department, as secretary of the Alien Business Commission, confirmed that the The permit will take into account the good and bad effects on national security. The country's economic and social development, employment, technology transfer, which in the past allowed businesses would be businesses that correspond to the development of the country's infrastructure. The government's investment promotion policy and support businesses related to the country's target industries, including strategies to drive the economy with digital technology. Allowing foreign investors to do business in Thailand will be a good consideration. The negative impact of the business that investors will operate on the country as a whole is important and does not discriminate against which country the investor belongs to. Thai entrepreneurs must also benefit. There is no particular benefit to any one nation. Investors from all countries must comply with the laws and investment conditions set forth. For the year 2022, the top five countries that invested were Japan, Singapore, the U.S., Hong Kong and China. In tourism-related businesses such as restaurants in Chinatown and Huai Khwang, many have now been investigated. However, if the investigation is not within the department's authority, the case will be forwarded to partner agencies such as the Department of Special Investigation (DSI). (Thanks to illustrations from: https://www.facebook.com/SamaneaTH)
Catch 3 signs pump stocks profit is surging after unlocking market value|Gas station stocks are back in full swing. When the Energy Policy Committee recently approved the market adjustment of finished oil products. Return to normal levels of around 2.00 baht/litre. As a result, the market value recovered strongly in 1Q23 and now (March 1-7, 2023), the market value has risen to an average of 2.08 baht, based on the fuel price structure. Office of Energy Policy and Planning Ministry of Energy From the previous year's average of 1.78 baht, which directly affected the profit of the pump group, currently, there are 5 companies operating gas stations listed on the stock exchange: 1. PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR), 2. PTG Public Company Limited (PTTG). 3.Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited or BCP, 4.Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited or ESSO, and 5.Susco Public Company Limited or SUSCO, Bualuang Asset Management. According to the analysis, this policy will result in an increase in the marketing cost for diesel fuel by about 0.60 baht/litre from 1.40 baht/litre. Meanwhile, the marketing cost of solene gas will decrease by 0.90-1.20 baht/litre. According to EPPO, the average market value of gasoline, gasohol and diesel increased to 2.14 baht/litre in March from 2.02 baht/litre. In November 2016, Meanwhile, the average marketing cost of diesel increased to 1.70 baht/litre in March from 1.41 baht/litre. In November 2016, Therefore, it is considered that the shares of PTT Oil and Retail Public Company Limited (OR) should benefit from the policy adjustment because the company has diesel sales volume (representing 47% of total sales volume and 60% of retail oil volume) rather than gasoline sales volume (24% of total sales volume and 40% of retail oil volume). Therefore, it is expected that the gross profit from OR's oil business will increase from 4Q22 to 0.80-1.00 baht/litre. In 1Q23, however, the worst quarter of OR has passed. The V-Shape pattern will support the share price to rise, while the present value remains attractive, trading at a P/E of 2023 at only 18.1 times, the lowest since the IPO suggested "buy" at the base target price of 34.00 baht. February onwards could ease downside price pressure and open up upside opportunities for gas station stocks. PTG Energy Public Company Limited (PTG) will also benefit from this event, seeing that the overall results of 1Q23 of PTG may continue to face pressure on the oil market in the first 45 days of the expected quarter, and the share of losses from the palm complex should continue, but the weight of 2Q23 results should be likely to return to normal. Last February, it maintained the "Trading Buy" recommendation at the target price of 17.00 baht, which if the situation of marketing value improved sequentially and the palm complex business gradually improved. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited (BCP) will benefit from the government's recovery in diesel marketing costs as well, as well as maintain the "buy" recommendation at the target price of 52.50 baht due to positive factors this year, including the recovery of earnings in the first half of the year, as well as the progress of ESSO acquisitions in 3Q23, resulting in a profit recovery from ESSO's support in 4Q23.
Bangkok Bank provides L/C on Blockchain service via Contour.|Bangkok Bank Expanding L/C on Blockchain service through a full-fledged contour to the oil and gas industry, the first of its kind in Thailand, and joining hands with Bangchak to continuously cut new service ribbons with foreign partners. Reduce the business time from 3 days to no more than 3 hours. Bangkok Bank's Executive Vice President said that the Bank has launched L/C on Blockchain, an innovation that makes trade finance services easier and more efficient. This is the first full-scale service in Thailand. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited has opted for L/C on Blockchain service with Bangkok Bank to open L/C to its overseas partner banks. The transaction is scheduled to continue. Starting from February onwards. The transaction is also Bangkok Bank's first L/C on Blockchain to serve businesses in the oil and gas industry. This is another very important milestone for the development of Trade Finance services by bringing next-generation technology to support faster and more efficient work. The service will be conducted digitally throughout the sponsored process without paper-based procedures and reduces the duration of L/C transactions from 3 days to no more than 3 hours. The company has been involved in the development of such services since 2019, as well as the launch of the cross-bank L/C on Blockchain transaction service on the Contour Network to 3 key customers in early 2021. Contour currently has approximately 20 banks covering more than 50 countries around the world, including Europe, America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific. This allows all partners to see the information at the same time, thus making transactions quickly. Transparency and significantly lower processing costs than using documents in their original format. In line with the current and future international trade situation, it is necessary to be fast and secure transactions. Our continued dedication to financial technology development over the years has proven that we can apply technology to financial services. This has completely revolutionized the traditional trade finance service model by Bangkok Bank. We are confident that with our experience, we have continuously contributed to the development of this service. It will be an important part of enhancing Bangkok Bank's trade finance services to be stronger today. Meet the needs of both business customers and business partners located abroad to have a higher competitiveness in the global market. Chinkulkitniwat Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited's Executive Vice President, Accounting and Finance Group, said that the use of blockchain technology to enhance the L/C transaction process for Bangchak's international trade is another important step for Bangchak in increasing the efficiency of its operations. Bangkok Bank's collaboration with Bangkok Bank to implement blockchain technology in electronic Letter of Credit (L/C) transactions through Contour, a leading platform provider with international security standards, is another step towards clearly improving Bangchak's international trade transactions. Companies that are partners in international trade transactions can clearly verify the details of the transaction. Be transparent.
Bangkok Bank expands blockchain credit instrument service to oil and gas business for the first time in Thailand|Another important step in international trade. Bangkok Bank Expand services and credit instruments through blockchain to oil and gas business Bangchak, the first customer, reduced the transaction time from 3 days to 3 hours. Executive Vice President, Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited The Bank has launched L/C on Blockchain, an innovation that makes trade finance services easier and more efficient. It is the first fully operational facility in Thailand. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited has opted for L/C on Blockchain service with Bangkok Bank to open L/C to its overseas partner banks. The transaction is scheduled to continue. The transaction will also be Bangkok Bank's first L/C on Blockchain to provide services to businesses in the oil and gas industry. The service uses the technology of 'Contour', a global provider of digital commercial finance services, which Bangkok Bank is the first Thai bank and the only bank to join the world's leading banks and partner organizations. The company has been involved in the development of the service since 2019, as well as the launch of a cross-bank L/C on Blockchain transaction service on Contour Network for three key customers in early 2021. This will lead to the full commercialization of commercial services (the service is regulated under the Bank's Sandbox Policy) in November 2021. Contour currently has approximately 20 participating banks covering more than 50 countries around the world, including Europe, America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific. This allows all partners to see the information at the same time, thus making transactions quickly. Transparency and significantly lower processing costs than using documents in their original format. In line with the current and future international trade situation, it is necessary to be fast and conduct transactions safely.
Thai stocks today, March 8, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 8.26 points, the index was at 1,610 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 8.26 to 1,610.25. Turnover 30,400.15 On March 8, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index fell 8.26, a change of -0.51%. The index is at 1,610.25. The turnover was 30,400.15 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 3. Banpu Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 8 Mar 2023 Open Wednesday Morning Price Fall 50 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Wednesday morning, March 8, 2023, down 50 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,150 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,650 baht per baht. Baht day 8 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.26 a.m., the price dropped by 50 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" being purchased at 30,050 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" buys 29,516.52 baht per baht, sells out 30,000 baht. 650 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 15,025 baht sell out 15,075 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 14,758.26 baht sell out 15,325 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion buy 7,512.5 baht sell out 7,537.5 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,379.13 baht sell out 7,662.5 baht sponsored gold bullion today 1/2 slueng buy 3,756.25 baht sell out 3,768.75 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,756.25 baht sell out 3,768.75 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,831.25 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
We traveled together in Phase 5, the hotel took advantage of the price increase.|Social hashtags #เราเที่ยวด้วยกันเฟส5 On March 8, 2023, officials reported that the government had implemented measures to support domestic tourism through the We Travel Together program. Phase 5 on March 7, 2023 was the first day that the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) opened the system to process accommodation bookings. On the first day of the day, from 06.00-23.00 hrs. Out of the total 5.6 lakh project rights, It has been found that in the online world, there is a hashtag. #เราเที่ยวด้วยกัน and #เราเที่ยวด้วยกันเฟส5 MANY CLAIMED THAT SOME HOTELS TOOK ADVANTAGE OF THE PRICE HIKE TO BE TOO EXPENSIVE, FOR EXAMPLE, FROM 8,000 BAHT PER NIGHT TO 15,000 BAHT PER NIGHT.
Salesforce puts ChatGPT in Slack launches Einstein GPT, the world's first AI-powered CRM system|Salesforce, the world's leading customer relationship management platform, commonly known as CRM, launched Einstein GPT. The world's first CRM software powered by Generative AI, with OpenAI's GPT-Model as the main powerhouse for sales and customer data management. EinsteinGPT will also be integrated into the company's entire cloud, including Salesforce-owned Tableau, Slack, and MuleSoft programs. Salesforce's original data processing model, Einstein, combined with the GPT-Model language model, has the potential to process languages and create advanced text that will support intelligent customer service in all dimensions. CREATE OPPORTUNITIES AND IMPROVE CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT. Auto-generate sales: The system will write emails to send to customers, schedule meetings, etc. Create specific responses to answer specific questions. Create targeted articles or content across channels. For those familiar with on-premises chat applications like Slack, you'll find chatGPT chatbot capabilities that help you conclude conversations and quickly draft customer or team responses. You can also search for topics or request information associated with software in the ecosystem. Salesforce is another software leader that has been developing AI for more than 8 years and is used to trend data to predict CRM on a large scale. Salesforce Ventures, the company's investment agency, has launched a $250 million ($8.7 billion) Generative AI fund to develop AI technology and invest in high-potential startups. Reference Salesforce , ChatGPT for Slack
Lotus elevates more than 100 entrepreneurs to teach SMEs to franchisees|Lotus and PMG organized a special course to teach SMEs to franchisees nationwide. Ms. Benjawan Ongsri, Executive Director of Shopping Center and Rental Space, Lotus, said that Lotus aims to continue to be a platform of opportunity for SMEs by supporting more than 2,300 Lotus rental spaces nationwide and online channels. One of the strategies for growing and expanding the business of small entrepreneurs with strong brands and potential is to develop franchises to further business growth and expand opportunities to reach the customer base. Lotus co-designed a special course with PMG to help develop and support SME entrepreneurs on an anniversary basis, including educating, supporting sales areas, and allocating financing. Create a business network of SME entrepreneurs by providing an in-depth course on franchising to educate lotus small entrepreneurs to understand and develop the franchise system. Sponsored by entrepreneurs who can apply their knowledge and experience, not just lotus sales. But they can also be used to expand their own business. We also partnered with SME D Bank to provide knowledge on preparing for financing, providing advice on credit bureau management and credit services to participating entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs who pass the exam will have the opportunity to participate in booths at SMART SME Expo and other activities of Lotus and Charoen Pokphand Group through CP Seeding Social Impact. It's also a great opportunity to meet other entrepreneurs to build a business network to grow together. Lotus’s SMART SME Those interested in participating can ask for more information at Tel. 088-452-4373 and 094-983-9650 or apply on the http://bit.ly/3kDCJaG website from today onwards.
Approved first project in Asia Carbon Credit Exchange EV Bus|EA welcomes EV Bus Carbon Credit Exchange Program Between Thailand and the Swiss Confederation The first project in Asia has been approved by the "Kilk Foundation" with financial support for the purchase of carbon credits. Director of Strategic Development and Investment Planning Pure Energy Public Company Limited (EA) has revealed that the carbon credit exchange program Under the Paris Article 6 agreement, EV buses are among the world's first projects and the first in Asia. EA is committed to being a leader in promoting international cooperation in environmental protection. The project's progress will support the transition to a carbon-free economy and stimulate a positive atmosphere for the private sector. Mr. Michael Brennwald, Head International, Kilk Foundation, said the project is a pilot project to support sustainable environmental protection activities. The exchange of carbon credits through Article 6 is actively developed by all sectors. We are also looking for opportunities to cooperate with the private sector in Thailand and neighboring countries. IN ORDER TO CREATE A PROJECT IN INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION WITH SWITZERLAND, SPONSORED FOR THE EV BUS CARBON CREDIT EXCHANGE PROGRAM. It is the first international project in collaboration between Thailand and Switzerland. Under the Paris Agreement Article 6, the Kilk Foundation is the financial sponsor. Pure Energy Public Company Limited and South Pole To develop a project to promote the use of clean energy in electric buses to replace the use of conventional fuels that are NGV gas or diesel fuel. At the same time, this project will help expand the electric vehicle charging system to be distributed around the Bangkok area. By EA and Kilk Foundation The carbon credit purchase agreement was signed on June 24, 2022. International cooperation under Article 6 of the Paris Agreement was signed on June 24, 2022. The Kilk Foundation will purchase carbon credits generated from the project and use them to reduce Switzerland's greenhouse gas reduction targets in accordance with the targets set. The international framework clearly states that it must be a voluntary greenhouse gas reduction program that goes beyond the country's implementation plan. Nationally Determined Contributions and compliance with environmental quality and human rights standards.
Highly skilled workers around the world will work more hybridly.|The survey revealed By 2023, hybrid work will become employee expectations, with 39% of highly skilled employees worldwide having hybrid behaviors. In addition, virtual workspaces will help bridge the remote work gap and create a new corporate culture in 2022 after the COVID-19 control measures are eased. Many employees are gradually returning to the office. However, hybrid work patterns have continued to gain popularity since 2019, with the proportion of hybrid and fully remote working increasing and varying from country to country. Employers should create human-centric work design policies that increase flexibility and engagement, and support hybrid work. Nowadays, hybrid work has become the expectation of employees. IT Personnel They are more likely to quit than people in other fields because they need more flexibility to work. IT company executives can retain and attract skilled people by focusing on the work style that employees need. Virtual Workspaces provide additional team engagement. Regardless of location and travel barriers. For example, using this space for meetings and interactions to develop their potential, such as brainstorming, product reviews, or social gatherings. Preparing for new employees and working remotely within 2 years.
Open identity verification, state welfare card on Saturday-Sunday at the state bank in the mall.|Ministry of Finance Open to qualified candidates Verify your identity with "State Welfare Card" or "Poor People's Card" on Saturdays and Sundays at the State Bank in the mall. Starting 11 March 2023, the State Welfare Registration Program (THE SCHEME) 2022 will be open for registrants with "complete registration status" to check the eligibility results of the 2022 program on 1 March 2023. Registrants who "meet the eligibility criteria" must verify their identity at Krungthai Bank, Government Savings Bank and THE BANK of Thailand and can verify their identity from March 1, 2023 onwards. The Ministry of Finance has made further publicity. For people who want to verify their identity, the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 can be accessed at the Bank of Thailand, Government Savings Bank and Krungthai Bank on Saturdays and Sundays only at department store branches starting from Saturday, March 11, 2023. The registrant must verify the results of your qualification check. Before self-verification via website or https://welfare.mof.go.th or at provincial treasury office, district office, Bangkok district office or Pattaya city office to reduce congestion at the bank.
What does the State Welfare Card 2023 get?|State Welfare Card or New Poor Card Recommended for those who have passed the qualification check Do not forget to verify their identity What are the rights on March 9, 2023 It is reported that for those who have passed the qualification check according to the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 (The Project) or the new Poor Card The Cabinet also approved the allocation of a new welfare state to those who have passed the qualification examination with the following details: 1. Limit on the purchase of essential consumer goods Educational products and agricultural raw materials from low-cost Thong Fah stores to develop the local economy and other stores as specified by the Ministry of Commerce at 300 baht per person per month2. The discount limit for purchasing LPG from stores as specified by the Ministry of Energy is 80 baht per person per 3 months3. The limit includes transportation via public transport. 750 baht per person per month, which can be used for 8 types of transportation systems, namely 4. Measures to relieve the burden of electricity bills, subsidizing electricity bills of 315 baht per household per month. In case of exceeding the specified electricity limit, the state welfare card holder (the cardholder) who is entitled will be the recipient of all electricity billsSPONSORED5. Measures to relieve the burden of water bills Subsidize the water bill of 100 baht per household per month. In case of using tap water more than 100 baht but not exceeding 315 baht, the eligible cardholder will still receive support in the amount of 100 baht and will have to pay the excess of 100 baht by himself. The Ministry of Finance by the Comptroller's Department will pay the service fees provided by the eligible cardholders according to the conditions specified by the 5 service providers, namely the Metropolitan Electricity Authority Office, the Provincial Electricity Authority, the Electricity Authority, the Navy Concession Welfare, the Metropolitan WaterWorks Authority, and the Regional WaterWorks Office. Cardholders who wish to receive the right to the measures to relieve the burden of electricity and water bills must register through such service providers before the exercise begins, with the Ministry of Finance announcing the registration opening date. Those who have registered for the Poor Card can check their names at the State Welfare Card https:// mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th website from 06.00-23.00 hrs every day or at the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). Krungthai Savings Bank, provincial treasury offices nationwide, district offices nationwide, 50 bangkok district offices, and Pattaya City Hall, when checking the list, it is found that those who are eligible for state welfare must travel to verify their identity by themselves at 3 banks only, namely Bank of Thailand, Savings, Krungthai. Id card must be brought with you, as the state welfare rights from now on will only use id card. The 1st round of sponsored transactions will be valid on 1 March - 26 March 2023, the 2nd round will be valid on 27 March - 26 April 2023, the 3rd round will be validated between 27 April - 26 April 2023. May 23, 2023 Start exercise 1 June 23 Round 4 Verification between 27 May - 26 June 23 Start exercise 1 July 2023 Round 5 Verifying identity from 27 June 2023 onwards And start exercising the right 1 August 2023 Those who confirm round 2-4 will be entitled to receive the privilege for a period not exceeding 3 months from the first month of exercise. The retrospective rights will only provide a limit for purchasing consumer goods from low-cost Thong Fah stores. Those who verify their identity in round 5 will not be entitled to read the relevant newsSPONSORED news.
WTF. OKMD joins hands to push Thai entrepreneurs to use research and product development to BCG model|WTF. Partnering with OKMD to create sustainable business opportunities Accelerating Thai entrepreneurs to use research and product development to bcg economic model Dr. Vibharat Diong director The National Research Council (NIA) said the cabinet had approved the decision. The BCG economic model, which combines 3 main areas of development, namely bioeconomy, circular economy, and green economy, is a national agenda. In line with the sufficiency economy theory of King Rama IX, the MINISTRY has collaborated with OKMD to develop and integrate research in technology and innovation into an incubator program. It aims to drive both new and existing entrepreneurs. It sees an opportunity to create new businesses along the BCG economy that is becoming a trend of co-creating sustainability for the global community and to develop new business models into the BCG economy in 3 key business segments - social business, the elderly; Clean energy and green products business and agriculture and food business sponsored Dr. Dwarat Suttabutr, Director The Office of Knowledge Management and Development (Public Organization) or OKMD said that one of OKMD's key missions is to promote public learning in order to enhance the potential and reduce inequalities in access to knowledge for Thai people. The bcg economic model is based on the work of researchers supported by the National Research Agency this year. Therefore, OKMD and OKMD collaborated to carry out media development activities and transfer knowledge in accordance with the BCG economic model. Knowledge clips, discussions on the topic of new economic models, driving Thailand towards sustainability to transfer knowledge, experience, and raise awareness of sustainability. Direct experience in creating business opportunities in accordance with bcg economic model both domestically and internationally. We also mobilized more than 20 experts to organize workshops to create business opportunities based on the BCG economic model in 3 business segments that are becoming major global trends: 1. Elderly Social Business Group 2. Clean Energy and Green Products Business Group3. The agricultural and food business group has a total of 20 topics in 12 provinces nationwide: Chiang Mai, Khon Kaen, Ratchaburi, Nakhon Ratchasima, Phitsanulok, Rayong, Chonburi, Chachoengsao, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. From March 9 to April 11, 2023, more than 300 people are expected to participate. The development of incubation and dissemination of knowledge that integrates academic research and hands-on knowledge and is transmitted through this workshop will stimulate the creation of business opportunities in accordance with the BCG economic model to target groups including the unemployed, job changers, entrepreneurs, and the general public who want to study knowledge from research related to the BCG economy to develop and upgrade products and services that meet the needs of consumers in line with the changing world. We aim to achieve immediate action after the training and create new business opportunities linked to the BCG economic model to drive Thailand towards sustainable development.
Petrol price today 8 March 2023 Updated the price of all types of petrol.|"Today's Oil Price" 8 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of petrol gasoline, sohol, diesel compared from 4 pumps. March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.85 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.58 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.58 Baht/liter. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.34 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 33.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.64 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.58 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.85 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSOREDED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSOREDED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 34.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.84 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 37.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 37.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter 4.44 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.34 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 34.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 36.58 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 36.85 baht/litre Diesel at 33.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.64 Baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/litre.
Brake to raise LPG prices to help take care of the cost of living for villagers|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Minister of Energy The Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC) meeting resolved to review lpg pricing by maintaining the wholesale price at 20.9179 baht per kilogram (kg). Excluding VAT, the target is to keep the retail price at 423 baht per 15 kg drum from April 1 to 30. The lpg price of 423 baht per 15 kg drum will end on March 31. The Secretariat has requested the Secretariat to coordinate with the Fuel Fund Management Committee to consider the management of the oil fund in accordance with the guidelines for further pricing review and for the Department of Energy Business to consider the retail price of natural gas for motor vehicles (NGV). Set retail prices 1. General cars, the retail price shall be maintained at 17.59 baht per car. For 3 months or from March 16 to June 15, 2.Taxis in PTT's NGV for Same Breath project will maintain the retail price at 13.62 baht per taxi. From March 16 to June 16. The government also agreed to determine the proportion of biodiesel blending. In diesel fuel, the mixing ratio shall be as follows: B7 diesel fuel Not less than 6.6% and not higher than 7% by volume Ordinary fast-spinning diesel fuel Not less than 6.6% and not higher than 10% by volume and diesel fuel B20 not less than 6.6% and not higher than 20% by volume from Apr 1-30 In order not to increase the cost of diesel fuel and to maintain the proportion of biodiesel blending in diesel fuel. B7 from Apr 1-30 THE BANK ISSUED A NOTIFICATION ON THE DETERMINATION OF THE CHARACTERISTICS AND QUALITY OF DIESEL FUEL (No....) B.E. 66 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DETERMINATION OF THE PROPORTION OF BIODIESEL BLENDING.SPONSORED
Cryptomind expects the crypto market to recover strongly in 2023. A good indication that it is still the future.|CryptoMind Advisory reveals that the crypto market in 2023 will recover strongly after seeing a continuous increase in use cases. It is a good indication that it is still the future, especially projects that are already on the market, which are fundamentally interesting in the long run. Chief Investment Advisor, Cryptomind Advisory, Thailand's first digital asset advisor Regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) He said 2022 has been a tough year for cryptocurrencies, which are only seen as a matter of price and confidence. Because projects that are not directly affected are constantly evolving. Therefore, 2022 can be called a "bottom", and 2023 will be the year of "recovery". Although bitcoin prices have been heavily pressured in 2022, from the beginning of 2023 to the present, bitcoin prices have risen by 50% due to concerns about the FED's stance on inflation that it will be more dovish. In addition, the use of new ASIC miners with greater efficiency and the display of cheap alternative energy have helped drive Bitcoin to save the planet while becoming stronger in terms of practicality. El Salvador was the first country to declare Bitcoin legally viable, and nowadays there is no problem as many people predicted, it may be a big slate that causes many countries whose own currency has started to collapse to start to see Bitcoin as an alternative, in addition, Bitcoin's Lightning Network, which makes it possible to make purchases as fast as Promptpay Thailand, but without having to go through any intermediaries, has started to have Bitcoin locked in it, up 57% from the previous year, and more than 800,000 transactions per month. Due to the uncertainty of the FED policy on how aggressive it will be to tackle inflation this year, along with the potential impact of the FTX collapse and government tightening in various countries of cryptocurrencies, we do not see Bitcoin going back to all-time highs this year, but we do not agree that these bad news will push the new low in the short term to surpass the $25,200 line, which is a key resistance to Ethereum's development. It is expected that there may be a short-term panic because of concerns, but it will not be as serious as it seems, as there will be more deposits as well, because investors will no longer be locked in ETH without a fixed release date. In addition, there is a gradual release system that means that there is no large sum of money immediately entering the market, and with other factors, we see this upgrade as going smoothly and positively affecting EthereumDeFi in an era when people are starting to distrust the intermediary. After the FTX bankruptcy crisis, it was a clear disadvantage to depositing money with "intermediaries", many times this "trust" has always been betrayed. During FTX's bankruptcy The trend to watch is the use of "real-world assets" to integrate with DeFi, such as using MakerDAO's treasury funds to buy U.S. Treasury bonds. We expect this year to see more synergies between traditional finance and decentralized finance, leading brands entering the NFT market. Therefore, this year we will definitely see the NFT market become more active, along with new use cases that allow each company to apply NFT to its own brand. Or government regulations are the last thing to pay attention to. We can see from the tightening of stablecoin. After terra's UST was barely $0 and FTX and CeFi went bankrupt, the SEC and government agencies had to step in to protect consumers from these incidents again. Therefore, we will see lawsuits or regulations that force companies or projects to show greater transparency. The advantages will also make us safe and comfortable to invest. "Although the cryptocurrency market is new and highly uncertain, it still needs time to prove that each project is valuable and practical at the mass adoption level, or it's just about attracting money to make a profit. As a result, this investment has both the risk of losing the investment capital. But choosing the right project is like investing in a pioneering era of the market. The return will definitely be worth it, so choosing the right project and timing is very important. You have to see what the project's executives have a track record and vision, how key success factors have the potential to dominate the market in the future or maintain a stable user base, who are the seed round investors and how much money they raise. To build on which project, is the narrative of the market at the time conducive to the project, and finally, how the tokenomics were used? We believe that 2023 may not look very bright, and in the crypto world, there are many projects that have fallen dead, but with more use cases, it is a good indication that it is still the future, especially those that are already on the market. Therefore, the cryptocurrency market is basically interesting in the long run," Mr. Peerapat said.
"Yum Yum" points to high growth in the noodle market. After commerce, the green light to raise prices.|Mr. Yuji Mizuta The President of OneThai Food Industry Co., Ltd., the manufacturer of yum yum brand, revealed that the overall instant noodle market in 2022 has a total market value of approximately 20,000 million baht. The yellow instant noodle market accounted for 94% of the total market and continued to grow in terms of value, mainly due to the price adjustment of the noodle packets from 6 baht to 7 baht since November 2018. Mass group instant noodles continued to sell well. From prices that meet the needs of rising inflation. Currently, Yum Yum has a market share of 21.4% quantitatively and is the 2nd place in the yellow instant noodle market. It is believed that it will be able to stimulate awareness, open up new experiences for fans. Yum yum, a great recipe and someone who hasn't tried it yet, can definitely turn to it.
Tap the monthly electricity bill. May-August at 4.75 Baht|Reporters reported from the Energy Regulatory Commission that the meeting was attended by Mr. Tiejai Sukhasumek, chairman of the KGB. The Chairman acknowledged the burden of automatic variable electricity cost (FT) for the new period in May-August. After it was handed over to the Office of the Comptroller general. Take the estimated FT value and the guidelines for paying the outstanding cost burden of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) that bears to calculate the calculation in 3 cases, and then clarify the details to the media on March 10 to open for comments from stakeholders during March 10-20 before proposing to the Board of Directors. (Board) to consider and approve the monthly FT fee. On March 22, the new FT fee will be opened for public hearing in 3 cases, such as the lowest price of more than 4.72 baht per unit, which is the electricity tariff in the current period or month. However, it will not reach 4.80 baht per unit, while the highest rate is the return of debt to EGAT of 100,000 million baht. It is expected that the electricity bill will be more than 6 baht per unit, the reporter reported. Because the results of this meeting must be recalculated. The new electricity bill will be divided into 3 cases, the previous installment will be opened for public hearing. EGAT that had to bear the cost burden on behalf of the people earlier 100,000 million baht, such as gradually paying 30-40 satang per unit (Sat.) This will cause the maximum electricity price to exceed 6 baht per unit, with the final result having to listen to all the results of the public hearing and come back to propose to the BOARD of KGB for reconsideration on March 22. BEFORE CONSIDERING THE DETERMINATION OF SUCH ELECTRICITY BILLS, THE LATEST ELECTRICITY BILL PERIOD. This May-August, the KGB board knocked at the lowest case rate of 98 satang per unit, higher than the current period of 93.43 satang per unit. When combined with the base electricity bill, the price of electricity that people have to pay is 4.75 baht per unit from 4.72 baht per unit.
Scams to invest - fake driver's licenses|Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Policy The Ministry of Finance has warned the public to be wary of solicitations to participate in online investment channels that are chain-sharing. Which may be considered an offence under the Royal Decree (Act). Fraudulent loans to the public B.E. 2527, such as advertising solicitations to invest money and promises to give a large amount of attractive returns, such as giving money, gold and valuables, etc., because in addition to potentially damaging them, there is a risk of becoming an accomplice. It's not. If people have invested through online channels and damaged property, they should file a grievance at the local police station where the incident occurred so that the case does not fall short of the age or website www.thaipoliceonline.com or submit the case to the Public Financial System Development Policy Division. SSC To coordinate relevant departments at the same time. Department of Land Transport Online scammers have also been warned. By Mr. Seksom Akaraphan Deputy Director-General The spokesman said that fraudsters are now opening pages to obtain fake driver's licenses and receive a large number of fake driver's license renewals online. By putting a picture of the Department of Land Transport logo in your profile picture, or using a picture of a person who has obtained a driver's license to impersonate a fraudulent advertisement that a driver's license can be issued without having to travel to the transport office. Charge 1,000-6,000 baht when the victim transfers the money. They cannot be returned, or they will receive a fake driver's license, as well as pretending to renew their driver's license instead. They also tricked the victim into sending him a driver's license card and transferring the money. It's not. The Department has investigated 52 fake pages and has filed 52 lawsuits, including more than 100 fake pages, which can be checked at https://bit.ly/3YvPwdb and can be reported to the hotline 1584SPONSORED. Chief Marketing Officer Amata Corporation Public Company Limited has also warned that there is now a group of fraudsters who pretend to use the name of Amata Corporation Public Company Limited, a company in the Amata Group, to persuade people to invest in short-term equity trading funds. Confirm that AMATA has used the SET's mechanism. In order to disseminate investment news, there will be no direct contact with the public.
"Thepparat Theppitak" danmek becomes the new governor of EGAT|Mrs. Nicharee Kittakupt Chairman of the State Enterprise Workers' Union of Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) It was revealed that the EGAT Executive Committee (EGAT Board) headed by Mr. Kulis Sombatsiri The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Energy presided over the resolution of Mr. Thepparat Theppitak. Deputy Governor of the Office of the Governor The President of Electricity Generating Public Company Limited will replace the current EGAT Governor Boonnit Wongrakmit, who will complete his term on August 21, according to the nomination committee chaired by Ms. Nandika Tangsupanich. Presented to the Cabinet for approval because EGAT is an organization that adheres to the principle of transparency. There is good governance"SPONSORED Reporters report that the list of candidates for selection consists of 4 people in EGAT, all of whom are: 1. Mr. Thepparat Theppitak 2. Mr. Nithat Woraponpipat Deputy Fuel Governor 3. Mr. Thidesh Iamsai Deputy Governor for Power Plant Development and Renewable Energy 4. Ms. Jiraporn Sirikham Deputy Governor for Related Business The nomination committee has a majority vote. Elected Mr. Thepparat as the new EGAT governor.
"Party for Thailand" aims to generate income "Dr. Ming" Chu "Think big, pretend" Speak and do it|Launched the Party for Thailand policy focusing on the policy of earning money into the country. Mobilizing economic experts to cooperate after the official launch of "Setha Thaweesin" The generals are ready to "Pansak-Supawut-Panpree-Kittirat" and the "Phromin" team to point out good policies, anyone can think, but the Pheu Thai Party can say and can do Dr. Phromin Lertsuridej or "Dr. Ming". Chairman of the Economic Committee of the Party for Thailand He said the Pheu Thai Party's economic policy maker was the only party that talked about generating income. Other parties talk only about distribution. During this period, the government collected revenues at a low rate. The more you get stuck in the cycle of debt. The Pheu Thai Party will be the party that extracts the debt resolution. The principle of national management is to increase income. Reduce expenditure, expand opportunities by allowing economic growth to grow at least 5% per year, using the concept of watering at the roots to make the whole tree grow"Recently, after the launch of Mr. Setha Thaweesin as the head advisor to The Family for Thailand, the Economic Committee of the Party for Thailand was appointed. Mr. Pansak Wignarat Mr. Supawut Saisai and Mr. Panpree Pahittanukorn, as well as Mr. Kittirat Na Ranong are the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Each of them has a highly experienced expertise in each area, as has been known." "Quick Win", Dr. Phromin continued, "Economic recovery is important. Therefore, the economic policy of the Pheu Thai Party to be campaigned must have a practical approach, whether it is the minimum wage policy of 600 baht, the policy of bachelor's salary of 25,000 baht, and the policy on debt management of the people. Digital Economy Policy New Business District Policy, 1 Family Policy, 1 Potential Soft Power, and Integrated Agriculture Policy "The Party for Thailand talks clearly about income generation. Others talk about giving away alone. Good policy, anyone can think, but the party that speaks and can do it is the Party for Thailand, because it has done it before and has a clear track record in the past. The quick win policy is to expand the door to support tourism revenue, so the target is to increase the revenue from foreign tourists to 3 trillion baht by 2027. There are 60 million foreign tourists from 2022 who have started to recover after COVID-19. There are 11 million foreign tourists. Generated revenue of 700,000 million baht Thailand needs to create big events to reach the world, such as Songkran Festival in April, Loy Krathong Festival in April. And bring world-class festivals to Thailand, such as music festivals. Famous arts and culture festivals at the same time Thailand must be developed as a "regional transport hub". To allow airlines from around the world to connect to Thailand within 2 hours, just like Dubai Airport does. While connecting in Thailand now takes up to 6 hours, the international airport must be upgraded to accommodate 120 million tourists. To ease the burden of visas to stimulate tourism and upgrade Thai passports to travel around the world, creating new business zones to pilot 4 provinces in terms of investment promotion policy, Dr. Phromin said the Pheu Thai Party has a different perspective. There was no success in investing, only the development of land for sale at an expensive price. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party has a policy to build the country with innovation and digital through 4 new business zones as pilot areas, namely Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Khon Kaen and Hat Yai, based on the availability of universities, airports and infrastructure ready to drive startups and SMEs. It covers 40% of the population and 43% of the country's land is used in agriculture, and the government has to support 150,000-200,000 million baht annually. However, farmers still owe an average of 260,000 baht per household. The Pheu Thai Party has a policy to increase farmers' income by 3 times within 4 years by helping them find markets and allowing farmers to produce what they want. Apply technology in the agricultural sector, such as precision agriculture technology, artificial intelligence or AI to help in agriculture. IN ADDITION, THE 1 SUBDISTRICT 1 PRODUCT (OTOP) POLICY WILL BE UPGRADED TO A DIGITAL POLICY, OTOP WILL SUPPORT SALES THROUGH NEW CHANNELS, ESPECIALLY THE CREATION OF SALES CHANNELS THROUGH E-COMMERCE PLATFORMSPONSORED, CREATING 20 MILLION JOBS. To promote the potential to generate more income by establishing more than 800 creative skills incubators, such as chefs and cooks. designer singer songwriter E-sport athlete, multimedia designer, film producer Seeing the obvious potential, scholarships will be supported to continue training world-class skills abroad. The project will create more than 20 million jobs. It can generate an average income of up to 200,000 baht per household. In addition, during the election campaign, the Pheu Thai Party will launch additional policies.
ORI unveils Origin Infinity plan to launch nationwide business and send One Origin to the stock market this year|Mr. Peerapong Jaroonek The Chief Executive Officer of Origin Property Public Company Limited revealed the 2022 operating results at Opportunity Day with total revenue of Baht 15,741 million. Project sales 41,032 million baht This is a 36% increase from last year through the launch of 25 projects worth 41 billion baht. The house project saw an increase in sales in line with the growth of 18,509 million baht in ownership transfers. Increased by 15%, resulting in a net profit of Baht 3,775 million. That's up 18% during covid. The company is adapting rapidly. As a result, sales and ownership transfers have grown every year from 2020-2022 to increase the market share size and become a leader in the condominium sector. This year, we aim to continue growing through the Origin Infinity concept, focusing on expanding all business segments nationwide to promote sales and create brand engagement. This creates local demand, which affects business in the long run, starting with the residential business. The total project value is 50,000 million baht. It covers 13 provinces, divided into 22 condominium projects with a project value of 27,500 million baht. Plan to expand the condo according to the hotel business, branded residence in the area that is a resort city with high demand and become a World Class Destination such as Phuket, Pattaya, etc., and expand 20 housing projects worth 22,500 million baht. This year, the REIT value is approximately 25,500 million baht. Logistics and warehousing project worth approximately 4,500 million baht The company plans to launch 25 new businesses such as dental clinics, beauty clinics, and pet clinics by the end of this year. Spread across with Origin's residential and mixed-use projects for the 2023 target, the total revenue target is 19 billion baht. Sales of residential projects amounted to 45,000 million baht. The company and its joint venture for the hotel business are expected to have revenue of at least 2 billion baht and profit growth of 50%.
Check the registration channel to receive the right to "Water and Electricity Bill" holder of "State Welfare Card 2022"|Open registration channels and application process. Measures to mitigate electricity and water bills of the recipients of the "State Welfare Card 2022" must be done on March 9, 2023 from the cabinet's approval of the allocation of a new welfare state. For measures to relieve the burden on electricity and water bills (mitigation measures), which is one of the measures to allocate a new welfare state. For those who qualify for the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 (cardholders) with details as follows: SPONSORED The 2022 project has changed the method of supporting the cost of electricity and/or water bills for cardholders. In the past, state welfare card holders under the State Welfare Registration Program in 2017 and 2018 had to reserve payments for electricity and/or water bills to the service provider in advance. In 2017 and 2018, the subsidy will be refunded to the State Welfare Card later. The mitigation measures will be transformed into a government sector, with the Ministry of Finance providing electricity and/or water bills directly to service providers based on the value of the cardholder. By this method of supporting the expenses, the cardholder will have the cardholder. This will reduce the burden and increase financial liquidity for cardholders who qualify under the State Welfare Registration Program. In 2022, all those wishing to receive the relief measures must register for the new rights. For more information about the State Welfare Registration Program 2022, please visit https://xn--12cm1ane3a8dcb9a6abq9eehm8a4u7e.mof.go.th/ or https://welfare.mof.go.th Office of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Tel. 0-2126-5800. Ext. 2706, 2680 , Fiscal Policy Office, Tax Policy Division Tel. 0-2273-9020 Ext. 3514Read related news
Gold Price Gold Price Today 9 Mar 2023 Open Thursday Morning Jewelry sold out 30,650|Gold Price Today Latest Open on Thursday morning, March 9, 2023 No increase, no discount for the price of "Gold bullion" sold out baht 30,150 per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 30,650 baht per baht. Baht 9 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 9:29 a.m., the price had not moved, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,050 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" sells out 30,150 baht per baht, while "Gold Jewelry" buys 29,516.52 baht and sells out 30,000 baht. 650 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 15,025 baht sell out 15,075 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 14,758.26 baht sell out 15,325 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion buy 7,512.50 baht sell out 7,537.50 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,379.13 baht sell out 7,662.50 baht sponsored gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,756.25 baht sell out 3,768.75 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,756.25 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
CPN unveils 5-year investment plan to upgrade Bangkok to world-class metropolitan standards|Central Pattana unveils 5-year investment plan between 2023-2027 totaling 135,000 million baht Ready to upgrade Bangkok to world-class metropolitan standards on March 9, 2023 Ms. Valya Jirathiwat The President and Chief Executive Officer of Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) said, "In the past, we have strengthened the shopping center business, including community malls, residential, office buildings and hotels nationwide. Therefore, we want to create evolution by moving forward to the business model of the future as The Ecosystem for All, with retail business at the core with 3 key strategies1. The 360-Degree Centre of Life: A living hub that meets all degrees, both offline and online, including shop, eat, work, play, stay, live 24 hours a day, 365 days anywhere nationwide, within 5 years, traffic in our project will increase from 1.2 million to 1.8 million per day, or 657 million visits per year. Annual average 25,000-30,000 million baht The number of mixed-use projects will increase from 18 in 2023 to 25 by 2027. Linking business operations of partners to a comprehensive customer life With an annual investment in Digital Transformation & Technology Infrastructure of 300-500 million baht. 3. The Place Making for Sustainable Future: Focus on people by promoting local wealth, with the company having more than 6,500 employees in the next 5 years, driving more than 100,000 jobs in the ecosystem, opening free trading areas for farmers and SMEs nationwide worth 300 million baht per year, and supporting government and CSR activities worth more than 200 million baht per year, as well as environmental stewardship. Follow the NET Zero 2050 roadmap.
Wait, Central Krabi is coming. Shoppers count down "Central Westville"|Wait for "Central Krabi" to come, CPN spends 4,500 million baht. The project is expected to be completed in Q4/2024. The project was completed in the 4th quarter of 2023 on March 9, 2023. Executive Vice President Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) said that the shopping center business is at the heart of CPN's ecosystem and continues to focus on being the No.1 Market Leader, with highlights including the launch of 4 new projects in 2023-2024- Central Westville to open in Q4/2023 with an investment budget of over 6,200 million baht- Central Nakhon Sawan to open in Q1/2024 with an investment budget of 5,800 million bahtSPONSORED- Central Nakhon Pathom to open in Q2/2024 with an investment budget of 8,200 million baht- Central Krabi or Central Krabi to open in Q4/2024 with an investment budget of 4,500 million baht. Add zones Responding to being a world-class tourist city, it will have a brand of Bridgeline & More Luxury Meet the growing trend of tourists and most of them prefer brand-name products. We are also preparing to move forward with the expansion of Central Westgate by expanding the commercial area and adding parking garages. For Central World or CentralwOrld, we continue to reinforce the Global Landmark that created a phenomenon with world-class brands chosen to launch in the first place. Shake Shack, which is set to open at the end of March, is the first of its kind in Thailand, as well as Central Phuket, Thailand's only luxury mall located in a world-class tourist city. Mr. Wuttikiat Tejamangalapiwat, Head of Community Mall and International Business Development of CPN, said that the big project Marché Thonglor is worth 2,000 million baht. Soft Launch (26 Mar 23) is the largest and most complete flagship of Community mall and New Landmark in the heart of Thonglor, capturing high purchasing power, office workers within the same project, and expats foreigners. Filled with over 2,300 square meters of green space. Pet-Friendly / is the largest food destination in the area with 24-hour parking and will also develop the current project at Nawamin City and renovate 4 locations this year. Jirattikarachot, Head of Hotel Development of CPN "We are ready to raise the standard of hotel occupancy and meet all the purposes of travel. In 2023, all 3 brands of hotels will be opened and there will be 10 hotels with 1,600 rooms. Centara : Centara Ubon or Centara Ubon and Centara Ayutthaya Centara Ayutthaya2. Centara One : Lifestyle Midscale is set to open its first location, Centara One Rayong3. Mr. Kree Detchai, President of CPN's Residential Business, said, "We have started to expand the project next to Robinson Lifestyle by bringing our strengths in synergy with leading brands under Central Group. Baan Nirada Rama 2, Park and Ekachai in Bangkok is expected to cover 27 provinces by 2027.
Thai stocks today, March 9, 2023, ended the morning up 6.63 points, the index was at 1,619 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 6.63. The index is at 1,619.23. Turnover 30,957.53 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 9, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose 6.63 percent. The index was at 1,619.23. The turnover was 30,957.53 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. CP All Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
TQMalpha reveals that the overall car insurance business continues to grow.|TQMalpha plans to bring three subsidiaries of insurance, finance and technology platforms to the stock market soon, revealing that the overall auto insurance business continues to grow on March 9, 2023. Meanwhile, TQM's health insurance is growing. After the investment, TQMalpha Group expects to offer one subsidiary per year from 2024 onwards. We have focused on growth with the 7 Growth Strategy, while after strengthening our business to TQMalpha, we have been able to achieve the highest level of growth. This year, TQMalpha's business segments will clearly begin to generate revenue for the group. The financial sector includes Easy Lending Co., Ltd. and platform technology businesses are SureKrub, Builkone, TQC, TQDDR.Napasnan Pannipa. Chief Executive Officer of TQM Alpha Public Company Limited said, "In 2023, we are confident that the insurance business will continue to grow and expand. Because the purchasing power of consumers has started to return, the insurance group's sales target for 2023 is 30,000 million baht. Auto insurance remains the group's revenue, while home insurance is expected to continue to grow this year. The revenue share in 2023 consists of Motor Insurance 69%, Non-Motor 23% and Life 8%, and companies in the insurance business group True Life Broker Co., Ltd. aim to conduct an IPO next year, including a new product development cooperation with TQR. Chief Financial Officer TQM Alpha Public Company Limited said that in the financial segment, Easy Lending Co., Ltd., although it started its business last year, was able to generate revenue from insurance lending up to 1,210 million baht. This year, it will expand its lending categories to other categories such as personal loans, welfare loans, government sector loans, car registration loans, factoring loans, and purchase loans. This year, the lending target is set at 3,000 million baht. It has grown by 150% and is in talks with the management team to expand its lending channels. TQM Alpha Plc Chief Business Development Officer (CBDO) said that SureKrub will begin to enter the insurance market through digital channels such as travel insurance, eco car insurance and high-priced car insurance, and SureKrub will raise fund Serie A from Strategic Investors in a limited way. In addition, TQC, which provides health insurance claims or Claims Tech, has developed a total claims services and E Claims system that will be available this year. Meanwhile, TQD, in addition to developing a platform system for TQMalpha group companies, has also launched a Friday application targeting insurance agents and financial advisors.
Central unveils plans to create 5 giant projects to elevate Bangkok to the equivalent of a world-class metropolis|Ms. Valya Jirathivat Central Pattana Public Company Limited (CPN) President and Chief Executive Officer Said that the company is targeting revenue growth of 12-13% per year from now. Due to COVID-19 Begin to unravel. At the same time, the company has planned for 5-10 years to develop five mixed-use mega projects, which will raise the standard for Bangkok to be equivalent to world-class metropolises such as New York, Tokyo or Seoul, each as large as centralwOrld or with a total building area (GFA) of more than 350,000 square meters. And the investment budget per project is not less than 20,000 million baht. The first project to be launched is Dusit Central Park, which will be launched in 2024-2025 under a joint venture with Dusit Thani Group with a total investment budget of 46,000 million baht, a world-class One-of-a-kind Mixed-Use Project that seamlessly connects green spaces to urban life, with 4 key elements seamlessly connected, with the 'Central Park' shopping center connecting all parts with the concept of 'Here for curated experience and inspiration' that will create a new experience and inspiration for Bangkokians, the Grade A+ 'Central Park Offices' office building that intends to be the Global Prototype of Future Workplace, Ultra-Luxury Branded Residence, and Thailand's only Global Legendary Iconic hotel. The investment is expected to cost an average of 25,000-35,000 million baht per year. More than 200 projects covering 30 cities in Thailand and ASEAN The number of mixed-use projects will increase from 18 in 2023 to 25 in 2027. 2. Central Nakhon Sawan will open in 1Q24 with an investment budget of 5,800 million baht 3. Central Nakhon Pathom will open in 2Q24 with an investment budget of 8,200 million baht and the newest project Central Krabi with an investment budget of 4,500 million baht will open in 4Q24. It will be the largest and most complete new landmark in the heart of Thonglor. Office workers within the same project and expat foreigners With more than 2,300 square meters of green space and the largest food destination in the area, with 24-hour parking, the company will also develop its current project at Nawamin City and renovate 4 projects this year, and the residential business has adopted the key strategy of Best Location & Best in class in all locations, adjacent to or near Central Shopping Center, and has begun to expand projects adjacent to Robinson Lifestyle. Strategic Locations in CBD Bangkok is set to unveil its central park offices project within Dusit Central Park, a new World-Class Professional Hub that caters to world-class companies. On the Super Core CBD location, it is an interchange station for both BTS and MRT and has green spaces both from the large rooftop park that connects to Lumpini Park, and on the special floor, there are also Private Outdoor Gardens as well, and World-Class Design and Facilities focus on developing according to World-class LEED Gold Certified and Customized space for businesses of all sizes for the hotel business. Central Pattana's expertise in developing potential locations and reaching customers nationwide raises the standard of hotel occupancy and meets all travel purposes. In 2023, all three brands will be opened and there will be 10 hotels with 1,600 rooms. Centara: Upscale Full-Service prepares to launch Centara Ubon' and 'Centara Ayutthaya', 2. brand Centara One: Lifestyle Midscale is set to open its first location, Centara One Rayong, and 3. GO!
Thai stocks today, March 9, 2023, ended the afternoon up 1.62 points, the index was at 1,614 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the end of the afternoon, the index was up 1.62 to 1,614.22. Turnover 59,540.43 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 9, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 1.62 percent. Change 0.10% The index is at 1,614.22. The index peaked at 1,621.88. The index is at a low of 1,608.41. The turnover was 59,540.43 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 5. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited.
Be patient. Tomorrow "Oil Price" Gasohol group fell 50 sat.|People use the car pleased. Tomorrow announced a reduction in the price of oil. All gasohol groups down 50 st. The diesel price remained the same on March 9, 2023, the reporter reported. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For Hi Premium 97 and diesel segments, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 10 March 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.35 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 36.08 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 34.04 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Grab Thailand Aiming for 2023, making a profit, promoting strategies to target tourists Premium markets and corporate customers|Mr. Worachat Lakkhanaroj President Grab Thailand reveals 2023 is over Prepare to stimulate the use of services to push revenue to make a profit by the end of this year. With a tap into the travel and premium markets and pushing 'Enterprise Services', a new B2B service with higher profit potential, to develop into the main revenue categories in the future, including Grab for Business, a solution to help manage all services for corporate customers, and GrabAds, a full-fledged advertising service on the Grab application, Mr. Worachat said that it will penetrate all dimensions of tourism, starting with increasing the number of driver-partners to adequately return tourists in 5 major provinces: Chiang Mai, Chonburi, Khon Kaen, Nakhon Ratchasima and Phuket. Collaboration with the Tourism Authority of Thailand It is preparing to offer travel content within the app and is in the process of working with several airports. In order to develop service areas for customers within the airport, the company recently launched a new GrabMap with high spatial resolution with GrabNavigation features in the building, and developed an application to better respond to foreigners' use. It is another segment with high spending habits. The ride-hailing rate is very high in the region. Thailand Prepare to add driver-partners and premium number of cars Expanded partnerships with the hotel and tourist sectors, in addition, are preparing to expand their services to 'electric vehicles' with the support of driver-partners in electric vehicle loans. Grab plans to switch to electric vehicles by 10% by 2024, with the official launch of the electric vehicle project by the second quarter of this year. After the COVID situation unfolded. Last year, there was a 16% increase in monthly users, and net income increased by 112% from the previous year. The loss rate decreased to 51% from 64% last year due to the return of foreign tourists and the increase in order behavior per bill, significantly reducing the loss rate. In addition, upcountry areas have a usage rate that is 3 times higher than Bangkok, while deliveries service has a steady growth rate, GMV value is growing, and it also occupies the number one share of both Thai and regional markets, reaching more stores in upcountry and department store partners. Financial services, GrabPay and PayLater continue to gain popularity for regular users. In addition, loans are available as a source of financing for driver-partners and operators. This includes long-term target user protection insurance products. Grab Thailand We intend to build a sustainable business ecosystem. Aim to increase the efficiency of delivery systems to driver-partners and merchants, as well as user safety with innovative technologies, increasing subscriber base and increasing user loyalty. GrabUnlimited offers monthly subscription promotions with added benefits and builds confidence in Grab's standards to continue competing in the fierce super app arena.
Transfers exceeding 50 thousand must scan the identity verification page. Solve scammers|National Bank solves sms scam game Gang Call Center Fake lending apps The app sucks money, reiterates that the transfer of funds exceeding 50 thousand must be scanned to verify the identity. On March 9, 2023, Bank of Thailand (BOT) Governor Sethaputhi Suttivatnruputti said that financial fraud threats are increasing and varied, such as SMS scams. Gang Call Center These scam applications and fraudulent money-sucking applications have resulted in people losing assets or savings income, as well as a lack of confidence in the use of digital financial services by financial institutions, which may have a far-reaching impact on financial transactions in the next phase. The BOT is aware of the problems of such people and has not remained silent, which in the past has worked with relevant agencies both in and outside the financial sector to continuously solve the problem. On the principle of protection DETECT AND RESPOND TO REDUCE THE CHANNELS OF FRAUDSTERS AND HELP SOLVE PROBLEMS FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE VICTIMS OF FINANCIAL DISASTERS. Many of which have already been implemented, such as in collaboration with the NBTC office. The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society and the Banking Sector Information Technology Security Coordination Center (TB-CER) have closed SMS impersonating financial institutions to prevent fraudsters from contacting the public. Managing and solving financial disasters today still has areas that need to be addressed, especially the access to the public of fraudsters who can do it in many ways and forms. The process of freezing abnormal accounts of financial institutions is still time-consuming. As well as resolving problems for victims, the BOT has issued a series of policies to manage financial fraud that are maintained throughout the financial transaction route. It is a minimum practice for all financial institutions to follow as a single standard. By balancing risk management with promoting digital financial services, the BOT sees this set of measures as helping P.S. Prevent risks and solve problems for people more effectively. It's not. A series of preventive measures Detect, respond and respond As follows:1. Financial institutions must provide a notification to mobile banking users before every transaction, and develop a security system on mobile banking to keep up with new financial threats at all times, as well as to enhance the rigour of the minimum authentication process by using biometrics technology such as face scans in case customers request to open an account through a non-face-to-face application or make transactions through mobile banking in specified conditions, such as transferring more than 50,000 baht or increasing the daily transaction limit to 50,000 baht or more. Customers can apply for adjustments as needed and must strictly verify their identity.2. Measures to detect and track suspicious accounts or transactions so that financial institutions can help limit damage faster and reduce the use of horse accounts. The BOT will set conditions for the detection and tracking of irregular or offending transactions in order for financial institutions to report to the OFFICE of the OIC, as well as require financial institutions to have a system to detect and track accounts or suspicious transactions in a near-real-time manner so that transactions can be suspended immediately and temporarily when detected.3. Response and response measures In order to deal with the problem for the victims faster, all financial institutions must have a hotline 24 hours a day, separate from the usual service channels, so that service users can report the incident quickly. IF THE DAMAGE IS FOUND TO BE CAUSED BY A DEFECT OF THE SPONSORED FINANCIAL INSTITUTION. The BOT has urged financial institutions All measures must be implemented as soon as possible, with some measures already in place. Most of the remaining measures are scheduled to be completed within a month. The BOT will evaluate the effectiveness of the implementation and will periodically review and update the measures in order to prevent and correct financial fraud appropriately. The BOT's operations are only part of the operation, but the management and comprehensive resolution of financial disasters has been completed. Relies on The Technology Crime Prevention and Suppression Act, when enacted, will further address restrictions and barriers in the exchange of suspicious transaction information between the MPC and related agencies. Suspension of transactions by the MINISTRY and clearer penalties for horse account offenders. We also need to integrate cooperation from relevant agencies to achieve tangible results as soon as possible.
Petrol price today 9 March 2023 Updated price of all types of petrol.|"Oil Prices Today" 9 Mar 23 Updated prices for all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel surveyed from 4 pumps. March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.85 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.58 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.58 Baht/liter. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.34 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 33.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.64 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.58 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.85 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 36.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.58 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSOREDED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSOREDED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.85 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.58 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 34.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.84 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 37.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 37.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.44 Baht/liter 4.44 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.34 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 34.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 36.58 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 36.85 baht/litre Diesel at 33.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.64 Baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/litre.
Includes questions Poor card State Welfare Card 2023 Check the right to pass - fail What should I do?|Include questions that people are wondering about. State Welfare Card 2023 Check eligibility Pass - fail What to do next How to file an appeal on the 9th day In March 2023, it was reported that after the results of the eligibility examination of enrollees for the State Welfare Registration Program were announced in 2023. 2022 (Project) or New Poor Card On March 1, 2023, it was found that the registrants who "passed" the eligibility consideration and "failed" the eligibility consideration by the websites https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th and https://welfare.mof.go.th have gathered the following questions about the qualification verification results: 1. Qualified registrants must verify their identity with a smart card only. The identity can be verified at Krungthai Bank or THE BANK or one of the Government Savings Banks. From March 1, 2023 onwards according to the opening hours of each bank. The applicant must verify his/her identity before exercising his/her rights.2. If the qualified registrant does not have a PromptPay account linked to his/her citizen ID number. The registrant is requested to link his/her PromptPay account with his/her citizen ID number to receive the benefits. Once the eligibility has completed the verification process, they will be able to check their identity verification status via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th the next day, or contact the staff of the 7 registration agencies or call the relevant authoritiesSPONSORED. The registrant must travel to Krungthai Bank or THE BANK or Government Savings Bank by using a smart card only. The certificate of death or the house registration in which the death was sold, either together with the identification of the identity to the authorities, must submit such documents within 1 year from March 1, 2023 in order to receive the welfare entitlement. 2. File an appeal through the project website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th 2. Submit an appeal through all 7 registration agencies by presenting your ID card and requesting to appeal the result of the eligibility consideration (registrants who do not meet the eligibility criteria can submit an appeal through any registration agency. The registrant must contact the eligibility verification agency where the registrant does not meet the qualifications to update or correct the information in case of inaccuracies, which must be completed by May 1, 2023SPONSORED. If you wish to use it to make an appeal with a qualification agency, except In the event that the registrant does not meet the debt eligibility criteria, the registrant must print out a document to support the application for credit information of the registrant who has not passed the status check with the Department of Government. The registration status is "Incomplete Information". However, the registrant who can submit an appeal must have a registration status of "Not qualified" only if the registrant is disabled, bedridden or elderly who cannot come to check the eligibility result or appeal the result of the eligibility consideration. In case of not meeting the eligibility criteria by yourself Authorization is required by supporting documents. As follows:1. Power of attorney (for disabled registrants) Bedridden patients or elderly people who cannot register in person) (download on the project website)2. 3. A copy of the registrant's id card (authorized person) with a signature certifying its authenticity. Copy of id card of the authorized person with a signature certifying the authenticity of SPONSORED4. A certified copy of a disability id card (if any) or a medical certificate (if any) in case the registrant is disabled, bedridden or elderly who cannot come to verify their identity by themselves. Authorization is required by supporting documents. As follows:1. Power of attorney (for disabled registrants) Bedridden patients or elderly people who cannot register in person) (download on the project website)2. Id card of the registrant (authorized person)3. Id card of the authorized person4. Disability id card (if any) or medical certificate (if any)Read related news
WeTV puts Chinese content as its strength, reveals 2022 revenue growth of 10% on all channels|WeTV puts Chinese content as its strength, revealing that in 2022, revenue on all channels grew by 10%, subscription grew by more than 40%. WeTV's Director and Vice President of Tencent Video said that premium subscription service, as well as the number of transactions that occur under subscription services, such as fast track content purchases, express packages, and rent subscriptions, have also generated revenue growth for WeTV, accounting for 10% of total revenue. As the top three streaming service provider platforms in Southeast Asia, both in Thailand and Indonesia, WeTV has a continuously growing user base. As a result of a 20% increase in the number of MAU (Monthly-active user) users, sponsored for the duration of viewing Chinese series content increased by 15% compared to the same period in 2021, resulting in a 420% jump in aired-duration, a Chinese miniseries from WeTV, reflecting the demand and popularity of short-video content that has increased in 2021. The demand to watch high-quality content from WeTV is in line with the growth forecast of the OTT market in the next few years. In addition, the success of the past year is a testament to the attractiveness of WeTV's content line-up among regional audiences and its commitment to creating a unique user experience for its business plan to penetrate the Southeast Asian market in 2023. WeTV is preparing to host quarterly roadshows in Southeast Asia to continue our partnership with leading global brands and advertising agencies. WeTV also has expanded its opportunities for new partners such as GroupM, Omnicom Media Group (OMG), and Dentsu, as well as advertisers and marketers in various industries who see the potential of communication to target audiences through WeTV. For example, Telkomsel and Indihome in Indonesia, AIS, TRUE and DTAC in Thailand are also available for producing quality content. It also offers quality entertainment content to audiences across the region in response to southeast Asia's expansion due to the development of internet infrastructure. WeTV is also committed to expanding its regional audience, as in October, Tencent Video partnered with streaming platform Rakuten Viki to offer Chinese series to regional audiences. Chief Marketing and Sales Officer and WeTV Thailand Manager Tencent (Thailand) Co., Ltd. said that for Thailand, WeTV is considered the leader in the Asian content market with a library of more than 1,200 licensed quality content including series, anime, variety shows from China, Thailand, Korea and Japan, especially Chinese content that is available on the platform with 50% and is the most popular with users. In addition, in the past year, WeTV has added more than 90 Chinese mini-series content to meet the needs. Limited time users because it is a short series that is fun and easy to digest. IT DOESN'T TAKE MUCH TIME TO RELAX, AND IN RECENT YEARS, CHINESE SERIES HAVE CONTINUED TO GAIN POPULARITY. It can be seen from the galaxy. WeTV has partnered with many of Thailand's leading production partners, such as CHANGE2561, Kantana, TV Thunder, and Army. Production continues to gain popularity among audiences, especially senior lovers. The popular Y series that has been popular throughout Asia and has received good feedback from fans through both online and offline events, including the latest series Mya Luang, which has created a buzz around the social world and has gained popularity both in Thailand and abroad. With the No. 1 ranking in many areas serving Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and the United States, Ms. Kanokporn said that in 2023, WeTV Thailand will be able to achieve the highest number of services. In the past year, we have successfully expanded our cooperation with partners both in Thailand and abroad. We have also partnered with media partners and TV stations to expand our reach for audience content in all its formats, and these achievements pave the way for our growth and success in the coming year. We've prepared a huge line of content that our viewers have been waiting for. Packed with top-notch actors in a variety of genres. From romance, fantasy to even internal power series, with series set to be introduced to the platform, such as Wonderland of Love, Snow Eagle Lord, and Sword and Fairy, which is a fantasy series adapted from RPG games starring Swee NetworkSPONSORED. It is produced by GMM Studios International and is a comedy series mixed with action. Who don't kick me Produced by Good Pictures In parallel with the continuous addition of quality Thai series to the platform, the latest Y-Thai series has been introduced. Step by Step is a co-production by two leading producers, Dee Hup House, who produces quality works, dozens of kisses lovely writers who will air on WeTV and become very popular in 2021, and JustUp, which will begin airing the Uncut version via WeTV in April. With ongoing online and offline activities.
Confident in the market overtaking Europe! Asian Millionaires Money Management Group|As soon as the COVID-19 situation eases and Thailand opens its doors to tourists from all over the world, LGT Group, a private hospitality conglomerate, will open its doors to tourists from around the world. The world's largest banking and asset management Founded and administered by the Royal Family of Liechtenstein for more than 100 years, a family that has successfully passed on wealth for more than 900 years through more than 30 generations of descendants, it has decided to use the Oriental Hotel. The LGT Group's executives from around the world are the result of Prince Max von Undzu Liechtenstein's fondness for Thais and Thailand, who currently sits as Chairman of the Board of Directors. LGT Group also celebrated its 4th anniversary with the official opening of its offices in Thailand in November 2018. Mar 2019 Under the name of LGT Securities (Thailand) Co., Ltd. to provide investment and wealth management services to Thai billionaires. Corporate clients and financial institutions in the country, as well as private fund services. For taking money out to invest abroad. IN ORDER TO SUPPORT THE RISING DEMAND OF THAILAND'S BILLIONAIRE INVESTORS, AS WELL AS TO PROVIDE ASSET MANAGEMENT SERVICES OR THE CONTINUATION AND DELIVERY OF WEALTH OF FAMILY BUSINESSES FROM GENERATION TO GENERATION THAT ARE THE NEEDS OF ASIANS INCLUDING THAIS. Prince Max, as chairman of the LGT Group, was interviewed by the Thai media. Prince Max said Thailand is the third country in Asia to LGT Group has set up offices 30 years ago in Hong Kong and Singapore. Because we see the growth potential of Thailand. Prince Max also has a positive outlook on Asian economies that are still growing well. The U.S. and Europe also have high interest rates and inflation, leading to risks to a recession. As a result, the wealth value or market of the asset management business in Asia. There are better growth opportunities than in the past. The value of assets under management (AUM) in the region has the highest growth rate compared to other regions in which the Group provides services. The market or asset management value in Asia will definitely be larger than Europe within the next two years, with the AUM currently managed by LGT Group for Asian clients reaching U.S. $100 billion. There is an expansion of the middle class and strong consumption of spending, which is very good for the market in the region. Meanwhile, LGT Plc. Thailand Diverse customer base In addition to corporate clients, it serves individuals with a high wealth of 100 million baht or more." Prince Max said that as LGT Group is one of the leading companies in sustainable investment. It has applied this principle to all aspects of the company's business and offers sustainable investment solutions. Reduce environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) risks to customers by not investing in sectors that cause conflicts with ESG principles, ensuring that investing in sustainability-conscious businesses will generate good returns for investors, allowing asset value to grow in the long run. At the same time, it helps to benefit others. LGT Group's services include: 1. Managing private funds with sustainable investment policies is an important issue in investment decisions. 2. Sustainable Investment Advisory If the customer wants to make their own decision 3. Offering sustainable investment solutions through LGT Funds and ETFs. It focuses on generating attractive returns. At the same time, it helps to make a tangible positive difference. This investment has helped to promote real systemic change. Most of them are start-up companies. Innovation or technology that solves the problems facing the world. It needs capital to do business before it grows and raises capital for the stock market. "Sustainability is a core value of the LGT Group and is in our DNA at the core of every operation, and LGT owners are committed to creating a stable future for future generations. The LGT Group currently has an AUM of CHF 284.7 billion (approximately USD 297.4 billion or approximately THB 10 trillion). As of June 30, 2022, it employs more than 4,500 people in Europe, Asia, America, Australia and Middle East Asia.
The state imposes a freeze on electricity bills for the period May-August.|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister of Defense He revealed as chairman of the 2nd Meeting of the National Energy Policy Committee (NBTC) 2/2023 that the NBTC meeting discussed taking care of electricity bills and trying not to cause trouble to all groups of people. Caring for low-income people is still necessary. Energy prices are also under hearing. He insisted that the government did not want to cause anyone any trouble. Panmichao, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister, discussed the trend of electricity bills in November 2018. May-August 2023: Electricity bills will be left at a single rate for both households and industries. In the past, electricity bills for households were 4.72 baht per unit and industrial electricity costs were 5.33 baht per unit. THE HOUSEHOLD ELECTRICITY BILL, WHICH STOOD AT 4.72 BAHT PER UNIT IN THIS PERIOD, HAS ALREADY GIVEN A POLICY TO THE ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY OF THE ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION THAT IT SHOULD NOT INCREASE BECAUSE THE COST OF ELECTRICITY GENERATION IS NATURAL GAS IS LIKELY TO DECREASE. The automatic variable electricity charge (FT) will be increased to 98 satang per unit, which, when including the base electricity bill, will increase to 4.75 baht per unit or about 0.3 baht per unit. In this respect, the policy department can take care of it. Now, the burden must be to see that it does not affect the Electricity Generating Authority (EGAT) that has to be compensated for the burden of more than 100 billion baht of FT fees last year. How does the EGAT work? Electricity prices in the next installment As the policy director has already made it a policy that electricity bills should not be raised, electricity prices will be returned to the same rate between households and industries, which must take care of both sectors, with households taking care of the cost of living, and industrial sectors taking care of them during periods of poor export conditions.
Confidence Index February New High 36 months The government talks about delivering a stable economy.|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy Revealed at THE NEXT THAILAND'S FUTURE : Thailand's turning point towards sustainability: In the past 8 years in the government of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha and during his three years in office, he has laid the foundations of the country's economy, especially infrastructure, and has led the country through the COVID-19 crisis while maintaining good fiscal discipline. It can return to normal in order to start the economy moving forward again and deliver a sustainable and competitive economy to the next government. Once in, the country has a strong infrastructure and a sustainable economy. Polvichai, president of the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and chief advisor of the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting, spoke about the results of the 2019 Consumer Confidence Survey. The index stood at 52.6, up from 51.7 in January 2023. It improved for the ninth consecutive month and reached its highest level in 36 months. Mar63 This was when Thailand started having COVID-19. WHILE THE OVERALL ECONOMIC SENTIMENT INDEX STOOD AT 46.8, THE OVERALL CONFIDENCE INDEX ABOUT EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES STOOD AT 49.9, AND THE CONFIDENCE INDEX ABOUT FUTURE EARNINGS STOOD AT 61.2, IMPROVING ALL ITEMS AND THE HIGHEST IN 36 MONTHS SINCE MARCH 2020. Especially Chinese tourists are starting to travel to the country, COVID continues to improve. As a result, there has been an increase in domestic cash flow and economic activity in various regions, coupled with a sharp drop in gasoline prices from the first half of the year, causing people to feel relaxed about the cost of living. As a result, consumer confidence in all items improved significantly in addition to the economic stimulus measures that the government has continuously provided to the public, such as good shopping and building tax measures, and prices of many agricultural crops have improved. As a result, farmers have higher incomes and improved purchasing power in the provinces. The baht price weakened slightly.
Opening the work "Setha Thaweesin" before taking a break from politics, Pansansiri has continued to profit. Even in the face of a crisis.|Opened the management portfolio of Sansiri Public Company Limited for the last 5 years of Mr. Setha Thaweesin President and CEO of Sansiri Public Company Limited (SIRI) after announcing a temporary suspension to fully engage in politics. According to the survey, Sansiri has achieved strong profit growth despite the Covid-19 crisis. It is the most profitable in 38 years. At present, Sansiri Public Company Limited (SIRI) is among the property developers. The real estate development business is divided into 3 main business groups, comprising: 1. Business for sale by developing low-rise and high-rise residential projects; 2. Business for renting office buildings and commercial buildings, which are projects that sell leasehold rights, and 3. Real estate service business. Brokerage business and real estate project management services dating back to 5 years ago or 2018. Total revenue was 27,039.75 million baht and net profit was 2,045.98 million baht. At that time, Sansiri set an important goal to create a new phenomenon in the Thai real estate industry like never before by incorporating residential innovations into new projects under the concept of "Journey for Tomorrow". Responding to the trend of living in the new generation Under the concept of "Expand every preference, make it possible". The low-rise real estate development business also saw good sales for all projects sponsored despite the COVID-19 crisis. As a result, project sales decreased slightly from the previous year, but there was a good cost management plan. As a result, the 2019 financial results were 25,360.35 million baht. Net profit grew to THB 2,392.44 million for 2020, a year when Sansiri faced another challenge in doing business. Under the COVID-19 situation that has affected the whole world, including Thailand. Choose to develop mass customer penetration projects through a proactive and strategic plan. "Made for Life Made for Everyone" and its mission is to be a "brand accessible to everyone". As a result, this year's transfer amount is the highest in 36 years, contrary to the economic outlook and the COVID-19 crisis, which the company considers to be "a year of strength for Sansiri". From increased revenues and still profitable. The company reported 2020 revenue of 34,891.03 million baht. Net profit decreased from the previous year to 1,673.09 million baht. Later, Sansiri announced its plan for 2021 as "The Year of Hope". Return smiles to customers, Sansiri families and society amidst the readiness to adjust plans to cope with the volatile economic situation of the past year. Under the "Speed to Market" strategy to compete with market conditions. Do business with speed and adapt quickly to the situation. As a result, the company had revenue of 29,747.52 million baht. Net profit grew year-on-year to Baht 2,017.28 million. Mr. Setha Thaweesin Before fully entering politics, Sansiri PCL made a total profit in 2022, the highest in 38 years, surpassing 4,280 million baht. Profit growth leaps and bounds Top 112% in the industry Revenue rose to 34,973.59 million baht. This is the result of the response to Sansiri's residential brand, which has always gained good customer confidence, as well as good control over the company's financial discipline. After Setha announced that he would be entering politics. He announced his suspension without receiving a salary and transferred the shares to his daughter by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Report on the change in securities and futures holdings of Sansiri Public Company Limited or SIRI by Mr. Setha Thaweesin All shares were transferred to Ms. Chananda Thaweesin. Children who have reached the age of majority With 661,002,734 shares outstanding on March 8, 2023, it is important to keep an eye on whether Setha's next steps will create excitement in the political sphere as he did with Sansiri.
Statistics of tourists entering Thailand Russia rises to No. 2, Fetco urges state to boost ahead of elections  |Thai tourism is bustling. Foreign tourists are continuing to spill into Thailand due to the country's reopening policy, according to the latest data from the Tourism and Sports Economics Division. According to the report on the arrival of foreign tourists to Thailand, the number of tourists entering Thailand in January 2023 totaled 2,144,948, an increase of 1,502%. 202,759 tourists, up 753% from the previous year, 3rd place 169,462 South Korean tourists, up 7,781% from the previous year, 4th place 103,316 Indian tourists, up 4,867% from the previous year, and 5th place, 91,841 Chinese tourists, up 2,853% from the previous year. Chairman of the Board The Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses (FETCO) revealed that the travel of foreign tourists to Thailand was much better than expected. In 2022, we originally expected 10 million visitors, but in reality, more than 11 million tourists arrived. In January 2023, 2.2 million tourists arrived. "Tourism recovered better than we expected, as in January 2023, more than 2.2 million tourists arrived. It shows that we are still strong and tourism will be an important factor in driving the economy this year"However, if you look at the details, you will find that the highest number of tourists coming to Thailand is still tourists from Malaysia, but the second place is Russian tourists. Why do these tourists come to Thailand? Because Russia is banned from western nations. As tensions between Russia and Ukraine escalate, tourists from Russia have been forced to enter Thailand instead of the electoral rolls. What the Capital Market Council is concerned about is that the tourism sector may be affected by the elections because during that period, the government will not be able to implement tourism stimulus measures due to the transitional period. Therefore, the government should also consider this.
King Power reorganized in 3 decades and continues to build two duty-free locations.|King Power reorganized its army in 3 decades, moving forward with 2 giant projects to open the country, confident in transforming retail and tourism, and adding a new business structure from 4 to 8. King Power Group Chief Executive Officer Said: "In the last three years since the covid outbreak, we have been able to achieve the highest level of covid-19. The cooperation of employees at all levels is an important force in driving the business forward. The WE are powerful than I concept is used as a brand idea of the organization that is formed by the participation of all employees in creating the power of possibility until it is created as the main concept. The Power of Possibilities is focused on discovering and creating new travel experiences for people around the world, and in order to fully support the opening of the country, the Group is preparing to open two new duty-free locations: the Satellite Building, which can accommodate approximately 151,000 passengers per day, and the other in the central business location of the CBD, with a combined commercial area of 10,000 square meters. King Power is ready to join forces with partners from all sectors and employees at all levels to drive the economy and society towards sustainability in all dimensions by adhering to the core of The Power of Possibilities, transforming King Power business into more than just duty-free products through the 4Es strategy, namely: 1. Enable Meet the needs of consumers by bringing new technologies and cultures of the digital world2. 3. Promote creativity and cutting-edge perspectives of people and business partners3. Delivering new possibilities of travel and living experiences to consumers4. Inspire people around the world to come out and live every day to be even more special. In 2023, King Power restructured its organization to be a Multi-Business from 4 cores to 8 core pillars consisting of 1. Travel Retail Business Group 2. Retail Business Group 3. Food Business Group 4. Hospitality Business Group 5. Consumer Products Business Group 6. Travel Experiences 7. Sports Business Group 8. CSR To be able to provide new experiences in various forms quickly and completely, covering all lifestyles, travel and shopping, both online and offline. However, in the past year, the largest remodeling of Suvarnabhumi Airport in 12 years has been carried out, with the key being the World Junction, which brings together more than 20 leading global brands in one place to create the Duty Free World Class Shopping Destination phenomenon. One of everyone, reflecting the colors. The charm of Bangkok THE STANDARD BANGKOK MAHANAKHON HOTEL HAS HELPED TO SUPPORT KING POWER MAHANAKHON TO BE THE ICONIC WORLD CLASS LANDMARK DESTINATION GLOBALLY SPONSORED. We also focus on In addition to the business structure, King Power has always focused on employees, which has always been the driving force of the organization by promoting and developing employee learning skills in various dimensions, as well as awarding Appreciation Recognition to retired employees and employees who have worked for the 30th and 20th anniversary of their 20th anniversary. To encourage and thank the dedication of employees at all levels.
Monetary Policy Lessons After the Covid Crisis and the Ukraine War|Dr. Thitima The Economic Intelligence Center (EIC), SIAM Commercial Bank, after the world went through the COVID crisis and the Russo-Ukrainian War, the IMF has taken the lessons of monetary policy during this crisis. He questioned what makes economists think that this wave of monsoons will cause severe inflation and cause most central banks around the world to reverse monetary policy. And the other question is, what has monetary policy learned for the world going forward that may not be the same low inflation era as before? For example: 1.Understanding that supply-side shock factors have a transitory effect on inflation as it used to. Monetary policy is not in a hurry to deal with high inflation due to supply-side factors in the first place. What happened in this crisis turned out to be that the supply shock factor had a persistent inflation effect and affected production constraints in some sectors of the economy, leading to insufficient supply and demand. This makes the product more expensive. 2.The understanding that the world has been in a period of low inflation for decades and will continue to be like this. The use of monetary policy, fiscal policy, stimulus to the economy fell in the aftermath of the global financial crisis. The Global Financial Crisis of 2008 did not catalyze inflation beyond the target range or did not stimulate employment increases that caused the labor market to become much tighter. What happened in this crisis turned out to be that the relationship between inflation and the labor market had changed. The post-Covid economic recovery has caused the labor market to recover strongly. It has contributed to a sharp rise in inflation in many countries. Especially if some economies return to hot heat quickly, approaching full employment levels. 3.The understanding that inflation in the goods and services category is not particularly different during the economic recovery from the crisis. What happened in this crisis was that during the reopening of the economy after the lockdown. Commodity inflation jumped first from accumulated spending, then switched to service inflation that accelerated after economic activity resumed. As a result, core inflation in the services sector is accelerating steadily at the moment.4.The understanding that the very accommodative monetary policy strategy that has worked in the past will also work. To ensure that the economy and labor market recover well, it is temporarily overlooking high inflation. What happened in this crisis was that the injection of economic policy revived employment for longer. Allow inflation to temporarily exceed the target. Finally, it will keep inflation under control, not being able to look back at what happened, helping to see that the world has changed and may change at all. Inflation may not be as easily controlled as before. Monetary policy strategies may need to change to keep pace with the inflation era.
EA points out electric vehicle charging station business is still tired, wading into mega-charging stations for EV trucks waiting for the private car market to grow.|EA looking tired electric car charging station People are still charging mainly at home. The number of EVs is still too small, ready to build megacharging stations for EV trucks. Waiting for the personal market to grow At least 2,000 electric buses are expected to be delivered. Senior Director, Strategic Development and Investment Planning Department, Pure Energy Public Company Limited (EA), revealed that the company is assessing the direction of electric vehicle charging stations in Thailand with a gradual nature. "We see EV charging now as a feature of charging from home for the most part, and may only charge 1-2% of charging stations outside the home per month, which is a key factor for the charging station business that makes the business profitable." The highlight of the company's charging stations is its extremely high charging power and the ability to charge trucks in 15 minutes, attracting personal cars to charge as well. At present, the company has 1,168 22 kW charging stations and 1,040 150 kW and 300 kW charging stations. Both due to the high availability of electricity reserves and the supply chain of electric vehicle production that supports it. In terms of EA, this year's growth will be mainly driven by the EV business, including the delivery of no less than 2,000 electric buses this year, as well as the business of electric boats, electric trucks, and sponsored electric trains. The company will control the cost of passengers. The maximum fare for electric passenger cars will not exceed 40 baht per day, and if using an electric passenger boat, the maximum charge will be 50 baht per day.
Carabao Group joins S&P ESG Group B Index for the first time|Carabao Group joined S&P ESG Group B for the first time, with a significant improvement from the previous year. The Chief Executive Officer of Carabao Group Public Company Limited (CBG) said that the company participated in the S&P ESG Group B Index for the first time, with a significant improvement from the previous year. Sustainability-based business practices are of the utmost importance. As part of our approach to business with a commitment to the Company's operations in line with its long-term sustainability goals, CBG participated in the S&P ESG Index Group B assessment. In the first year, CBG improved its overall score in various dimensions, with the company's ranking improving from 36th to 83rd in the beverage industry. In 2021, CBG scored the highest score of 100 in the environmental and social reporting category and more than 90 points in five categories: identifying and evaluating sustainability issues; Risk and Crisis Management Tax Strategy CBG has actively implemented its corporate mission and continues to take initiatives in sustainability in line with internationally recognized sustainability practices to take concrete action to respond to the growing challenges of climate change. This includes forward-looking metrics that enable companies to establish the basis for sustainability operations and conduct competitive comparisons. Help companies learn from the most effective companies to improve their productivity, as well as information about what's happening in the market along with the right strategies that create long-term sustainable growth.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 10 Mar 2023 Open Friday Morning Market Up 200 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Friday morning, March 10, 2023, up 200 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,350 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" was sold at 30,850 baht per baht on the 10th day. Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 9:28 a.m., the price jumped 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,250 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" sells out 30,350 baht per baht, while "Gold Jewelry" buys 29,698.44 baht and sells out 30,000 baht. 850 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 15,125 baht sell out 15,175 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 14,849.22 baht sell out 15,425 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion buy 7,562.50 baht sell out 7,587.50 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,424.61 baht sell out 7,712.50 baht gold bullion today 1/2 slueng buy 3,781.25 baht sell out 3,793.75 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,712.305 baht sell out 3,856.25 baht sponsored. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks tumbled by 1,600 points as Fed worries continued strong use of drugs. The broker is pointing to the buying zone.|The stock market on March 10 showed that the Thai stock market faced the same heavy sell-off as stock markets across Asia. Under pressure from the Federal Reserve, interest rates may rise stronger than expected. As a result, the index came down to test the key support of 1,600 points. Assistant Managing Director Securities Analysis Department Trinity said the Thai stock market today fell in line with neighboring stock markets, which was considered as expected. The decline was not large compared to Asian markets, which were generally affected by the U.S. stock market, particularly small banks lending to startups and technology companies, as well as concerns over tonight's release of U.S. employment figures. If it comes out positively, it will cause the Federal Reserve (Fed). It is likely to continue raising interest rates again. It is viewed that the investors sell their shares as a risk of investment in the upcoming events. Next week will also have to follow the release of the US inflation figures on March 14. But this week, even after the valuation fell, there were no analysts adjusting their forecasts, so they viewed it as a "buy zone rather than a sell zone", however, it provided support at 1,580-1,600 points and resistance at 1,630 points.
Yum Yum Chang Noi has increased in price in 20 years, but it sells well because it is more of a snack than instant noodles.|Yum Yum Chang Noi has increased in price in 20 years, but sales are still good because it is more than instant noodles, ready to continue to add a facelift, yum yum recipe, new flavor, to win the market share of 20 billion baht. The President of OneThai Food Industry Co., Ltd. said that the overall instant noodle market from January to December 2022 was approximately 20 billion baht. The yellow instant noodle market accounted for 94% of the total instant noodle market and continued to grow in terms of value. This is mainly due to the price adjustment of instant noodles in sachets from the original 6 baht to 7 baht since November 2018. Mass group instant noodles continued to sell well. From prices that meet the needs of rising inflation. Premium instant noodles are also growing with the consumption trends of the younger generation and the variety of flavors today. Yum Yum has a market share of 21.4% quantitatively and ranks 2nd in the yellow instant noodle market in 2022. All brands are trying to seize opportunities in the premium segment by launching a variety of flavors with new flavors sponsored as well as the creation of Brand Collabs. From reasonable price to cost of living The negative factors are the impact of energy costs, labor, important raw materials such as wheat flour, palm oil, and key ingredients in seasonings are priced higher. Mr. Yuji said that Yumyum's target for 66 is expected to achieve full-year growth of 14% year-on-year (2022). This will lead to an increase in overall market share for international markets like the European Union and China, which will drive the market by launching new products as well. In terms of investment in the factory, the company will invest more in the development of production to be more efficient, and plans to consider large-scale investment in the medium term for the next 2-3 years. Marketing Manager Local and international businesses said that in the past, we have raised the price of instant noodles. Yum Yum Chang Noi in 20 years by selling 3.30 baht per sachet from the original price of 2 baht per pack. We can see that most consumers will not boil it, but will start by squeezing it. At present, we have 5 flavors of Yum Yum Chang Noi, namely corn, BBQ, Tom Yum Kung, Nori Seaweed and Super Lemon. - Yum Yum Chang Noi targets children aged 6-12 years - Yum Yum Cup and Yum Yum Recipe in sachets and cups New Generation or Gen-Z- Yum Yum Jumbo target group of all ages from 18-55 years old by the brand's number one selling product. Yum yum is yum yum jumbo, minced pork flavor, tom yum shrimp flavor and tom yum shrimp flavor with thick water. Spicy Lobster also uses insights from consumer research to improve and inspire brands. This change has both packaging and new flavors. Therefore, we have developed a new yum yum recipe with sponsored key features such as the texture of the noodles that are chewy and soft, the noodles go well with both soups and sauces. Develop the flavor of powdered seasonings and oils to be concentrated in all flavors. Launched a new flavor: truffle flavor with crab cream sauce. Dry type, including packaging design Focus on the facelift of the Yum Yum Logo The new model will be 360-degree under the Beyond Irresistible campaign with a marketing budget of 70 million baht. By communicating through digital media. Out-of-home media and promotional presentations through all sales channels, as well as tasting and promotional activities throughout the year nationwide. Ready to pull We believe that Bogie Lion will be able to raise awareness and open up new experiences for consumers.
Retracing the Nokia empire from a paper factory to a telecommunications giant|When it comes to Nokia, many people will think of the mobile phone brand that was successful in the world mobile phone market more than 20 years ago, dominating the unity with its durable push-button design and body. Wearing a camera, ringtones, games, or even having a 3G network that allows users to browse the website. But then the emergence of various iPhone and smartphone brands that come with Android reform systems came to discredit Nokia's popularity in full. On February 26, Nokia announced a rebranding under the management of current CEO Pekka Lundmark to shake off the image of a mobile phone manufacturing company and present a new image that aims to be a leader in network technology by pioneering future innovations to bring network and cloud technologies together. Thairath Money will take a look back at Nokia's history to give a clearer picture of the business transition, including knowing more about Nokia that is no longer a mobile manufacturing company. Initially, the business involved paper mills. In 1992, the company switched its focus to the telecommunications business, in 1992 it launched the world's first GSM mobile phone and became the world's mobile market leader in 1998, holding a market share of over 51%, but after the launch of the iPhone and the popularity of the Android operating system, Nokia's sales fell sharply due to the technology of its competitors. Mobile Network creates products and services that cover all mobile technologies. Includes products Radio access network and microwave radio, as well as related network management solutions, as well as network planning and optimization. Network deployment and technical support services In 2022, revenue grew by 10% from research investments to enhance the development of network infrastructure products. Government agencies or service providers create database systems (Web scalers) to create data connections and communication within the organization. Fiber optic network connectivity and subocean network connectivity help transition organizations to the cloud. In 2022, revenue grew by 18% from wired network connectivity and subocean network connectivity, cloud and network services. Cloud and Network Service, a cloud solution that combines advanced software knowledge. Nokia's cloud and core network expertise combines with 5G, Core, IoT technology to help customers find opportunities to expand and transform their business into three industries: 5G networking, cloud communication platforms and software, and as-a-service business models, empowering organizations to compete in the digital age. Nokia Technologies is responsible for managing the patent portfolio and monetizing Nokia's intellectual property, whether patents, technologies or trademarks, helping to generate continued growth through long-term investments in research and development to drive technology standards and maintain leadership in innovation underlying theguardian, bbc, techcrunch, statista, nokia 1 2.
National Bank cracks down on scammers, tightens rules to control mobile banking, transfers 50 thousand must scan pages |The Bank of Thailand (BOT) has issued financial fraud management measures as a minimum guideline for financial institutions .... All places follow the same standards. To take care of financial transactions along the way, which will help solve problems for people faster and more comprehensively. Focus on mobile banking control measures because it is the main channel for fraudsters to cheat because there are currently more people making financial transactions through mobile banking than transactions at branches. Details are as follows: 1. Preventive measures include: - Unattaching OTP transaction links and requesting personal information via SMS and email - Keeping mobile banking security up to date - If an online account is opened or transactions with a credit limit of 50,000 or more, customers must verify their identity through the biometrics system. Now that all banks have completed their operations, they have a 24-hour system to detect and track irregular transactions to immediately suspend transactions and accounts. The bank has jointly designed and developed the Central Fraud Registry to be able to exchange account information, suspicious transactions and interbank accounts in order to track and prevent potential damages. The Royal Thai Police, the Thai Bankers Association and the Association of State Financial Institutions All banks have completed their response and countermeasures. Consists of 24-hour hotline 7 days a day, victims can report the incident directly and analyze the complaint to find a solution. Several member banks are now in operation - supporting police investigations. To find out the cause and the culprit. Clearly require responsible persons to coordinate with various departments - take care of service providers. If the damage is found to be caused by the bank's deficiencies, it will be considered on a case-by-case basis, and it will also cooperate with other relevant agencies such as e-wallet service providers and mobile network operators to drive an effective solution to financial fraud and cover the end-to-end ecosystem that fraudsters like to use.
Public-private banks join hands to fight fraudsters, refrain from sending SMS-links to request customer information |Ms. Sirithida Phanomwan Na Ayutthaya, Assistant Governor Payment System Supervision and Financial Consumer Protection Line Bank of Thailand (BOT) Financial institutions have accelerated the implementation of the minimum guidelines that the BOT has asked all companies to comply with in order to take care of financial transactions along the route and be prepared to support the implementation of the Prevention and Suppression of Technological Crime Act, as well as taking care of customers. February 23 and will be completed at the end of the month. This includes accelerating the improvement of security systems in the banking application to be completed within a month. This March While the improvement of the system to detect abnormal money transfer behavior 24 hours a day is expected to be completed everywhere by the end of this year, "Face scans, which many people are worried about, will be gradually carried out to give both commercial banks and citizens time to adjust. June onwards In the meantime, the Bank must prepare the system and update the customer's page image information first." The Chairman of the Thai Bankers' Association said that the association and its member banks are ready to enhance the security of the banking sector. By working together to refrain from sending SMS with links to contact customers, accelerate the development of fraud prevention systems and use technology to detect suspicious transactions. The bank is ready to invest more in order to develop a higher security system and be ready to take care of customers when the security system is ready. Elderly people, retail customers) who are at risk of being scammed, so government financial institutions are ready to invest in security systems. Implement financial fraud prevention guidelines including educating the public, especially issuing warning notices on not sending links to customers and the public, and opening financial disaster call centers.
"We Travel Together" Phase 5 was fully booked for 5.6 lakh rights in 4 days.|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) He said it was open to the public to book the We Travel Together project. Phase 5 totals 560,000 privileges/room according to the government's help to pay 40% of the accommodation fee, only 4 days have expired after TAT opened the reservation on March 7, 2023 as the first day and was fully booked on March 10, 2023. Total booking and initial payment value 2,033 million baht It is divided into 1,251 million baht paid by the people and 782 million baht in government subsidies. It was found that bookings are concentrated mainly on seaside attractions, reflecting the habit of traveling to the sea during the summer months. The no. 1 province was Chonburi with 368 million baht, followed by Prachuap Khiri Khan with 278 million baht. Phetchaburi 167 million baht Trat 137 million baht Phuket 132 Million Baht Rayong 121 Million Baht Chanthaburi 103 million baht Bangkok 94 Million Baht Krabi 87 million baht and Phang Nga 82 million baht. In total, the first 10 provinces that were booked accounted for a total value of 1,575 million baht. However, we travel together. Phase 5 received 2,016 million baht in government subsidies. The government allows 40% of the room fee up to 3,000 baht per room to be used for 5 privileges/room per person and 600 baht per day for e-vouchers. Date 10 Mar 23 Until last day 30 Apr 23 The project aims to generate a total revenue of 12,539 million baht. IT IS DIVIDED INTO DIRECT INCOME OF 9,205 MILLION BAHT AND INDIRECT INCOME OF 3,334 MILLION BAHT.
Disintegrate the old power pole Saksiam "Sovereign" Pranrit dismantled the acting director-general's chair.|Reporters reported that after the Constitutional Court accepted the petition, the court rejected the petition. Member of the House of Representatives (MP) In the case of knot holding shares in Buri Charoen Construction Co., Ltd. and having an order to Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport He ceased to perform his duties as Minister of Transport. On March 3, 2016, mr. The Deputy Minister of Transport took over as Acting Minister. The transport minister was last seen at the end of the week. He called a meeting of all heads of government agencies under the Ministry of Transport to expedite the budget monitoring and ordered that after this they would take over all the work of the Ministry of Transport. Which projects are delayed, which parts of the budget will be expedited, or which parts of the budget can be supplemented? The president will be the one pushing for it all, and will take care of it until there is a new government. On March 10, Mr. Athirat Rattanasert Deputy Minister of Transport The Acting Minister of Transport has signed an order of the Ministry of Transport repealing Ministry of Transport Order No. 991/2565 appointing Mr. Sorapong Phaithoonpong. The Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Transport (Senior Executive Officer) shall be the Acting Director-General of the Port Department (Senior Executive Officer) by the order giving reasons for the cancellation of the order, that in order to ensure that the public administration within the Department of The Port Department is appropriate, neat and efficient. The Inspector General of the Ministry of Transport took office. Acting Director-General of the Port Authority by performing duties in another acting position. Instead of Mr. Sorapong, who was previously appointed by Mr. Saksiam, which caused a lot of criticism among officials of the Ministry of Transport, it is also expected that Mr. Adhirat will come in and move in many positions due to the previous appointment within the Ministry of Transport. Mr. Saksiam will be the director and has only one full power. Phaithoonpong Deputy Permanent Secretary The Ministry of Transport, as the Acting Director-General of the Port Authority (MOAT), said that in this regard, he had voluntarily reduced his duties because he had been involved in solving problems related to Thai navigation and had passed an assessment by the International Maritime Organization (IMO), which had already passed the assessment on all 64 questions. Just one position.
3 ways to raise the new electricity bill higher than 4.72 baht/unit.|3 options to raise new electricity bills a month From 6.72, 4.84 and 4.77 baht/unit The hearing will be held from March 10-20. The public vote to offer is lower than the case study, the MP pointed out is still too high. The government rushed to cut electricity bills before Vietnam scrambles foreign investors to discourage Mr. Kamkrit Tantrawanich. Secretary-General of the Energy Regulatory Commission It was revealed that the KGB is open for comments on the calculation of electricity bills according to the automatic tariff adjustment formula (FT) in order to consider the adjustment of electricity bills charged to the public for the monthly period. This May-August in 3 ways: 1. Electricity charged to the public (excluding VAT or VAT) increased to 6.72 baht/unit from the current 4.72 baht/unit on the condition of reimbursement of outstanding costs to the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) in 1 installment, while the FT fee will be charged 293.60 satang (Sat)/unit to compensate for actual costs or accumulated accumulated monthly costs. Sep 2021-Dec 2022 of EGAT total 150,268 million baht2.Electricity charged to the public (excluding VAT) Increased to 4.84 baht/unit from 4.72 baht/unit on the condition of reimbursement of outstanding and actual costs to EGAT for 5 periods. Jan-Apr 136,686 Million Baht Some of them amounted to Baht 27,337 million per installment or 41.88 Baht/unit, equivalent to an FT of 105.25 Baht/Unit by EGAT. The actual cost burden must be managed on behalf of the people. 109,349 million baht and will be fully refunded within the month. Dec.673.Electricity bills charged to the public (excluding VAT) Increased to 4.77 baht/unit from 4.72 baht/unit on the condition of reimbursement of outstanding costs in 6 periods to compensate for the actual costs expected to remain from the month. Jan-Apr 23 136,686 Million Baht Some of them amount to 22,781 million baht or 34.90 baht per unit, equivalent to an FT of 98.27 baht per unit, which EGAT will receive a full refund within 2 years or by April 2025. 113,905 million SPONSORED for cases where multiple parties noted that all 3 approaches There is no way to keep the electricity bill at 4.72 baht/ unit, according to Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao. The Energy Minister has given that policy. This is open for a procedural hearing, but the public can express their opinions on the proposed tariff below the 3 options." March 10-20 Before finalizing the recommendations, propose them to the Board of Directors. (Board of Directors) March 22 Confirm that the consideration of the new FT is an estimate of the costs that will be incurred. It is based on the average actual data in January, when global energy prices were in a downtrend. The volume of natural gas in the Gulf of Thailand gradually increased and the baht strengthened," Mr. Komkrit said. EGAT will listen to opinions on the gradual return of outstanding cost burden to EGAT while maintaining appropriate electricity rates for EGAT to pay the remaining costs. Better financial liquidity and support for the global energy situation and extremely volatile exchange rates. The Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) said that the electricity bills that the KGB has opened for public hearings at 3 rates as low as 4.77 baht per unit are still too high. Although it is likely to decrease to 4.72 baht/unit according to the original electricity bill of the housing group, it is still better than not adjusting from the previous industrial level. The service sector, the agricultural sector, must pay 5.33 baht/unit, important in the medium and long term. The government should find measures to reduce electricity prices as low as possible because compared to competitors, especially Vietnam, the electricity cost is 2.80 baht / unit, which is very worrying because it affects the decisions of many new investors. The idea of relocating production base, as well as labor costs, also affects investors' decisions. Meanwhile, If electricity bills are very low, it will be good for consumers. Compared to Thailand According to the latest Direct Investment Survey of the International Trade Promotion Organization (Bangkok) or Jethro, 10% of Japanese investors from 2,000 companies are likely to move out of Thailand due to high labor and electricity costs. Most of them are labor-intensive groups such as textiles, apparel".
ThaiBev prepares to withdraw "OISHI" from the stock market, making a Tender Offer priced at 59 baht|ThaiBev is preparing to withdraw "OISHI" from the stock market, making a tender offer at a price of 59.00 baht, giving reasons for wanting to restructure the food business and the trading volume of OISHI's shares is not large on March 11, 2023. It stated that the Board of Directors' meeting was aware of the company's Thai Beverage Public Company Limited or ThaiBev is preparing to make an Offer at a price of 59.00 baht per share before delisting from the SET. ThaiBev is the major shareholder of the Company (as of December 13, 2022) ThaiBev holds a total of 298,720,398 shares or 79.66% of the company's total issued and outstanding shares. ThaiBev intends to tender all remaining 76,279,602 ordinary shares, representing 20.34% of the company's total issued and outstanding shares. There are not many of them. ThaiBev therefore considers that the tender offer to delist all of the Company's ordinary shares will increase the options and opportunities for minority shareholders of the Company to sell their shares. ThaiBev Group is conducting a feasibility study on the restructuring plan of the food and non-alcoholic beverage business within the group in order to increase management efficiency. Increase the potential of sponsored business by organizing the food and non-alcoholic beverage business groups to be more clear. This includes the restructuring of the business in matters which may be carried out in the manner of acquisition, disposition or transfer of assets or rights, mergers and acquisitions, transfers of rights under financial contracts. Changes in business strategy or approach Changes in management policy Employee transfers, borrowings, loans However, the restructuring may involve transactions or transactions between the Company and ThaiBev or thaibev group companies. ThaiBev will consider implementing such plans as appropriate in the future. Therefore, the delisting of the Company's securities from being listed securities will allow for greater flexibility in the management of the business and the restructuring plan. If OISHI does not have the status of a listed company in the Stock Exchange of Thailand This will also reduce the costs associated with becoming a listed company. (Click here).
Around the market : Dr. Chairat Panduramporn receives The Best of CEO People Leader award|Market Round 11 Mar 23 Thairath Online News Team has gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests The following are the following: Dr. Chairat Panduraamporn Group Chief Executive Officer, Samitivej Hospital and BNH Hospital The winner of the People Management Award 2022 in the category of The Best of CEO People Leader from the Personnel Management Association of Thailand (PMAT). Dr. Chairat said that recruiting employees is the first step for the organization to meet people with passion, which is the starting point for working to achieve the organization's goals. When employees are motivated to work to achieve their goals, executives need to know what each employee's goals are. How can an organization respond to the needs of finding employees with passion to work? It was born out of the initial opening of the application. We have to do interviews to see habits, attitudes, look at life goals. Because commitment is the most important, one hundred wisdom is not equal to cravings, because one craving makes people find hundreds of ways to reach that craving. Samitivej Hospital's goal is to make the lives of patients, employees, doctors, partners. Better community than old, create value Create an Eco System to take care of people, how to keep people from getting sick. We aim to create value, so we need to find people who want to create value along with us. Leading the organization towards sustainability Mr. Thanawat Trivisavate Managing Director of CK Power Public Company Limited (CKP) said: "We are one of the largest producers of renewable electricity and have one of the lowest corporate carbon footprints in the region. CK Power has won two prestigious global awards for its environmental work: Best Green Bond Hydropower Plant Framework from the International Finance Awards and Most Sustainable Hydro Power Company award from The Global Economics Awards. In the region, it is gratifying that the issuance of green bonds to conserve this environment. It has attracted a lot of attention from investors, reflected by the prestigious awards received, which will drive us to continue towards this main goal. The Executive Director of Pet Protect Food Co., Ltd. said that throughout the past, Kaniva cat food has also focused on marketing communication through online and offline channels. Kaniva cat food is fragrant, delicious, low in sodium, not salty, and meat is the number one ingredient. Does not contain corn and gluten. Rich in omega 3 and 6 from salmon oil and evening primrose oil, it nourishes hair and skin. For a beautiful, shiny cat Latest Good Health Kaniva chose 2 famous young actors as presenters. And most recently, in 2023, launched Mr. Bible Wichapas. Sumettikul is one more presenter because both of them have a brand mindset. Who loves and sees pets as family members and has a concept that aligns with the brand. To strengthen the army and expand the new customer base to communicate and convey the brand image. Charoen Pokphand Food Public Company Limited or CPF, a manufacturer and distributor of CP sausage products, reinforces its market leadership, guaranteeing the No.1 Brand award for 2 consecutive years. Brand launch CP FI-IT Sausage and bologna products that are high in protein Reduced fat and sodium Enhance healthy food for consumers and organize the CP FI-IT x JOOX FI-IT OUT LOUD campaign, get fit and have fun with JOOX Music Streaming, Asia's largest music streaming. Create an active and healthy lifestyle led by 2 presenters Bebe-Thanychanok Rittinaka, Kwanjaisaifit, and Win-Methwin Opas-Iamkajorn, representatives of the new generation. Despite how busy the work is, he still takes care of himself with a healthy diet that opens the floor through music with hundreds of fit souls. Chief Strategy and Business Planning Officer Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited in collaboration with Aruncha Panuphan referee Major Care Foundation donated "Movie Room for Learning" to Thung Mahamek Audiovisual School, a school for children with hearing impairments. Krungsri and Major have jointly renovated a room with all the new equipment for watching movies to open up a world of learning. To enhance imagination and happiness for children through the media of movies, cartoons and documentaries, with Sirirat Supasong, Deputy Director of the Office of Special Education Administration, Office of the Basic Education Commission, Ministry of Education, Panadda Wongjinda. Director of Tungmahamek Audiovisual School is the presenter at Thung Mahamek Audiovisual SchoolSPONSOREDNocNoc The first fully integrated furniture and home db center in Thailand, home and living group SMEs across Thailand to have distribution channels through e-Commerce on all nocnoc platforms to increase sales efficiently. Pilot major business districts Chonburi, Phuket, Korat and Chiang Mai Throughout 2023
Commerce moved lower in prices.|Capt. Chakra Yodmanee Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade Last week, prices of several products fell compared to the previous month. Feb 23 Retail price of pork The nationwide average of chicken and eggs decreased by 3-9% due to the continuous production to the market, with red meat pork averaging 149 baht per kilogram (kg). 9% reduction, chicken and calf with hips, average 70 baht per 3% decrease, chicken thighs average 72 baht per kg. 4% decrease, chicken thighs average 76 baht per kg 4% decrease, chicken breast (leathered) average 76 baht per kg And egg no. 3 averaged 3.59 baht per egg, down 7%. In terms of red meat pork, it was found that the lowest price is 117 baht per At Makro Department Store, chicken calves with hips are cheapest at 55 baht per kg. Chicken thighs are cheapest 57 baht per kg. Chicken thighs are cheapest at 67 baht per kg. At Makro Department Store, chicken breast (leather) is cheapest 65 baht per kg. At Makro, Lotus and Big C, egg no. 3 is the cheapest at 3.30 baht per egg. Pho Chai Market, Nong Khai 130 baht per Cheapest kg in Bangkok and vicinity 140 baht per e.g. Petchnon Base Market Fine Money Market Wonder Department Store Back Market, Chicken and Calf With Hips, the cheapest in the country is at the Municipal Fresh Market 1, Chiang Rai Province, 56 baht per Cheapest kg in Bangkok and vicinity 65 baht per kg e.g. Petchnon Base Market The market behind Wonder Department Store, Thung Khru Plaza Market and Chicken Egg No. 3 is the cheapest in the country at Suk Family Market. Pattani 3.0 baht, cheapest in Bangkok and vicinity 3.50 baht per bubble, such as Samrong New Market. Lat Phrao 123 Market, Hathaimitr Market and Prannok MarketSPONSORED for an average of 46 baht per bottle of palm oil nationwide. The lowest price was at Makro department store at 41.75 baht per bottle and soybean oil at 61 baht, the cheapest price was at Lotus department store at 57 baht per bottle. The price is now averaging 1,000 baht, but many areas are already under 1,000 baht.
Silicon Valley bank crisis closes in 2 days, shakes U.S. throne as tech master|This is another major crisis for the financial sector. Last week, Silicon Valley Bank in the U.S. closed and authorities took over 48 hours of bank runs. This may not have much impact on the banking sector itself. Founded in 1983, SVB is a bank focused on financing startups. It is the largest bank in Silicon Valley, known as the world's model of innovation and technology, and more than half of venture capital and startups in the U.S. transact through SVB. SVB is one of the top 20 commercial banks in the U.S. with total assets of about $209 billion at the end of last year, according to the U.S. Federal Deposit Protection Institute (FDIC) and SVB's latest market cap of around $6.28 billion. Venture Capital's capital is very generous. As a result, startups are raising funds and can close deals quickly. Money flows into the tech industry, especially risky businesses that expect 10X returns, such as startups. When startups are already raising funds. Most of the money is deposited in Silicon Valley Bank, which has led to a lot of liquidity coming in. As a result, the technology industry began to suffer. Venture Capital's investment situation is diminishing. The startup industry is in a downturn, so SVB is also affected. In the past, the Bank has experienced a decrease in profitability, and the deposits of startups have also decreased. The rate of burning is twice as high as before 2021, in addition to the overall technology industry and startup fundraising. There are also factors from the Federal Reserve's insane rate hikes to curb inflation. As a result, higher interest rates have undermined the momentum of the above-mentioned technology companies, while more than 50% of SVB's asset portfolio is invested in bonds, particularly MBS government bonds, around $21 billion, with an average yield of only 1.79%. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note is currently around 3.9%, so SVB has been hit hard. This means that the assets held by SVB have all the losses, leading to a lack of liquidity, forcing banks to sell their assets to compensate. Therefore, SVB inevitably needs to bear unrealized losses in bonds. As customer withdrawal rates continued to rise, SVB announced on Wednesday that it had lost $1.8 billion in government bonds in Q4/2022 and would increase its capital by selling over $2.25 billion worth of new shares to supplement its balance sheet. SVB's shares fell sharply. Banking stocks fell as well. JP Morgan fell 5.41%, Bank of Amarica fell 6.20%, Wells Fargo fell 6.18% as investors worried about a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. SVB's shares were stopped trading, as well as rapidly abandoning capital raising efforts, and intervened by California regulators to shut down banks, and FDIC finally took over. Could the United States lose its competitiveness on the technology side?  The SVB's shutdown, although the biggest crisis since the 2008 U.S. financial crisis, is unlikely to cause a domino effect on the banking industry because it is too small to pose a threat to the broader system. With FDIC guaranteeing that all accounts will receive a $250,000 deposit back as soon as possible, the lottery will likely go to the U.S. tech industry. It's not just about depositing money or lending to businesses. Instead, they are employees of silicon valley-based technology companies, some of whom have mortgaged their homes and car loans there. At this time, when the incident has just happened, there may not be a very clear impact. But many companies are struggling to get their deposits out, as well as paying salaries to their employees, with Y Combinator, one of the world's most famous startup accelerators. In a letter to Congress to Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen and other regulators calling for immediate relief from startups and employees depositing money with SVB, the letter said: There are over 37,000 small businesses with more than US$250,000 in deposits, i.e. over 96% of SVB's deposit accounts exceed US$250,000. The balance is currently unavailable and may not be accessible for months to years. Without further intervention for the Y Combinator community, more than a third of startups use SVB as a single bank account. And this event will affect more than 10,000 small businesses and startups. It affects more than 100,000 jobs in the brightest innovation sector in the U.S. economy. It will have an immediate impact on the U.S. technology industry and U.S. competitiveness around the world, and thus U.S. competitiveness. In addition, there is a movement from Venture Capital to set up a temporary cash fund to help affected startups to be able to pay their employees' salaries next week. Which solution is the best, including the challenges in the United States? How to move on with the fate hanging from the yarn of silicon valley startups that, if all fallen, will definitely affect the competitiveness of the technology industry in the long run, according to CNN, NYtime, Y Combinator, Bloomberg. 
Gold Price Gold Price Today 11 Mar 2023 Open On Saturday, 300 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Saturday morning, March 11, 2023, up 300 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 30,650 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 31,150 baht per baht on the 11th. Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.28 a.m., the price jumped 300 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 30,550 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" sells out 30,650 baht per baht, while "Gold Jewelry" buys 30,001.64 baht, sells out 31,001.64 baht. 150 Baht Gold Price Today 2 Shilling 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 15,275 Baht Sell Out 15,325 Baht Gold 2 Shillings Buy 15,000.82 Baht Sell Out 15,575 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Slung Gold Bar 1 Slueng Buy 7,637.50 Baht Sell Out 7,662.50 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slueng Buy 7,500.41 Baht Sell Out 7,787.50 Baht SPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bar 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,818.75 Baht Sell Out 3,831.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,750.20 Baht Sell Out 3,893.75 Baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Carry the bank according to the formula. Federal Reserve sets $25 billion fund Helping those affected by bank falls|After California regulators closed it, the U.S. Deposit Insurance Institute (FDIC) took over Silicon Valley Bank on Saturday. (11 Mar 23) Following the closure of Signature Bank, a New York state commercial bank that lends the majority of its loans to crypto companies, the FDIC announced its approval of a plan to help both depositors and financial institutions associated with Silicon Valley Bank by guaranteeing that all accounts will be repaid as soon as possible at the earliest $250,000 per account protection as early as Monday (March 13, 2023) after an urgent meeting of the relevant regulators that held a joint statement, including Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen and FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg. Banks, savings associations, credit unions, other depository institutions, as well as mortgage-backed securities are ready to receive good quality assets as collateral for loans, with par prices as an additional source of liquidity for high-quality securities. "This will help reduce stress on the financial system, support financial stability and reduce the impact on businesses and the broader economy, as the Federal Reserve prepares for potential liquidity pressures," the FED said in a statement. As a result, the risky asset market rose, with Bitcoin rising sharply above the $22,000 mark again. Meanwhile, stable coins like USDC, whose price has slipped peg, have returned to the $1 level again, according to the Federal Reserve, CNBC.
The SEC pointed out that the U.S. banking crisis did not affect the Thai stock market.|Stock trading movements on the Stock Exchange of Thailand this morning Thai stock market indices fell sharply by region. Before the buying force came in massively and turned positive. This was mainly due to the closure of silicon valley banks, which caused concern and caused a global sell-off of risky assets. Silicon Valley Bank and Silvergate due to lack of liquidity have a noticeable impact on the U.S. stock market, which investors are worried about whether it will escalate into a major financial crisis like the one that caused the subprime crisis. Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) said that the incident did not directly affect Thailand because Thai commercial banks are strong, have high average reserves, and the proportion of venture capital and cryptocurrency in Thailand is low compared to the entire economy. In the past, it has been seen that foreign investment (fund flow) has come in from shifting investments in less risk to greater risk. Investing in emerging countries such as Thailand is expected to have higher returns than investing in low-interest bonds, but there are currently factors in which the Federal Reserve (Fed) raises interest rates. In the event of a liquidity decline, foreign investment may be seen as normal. However, it is believed that when the situation is resolved, foreign investment flows may be seen returning. Due to the current level of liquidity, the level of liquidity has decreased to the point that it causes various news that may not be so severe, but has a very expanding effect, causing investors or depositors to become unsure and withdraw money at the same time. As a result, commercial banks have difficulty managing liquidity, which can happen anywhere in the world. Deputy Manager Head of Corporate Strategic Planning The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) said that from 2022 to this year The main factor affecting foreign currency in the Thai stock market is the increase in US interest rates. Foreign investors sold net for the first month in February at 43,562 million baht. After being a net buyer for four consecutive months while short-term uncertainty caused the SET Index to swing in a narrow range, 4 main factors that could affect investment conditions as well as the inflow of foreign capital to the Thai stock exchange are the Fed's interest rate hike policy, which, although delaying interest rate hikes will be good for global stock indices, but in the short term, the Fed's statement will create volatility. After the opening of the country, it will have a positive effect on Thai tourism, which has about 10-15 million Chinese tourists per year. It will support the export sector and the Russia-Ukraine geopolitical conflict will affect Thailand. Because Thailand has a wide range of trading partners and is currently quite dependent on ASEAN. This may also benefit from the relocation of production bases to Thailand. It is also estimated that as long as such factors are prolonged, it will be an indirect positive effect on the Thai stock market, which will see fund flows flowing in for short-term evacuation. However, if both sides find a mutual agreement, it is expected to see fund flows back to countries that have been heavily affected by such factors previously.
Thai stocks today, March 13, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 0.43 points, the index was at 1,599 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed 0.43 lower. The index is at 1,599.22. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 13, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell 0.43, a change of -0.03%. The index is at 1,599.22. The turnover was 36,026.85 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
S Cola re-flavors add cinnamon cloves to the hearts of GEN Z|Thai Drink re-flavors "S Cola" adds cinnamon cloves to focus even more Believe that GEN Z is ready to win 48.2 billion shares on March 13, 2023, reporters reported that earlier in the online world, there was a debate and search for the missing S cola soft drink from markets and department stores. Marketing Director Non-alcoholic beverage business line Thailand Thai Drink Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Company Thai Beverage Co., Ltd. said that S Cola was born and raised with a group of self-capable Gen Z. However, the key challenge is to differentiate S. Cola from the rest of the market and we are the only cola with the spirit of Asia. Therefore, we aim to represent Asian soft drinks that will stand up to the Thai soft drink market worth over 48.2 billion baht. Under the Born to be Awesome communication campaign, Bornza dares to be herself, sponsored by differentiating S. Cola by positioning herself as a friend of the new generation. Especially Gen Zest or Gen Z+est, the brand is ready to support every passion of the new generation. 1. Awesome Taste: A new formula adapted from consumer recommendations. S Cola's product development team has selected spices and spices that are popular with Asians, including cinnamon, cloves and cola seeds. The blend is perfectly blended to create a mellow, fragrant, delicious and refreshing taste by the latest version of S Cola, which has been researched for consumer satisfaction products nationwide in collaboration with Ipsos Thailand. "We have always listened to consumer recommendations, so the development team selected the most popular Asian ingredients, including cinnamon, cloves, to achieve a cola flavor that gives it a unique Asian flavor. 2. Awesome Look : With a new logo design that reflects modernity combined with a modern Asian vibe, and the same logo is applied to both cola and colored water, the packaging is designed with sparkling graphics and colors reflecting cool, modern, fresh and fresh, which is the distinctive feature of S perfectly in all flavors.3. With a campaign that understands Gen Zest, expand the customer base in Thailand and Asia. Attracting idols representing the new generation of Asians, both Korean and Thai, who are the most popular in each industry. Led by Cha Eun-woo, Bogie Lion and Yes Indeed, 3 new volleyball players, the best volleyball players of new blood, gathered together for the first time in the S Cola Born to be Awesome commercial film to invite the new generation of Gen Zest to taste the deliciousness of S Cola and dare to be themselves.
The banking crisis caused gold to surge, hoping for the Fed to delay raising interest rates, helping to push long-term prices.|Gold prices have risen significantly over the past 1 day, with the latest at $1,876 per ounce, up from $1,810 in the previous session, driven by the inflow of money geared towards risky assets from the closure of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), which pushed domestic gold prices to 30,700 baht per baht gold. Chief Executive Officer, Hua Seng Heng Group Gold traders and gold investment analysts said the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds has fallen sharply in recent times. As a result, investors are starting to change their perspective. As a result, gold prices rose bullishly. The company recommends investing in gold, buying at a price level of $1,860 per ounce. It remains to be seen what pressure will be placed on the announcement of the upcoming rate hike. The Fed's 0.5% rate hike in March is expected to be less than expected while investors weigh on how widespread the U.S. banking closure crisis will be. However, the project, implemented by the U.S. Deposit Protection Institute (FDIC), is expected to help people access deposits at banks. Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) has fully eased investors' concerns and eased the situation from the MTS GOLD incident. SVB said on Wednesday that it plans to sell its $2.25 billion stake to boost the bank's liquidity. AFTER SUFFERING A LOSS OF $1.8 BILLION FROM THE SALE OF HOLDINGS OF U.S. TREASURY BONDS, WHICH FELL SHARPLY AS THE FED ANNOUNCED A RATE HIKE TO STAVE OFF INFLATION, THE NEWS PROMPTED GOLD PRICES TO REBOUND. Gold prices rose sharply on Friday night, opening at $1,830.96 and finishing at $1,867.83, while this morning the price of gold was at $1,883. This morning's session The U.S. dollar hit 104.1 points, the lowest in three weeks, as investors worried about the banking sector and a slowdown in U.S. employment, which affected investors who expected the Federal Reserve (Fed) to slow down the pace of interest rate hikes. (TFEX) increased by 4,953 contracts.
BTS shares hit 10-year lows, executives say they have not been prosecuted Believe the contract is correct.|The share price movement of BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited (BTS) fell sharply today. The purchase closed at 6.90 baht, or 8.61%, down 8.61%. It hit a new 10-year low. Dec 2012, with major pressures coming from National Anti-Corruption Commission The P.P.C. has accused Mr. Sukhumphan Bripat, the former governor of Bangkok, and 13 others of hiring Bangkok Mass Transit System (BTSC) to operate the Green Line extension of 3 routes until the year 85. BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited According to a press release this past weekend, In the case of the National Anti-Corruption Commission ("The National Anti-Corruption Commission P.P.C.") filed charges against Mr. Sukhumphan Bripat while serving as Governor of Bangkok with 13 members, including Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited, a subsidiary of BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited, Mr. Kiri Kanjanapas, and Mr. Surapong Laohaanya, as directors of BTSC, regarding the contract for the operation and maintenance of the Green Line Extension project since 2012 (the "Green Line Extension Contract Contract"). Failure to comply with the Law on Private Participation or Conduct in Public Affairs (the "Joint Venture Law") is hereby clarified as follows: (a) This case remains only a procedure for reporting allegations from the Board of Directors. And BTSC has not been indicted as a case. BTSC has the right to object and resolve allegations in accordance with legal process. (b) The Company believes that the contract for the operation of the Green Line Extension (1) In 2007, Bangkok wrote to the Royal Commission regarding the hiring of a private contractor to operate the Green Line extension. The Board of Governors has ruled in its decision no. 222/2007 that private hire to operate the Green Line Extension is not a joint venture or concession under the Joint Venture Law. Kasikorn Bank Bts is preparing for a press conference tomorrow. After the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) The resolution resolved to file charges against Mr. Sukhumphan Bripat, the former governor of Bangkok, and 13 others in the case of hiring Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC) to operate the Green Line extension of 3 routes until the year 85, which is to avoid and fail to comply with the Act on Private Participation or Operation in Public Affairs B.E. 2535 and the Act on Offenses Relating to Bidding to Government Agencies B.E. 2542 and benefit BTSC alone, as proposed by the Inquiry Committee, Thanachart Securities Public Company Limited. "The news is bad news for BTS, although we believe it will take years for the court to decide. But this risk could put the stock price under further pressure. In terms of investment, the asset management has adjusted to 2 cases, in the first case, there is a recommendation to "buy" BTS with a target price of 13 baht, as it is expected to receive a 30-year concession renewal eventually, but if BTS does not renew, our target price will be reduced to 9.5 baht. Our target price will be further reduced to 4.5 Baht.
March 14 : "The President" pushes the Orange Line into Cabinet.|"Adhirat" bets on the lap of the "Orange Line" The troublemaker offered. The committee will consider the decision on March 14. Not waiting for the court's verdict, which still has 3 cases pending a ruling, keep an eye on the coalition government ministers. How to decide? They may be afraid of being sued by BTS. Later, reporters reported that at the Cabinet meeting on March 14, Mr. Athirat Rattanasert Deputy Minister of Transport as Acting The Minister of Transport will propose The Cabinet for approval of the selection of qualified private individuals in the Orange Line project During Bang Khun Non-Minburi (Suwinthawong) with Bangkok Expressway and Skytrain Public Company Limited or BEM, the selection process was followed by the procedure when the Cabinet approved the proposed approval. The Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA) will sign a contract with the private sector. After Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister was ordered by the court to cease performing his duties in office. It appears that Mr. Bishop has taken over the management of the budget in all departments under the Ministry, including trying to bring the results to the selection. Private bids for the Orange Line project are currently being criticized. From the previous Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit has revealed that the project has a change of 30,000 million baht. Mr. Bishop said in an interview that he would investigate the matter clearly. If it is found to be damaged, it will open a new auction. On March 14, the council proposed the matter. MINISTER SPONSORED AT THE MEETING The cabinet is expected to have a coalition government party, including the Bhumjaithai Party, expressing disagreement. Mr. Saksiam has made it clear that he will wait for the court's decision, which has four lawsuits related to the Orange Line project, to reach a conclusion before proceeding. Meanwhile, several coalition ministers joined the government. The reporter reported that at present, there are 4 lawsuits related to the Orange Line, 1 case has already been settled, 1 case is still pending in the court, 3 cases have been decided, for the case that BTSC Group has sued the Administrative Court in case the RFP has not been liked, and now the Supreme Administrative Court has dismissed the case because the RFP and the Selection Committee Section 36 amended the RFP in favor of and did not violate the BTSC Group. A case filed by the BTSC Supreme Administrative Court to cancel the private selection process. Dislike This case, the judge who made the statement. The Supreme Administrative Court said that the abolition of private selection was lawful and factual. The judge reversed the judgment of the Court of First Instance. Currently awaiting the Supreme Administrative Court's decision on the Orange Line project, there is a line connecting Bangkok to the east and west. The distance is 35.9 kilometers (km). It is divided into eastern sections (Cultural Center of Thailand-Minburi (Suwinthawong)). The distance is 22.5 km with 17 stations (10 underground stations and 7 elevated stations) and the western part (Bang Khun Non - Thailand Cultural Center) 13.4 km with 11 stations (underground stations throughout the line).
Car users smile, announce "fuel price reduction" All kinds of sohol groups|I'll fill it up tomorrow. Announcement to reduce the price of gasohol of all types by 30 st. For the "Diesel" and Hi Premium 97 segments, the price remains the same. Effective from 5 a.m. tomorrow, March 13, 2023, reporters reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 30 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 a.m. on March 14, 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 36.05 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.78 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.74 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 34.19 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Bitcoin rebounds above $24,000 Even the financial markets remained volatile due to the SVB crash.|Bitcoin price movements this morning The price has risen back above the $24,000 mark. From the previous move, it was around $21,900. After the Federal Reserve and regulators came to the aid of those affected by the Silicon Valley bank closure, as well as ensuring the strong stability of the banking system in the U.S., it announced full protection of public deposits and guaranteed continued financing and loans through the establishment of a $25 billion Exchange Stabilization Fund as a support base through the creation of a new Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP), offering up to one year of loans to affected institutions. Banks, savings associations, credit unions, other depository institutions, and mortgage-backed securities are ready to receive good quality assets as collateral for loans, while at par prices as an additional source of liquidity for high-quality securities. On Monday (March 13, 2023), the Dow jones index of the New York Stock Exchange closed at 31,819.14, down 90.50 points, or -0.28%. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq composite closed at 11,188.84, up 49.96 points, or +0.45%, on expectations that the Federal Reserve may not raise interest rates at its meeting this month. European stock markets fell the most this year. As a result of concerns over the collapse of Silicon ValleySPONSORED Bank.
Thai stocks fell another 20 points, fearing SVB as a new round of risk, pointing to 1,500 points as a support to invest in. |Movement of stock trading on the Stock Exchange of Thailand This morning, we continue to face a sell-off. This is especially true in large-cap stocks, both in the energy and retail sectors. Pressure to make a low of 1,552.05 points or 21.02 points before buying back in. Chukitkasem, Head of Research and Content, Pie Securities Public Company Limited "The SVB problem is due to the Fed's high policy rate hike and the long-standing interest rate hike, causing high monetary costs to continue to pressure the business sector, and those who are not strong will immediately have problems. If you go back to the situation during Lehman Brothers at that time, the Thai economy was not affected. The decline was due to foreign money flowing out of the Thai stock market. Foreign investors sold about 500 billion baht net of the Thai stock market. In this round, it is believed that Thailand will be affected limitedly due to the continuous influx of foreign tourists. At the same time, Thailand has high reserves and low foreign debt. The private sector is strong and adapts well to the situationSPONSORED, believing that the Thai stock market has already passed the best period of this year and after this, the decline of the stock market in this period is expected not to break 1,500 points. Pie Securities Public Company Limited The company said its business plan for 2023 will be to introduce more technology into the service, pushing the company's applications to create new experiences for its users, with the advantages of an easy-to-understand language like a digital asset trading platform app. The company's application focuses on providing a full range of services, including domestic stock trading. Mutual funds, foreign stocks, and in the future may provide digital asset trading services. The company aims to increase its market share to grow continuously. This year, the company aims to increase its market share in TFEX from 2nd to 1st, as well as increase the proportion of trading in the stock exchange in Thailand and TFEX market to the top 10 in Thailand.
U.S. banking statistics fall from the 2008 subprime crisis to Silicon Valley banks closing in 2023|Data from the U.S. Government Deposit Protection Institute (FDIC) reveals statistics from closed U.S. banks, which Thairath Money has compiled since the subprime loan crisis. In 2008 to date, 25 banks closed, total assets totaled more than 373,588.8 million U.S. dollars, 2009 saw 140 closed banks, total assets of over 170,909.4 million U.S. dollars, 2010 had 157 closed banks, total assets of over 96,514.0 million U.S. dollars in 2011, 92 closed banks, total assets of over 36,012.2 million U.S. dollars, 2012, 51 banks closed, total assets of over 12,055.8 million U.S. dollars in 2013, 24 closed banks, total assets of over 6,101.7 million U.S. dollars, 2014, 18 closed banks, total assets of over 3,088.4 million U.S. dollars, 2015, 8 closed banks, total assets of over 6,727.5 million U.S. dollars, 2016, 5 banks closed, total assets of more than 278.5 million U.S. dollars. 8 million U.S. dollars in 2017, 8 banks closed, total assets of over US$6,530.7 millionSPONSORED in 2018, 0 banks closed, assets over US$0 million in 2019, 4 banks closed, assets over US$214.1 million in 2020, 4 banks closed, total assets over US$458.0 million in 2021, 0 banks closed, assets over US$0 million in 2022, 0 banks closed, assets over US$0 million in 2023, 1 bank closed, assets totaling more than US$209 billion.
Petrol Prices Today 11 Mar 2023 Updated prices for all types of petrol from 4 gas stations|"Oil Prices Today" 11 Mar 23 Updated prices for all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to the last 4 pumps, the price of each litre on the 11th. March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.35 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 36.08 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 34.08 Baht/liter. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.49 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.34 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter High Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.64 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Gasoline E20 at 34.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.35 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 36.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 at 34.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 34.35 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 36.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 36.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85 is 34.49 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 is 34.84 baht/liter Shell FuseSave Gasohol 91 is at 37.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 is at 37.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 is at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.44 Baht/4.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 45.34 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is 34.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 36.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 36.35 baht/liter Diesel B7 is 33.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 45.64 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is 44.26 baht/liter.
Thai stocks today, March 14, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 20.37 points, the index was at 1,552 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 20.37. The index is at 1,552.70. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 14, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell 20.37, a change of -1.29%. The index is at 1,552.70. The turnover was 49,908.42 million baht. The top 4 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. SCB X Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited
State Welfare Card or Poor People's Card Latest Over 7 million successful authentications|Registration Progress The State Welfare Card or The New Poor Card has more than a million people who have successfully passed the verification criteria and suggested an appeal channel for those who do not meet the criteria on March 14, 2023, reported Pornchai Thieravej, director of the Office of Fiscal Policy, as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance. As of March 13, 2023 at 2:00 p.m., a total of 953,223 applicants who have successfully submitted their qualifications can appeal through two channels, namely through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. every day, or through 7 registration agencies, namely Krungthai Savings Bank, Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited (Krungthai Bank). Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) Provincial treasury offices in all provinces, district offices in all districts According to the business days and hours of each agency for March 2023, registrants can request to check the results of the eligibility consideration and appeal at the provincial treasury offices in all provinces every day, including Saturdays. - Sunday from 08.30 – 16.30 hrs. Starting from Saturday, March 11, 2023SPONSORED, eligible applicants can verify their identity at Krungthai Bank, Government Savings Bank and BANK of Thailand every day, including Saturday. General branches from 09.00 a.m. – 04.00 p.m. and department stores from 11.00 a.m. – 4.00 p.m., a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance added. Bedridden patients or elderly people who cannot come to verify their identity by themselves can authorize others to carry out rights checks and/or appeals by preparing the following documents: 1. Id card of the registrant (entitled)2. Id card of the authorized person3. Power of Attorney (available for download on the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th)4. Disability ID card (if any) or medical certificate (if any) Once the applicant has successfully passed the verification criteria, he/she can check his/her identity verification status via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th the next day, or contact the staff of the 7 registration agencies or call the relevant authorities. Qualified persons who do not have a bank account must open a bank account and link their PromptPay account with their citizen ID number. You can open a "Basic Account", which is a deposit account that does not require a minimum amount to open an account. The account category is only available to low-income people enrolled under the State Welfare Registration Program and those aged 65 years and over. The Ministry of Finance spokesperson emphasized that if the qualified person completes the identity verification process within March 1 – 26, 2023 and verifies that they have passed the identity verification (e-KYC) process, they will be able to use the welfare rights through their ID card from April 1, 2023. The public can follow the news and details of the project at the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th Read related news.
ExpoLink Set up Thailand as a hub for children's products in ASEAN Billions expected|ExpoLink aims to become a hub for children's products in ASEAN B2B matching will be held at Kind + Jugend ASEAN 2023, with an expected cash flow of 1 billion on March 14, 2023. Managing Director, Expoling Global Network Limited Agents Cologne Messe He said that the industry related to mother and child products in Thailand has a market value of more than 40 billion baht and is promising, especially for exports abroad. High growth opportunities, whether in Thailand or ASEAN. Especially in the Middle East, whether it is Israel or Saudi Arabia, there is a demand for products related to mother and child products. However, in order to push Thailand to become a hub for baby products and necessities, we are organizing Kind + Jugend ASEAN 2023, which we expect to attract more than 3,000 people from Thailand, the ASEAN region, including China, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia, New Zealand. Store delivery fee Department Store Modern Trade Online Merchants International Schools private school HOSPITALS, HOTELS, DAYCARE CENTERS, ETC. Entrepreneurs will find a wide range of products. Stay up to date with new trends and innovations, learn more from in-depth and useful seminar programs for the mother and child industry, as well as meet with real top manufacturers. Mrs. Uraiwan Bunnag, president of the Thai Toy and Children's Products Trade Association, said that nowadays, parents' buying habits for toys have changed, mainly because they want to strengthen their child's development. The sound development has made the toy not the same anymore. Therefore, entrepreneurs pay more attention to the development of products that meet the market demand. In particular, environmentally friendly products that must take into account sustainable technologies and production innovations, such as wooden toys from rubber, toys from bioplastics that can be biodegradable and reusable, will help Thai entrepreneurs meet the needs of parents who are willing to increase the cost of buying quality and safe products by not less than 15%, which will be about 30% of the cost, which will be about 10% (up from 5% in the past), while also helping to create growth abroad. In 2022, the export toy market is estimated at 9,800 million baht, up 15% from 2021. It is expected that in 2023, exports will increase by at least 10%. Asst.Prof.Dr.Rawin Raviwong The director of the National Science Museum said: "We believe that play is necessary for early childhood. think The ability to adapt to the environment around them. At the same time, children will have fun and be happy. M.P.A. In collaboration with various public and private organizations that recognize the importance of promoting science learning for children. In bringing a mobile exhibition or traveling exhibition from the OIC. At Kind + Jugend ASEAN 2023, the "Fun Science" mobile exhibition was introduced. Fun Science Kits" hands-on science pieces that focus on children learning and enjoying themselves while incorporating basic science knowledge such as water and air, light, sight and sound, electricity, magnets, etc. "We believe that knowledge and research can be passed on and exported. We want to see good children's toys that build on research and put them into practice. We insist that in this region. Thai scholars do their best, and we're ready to go."
SET points to over-reac stock market falling nearly 50 points, pointing to strong Thai financial sector |The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) The SET Index fell 49.18 points, or 3.13%, from yesterday to 1,523.89 points, as the share prices of energy, retail and electronics stocks fell due to concerns about the impact of a slowdown in the global economic recovery. Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) said today that the Thai stock market fell in line with regional stock markets. Stocks fell sharply today. It is not financial-related stocks, but energy, trade and electronics stocks, as the global view that the economy that is expected to recover quickly may recover more slowly due to interest pressures as well as lower liquidity at the same time as the bank shutdown abroad. It can be seen that the US and UK authorities have a strong and fast-paced policy. Both the U.S. side of the deposit insurance and the acquisition of banks on the British side. The sharp decline in the SET Index today is seen as an "overreac" of the market, which wants investors to follow the data and consider it reasonable, as it is found that the net selling investors are foreign investors and institutional investors. However, when asked by reporters about the lack of LTF funds, there was no money to support the stock market. It's not. THE STOCK EXCHANGE WILL HOLD DISCUSSIONS WITH THE THAI CAPITAL MARKET BUSINESS COUNCIL (FETCO), WHICH WILL HAVE TO FIND WAYS TO HELP IN THIS AREA. Dr. Sornpol Tulyaspien Deputy Manager Head of Corporate Strategic Planning The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) said that the reason for the closure of foreign banks was a unique factor for that bank, not a factor that would affect the Thai banking group as a whole. In addition, the management measures are good and fast, which makes this crisis not spread to other business groups, but it remains to be seen whether there will be additional government measures or the closure of other banks. The Bank Group in Thailand has deposited and asset base in many business segments, and it is also seeing signs of improvement from the decline in the US and European stock markets today.
State welfare cardholders prepare to register for the "Water and Electricity Bill" allowance|Poor Card State Welfare Card Prepare to open to those who are eligible. Register for the "Water and Electricity Bills" allowance and reiterate that everyone must register for the new rights, the reporter reported that the measures to relieve the burden of electricity and water bills (mitigation measures) are one of the measures to allocate a new welfare state. For those who qualify for the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 (State Welfare Card), the mitigation measures are aimed at alleviating the burden of electricity and water bills for the cardholders. Under the State Welfare Registration Scheme in 2017 and 2018, payment for electricity or water bills must be made to the service provider in advance. By state welfare card holders Under the State Welfare Registration Scheme in 2017 and 2018, the subsidy will be refunded to the State Welfare Card after the relief measures will be converted to the government sector, with the Ministry of Finance directly supporting electricity or water bills to service providers based on the value of the cardholder. Use the rights according to the conditions of the mitigation measures specified by this method of supporting the cost. This will reduce the burden and increase financial liquidity for cardholders. Those who qualify under the State Welfare Registration Scheme 2022 who wish to receive relief measures must register for all new rights.1. Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) or through website (click here) 11302. Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA) or through website (click here) 11293. Electricity Business Navy Concession Welfare (PEA) or through website (click here) Tel. 086-848-12841. Metropolitan WaterWorks Office (MEA) or through the website (click here) Contact number 11252. Provincial WaterWorks Office (PEA) or via website (click here) Contact number 1662 For those who have successfully qualified and successfully verified their identity to receive the rights under the 2022 program, they can register for electricity and plumbing rights from March 15, 2023 onwards with the service provider agency that the cardholder is serving. Complete the payment by April 20, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. or register for water bill with the PEA or PWA. Those who register after that date and time will be entitled to the first month of "April 2023 Service Bill". When registering for electricity bills with MEA or PEA by the 8th day at 17.00 hrs each month or registering with THE PEA. Completed by the 20th at 17.00 each month or register for water supply with the MPC or PWA. Completed by the 25th at 5:00 p.m. each month will be eligible for the next month's service bill (not retroactive). In 2017 and 2018, the rights will be exercised in the monthly invoice cycle. Those who have passed the state welfare registration program eligibility check can apply for the subsidy until April 30, 2023. IN 2022, EVERYONE CAN PARTICIPATE IN THE RELIEF MEASURES, BUT MUST COMPLY WITH THE WELFARE CONDITIONS OF THE MITIGATION MEASURES, WHICH STIPULATES THE PROVISION OF 1 HOUSEHOLD WELFARE PER 1 RIGHT PER HOUSE CODE, WHICH CAN BE REGISTERED FOR ELECTRICITY BILLS ONLY 1 SERVICE PROVIDER, AS WELL AS WATER BILLS THAT CAN BE REGISTERED FOR SERVICE FEES ONLY BY 1 SERVICE PROVIDER.
Gliko Delivering almond milk Koga Ching-share plant-based milk to receive the trend of Thai people love health.|Thai Glico Almond milk delivery under the brand Almond Koka shares plant-based milk worth more than 960 million baht to receive the trend of Thai people love health on March 14, 2023. The Managing Director of Thai Glico Co., Ltd. said that due to the health trend, most people are increasingly consuming almond milk or other plant-based milks, resulting in the continued growth of the almond milk market in Thailand. The cereal milk market (excluding soy milk) in 2022 is valued at more than 960 million baht and is likely to grow to 3,000 million baht. In 2026 (Reference: Nielsen, Euromonitor), the Company saw an opportunity in the market by bringing almond milk products under the brand Almond Koka or Almond Koga, which achieved the No. 1 sales and more than 90% market share in Japan, to the Thai market. Targeted at people of all ages A group of health-conscious people, those who are allergic to cow's milk, and lactose intolerance contained in cow's milk. Guliko Almond Koga marks the full launch of the Health & Wellness Category product after a long history of being known as a confectionery and ice cream vendor, with Guliko Japan turning 101 this year and Thai Glico has been in business for over 52 years. Therefore, it is the same intention for Thailand and other Southeast Asian countries through the presentation of quality products typical of Japan. Therefore, we are confident that Almond Koga will meet the needs in terms of benefits and flavors for marketing simultaneously in 3 flavors. Formula without added sugar The chocolate flavor formula in 180 ml and 1 liter by 2023 is carpeted across all sales channels that are leading stores nationwide. It also draws on a new heroine-Davika Hoorne as a presenter to help awaken purchasing power. The company aims to seize the alternative dairy beverage area within the first year, including a 30-day-challenge to raise awareness of daily beverages for Glico Standard's policy: 1. Environmental policy, which prioritizes the production of quality products and recognizes environmental responsibility. 2. Management system aimed at continuously creating and improving quality assurance system3. Food Safety Policy We have quality products in the Japanese style that come with deliciousness through meticulously invented and proactive market penetration to our target audience. We believe that these are the foundations for success in Thailand over the years.
The knot ordered the closure of signature banks, dreaded destabilization, or intended to defeat crypto. Set a new standard based on the American version.|On Sunday (March 12, 2023), the New York Financial Services Authority (NYDFS) used Section 606 of the New York Bank Act to close and take over the Signature Bank business, appointing the U.S. Federal Deposit Protection Institute (FDIC) as its guardian by the Treasury Department. Back in Q4/2022, Signature Bank had total assets of $110 billion and deposits worth $890 billion, according to NYDFS, and did not experience severe liquidity shortages compared to Silicon Valley Bank, which had total assets of $209 billion, but more than 50% of its portfolio was invested in debt instruments, especially MBS government bonds. While Silvergate Bank lacks liquidity because most of its customers, which are crypto companies, withdraw their deposits, although Silicon Valley Bank is the bank that holds the ecosystem value of U.S. tech startups, it has only 0.91% of all U.S. bank assets. As a result, government officials' claims about the impact on the stability of the banking system in closing signature banks have become publicly debated as perhaps unreasonable.  This is in line with the comments of Frank Barney, one of the Signature Bank's board of directors, who sees the bank's takeover as a signal against government crypto. Whether it's suing XRP issuer Ripple, ordering Kraken to fine the Kraken digital asset exchange board, or ordering Paxos to cancel the issuance of Stablecoin BUSD to Binance, the announcement of the termination of the Silvergate Exchange Network (SEN) service before the collapse of Silvergate Bank, is the result of a joint statement between the Federal Reserve (FED), the Deposit Insurance Institute (FDIC) and the U.S. Currency Controller's Office (OCC) warning banks of potential liquidity risks from providing digital asset services. U.S. moves on digital assets to date It demonstrates efforts to standardize the world's digital asset governance. As digital assets are new, guidelines must be established accordingly, and it remains to be seen how other countries will react to the regulation of digital assets, according to American reference standards CNBC 1 , CNBC 2 , reuters , nytimes 1 , nytimes 2.
Get the right to register "Water and Electricity Bill" Poor Card, State Welfare Card 2023|Poor People's Card State Welfare Card Prepare to open registration for receiving aid "Water and electricity bills" from March 15, 2023, reiterate that everyone will have to register for new rights. 2022 (Project) or New Poor Card It has been reported that those who meet the eligibility criteria (those who meet the criteria) After successfully verifying the identity, various rights will be granted, one of which is the measures to relieve the burden of electricity and water bills (mitigation measures). At present, the general public will receive electricity support from government measures by the Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) and the Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA), provided that if the public uses no more than 50 units of electricity per month, the electricity consumption will not exceed 50 units per month. For 3 consecutive months, the cardholder will be entitled to free electricity, but if the electricity consumption exceeds 50 units per month, the electricity bill will be supported with a limit of 315 baht per household per month. In case the cardholder uses tap water more than 100 baht per household per month but not more than 315 baht per household per month, he/she will still be supported in the amount of 100 baht per household per month. Water consumption exceeds 315 baht per household per month. The cardholder must be responsible for all water bills by himself." This method of supporting the cost of mitigation measures will make the cardholder This will reduce the burden and increase financial liquidity for cardholders. Those who qualify under the State Welfare Registration Scheme 2022 who wish to receive relief measures must register for all new rights.1. Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) or via website (click here) 11302. Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA) or through website (click here) 11293. Electricity Business Concession Welfare Navy (PEA) or through website (click here) Tel. 086-848-12841. Metropolitan WaterWorks Authority (MEA) or via website (click here) Contact number 11252. Provincial WaterWorks Office (PEA) or via website (click here) Contact number 1662 For those who have successfully qualified and successfully verified their identity to receive the rights under the 2022 program, they can register for electricity and plumbing rights from March 15, 2023 onwards with the service provider agency that the cardholder has received if they have successfully registered for the right to electricity with MEA or PEA by April 8, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. or registered with the PEA. Complete by April 20, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. or register for water bills with the MPC or PWA. Those who register after that date and time will be entitled by March 25, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. will be entitled to the first month, "April 2023 Service Bill". When registering for electricity bills with MEA or PEA by the 8th day at 17.00 hrs each month or registering with THE PEA. Completed by the 20th at 17.00 each month or register for water supply with the MPC or PWA. Completed by the 25th at 5:00 p.m. each month will be eligible for the next month's service bill (not retroactive). In 2017 and 2018, the right to use the service invoice cycle of March 2023 as the last month can be used to pay the outstanding service invoices during the eligibility period under the relief measures to receive the subsidy until April 30, 2023. IN 2022, EVERYONE CAN PARTICIPATE IN THE RELIEF MEASURES, BUT MUST COMPLY WITH THE WELFARE CONDITIONS OF THE MITIGATION MEASURES, WHICH STIPULATES THE PROVISION OF 1 HOUSEHOLD WELFARE PER 1 RIGHT PER HOUSE CODE, WHICH CAN BE REGISTERED FOR ELECTRICITY BILLS ONLY 1 SERVICE PROVIDER, AS WELL AS WATER BILLS THAT CAN BE REGISTERED FOR SERVICE FEES ONLY BY 1 SERVICE PROVIDER.
Register for the right to help pay "water and electricity bills" for poor cardholders, State Welfare Card 2023|Poor Card State Welfare Card 2023 On March 15, 2023, Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economics, as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance, disclosed the progress of the verification of the identity of those who have successfully passed the eligibility criteria under the State Welfare Registration Program (THE PROJECT) 2022 as of March 14, 2023 at 2:00 p.m., a total of 8,426,717 people have successfully submitted their appeals. For those who have successfully verified their identity under the 2022 program, those who wish to receive the electricity and water bill relief measures (mitigation measures) must register for a new entitlement and must comply with the welfare conditions of the relief measures that require 1 household per 1 right per 1 house code, which can be registered for electricity bills only 1 service provider, as well as water bills that can be registered for service fees only by 1 service provider, which will be open for registration for electricity and water bills from March 15, 2023 onwards with the service provider agencies that the qualified person has successfully verified to receive the service. If you successfully register for electricity bills with MEA or PEA by April 8, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. or register with the PEA. Complete the transaction by April 20, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. and/or register for water bills with the PEA or PWA. Completed by March 25, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. will be entitled to the first month, "April 2023 Service Bill" for those who are entitled to the relief measures to those who have a State Welfare Card under the State Welfare Registration Program. In 2017 and 2018, the rights will be exercised in the monthly invoice cycle. However, in March 2023, the registrant can request to check the results of the eligibility and appeal at the Provincial Treasury Office in all provinces every day, including Saturday-Sunday from 08.30-16.30 hours starting from Saturday, March 11, 20 https://welfare.mof.go.th 23.
SAM prepares to hold 146 NPA auctions worth 628 million baht|Sukhumvit Asset Management is preparing to hold an auction for 146 NPA properties. Single detached house and condominium with a total value of more than 628 million baht, ready to open the envelope on March 31, 2023. Managing Director of Sukhumvit Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SAM) said that according to the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB), GDP growth this year is expected to grow by 2.7-3.7%, giving us a glimpse of the trend and continued recovery of the domestic economy. Let's hold a single auction at the end of the first quarter on March 31, 2023 with a special price reduction for all properties. Single detached houses, townhouses, condos, commercial buildings, factories or warehouses, office buildings, a total of 146 items with a total value of more than 628 million baht. Examples of interesting properties include- Vacant land area 1 rai 49 sq.w. Phisitcase Rd. Patong, Kathu, Phuket strength The land is in Patong. Only 2 km from the beach, suitable for building a single house. COMMERCIAL BUILDING APARTMENTS STARTING AT 48.16 MILLION BAHTSPONSORED- Single house with 1 rai of land in Soi Nawamin 68, convenient access to many routes, including Kaset Nawamin and Kanchanapisek, from 21.39 million baht. Reduced to 19.25 million baht - Vacant land area 410 sq.w. In the Royal Lake Golf Club Bangpakong golf club project from 5.79 million baht. Reduced to 5.50 million baht - Condominium, 5th floor, area 67.20 sq.m. in Panya Resort Sriracha from 1.59 million baht. Reduced to 1.27 million baht - 2-storey townhouse with an area of 22.9 sq.w., Chalermprakiat Village, Rama 9, near Prawet District Office, Bangkok, from 2.49 million baht. In addition, there are many good-priced second-hand properties such as residential units in the center of Nonthaburi, the lowest price is 153,000 baht, and the house in Minburi, Bangkok, the lowest price is 1.55 million baht. Townhouses in Nong Chok district, Bangkok, the lowest price of 446,000 baht, including properties located in tourist provinces and major cities including Chiang Mai, Phetchabun, Ubon Ratchathani, Phetchaburi, Chonburi, Chachoengsao, Rayong, Surat Thani, etc. For more information, please contact Call Center 02-686-1888 and see property details on the website at www.sam.or.th 
YLG sees "gold bullion" at 31,600-31,900 baht per baht.|Gold prices continue to rise. After the bank's instability in the U.S. caused a crisis, YLG looked at the "gold bullion" range of 31,600-31,900 baht per baht. Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG) said that due to the current instability of the U.S. banking sector, which is affected by the rising bond yields from the Fed's interest rate hike policy, the price of bonds has turned against the yield. This led to a sell-off in U.S. banking stocks as investors predicted whether the Fed's rate hike would continue. This has caused instability among U.S. banks and caused some businesses to close. The Fed meeting on March 21-22, 2023, was forecast to be different from the previous forecast that the Fed would raise the policy rate by 0.50%. YOU NEED TO WATCH THE FED'S MEETING IN THE COMING SESSION FOR ITS IMPACT ON THE GOLD MARKET. It remains to be seen whether the release of inflation figures is attributed. If inflation is not as severe as the previous one, gold may be limited. However, the shrinkage of gold is an opportunity to buy. Because the trend of gold still has the potential to rise, the overall swing in the uptrend is quite clear. The price soared sharply. Other risky assets were hit by positive factors from expectations that the Fed might not raise rates in November. He advised investors to be more cautious when gold prices approach a high of US$1,958 per troy ounce, especially at the level of 1,940-1,958. The first support is looking at $1,887 per troy ounce, but as the trend continues to rise, it can gradually buy, with the key support at $1,871 per troy ounce. If this support is not broken, there is a clear chance of further upwards, because SPDR, which is a large gold fund, has started to return to buying gold, which is another important supporting factor. Looking at the support range of 30,900-30,600 baht per gold baht. Resistance 31,900 baht per gold baht
The Cabinet resolved to extend the diesel tax reduction of 5 baht for another 2 months.|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet meeting approved the extension of the diesel excise tax rate of 5 baht per litre for another 2 months from May 21 to July 20, 2023. In order to prevent the retail price of diesel from rising to hinder the economic recovery of the country and the well-being of the people from the burden of rising cost of living in accordance with the volatile crude oil price situation. Due to the crisis of conflict between Russia and Ukraine, coupled with the weakening of the baht, which has affected the cost of importing crude oil, Mr. Ekniti Nititanprapas The Director-General of excise department added that the reduction of excise tax on oil and oil products will help keep the retail price of diesel in the country from rising rapidly, affecting the cost of living of the people and hindering the economic recovery of the country. Since it is used as the main fuel from upstream to downstream, it is the cost of producing goods, electricity and transportation sectors, although overall it causes the Excise Department to lose about 20 billion baht in revenue.
CAT receives 24 billion baht expressway extension The state passed a budget of 61 billion to the NT.|Miss TRISULI TRISARANAKUL A deputy spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the cabinet meeting was held on Monday. Approved in principle the National Telecommunications Public Company Limited (NT) to operate a 4G/5G mobile phone project on the 700 megahertz (MHz) wave that has been auctioned to cover most of the country with a budget of 61,628 million baht. The 14-year project is expected to start in 2023 with a target audience of 3.6 million retail customers, such as 2 million existing customers and 200,000-400,000 inbound tourists per year, IoT Connectivity and New devices, government enterprise customers, as well as 900,000 landline phone replacement customers, with investment expenses of 30,602 million baht, such as 700 MHz spectrum license fees of 20,584 million baht. Network procurement with partners 9,300 million baht and network equipment 718 million baht and operating expenses 31,026 million baht. Implementation of The Chalong Rat Expressway Extension Project (Chatuchot - Lamlukka Road) The 16.21 km will be constructed over 5 years between 2023 and 2027 to help alleviate traffic congestion on Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok Road and the surrounding road network. Investment value 24,060.04 million baht The land ownership fee is 3,726.81 million baht. This will be spent from the government budget and construction and control costs of 20,333.23 million baht, and the CAT will raise funds through the Infrastructure Fund for The Future of Thailand. 14,374 million baht and 5,960 million baht in bonds IT WILL BE A 6-LANE ELEVATED ROAD (ROUND TRIP) WITH A DISTANCE OF 16.21 KM. SPONSORED ON THE SAME DAY. Ms. Tipanan Sirichana Deputy Spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Revealed that the meeting The Council of Ministers approved the opening of the high-speed internet expansion network for quality of life development (Big Rock Budget Project) in accordance with the Open Access Network principle in order to provide network connectivity to the destination service (Last Mile Access) to all sectors.
Opening the budget for the year 2024, the Cabinet approved the arrangement of the "central budget", focusing more on 600 billion|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet meeting had agreed to classify the 2024 budget into ministries. Previously, the expenditure limit was 3.35 trillion baht. When classified by ministry, there are 11 items included in the central budget of 601,745 million baht. Followed by the Ministry of Interior with 351,985 million baht. Ministry of Education 330,512 million baht Ministry of Finance 313,822 million baht Working capital 229,112 million baht Ministry of Defense 198,562 million baht Ministry of Transport 183,950 million baht Ministry of Public Health 170,369 million baht Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives 117,142 million baht Non-governmental agencies under the Prime Minister's Office 128,444 million baht Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation 127,669 million baht State enterprises 149,382.7 million baht, in addition, the agency has been allocated a budget of less than 100 billion baht. consist Local government organizations 93,647 million baht Ministry of Labour 61,841 million baht Office of the Prime Minister 35,423 million baht Expenditure to recoup treasury 33,759 million baht Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment 31,977 million baht Ministry of Justice 26,048 million baht Ministry of Social Development and Human Security 25,261 million baht Court departments 24,914 million baht Agencies of independent organizations and prosecutors 23,054 million baht Provinces and groups of provinces 22,628 million baht Thai Red Cross Society 8,867 million baht Ministry of Digital Economy and Society 8,639 million baht His Majesty's Government 8,478 million baht Ministry of Foreign Affairs 7,555 million baht Council agencies 7,499 million baht Ministry of Culture 7,004 million baht Ministry of Commerce 6,680 million baht Ministry of Tourism and Sports 5,764 million baht Ministry of Industry 4,645 million baht Ministry of Energy 3,026 million baht OTHER GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 583 MILLION BAHT.SPONSORED
Retail buying fell 50 points to a 1-year and 7-month low.|The Thai stock market plunged 50 points, hitting a one-year and seven-month low. The smaller part is buying a full portfolio. Stock market managers rush to provide confidence-building information On March 14, 2023, a reporter reported on the thai stock market that investors were selling stocks heavily, pushing the index down sharply since the start of trading. Investors remained worried and alarmed by the problem of U.S. financial institutions having liquidity problems that forced them to shut down. The sell-off continued throughout the day, particularly in the afternoon, pushing the index down to close at 1,523.89 points, down 49.18 points, or minus 3.13%, to a new low in 1 year and 7 months. Dow Jones Index on Mar 13, 2023 The Dow jones futures were still able to turn positive, but Thai stocks fell more strongly than all markets, with a strong turnover of 103,819.45 million baht. Domestic and foreign institutional investors sold the heaviest net worth of tens of billions of baht. Meanwhile, domestic retail investors were the only group with net purchases of 9,770.89 million baht. Foreign investors sold the most net at 4,727.13 million baht, followed by the brokerage portfolio with 2,601.72 million baht. Domestic funds sold a net 2,442.04 million baht, while Mr. Bhakorn Pitawatchai, the stock exchange's manager and top executive, opened a press conference after the market closed, saying that the Thai stock market was stronger than its neighbors because it closed after 1 hour of other stock exchanges, causing a sell-off. Another reason for the 2% drop in global oil prices led to a decline in energy stocks. In the short term, foreign investors may want to hold liquidity. The factors that put pressure on the Thai stock market are that the uncertainty of the global market is not caused by internal factors and the problem does not directly affect Thailand because it does not invest directly. In addition, the solution to the financial institutions of the US and British authorities came out quickly. And seriously, the situation will unravel faster, but it is still necessary to monitor the situation. Open for trading on 15 Mar 2023 It is likely to see more clarity of information and situationSPONSORED cases where foreigners sell but do not have buying power, such as LTFs, which are long-term equity investment funds. After the end of the tax measures to support it. Mr. Bhakar said it is the duty of the SET and the agencies involved in the capital market to continue to work on this issue. "Under a crisis, there are opportunities. The Thai stock market fell sharply due to the sell-off of foreign investors. This is caused by the uncertainty of the international market rather than the problem of the Thai stock market. Mrs. Proudporn Sena narong, Assistant Secretary-General of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), said that due to the SVB crisis, there are few mutual fund management companies (asset management companies) and mutual funds in Thailand that have deposits and investments in relation to SVB banks, and very few of them are material. In addition, redemption of investment units in mutual funds is considered normal, while the stock market fell due to the SVB crisis after credit rating agency Moody's cut its signature bank credit rating to the "garbage" rating, as well as expecting the US economy to enter a recession. SVB.
Diamond and gold exports stagnate, global economy slows Reduce imports of luxury goods|Mr. Sumet Prasongpongchai Director, National Gem and Jewelry Research and Development Institute (Public Organization) or GIT Gem and jewelry exports excluding gold in January 2023 Gold was valued at USD 573.45 million, down 1.19% from USD 732.92 million, down 4.51%, which was a contraction from Q4 2022 due to a slowdown in the global economy, causing many Thai trading partners to reduce imports of luxury goods, as well as the energy crisis that caused consumption capacity to decrease for major export markets where exports fell, such as Germany by 0.96%, Hong Kong by 20.03%, and the United Kingdom by 20.03%. India added 68.50%, etc., but many markets continued to expand well, such as the U.S. by 18.88%, the United Arab Emirates by 52.68%, Japan by 11.10%, Belgium by 10.28%, Switzerland by 26.25%, Italy by 499.16 21%. Meanwhile, exports increased, such as gold jewelry. Add 34.56% gemstones Added 19.97% Uncut Hard Gemstones added 78.88% Uncut Soft Gemstones added 74.18%.
Gold price Today, March 15, 2023, open wednesday morning, up 100 baht.|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Wednesday morning, March 15, 2023, up 100 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 31,100 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 31,600 baht per baht. Baht 15 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.26 a.m., the price jumped by 100 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,000 baht per baht. Sold out thb 31,100 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 30,441.28 baht per baht. Sold out thb 31,600 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,500 baht Sell out 15,550 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,220.64 baht Sell out 15,800 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bar Buy 7,750 Baht Sell Out 7,775 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,610.32 Baht Sell Out 7,900 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,875 Baht Sell Out 3,887.50 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,805.16 Baht Sell Out 3,950 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
YLG Fed expects to delay interest rate hike, pushing gold to new highs, hitting 320,000 baht per baht|On the morning of March 15, global gold prices remained on the upward trend, most recently at US$1,908 per troy ounce. Meanwhile, the domestic gold price this morning, 96.5% of the bullion price was sold at 31,000 baht per baht. Gold prices are expected to hit new highs of the year. After the market forecast, the results of the Fed meeting in November 2018 March is likely not to raise the policy rate, looking at the support line. Resistance 1,871-1,958 USD per troy ounce The price of gold bullion in the country is in the range of 31,600-31,900 baht per baht. Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion International Co., Ltd. (YLG) revealed that due to the current instability of the U.S. banking sector, which is affected by bond yields. That has been raised by the Fed's continued interest rate hike policy. The price of the bond goes against the yield. This factor caused a sell-off in U.S. banking stocks as investors speculated on whether the Fed's rate hike would continue. However, the Fed meeting on March 21-22, 2023 was forecast to be different from the previous forecast that the Fed will raise the policy rate by 0.50% to the expectation that the Fed will not raise rates at its meeting during March 21-22, 2023, including only a rate hike of 0.25%. Will it cause a financial crisis? YOU NEED TO WATCH THE FED'S MEETING IN THE COMING SESSION FOR ITS IMPACT ON THE GOLD MARKET. It remains to be seen whether the release of inflation figures is attributed. If inflation is not as severe as the previous one, gold may be limited. however The shrinkage of gold is considered an opportunity to buy because the trend of gold still has the opportunity to continue rising. Overall, the uptrend is quite clear. The price soared sharply. Other risky assets were positively influenced by expectations that the Fed may not raise rates in November. It advises investors to be more cautious when gold prices approach a peak of US$1,958 per troy ounce, especially at US$1,940-1,958 per troy ounce. The price may have a sell-off because the gold level is the highest point of the year. The first support is looking at $1,887 per troy ounce, but as the trend continues to rise, it can gradually buy. If this support is not broken, there is a clear chance of further upwards, because SPDR, which is a large gold fund, has started to return to buying gold. The price of gold in Thai Baht. Looking at the support range of 30,900-30,600 baht per gold baht. Resistance 31,900 baht per gold baht.
The Association of Asset Management companies does not find Thai asset management companies investing directly in SVB. Lean did not find any unusual sales.|Mrs. Chavinda Hanrattanakul President of The Association of Investment Management Companies Clarification on the problematic Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) ordered to close its operations on Friday, March 10, 2023. It was found that Thai Asset Management does not invest directly in SVB, but rather through destination mutual funds (Master Fund), which is a mutual fund that focuses on investing only in the Financial and Financial Technology (Fintech) groups. As a result, the impact is limited. Each Thai mutual fund that invests in SVB closely monitors investments with the Master Fund to assess the potential impact on Thai mutual funds and determine management guidelines in a timely manner. The Master Fund has adjusted its investment portfolio accordingly and implemented liquidity reserves to support it, but there has been no significant outflow of capital in both the Master Fund and the Thai Mutual Fund. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the U.S. deposit guarantee institution, has announced a full guarantee for SVB depositors, allowing customers to resume withdrawals from March 13, 2023.
Better than ever, OpenAI launches new version of GPT-4 artificial intelligence Less answering. The latter work with more people.|OpenAI launches GPT-4, the latest AI model that improves compute analytics performance from GPT-3, is now in the process of being offered for a limited demo trial in ChatGPT Plus for premium subscribers, and in Discord, ready for developers to sign up to use the API. Answer in verse. GPT-4's ability to provide the same set of textual answers, but more effectively answer questions, especially complex ones. The answer characteristics are detailed. Be more rational and creative. It is possible to predict the context of the answer that is connected by something in addition to the original: the ability to read the image, distinguish the composition. Describe the visual context. Find anomalies in the image, read, extract data from the image and analyze the data further, then create a series of answers according to the command, along with the contextual information that follows from the image, such as calculating the number from the image of the equation on the exam page. Describe the time interval sequence from the timeline image. Summary of research content with both text and data charts Distinguishing humor from information from memes, etc. Image-to-code responses can also be created, translating images into HTML and JavaScript. GPT-4 is a Large Scale Multimodal Model that accepts text-visual inputs based on computer vision image processing and trends with advanced language processing models, pre-trained models and transformers models, and reinforment learning from human feedback (RLHF). It does better than GPT-3 and also performs more accurately than the humans tested. Performance measurements based on the NLP Benchmark GPT-4 are the best performing than any language processing model ever before. Have a better understanding of languages other than English Click to read more Technical Report However, gpt-4 restrictions are similar to previous GPT. In other words, still answer the wrong questions with the same confidence. Although it produces a more accurate message, it doesn't mean that the results are accurate or completely reliable. With business partners who have already implemented GPT-4, such as Stripe, Duolingo, Morgan Stanley and Microsoft, adopted in the latest version of Bing, SPONSORED also launched the 'OpenAI Evals' policy, an open source framework that allows developers to review code and evaluate models together to create development rules. AI with accuracy and security It is open to participation in gpt-4 improvements, which will benefit a wider user base, according to OpenAI.
Thai stocks today, March 15, 2023, ended the afternoon up 41.11 points, the index was at 1,565 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 41.11. The index is at 1,565.00. Turnover 69,703.24 On March 15, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 41.11, a change of 2.70%, to 1,565.00. The index peaked at 1,573.51. The index is at a low of 1,543.61. The turnover was 69,703.24 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. PRTR Group Public Company Limited 4. CP All Public Company Limited 5. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited.
Srisawat aims to grow its debt portfolio by an average of 30% per year, launching new products to add branches, ensuring that bad debt can be controlled.|Srisawat Public Company Limited (SAWAD) aims to grow its 3-year loan portfolio by an average of 20-30% and control bad debt (NPL) in the first half of the year by no more than 2-3%. Hopefully, in the second half of the year, expenses will not grow in time with revenue Analysts at Yuanta Asset Management (Thailand) assessed that they will continue to see good developments from accelerating credit expansion and increasing net interest margin (NIM) that is superior to competitors by choosing SAWAD as the top pick of the finance group. Butta Glass Director of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations, Srisawat Plc. Sawad Corporation (SAWAD) revealed that it expects its total loan portfolio to grow 20-30% year-on-year at normal levels, which, if there are more opportunities for growth, may be tracked and revised in the second half of the year. This year, the company will focus mainly on expanding its credit portfolio and gradually launching new products to attract new customer bases. In the past 2 years, the company has improved its back office system and closely monitored the quality of receivables. It is expected that in the first half of the year, NPL will be controlled at 2-3% from the normal 4-5%. At the same time, the company also focuses mainly on all types of lending business. Although the business has been expanded to various parts related to the main business, such as debt collection services operated through subsidiaries, which is not considered significant to the financial statements. At present, the Company has a portfolio of loans divided into car registration loans (32%), home and land loans (31%), motorcycle hire purchase loans (33%), and personal loans (P-loans) (4%). At present, interest is charged at 14-15% from the policy interest level of not more than 18% through branches of Srisawat and Government Savings Bank, which has good growth prospects. He said that investors are concerned about the company's costs and expenses that will affect profitability, seeing that the expenses incurred are due to the expansion of the business and the full marketing of Srisawat Plc. However, it is believed that in 3Q23, the company will be able to grow revenue stronger than the increase in expenses. At some point, the cost increases at a reduced rate. This allows profits to grow steadily. As for the situation where the interest rate trend is bullish. The company will manage the financial costs. From the issuance plan to lock in costs, and also negotiations on the issue of lending costs. At present, the Company has a cost of funding ratio of 7% to total revenue and 45% of operational expenses. It said in its analysis that it has a positive outlook on SAWAD as it expects to be outstanding in accelerating credit expansion and NIM surpassing its competitors. In addition, motorcycle hire purchase loans are loans that have stricter consideration of customers' credits than registered pledged loans. As a result, the company's asset quality is expected to remain strong and the provision is expected to be within the estimated range of 661 million baht. This year, SAWAD will have a net profit of 5,524 million baht, or 23.4% growth from the previous year, according to the previous estimate. Sawad's business outlook will continue to improve and remain a top pick in the Finance group, while the current share price has an upside of 16.4% from its 2023 base value of Baht 64 (based on Prospective PBV of 2.9x) and recently announced a dividend payment of Baht 1.80 per share, representing a yield of 3.3% (XD on May 2 and dividend payment on May 19).
Google office workers can put AI in Workspace to help them write tasks in Google Docs automatically. |Google targets corporate customers Launched Generative AI developed by the company and put into different parts of the business. Mr. Thomas Kurian, CEO of Google Cloud, revealed that Google has worked boldly and responsibly in our approach and partnered with others to improve our AI model to be safe and useful. The potential of Generative AI unlocks businesses and helps developers build new types of applications. Generative AI-powered applications are based on language processing (LLM) models with easy-to-use tools. Called MakerSuite, a developer application to create prototypes, program quickly. Data analysis and creation Customizing models Access to Google's API will allow businesses to use creative templates to start building AI-powered applications in minutes or hoursSPONSORED. For example, services such as ensuring that office workers live easier because features are upgraded even more with the potential of Generative AI such as Smart Compose and Smart Reply in Gmail, Write Task Summary automatically in Google Docs, create beautiful slides just by entering commands. With ai partners working together, you can continue to customize and edit, and get more advice as needed.
SEC board green light review criteria Same group of companies Digital asset depository service for each other |SEC board green light review criteria Same group of companies Digital asset depository service for each other The SEC has disclosed the overall digital asset governance policy, which was proposed to the SEC. At its 5/2023 meeting on March 2, 2023, it covered upstream to downstream governance, including the issuance and offering of digital tokens in the first market. Supervision of digital asset business operators in the secondary market, including supervision of business operators according to the level of risk and investigation of unfair actions, in accordance with the four considerations of the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) reflecting the situation in the global digital asset industry in the past. Conflict of Interest Care (2) Retention and Separation of Customer Assets(3) (4) International cooperation with a focus on supporting the digital economy. While maintaining appropriate investor protection at such meetings, the Board of Directors will continue to provide appropriate protection to investors. The SEC has approved a review of the rules for digital asset depository providers. The custodial wallet provider or "service provider" is more flexible and appropriate by listed service providers and subsidiaries in the group who have experience in preserving the assets of customers. The company is able to provide services to digital asset business operators (related to each other in a way that has a common majority shareholder) if the specified criteria of independence are met in order to create a more complete digital asset ecosystem, as well as to support quality domestic service providers and customers who use the service will be protected by the laws of Thailand. The SEC will continue to listen to opinions from stakeholders. Deputy Secretary-General, SEC, Financial Innovation and Strategy and Planning Division He said in an interview with the group that the criteria originally stated that if a business that provides digital asset services has a large collection of customers' assets, they will not be able to do so. Previously, most of them were deposited with overseas service providers, but due to the uncertainty that has arisen, it is appropriate that there should be a service provider in Thailand, but previously there was no business that could do this. Therefore, we see most of them as commercial banks, which are financial institutions with a stable position. Board of Directors The SEC thinks that there may be a conflict of interest of banks whose subsidiaries are also engaged in business. Therefore, the Board realized that in principle it wanted to have more custodians in Thailand, so the criteria were adjusted to be more durable so that the Group could provide services to its own subsidiaries as well. Dr. Napanuanpan Pawasan, Director The Financial Technology Promotion Department added that in the past, there was a requirement that companies with major shareholders in the same group could not be custodians, but now we see the situation that there is no custodian in Thailand and then go to deposit abroad. If bankruptcy or closure occurs, we unlock the criteria, but they must be in the same group, but they must be qualified with experience in preserving the client's assets. There must be mechanisms in place to take care of this. committee The SEC also agreed to review the criteria regarding raising capital through investment token offerings to comply with the risk level of the product, and to review the criteria on the credibility of digital asset business operators, including requiring digital asset business operators to obtain approval for other businesses from the SEC. To be able to track the digital asset business more efficiently at the same time. committee The SEC has made a policy to allow securities business operators to provide utility tokens for investment and utility tokens due to their similar characteristics and risks to securities. Meanwhile, cryptocurrencies and utility tokens are highly vulnerable. Therefore, there is a policy to determine investments by mutual funds for retail investors in accordance with the risks. However, in the event that the securities business operator wishes to provide cryptocurrency services and utility tokens available, the company must separate the service entities to reduce the risk that may affect the assets of customers and the securities business.
Market Round: Wacoal Continues Waco Braday Project Old bra, we ask for year 12|On March 15, 2023, Thairath Online News Team gathered news from the business community. marketing Banking, insurance and real estate interests It is as follows: Indira Naksakul Marketing Director Thai Wacoal Public Company Limited said that Wacoal continues to lead the lingerie business with a vision of social responsibility in all aspects. In particular, the environment pays attention and takes care of every process from upstream to downstream, from every wacoal product that has been processed non-toxic and environmentally friendly to the process of handling deteriorated or unused products. To be disposed of properly with the Waco Bra Day project. We ask for donations of old bras or underwear, both female and male, to be disposed of by burning properly because bras or underwear are important items for everyone. Most of the materials are made from polymers, resulting in 1 bra that takes more than 400 years to decompose, and burning in the open air also creates pollution and PM 2.5 dust. Replace the use of stone transfer to generate electricity in a closed system. Reduce the use of natural resources or fossil fuels. According to statistics from 2023, according to populationpyramid.net, the number of Thai women aged 10-69 years is 29,351,011. 5-12 animals per year It is estimated that there will be 2 deteriorated plastic underwear dumps per year, which means that there will be more than 5,870 tons of plastic waste from old underwear per year. Waco would like to invite everyone to be a part of environmental change and contribute to Waco's conservation since the establishment of the Waco Braday project. In 2012-2022, Waco has helped remove 720,664 deteriorated bras weighing 72,066 kilograms or reduce municipal waste by more than 72 tons, replacing coal-fired energy by 468 tons of carbon dioxide. Reduce carbon dioxide emissions. This is equivalent to planting more than 39,036 trees. TrueMoney, a leading ePayment service provider and financial services provider in Southeast Asia, joins forces with Lotus, Thailand's leading retail business with more than 2,300 branches nationwide. For the first time, you can buy all products in installments at Lotus department store with special promotions for both new and old customers. Whether it is a 0% installment payment promotion for department stores via Pay Next Extra service, convenient credit line, easy to use, comfortable installment and get cash back and Lotus Coin double when paying with TrueMoney from March 1 - December 31, 2023. Managing Director, Sunthorn Thansap Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and distributor of bagged rice. Under the brand Kai Chae brand rice revealed that as the world knows more about Asian food and also gives importance to food security, food safety or food safety and nutritious, it is a good opportunity to penetrate the international market because rice products are in constant demand. Continue to expand business with GB. Wallet organizes GB Wallet & Villa Market New lifestyle at Villa Market with cashless payment and officially launches Villa Wallet application to provide the best online shopping experience. Easy to use, convenient, fully equipped with membership privileges and many exclusive benefits, as well as striving to drive a cashless society to be a reality among all consumer groups both domestically and globally. Meet every lifestyle and new era of spending lifestyle. Aiming for growth by 2023, Villa Wallet has more than 100,000 users of American Standard, one of the sanitary ware brands and part of LIXIL, a pioneer in water and residential management products. Launched a brand new identity to use in global communications. THE AMERICAN STANDARD BRAND HAS GROWN PHENOMENALLY AROUND THE WORLD, SPONSORED BY ITS NEW BRAND IDENTITY, BRINGING TOGETHER DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF THE BRAND THAT HAVE ACCUMULATED OVER TIME BY REFLECTING A SENSE OF EMPATHY AND CLOSENESS TO CONSUMERS. With a message of brand new value, LIFE. LOVE. HOME in the Asia Pacific region. This major change was celebrated with a launch event held in Bangkok. Thailand For more than a century, the American Standard brand has been committed to its mission of helping people build homes that residents will love every day. From homes to hotels, main bathtubs to kitchen sinks, we've inspired people to build homes that they love every day, according to the brand's message of LIFE.LOVE.HOME, as well as the images the brand uses to communicate American Standard and American Standard Red that conveys love and passion for what they do. American Standard Red will seal a variety of channels that are consumer touchpoints with the brand. Both online and offline, as well as packaging, are clearly integrated to revitalize the experience where consumers can experience seamless multidimensional satoshi. Konakai LIXIL Water Technology Asia Pacific Leader Lixil is excited to present a new American Standard identity on a global scale to actively meet the needs of consumers and related industries. Reliable and comfortable to use It reinforces the american standard brand's empathy and closeness to consumers to match people's desires and lifestyles to build a home they can love every day.
Petrol price today 15 Mar 2023 Updated price of all types of petrol.|"Today's Oil Price" 15 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared from 4 pumps. March 2023 Reporters report on oil price updates Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 36.05 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.78 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.05 Baht/liter. 74 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 34.19 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.34 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.34 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Gasoline at 43.86 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.05 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.78 Baht/liter SPONSOREDgasohol E20 at 3.33.86 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 36.05 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.78 Baht/liter SPONSORED E20 at 33.05 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 at 35.78 Baht/liter SPONSORED. 74 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 34.19 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.54 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.84 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 37.14 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter 4.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 45.14 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 34.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 36.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 36.35 baht/liter Diesel B7 is at 33.94 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 45.64 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 44.26 baht/liter.
Cosmetic makeup trending after COVID-19, Watsons reveals a surge in lipstick sales|Watsons reveals cosmetics makeup products trending after COVID-19, lipstick sales surge Meanwhile, men's products are equally popular. Recently, HWB Awards 2023, the best selling product award, guarantees that the product is really good. Chief Operating Officer, Watson Watsons told Thairath Online News Team that during the COVID-19 pandemic, online sales channels continued to grow. Watson is Thailand's number one beauty and wellness store with 650 stores nationwide. The data on consumer behavior is quite noticeable. We have a subscriber base that can collect data, however. We found an interesting trend: we originally expected covid to be over. Online sales channels are likely to decrease because consumers will return to the store as before, but prat that it is not at all, online sales channels continue to grow along with point-of-sale. These are considered to meet the needs of customers faster. WE ORIGINALLY THOUGHT THIS BEHAVIOR WAS LIKELY TO OCCUR IN THE YOUNGER GENERATION, BUT WE'VE FOUND THAT ADULTS ARE NOW BUYING PRODUCTS ACROSS PLATFORMS AS WELL. If it's a previously used product, there's no hesitation in ordering, but if it's new, we'll find that customers will come to the store to try it out rather than online." In addition, from late '65 to early '66, we found that the trend of products that had lost sales began to return, namely the cosmetics makeup segment, which grew rapidly, especially lipsticks. Part of this is expected to be the relaxation of mask-wearing restrictions in public and a return to full office work. Products in the cosmetic makeup category are searched on Google and through Watson's app. The top 3 people that customers search for information about are skincare. And we also found that what they searched for followed by cosmetics and skincare ingredients to find out about the products of the product. As a result, our sellers need to have enough information on that subject to explain the differences in each product. Nowadays, we find that this group of customers search for products ranging from water foam, facial cream to puff powder, cousion, eyeliner and eyebrow pencil, and now there are a variety of brands at these products, such as Dermaction Plus by Watsons Men, Srichand Men, and In2IT Men. Many products are designed for men's specific skin. Importantly, customers have a variety of age ranges, starting from college students. Working age Of course, they are not difficult to decide. Don't think too much about the price. At the same time, Watsons has created the HWB awards, which are the best selling products in each category that are guaranteed by the No.1 Health & Beauty store in Thailand. HWB has been ongoing for Watson. Thailand HWB awards have been held since 2003 for 20 consecutive years, and we can guarantee product quality from sales and popularity of real users. At the same time, the award was presented to partners to show their mutual success and to let other customers know about watsons' award-winning and curated "Best of the Best: Eucerin Spotless Brightening Booster Serum 30 ml" from Bayersdov (Thailand), which we have achieved from sales and popularity with users."
Bank of Thailand orders banks to tighten online stores|Reporters reported that the Bank of Thailand (BOT) has issued a circular. On compliance with the know-how policy and risk monitoring management of merchants The Policy Guideline : Know Your Merchant (KYM) strictly dated March 14 emphasizes that commercial banks, specialized financial institutions, and payment service operators under supervision are not all financial institutions. Get to know and manage risk monitoring of merchants who provide electronic payment services, such as placing card acceptors (EDC), providing QR Code services, and accepting payments to ensure that payments are secure and keep up with scammers. And there has been an increase in online scams through electronic payment channels as well. make The BOT is concerned that inadequate risk assessments may result in fraud, money laundering, or circumvention of laws and regulations, or contrary to public order, which may damage customers. Must comply with customer identification and authentication guidelines in accordance with money laundering laws and customer recognition (KYC) rules for opening deposit accounts. In addition, verification of information and proof of merchant (Verification) such as verification of proof of commercial or e-commerce registration with the Ministry of Commerce. Checking the storefront or online sales channels from the website, and if The BOT finds that if an entrepreneur intentionally violates, ignores or neglects to comply, the BOT will take action against the business operator in accordance with the Payment Systems Act B.E. 2560 (2017). Next.
"Dr. Hai", Yan exercised the president's rights. Choose your own NBTC secretary|The reporter reported that on March 15, 2023 Dr. Sorn Boonbaichaipruek The Chairman of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) opened a press conference after the board meeting saying that the board meeting had considered the agenda for the use of the Broadcasting Research and Development Fund. Television and Telecommunications for Public Interest (CATA) To support the provision of basic telecommunications services and social services. In terms of the universal telemedicine system project, the amount is 3,500 million baht. But the board also raised concerns that it could be redundant to existing projects. Therefore, he would like to take the time to consider carefully again at the board meeting on March 29, 2023. It is requested that the chairman's authority to nominate solely through the approval of the remaining directors that the matter is in accordance with the law, seeing that this position is directly up to the chairman and must work with the chairman as much as possible and this is not against the law. As for having many boards oppose it, it's something that can be done. The selection process will begin early today and is expected to be completed within a month. Apr 2023.
Prepare annual budget with payment to the head of the house.|Mr. Chalermpol Pensutra Director of the Budget Office Disclosed the preparation of the 2024 annual expenditure budget with a limit of 3.35 trillion baht according to the Cabinet of Ministers For example, the Ministry of Finance has been allocated 313,822 million baht, an increase of 10.05% from 285 billion baht in 2023. Because there is a burden of setting a disbursement statement. Government debt repayment increased by 120 billion baht and the burden of paying for medical expenses The Ministry of Labour received 61,841 million baht, an increase of 13.83% from 2023's budget allocation of 54,300 million baht, as the government allocated 35,400 million baht, an increase of 10.06% from 2023. Head of House, District Administrative Organization (OAT) A total of 18,750 million baht, as well as an increase in sick pay for village health volunteers Bangkok Public Health Volunteers From 1,000 baht per month to 2,000 baht, a total annual increase of 13,081 million baht has already been set in the 2024 budget. THEREFORE, IT CAN BE ALLOCATED IN VARIOUS PARTS WHERE THERE IS A NEED TO ADD IT.
Prudential Group reported first-year premiums of US$4,393 million.|Prudential Group reported its 2022 operating results, with annual first-year premiums of US$4,393 million due to the strength of its agency channel and Bank Insurance firm Mr. Anil Vadhavani. Prudential Group Chief Executive Officer Said: "Prudential Group's performance in 2022 continues to reinforce its leadership in the life insurance business internationally, with annual first-year premiums (APE) of USD 4,393 million, an increase of 9% if using a fixed exchange rate (or 5% growth if using actual exchange rates). The growth was driven by the strength of the agency channel and bank insurance, reflecting outstanding performance in the second half of the year. New business profit of US$2,184 million, down 11% at a fixed exchange rate (or 14% decrease in actual exchange rates) due to rising global interest rates and the impact of businesses However, post-adjustment operating profit increased by 8% if fixed exchange rates (or 4% growth if using actual exchange rates) to USD 3,375 million. We can maintain excellent and strong performance. Despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 disruptions and macroeconomic volatility, last year's performance reflected the potential and advantages of effectively managing a wide range of business channels in Asia. As can be seen from maintaining the balance of annual first-year premiums (APE) and new business gains from Hong Kong, mainland China and Taiwan, and from Southeast Asia, including Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia, in addition to lifting covid-19-related restrictions across the region and the progress of mainland China's reopening suggested. Positive signals for business performance this year from last year's sales momentum The group's annual first-year premiums, or APE, ended February grew by 15% year-on-year, and in Hong Kong, cross-border travel from mainland China gradually increased due to the easing of travel restrictions. Demand for savings products across hong kong businesses was a key factor driving up annual first-year premiums, or APE, in the first two months of this year. Mr. Anil said: "We are honored to be here at Prudential at such an exciting time. Seeing great opportunities For long-term growth that awaits not far away. In addition, this year marks an important year for Prudential to celebrate our global business milestone. Our 175 years and 100 years in Asia are a testament to the strength of the Prudential brand for a long time and that we continue to maintain our position as market leader in key markets.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 16 Mar 2023 Open Thursday Morning Market Up 200 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Thursday morning, March 16, 2023, up 200 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 31,200 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 31,700 baht per baht. Baht 16 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.25 a.m., the price jumped 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,100 baht per baht. Baht 31,200 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 30,547.40 baht per baht. Baht 31,700 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 shillings Buy 15,550 baht Sell out 15,600 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,273.7 baht Sell out 15,850 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,755 Baht Sell Out 7,800 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,636.85 Baht Sell Out 7,925 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,887.5 Baht Sell Out 3,900 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,818.425 Baht Sell Out 3,962.5 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Roadshow pulls money outside "BOI" to push Thai Ching to future industry leaders|"BOI" Roadshow Attracting foreign investors to Thailand, focusing on target industries, pushing Thailand to the top of production bases in the region. Japan-U.S. pilot flagged off China South Korea and the EU continue to unveil plans to make Thailand the second home for investors. Raising the army to invest abroad, Mr. Narit Thodsathirasak Secretary-General of the Board of Investment (BOI) Unveiled a plan to proactively organize activities to attract investment in 2023 after COVID-19 eases. BOI has accelerated its proactive game and targeted audiences. To push Thailand "Thailand has the potential to be a stable and safe production base for countries because in addition to having infrastructure ready to support investments in utilities, industrial estates, clean energy, qualified personnel, as well as various benefits that are conducive to doing business and long-term residence, it also has good relations with all countries and has the ability to manage various situations without affecting the business sector." From central and 16 BOI offices around the world to disseminate new investment promotion measures and investment opportunities in Thailand. There are conferences and seminars by country, industry. The main target investors are Japan, China, Taiwan, South Korea, India, the United States and European Union (EU) countries such as Germany, France, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, focusing on target industries such as electric vehicles (EVs), smart electronics, digital, health and medical and circular economy, as well as attracting leading companies to set up regional headquarters and R&D centers in Thailand. During the U.S. roadshow, BOI traveled with Thai Trade Representative Maj. Gen. Chayotit Kritakorn and a team from the Royal Thai Embassy to target digital and electronic industries such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google, Microsoft, Western Digital, Analog Devices, etc. Promote new BOI investment in the next 5 years (2023-2027), especially the retention and expansion program that focuses on existing investors who continue to invest. "BOI will provide additional income tax exemption benefits for 3-5 years to invite leading companies to see Thailand as a second home and relocate their business base to Thailand in terms of manufacturing, regional offices and R&D centers, as well as measures to facilitate high-potential foreigners, especially long-term stay visas (LTR) that provide benefits to stay in Thailand for up to 10 years and obtain work permits. At the previous BOI board meeting, it was agreed to integrate 4 agencies, namely BOI, Department of Revenue, Department of Business Development, and Bank of Thailand in the service of setting up regional offices. REDUCE THE PROCESS AND OBSTACLES IN SETTING UP A REGIONAL OFFICE IN THAILANDSPONSORED. In the next 3 months, there are plans to attract investment from China. South Korea and the EU will continue to invest in foreign countries. BOI also focuses on promoting Thai entrepreneurs to be strong, standardized and able to connect with the global market. Exim Bank and other agencies to encourage potential Thai entrepreneurs to invest abroad. To expand business opportunities Expand knowledge and technology as well as increase Thailand's role on the world stage.
16 Thai stocks over 20 billion baht held by Credit Suisse|According to Thairath Money, Credit Suisse has a net shareholding in Thai listed companies worth more than 20 billion baht. The top 3 companies are Stark Corporation (STARK) 33.87% valued at 6.97 billion baht, Minor International Pcl (MINT) 26.79% valued at 5.51 billion baht, and Srisawat Plc. Sawad Corporation (SAWAD) 15.15% valued at 3.11 billion baht. It also holds KSL, KEX, NER, TSE, TWPC, BWG, FNS, PTECH, BTS, TTA, BANPU, TMT, while The Associated Press reports that Swiss regulators are ready to help giant Credit Suisse with problems "if necessary" as the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank in the United States has raised fears of a wider crisis. The comments from the Swiss National Bank (SNB) came after shares in Credit Suisse fell 24% to record lows. Investors are concerned about the position of troubled companies and are frightened by the failure of U.S. banks, while concerns spread across the stock market, with all major indices falling sharply. The Swiss National Bank (SNB), the Swiss financial market regulator, seeks to reassure investors. There are also strict regulations in place on Swiss financial institutions to "guarantee stability", and if Credit Suisse meets the requirements of banks considered to be systematically important, SNB will provide liquidity to Credit Suisse. Director of Securities Analysis Division, TISCO Asset Management, added that the overall investment climate of the Thai stock market this morning was quite worrisome. This was due to the pressure from the recent financial crisis of the banking sector. This affects the overall investment picture in both the US and European stock markets. While it remains to be seen whether there will be a sell-off from Credit Suisse, which holds Thai shares, it is not seen that it does not have a large proportion compared to the overall market. Thai stock indices are quite volatile to receive the news that comes in continuously. But most of the time, there's more negative news than positive. However, the movement of the SET index today will have the first support at 1,550-1,555 points and the next support at 1,540 points. Credit Suisse shares are considered to be merely custodian shares, which may come from investors or owners of private investment companies through overseas shareholding, mainly Thai investors who hold shares through CREDIT SUISSE AG, SINGAPORE BRANCH, which may own the company, or the structuring of shareholdings or private funds.
Thai stocks today, March 16, 2023, ended the morning stock market down 14.14, the index was at 1,550 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was down 14.14 to 1,550.86. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 16, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell 14.14, a change of -0.90%. The index is at 1,550.86. The turnover was 38,557.62 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
SET believes credit suisse problem does not affect Thai stocks, pointing to shares as custodians|The thai stock market index this morning continued to sell off, hitting a low of 1,538.10 points, or 26.90 points, before buying back momentum, closing the morning trading at 1,550 points, or 14.14 points, down 0.90%. Director & Manager The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) Credit Suisse's problems are a problem of the company's strength and are unique and do not affect the overall picture of the global economy. Credit Suisse's shareholding in Thailand is merely through Custodian and not a direct investment of the bank. Unlike the previously troubled SVB, the speed of news has caused investors around the world to worry and continue to sell off risky assets. After that, the Swiss National Bank Financial Assistance Notice As a result, the sell-off has decreased and the stock markets of many countries have recovered. In the 16 securities held in the Thai stock market of Credit Suisse, the shareholding was initially held primarily through Custodian. It is not directly owned by commercial banks, each of which has a different business. However, in terms of the stock exchange, the thing that needs to be accelerated after this is to provide accurate and complete information to investors to make decisions.
Thai startup investors see SVB falling without directly affecting VC, pointing out that U.S. VC still has little investment in ASEAN|Sam Tansakul Managing Director, Krungsri Finnovet Co., Ltd., a joint venture capital (CVC) under Bank of Ayudhya Thairath Money revealed that in the case of Silicon Valley Bank, liquidity problems that forced it to close, which has affected the tech startup ecosystem in the United States. It does not directly affect the startup ecosystem in Thailand and ASEAN, from the perspective of investors, our home market still has high growth potential in terms of fundraising. However, the number of startups may not be able to keep up with the supply side, while venture capital investments from the U.S. side most often invest in startups in Singapore and Indonesia. At the same time, thai investors who invest in startups and U.S. funds are also small. But in the long run, it does not affect investor confidence. Investors continue to look for potential startups, and at this point, startups and tech companies can turn the crisis into an opportunity and draw money into investment in the region. The lack of liquidity accumulated during COVID by major tech companies and startups in the U.S., coupled with the impact of the liquidity crisis on startup banks, may slow down funding in the U.S. and the addition of investment regulations that require greater diversification. In the past, investors often deposited money at a single bank to reduce the impact on investors and private funds. Investors who have invested abroad must be more cautious when investing. ASSESS THE RISKS AND CLOSELY MONITOR THE SITUATION.
The beginning of "King's Stella" 60 years ago, the first customers were bars, massage parlors, hotels. |The beginning of "King's Stella" air freshener 60 years ago, the first customers were bars, massage parlors, hotels, cafes. Preparing to raise revenues exceeding 2,000 million baht both domestically and internationally. Chairman of the Board Kingstella Group Co., Ltd., or KSG, said that if you go back 60 years, the company was founded in the era of Father Suthep Kittikasemsak from 1963 onwards, starting to sell in entertainment venues such as bars, cafes and expanding to department stores and shops. The Group has 5 business segments: Air Care, Home Care, Car Care, Pet Care and Personal Care, which can meet the needs of consumers in various markets, especially in the personal care group with King's Stella Hand Sanitizer hand sanitizer, which is a very popular product during the COVID-19 pandemic, with sales of more than 100 million baht during that period. As a result, we have invested more than 100 million baht in the pet product portfolio. In addition, President's WaxOne has been a pioneer in the Car Care market in Thailand since 1973, becoming Thailand's first leather maintenance spray and also holding the market leadership in Vietnam. The Company's policy is to adjust the price of the last product in the market. In the past, the average cost of raw materials of the company has increased by as much as 30%, which causes the company to adjust to manage costs more efficiently. In the short term, however, it will create a more long-term impression for customers because customers will understand the company that helps consumers' living expenses by sustaining prices in this segment for as long as possible. Of course, the tourism sector is the main engine of the Thai economy and will allow consumer goods to benefit from the improvement in consumer purchasing power. Kittikasemsak, Chief Executive Officer of Kingstella Group, said that the company's approach to business in the next five years is expected to require an investment of approximately 250 million baht. To develop new products to the market and market more comprehensively. To push the revenue target up to 2,000 million baht. In the past 5 years, despite the crisis caused by the spread of COVID-19, there has still been an average growth of 12% per year, considering that due to the positive factors of the domestic economy, including the expansion of the company's market this year, the revenue will be 1,000 million bahtSPONSORED. At present, exports to 13 countries account for 15-20%, with export markets growing relatively well from 2021 onwards. Originally, the export market would be in the form of importers buying for resale, but from now on, there will be investment in destination countries where the market has potential because it can take better care of customers"Originally, we exported all 5 groups of products through more than 13 countries, both in ASEAN and nearby. From now on, more emphasis will be placed on investing, setting up companies and marketing itself, such as Vietnam, focusing on PET CARE group because it is a highly growing market, followed by India. By 2Q23, we will be registering the company there. IN THE FOURTH QUARTER, IT WILL INVEST IN THE PHILIPPINES, FOCUSING ON AIR CARE AND CAR CARE, WHILE NEXT YEAR WILL BE INDONESIA. IT ALSO CONDUCTS FEASIBILITY STUDIES IN THE SAUDI ARABIAN MARKET."
Thai stocks today, March 16, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 10.35 points, the index was at 1,554 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 10.35. The index is at 1,554.65. Turnover 69,665.73 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 16, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 10.35 percent. Change -0.66% The index is at 1,554.65. The index peaked at 1,558.67. The index is at a low of 1,538.10. The turnover was 69,665.73 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Banpu Public Company Limited 5. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited.
Thai banks are still strong, "Phakorn" is not worried about "Credit Suisse" There is a problem.|"Phakorn" is not worried about Credit Suisse Bank experiencing difficulties because there are not many businesses linked to Thailand and it does not affect the economy and the Thai stock market. While Thai commercial banks remain strong, they admit that at the moment, they are not. Stock markets around the world, including Thailand, are volatile and vulnerable. Investors must closely monitor the information and impacts. THE SET SAID THAT CREDIT SUISSE FACED A LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL CRISIS THAT IT BELIEVED DID NOT AFFECT THE THAI ECONOMY AND COMMERCIAL BANKS IN THAILAND, INCLUDING THE THAI STOCK MARKET. Global stock markets, including Thailand, are vulnerable and volatile, so it is important to provide investors with information to make the most complete decisions. Measures to support market volatility In the event that stock indices rise and fall sharply, We already have measures in place, but the current situation has not reached the point where it needs to be implemented. It doesn't happen only to the market. Thai stocks, however, occurred around the world, such as European stock markets, up and down by 2-3%, so it is necessary to provide information to investors, especially uncertainty and news, confirming that the problem affects Thailand very rarely. However, the SET is currently working with foreign institutional investors to update information and exchange information continuously. As well as working with relevant agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Bank of Thailand (BOT). managing director Housing Bank and President of the Association of State Financial Institutions The closure of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and Signature Bank in the United States said the incident was not yet a serious impact, but what happened was just a panic on both the financial system and investors, causing the market outlook to swing. I personally expect that within 1-2 weeks, the impact of this crisis should be stagnant, and each country will take measures to understand the people and take care of financial institutions in the country. However, on the part of state financial institutions, interest is pegged throughout the year. 65.
Bank of Thailand launches low-interest home loans|Mr. Chatchai Sirilai managing director Government Housing Bank (TBA) It was revealed that THE BANK has signed a Memorandum of Understanding for business cooperation through "Home Loan Project (SAM) by GHB" between Sukhumvit Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SAM) by THE BANK to prepare a total credit limit of 800 million baht. The company has launched a home loan product with a minimum interest rate of 3.80% per annum to encourage people who want to buy a second-hand home from SAM to access low-interest home loans with a lower installment burden compared to an average monthly down payment of 2,000-3,000 baht. The Managing Director of THE BANK said that the cooperation will increase the opportunity for people who want to buy residential properties such as detached houses, townhouses, residential units, commercial buildings, etc. in good locations and reasonable prices nationwide from SAM by direct purchase or auction method to receive special rights and interest rates to apply for loans through THORS. SAM is one of the government's economic solutions. THIS PARTNERSHIP IS CONSIDERED TO HELP REPATRIATE ABANDONED ASSETS, EXPAND OR CREATE ADDED VALUE, WHICH PROMOTES THE COUNTRY'S ECONOMIC GROWTH AS A WHOLE.
Supporting health and beauty business, commerce joins hands with "Gowabi" as a mentor to enter the digital market|Mr. Thapapol Thangsubutr Director General, Department of Business Development He said the department has organized activities to promote the trade of service businesses through digital marketing. In collaboration with Gowabi (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and startup businesses. It will be pushed into GoWabi, a leading platform in the hospitality business, to create marketing opportunities, stimulate sales through marketing activities through the campaign "DBD Wellness Gift Fest, stimulate sales, increase revenue wellness business, believe that it will generate income for entrepreneurs and create economic value for the country". Health and beauty service operators interested in participating in such activities and campaigns can participate today until March 31. Follow the application news via Facebook fanpage : DBD Wellness and website www.dbd.go.th or call 0-2547-5954, 08-2354-9946 or Line official @dbdwellness Ms. Vipawee Wongsirisak, co-founder of GoWabi Thailand, said that GoWabi is a digital platform that provides search and booking services related to health and beauty that brings together massage, spa, onsen, nail salons and beauty salons as an online shopping mall where customers can easily book services with just a click.
The standard "hemp"|Mr. Banjong Sukreetha Secretary-General of the Office of Industrial Standards At present, TIS has announced 6 TIS standards for industrial products such as TIS 3171-2564. Hemp seed oil TIS 3172-2564 Hemp extract with a total CBD content of not less than 30% by TIS mass 3173-2564 Hemp extracts containing CBD (cannabidiol with pain-relieving properties, relieve nausea and vomiting from chemotherapy, relieve insomnia) totaling not less than 80%, with the most recently completed TIS 2 TIS, namely TIS 3490-2565 Hemp Crete Block Standard and TIS 3553-2566 Hemp Particulate Board Standard, which is the processing of hemp core into natural building materials but maintains the quality and standard for TIS Hemp Crete Block, covering only hemp block for non-performing walls. This June is considered a new innovation in the construction industry that uses hemp to produce building materials and generates income for Thai farmers.
Don't abuse! Thai Jasmine Rice|Mr. Ranarong Poonpipat Director-General of the Department of Foreign Trade It was revealed that the Department has renewed the Hom Mali Rice trademark of the Department. The Thai Hom Mali Rice Certification Mark and the "HOM MALI" trademark have been registered with the Thai Intellectual Property Department since 1991 and 1998 respectively, and have been registered for protection in 48 countries around the world, which must be renewed every 10 years, and in 2023 are under renewal in 8 countries, including Turkey, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Austria, Japan, Sweden, Singapore and Vietnam. Hungary, Poland, Denmark, Israel, Switzerland, Spain, Benelux, Iceland and Canada"Renewal of the mark to protect the mark at home and abroad, not to infringe or imitate the mark or impersonate the mark to promote its own rice. In spite of not being authentic Thai Hom Mali rice or adulterating other types of rice, which will lead customers to believe that it is Hom Mali rice from Thailand, and may cause Thai Hom Mali Rice to lose its good image or lose the market." At the same time, it will cooperate closely with overseas agencies of the Ministry of Commerce to exchange information and publicize Thai Hom Mali rice to be known in the international market and expand the trademark database of Thai Hom Mali rice exporters. It is open to exporters of Thai Hom Mali rice who have received a certification mark to inform the Department as a database for overseas buyers to know which exporter they want to buy authentic Thai Hom Mali rice, which will reinforce the status of premium rice products of standard quality from Thailand as the only one in the world and build confidence among buyers and consumers to expand the market base more broadly for such trademarks. It is a quality mark. In the past, such marks were often violated abroad, especially those countries that consume Thai Hom Mali rice, so the Department had to register for protection in various countries, especially the major export markets of Thai Hom Mali rice, so as not to be infringed or others pretending to use the mark on their own rice. In spite of not being a genuine Thai jasmine rice, this may damage the image of Thai hom mali rice and may eventually lose the market.
The lottery division reiterates the issue of transparent prizes, not locking numbers.|Reporters reported that the atmosphere of the government lottery was outstanding. Period 16 Mar 23 There's a buzz. When the last 2 numbers of the prize issued 73 match the last number of the 1st prize issued 025873, the 1st prize winner will receive an additional 2,000 baht for a total of 6,002,000 baht for the digital lottery prize on March 16, 2023. There are a total of 18 1st prize winners, representing 108 million baht. Duang Sud Heng won the 1st prize with 10 cards, received 60 million baht, and also received an additional 20,000 baht in the last number. In addition, 5 winners received 30 million baht, 2 received 12 million baht, and 1 person received 6 million baht. As of April 1, 2023, there will be 18.8 million tickets sold. director The Government Lottery Office said that in the case of the last two numbers corresponding to the last number of the 1st prize, all numbers have the same chance of occurring according to the probability. Manager, Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) As President of the Awards Confirm that the award process is transparent and that there is absolutely no number locked. Prior to issuance, the prize is checked throughout. THE PRIZE MACHINE IS A MANUAL SYSTEM WHICH CANNOT LOCK ANYTHING.
EV 3.5 package waiting for the next government "Supattanapong" If you don't, unfortunately.|"Supattanapong" unveils ev 3.5 promotion package to attract more car manufacturers to set up production bases in Thailand Before the dissolution of parliament, he hoped a new government would take it first. This government has done a lot of good things. If the new government does not continue, it is a pity. Panmichao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy He said the government's push to support electric vehicles (EVs) or EV 3.0 measures that will expire at the end of 2023 has been very well received. The government has therefore created a package to attract additional investment from automakers. However, when it is not approved in the Cabinet due to the close of dissolution of parliament, it is confident that this measure will be considered as the first measure of the new government because it is good for the country's economy and the people are very fond of it. The current EV promotion policy has seen significant tangible results. Over the weekend, two EV manufacturers, NETA and BYD, laid the foundation stone for the construction of an EV manufacturing plant in Thailand. It is expected that in the next 1-2 years, the factory will be completed, and there will be many more car camps that will come to build factories in Thailand, both manufacturing plants and electric vehicle assembly plants, Mr. Supattanapong said. The government's priority economic model is carbon reduction and BCG policy drive, which has driven key industries such as the production of electric vehicles (EVs) and key parts of EVs in Thailand, as well as promoting carbon sequestration technology. Promote renewable energy to reduce dependence on oil and foreign energy imports. ENSURE THAT IT IS THE RIGHT DIRECTION AND THAT NO MATTER WHICH POLITICAL PARTY BECOMES THE GOVERNMENT, IT WILL CONTINUE BECAUSE IT BENEFITS THE COUNTRY'S ECONOMY AND IS A WAY TO INCREASE INCOME FOR THE PEOPLE. Thailand has a carbon neutrality goal by 2050 or 2050. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited (PTTEP) has started promoting the study of carbon capture technology (CCS) for use in the petroleum production and power generation sectors. Study the geological features of the sea that can store large amounts of carbon. Some potential areas have now been identified, and the matter has attracted the attention of the Japanese government, which is considered highly likely. As for electricity generation that will require carbon sequestration, the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) has studied underground storage at Mae Moh in Lampang province, which may have nearby areas that store carbon as well. If successful, it will be able to extend the life of coal-fired power generation at the Mae Moh power plant. By collecting offset carbon emissions, emissions are lower than current levels, which gives Thailand more options for generating electricity. This government has begun discussions with the Cambodian government in the maritime overlap area between Thailand and Cambodia (OCA) in the Gulf of Thailand to lead to future cooperation on petroleum exploration, which both countries agree is energy security and mutual economic opportunity. If you don't continue, it's a shame because the aim of these policies is to develop the country and raise the income of the Thai people."
Banpu Power aims for sustainability, generating 5,300 megawatts of electricity Hoping hydrogen business is a new S curve|Mr. Kirana Limpayom Chief Executive Officer of Banpu Power Public Company Limited (BPP) revealed its operating results for the year 2022 with total revenue of 24,501, a growth of 261% from the previous year, with a net profit of Baht 5,739 million. Earnings before tax, interest, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of Baht 9,124 million increased by 84% year-on-year. In 2023-2025, the company plans to drive its business in accordance with the "Triple E" approach as follows: 1. Ecosystem: Aim to create quality megawatts with a balanced portfolio of thermal power business, renewable power business and energy technology 2. Excellence: Maintain production stability along with EAF efficiency and focus on generating cash flow consistently and increasing profitability opportunities in high-demand markets.  3. ESG: Conduct business in accordance with sustainability principles, taking into account environmental, social and corporate governance to achieve the goal of increasing power generation capacity by 5,300 MW. By 2025, the new S-curve focuses on hydrogen education and carbon emission management. From coal-fired power plants to natural gas power plants, it is currently being studied further to find a new type of base load. In January, it signed an MOU with the Japanese government to study the feasibility of using ammonia as a hydrogen vehicle to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants. The company is focused on financing additional power plants by preparing a three-year investment budget of $500-700 million to increase power generation capacity, which is currently in due diligence of several large power plants to achieve the goal of increasing power generation capacity by 5,300 megawatts. By 2025, this year's revenue target depends on the ability to merge or acquire new businesses (M&A), which will lead to exponential revenue growth, and in 2023, it is expected to increase its power generation capacity by 1,000 megawatts from the closing of several power plant purchase deals. In addition, there is an opportunity to make additional profits from the free market business in the United States, where the state of Texas provides the opportunity to trade electricity through a central trading platform (Energy Trading) and retail electricity business for small households. Industrial or business sectorsSPONSORED
Gold Price Gold Price Today 17 Mar 2023 Open On Friday Jewelry Sold Out 31,750 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Friday morning market 17th Mar 23 No increase, no discount for the price of "gold bullion" sold out baht 31,250 The price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 31,750 baht per baht on March 17, 2023. At 9:29 a.m., the price had not moved, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,150 baht per baht. "Gold Jewelry" buys 30,592.88 baht, sells out 31,750 baht, gold today 2 shillings 50 satang, gold bullion 2 shillings, buys 15,575 baht, sells out 15,625 baht, gold jewelry 2 shillings, buys 15,296.44 baht, sells out 15,875 baht. Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,787.5 Baht Sell Out 7,812.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,648.22 Baht Sell Out 7,937.5 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,893.75 Baht Sell Out 3,906.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,824.11 Baht Sell Out 3,968.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
The Royal Water Bath "Khunying want to Siriwattanapakdee" at Thep Sirindravas Temple|"The King", His Majesty the King said. "Her Majesty's Department" To attend the royal funeral of "Khunying want to Siriwattanapakdee" on March 17, 2023. Executive Vice Chairman, Thai Beverage Public Company Limited The wife of Charoen Siriwattanapakdee passed away at 01.24 a.m. Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Department Prince Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Maha Vajiralongkorn His Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn went on behalf of His Majesty the King to attend the royal funeral. Mrs. want to Siriwattanapakdee M.P.C., M.W.M., P.P., T.J., W.P.R.4 at The Pavilion of Poetry Niramit, Thepsirindravas Temple. His Majesty The King has been gracious to his Majesty the King for the schedule of royal funerals and royal services on Friday, March 17, 2023, March 18-23, 2023Friday, March 24, 2023SPONSORED, Saturday, March 25, 2023.
Thai workers prepare Saudi Arabia receives household chores High wages, good welfare|Thai workers prepare Saudi Arabia receives household chores through helperlink platform to raise high wages and good welfare. There are plane tickets, clothes, food and accommodation for Mr. Muhammad al-Zavoich. Director of Business Development, Helperlink Solutions, said that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has a steady demand for foreign workers, especially from Thailand, and in line with the continued increase in demand for overseas workers when the country reopens after the COVID-19 crisis, due to higher wages than working in the country. Helperlink sees an opportunity to connect employers and employees with technology that most people are accustomed to using through platforms like websites, chats and video calls. Holoul's online recruitment platform in Saudi Arabia, which specializes in providing solutions to government agencies and private businesses in Saudi Arabia, is an important tool to connect job applicants or workers looking for opportunities to work in Saudi Arabia with entrepreneurs or business owners or employers who are looking for quality workers to become domestic helpers. Applicants can fill in their personal information and select the position they are interested in, and then the applicant can communicate directly with the employer via chat. You can also schedule a job interview via the latest video call, there are employers in the job opening system for the position of domestic care assistant. Both housewives. cook cook Hundreds of drivers, child caregivers, elderly caregivers and garden keepers. The $500 per month wage is higher than wages in other countries. Flight tickets, clothing, meals and accommodation are also provided. Workers who are interested in applying for jobs on the Helperlink platform have booths to introduce registration in 14 provinces: Chiang Mai, Lamphun, Udon Thani, Khon Kaen, Nakhon Ratchasima, Ubon Ratchathani, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Saraburi, Samut Prakan, Rayong, Ratchaburi, Phuket, Songkhla and Yala, etc. The goal of the event is to gather 10,000 interested workers by the end of the month. This April 23
Thai household debt: Why worry?|supreet suwannik Puay Economic Research Institute If anyone has been following the economic news continuously, it is inevitable that they will encounter the term "household debt". Household debt has become an issue of interest to various agencies due to the much accelerated debt. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) closely monitors and analyzes the risk of household debt, as well as trying to issue measures to solve household debt problems systematically and directly. Many of you have asked the author if they have seen any news about household debt, but have not yet understood why this is a worrying situation in order to raise awareness among the wider public about the concerns and root causes of household debt problems. The BOT and the Puay Ngpakorn Economic Research Institute have jointly created a new website called Data Scrollytelling on "How critical is Thai household debt, why should it not be overlooked?" which the author thinks is easy to understand. It doesn't take long and it's fun to learn. THEREFORE, I INVITE YOU TO TRY AND LEARN, AND LET ME QUOTE SOME INFORMATION FROM THERE TO ANSWER THE QUESTION AS A SAUCE FOR YOU READERS AS FOLLOWS: WHY IS THE SITUATION OF THAI HOUSEHOLD DEBT SO WORRYING? The majority of Thais' debt is loans that may not generate income in the future. (non–productive loan) According to credit bureau loan data from the third quarter of 2022, 69% of all Thai household debt accounts are personal loans and credit cards, which are often used consumer debt that does not help increase income or make life better in the future. Some of you may be wondering, what about home loans (home debt), which are not in this category? It appears that for Thailand, it accounts for 35% of the total debt value, as opposed to developed countries that have similar debt-to-GDP ratios to Thailand, such as Japan and the U.S., where home debt accounts for 62% and 73% of the total debt value of each country, respectively. The majority of debt lies with borrowers who have problems with their ability to repay their debts, with 1 in 5 Thais having bad debts, or more than 5.8 million people, most of whom are personal loans. Working age group (20-35 years) It has the highest proportion of loans that may not generate income and the highest proportion of borrowers with bad debts as 1 in 4! Farmers and low-income groups have the highest debt service ratio and are at risk of not being able to repay their debts or only pay interest or part, which makes it difficult to get out of the debt loop. We invite you to find out the answer at https://projects.pier.or.th/household–debt/ now.
Vikram Kromdit The owner of Amata Estate gives 20 billion of private property to the public.|Vikram Kromdit AMATA Chief Executive Officer or owner of AMATA Estate announced the surrender of 95% of personal assets or approximately 20,000 million baht to AMATA Foundation for public benefit on March 17, 2023. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Amata Corporation Public Company Limited (AMATA) and President of AMATA Foundation said that the 70th anniversary is an important part of life planning to ensure the stability of AMATA Foundation's operations. Therefore, a will was made to give personal assets to Amata Foundation worth more than 95% of the total assets available, or approximately 20,000 million baht. Whether it is land, buildings, condominiums, stock exchanges, as well as other private property to be in the public interest according to the purpose of establishment, which will lead to one of the mechanisms to raise the quality of society. The Thai Environment and Economy for the Amata Foundation was established 27 years ago with projects under objectives such as the Rewards Program. "From my first day in business, I have always adhered to the All Win goal and the commitment of doing good things to everyone. Especially when successful in the business, profits should be shared back to society and the environment. To make Thai society a quality and livable society, such as civilized countries. I have compiled life experiences from childhood and published more than 11.6 million newspapers so that society can learn and apply them in various occasions that may arise. It was my intention after learning, practicing life and crisis to drive the Amata Group's business to succeed in developing industrial estates into innovative cities, technologies and sustainable environments. With the idea that we are born from zero and left to zero. Between the centers, we should create something useful and valuable to society in the long run." The next phase of the world continues to have many challenges and changes that all parties, including the Amata Group, need to adapt to. AMATA has set development goals under the AMATA Smart City concept to stabilize businesses that are in line with the changing future of the world that focuses on modern innovation. However, the Amata Foundation is ready to share with Thai society during difficult situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that from now on, no matter how many crises, we are ready to help support society to move through the transition to something better and more sustainable forever.
SET reveals 2022 profit of 9.74 billion baht It fell 1.9%, revealing a contraction due to pressure costs. |Mr. Manpong Sena narong, Deputy Manager Head of Issuer Division The Stock Exchange of Thailand Disclosed that the company is registered (PLC). 798 companies representing 98.6% of the total 809 companies (including SET and mai and excluding property funds, infrastructure funds, etc.) Or NC) submitted its operating results for the year 2022 ended 31 December 2022. Reported net profit of 619 companies, representing 77.6% of the company's Submitted all financial statements operating results for the year 2022 compared to the same period of the previous year. In SET, sales amounted to 17,680,306 million baht. 32.4% increase The production cost is 13,916,480 million baht. 36.8% increase in core profit of Baht 1,832,029 million Increased by 18.4% and net profit of Baht 974,759 million However, in 2022, there are quite a lot of special items. Excluding such transactions, net profit will increase by approximately 5% for the company's financial position as of December 31, 2022. Thailand's debt-to-equity ratio (D/E ratio) (excluding the financial industry) stood at 1.59 times, up from 1.53 times compared to the previous year. In the energy business Food, services and real estate sales improved due to high oil prices. Opening up the country and measures to reduce transfer and mortgage fees In addition, the expanding economy has allowed the banking business to expand well as well. Volatile commodity prices and rising financing costs. As a result, the growth rate of profit slows down. However, many businesses with lower net profit include petrochemicals, rubber, steel, and insurance. Even in the first half of 2023, which is expected to stimulate tourism from the government, the economy will continue to grow. There will still be challenges due to high oil prices and rising energy bills," Mr. Manpong said. In mai stock exchange in 2022 compared to the same period last year Total sales amounted to 214,691 million baht. Increased by 20.1% with operating profit of Baht 12,556 million Net profit increased by 1.8% and net profit was 7,413 million baht. 23.0% decrease
SCB EIC adjusts GDP growth by 3.9% to receive hot travel non-stop, worried about people becoming more indebted, and not keeping up with expenses|SCB EIC revised up its 2023 economic forecast to 3.9% due to the recovery of the tourism and service sectors. Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Strategy Group and Executive Vice President Siam Commercial Bank's Chief Executive Officer of Economic Intelligence Center (EIC) said the research center raised its 2023 economic forecast to 3.9% (previously 3.4%), driven by a rebound in tourism and services. The number of foreign tourists in 2023 is expected to reach 30 million, and it will return to pre-COVID-19 levels by the end of 2024. Other tourist arrivals are also expected to recover, which will support the continued recovery of the labor and consumption market in terms of Thai exports this year. Although the outlook is not very bright, the outlook remains that exports will continue to expand by 1.2% in line with better-than-expected growth in the global economy and recovering demand from China. In addition, there are 3 export markets with potential and opportunities for Thailand: the Middle East market; CLMV market and Latin American market Private investment is expected to expand in line with improved business confidence, as well as higher acquisitions and issuance of investment promotion cards for headline inflation expected to be 2.7%, returning to the target range in line with lower global energy prices and continued domestic energy price subsidies. However, core inflation is expected to slow to 2.4%, but remains high, reflecting the gradual transfer of costs from producers to consumer prices during the strengthening of the Thai economy and increasing demand-side inflationary pressures. however THE THAI ECONOMY WILL CONTINUE TO FACE SIGNIFICANT DOWNSIDE RISKS, NAMELY SPONSORED1. Geopolitics problems may affect global supply chain and Thai exports 2. Global monetary policy tightens as global inflation slowly declines 3. Household debt accelerates, putting pressure on consumption 4. Political uncertainty that could affect confidence in public investment and spending going forward, as well as new risks from the global financial stability crisis that need to be closely monitored. As long as the central bank can provide sufficient liquidity assistance and keep up with the global economy in 2023, expanding better than previously assessed, the Fed will continue to raise interest rates in the case of the SCB EIC base. Therefore, the global economic forecast was revised up from 1.8% to 2.3% as better-than-expected economic data and China opened up faster. The U.S. and the European Union are likely to avoid a recession. China's economy is likely to expand strongly due to the recovery of private consumption after reopening in three years, while global headline inflation is likely to fall in line with falling global energy prices, but core inflation at the Federal Reserve is likely to slow down more slowly. Strong employment figures support labor income and spending. As a result, the central bank is likely to raise its policy rate higher than previously expected. It is likely to raise interest rates to 5.25-5.5% (previously expected 5.0-5.25%), as well as the European Central Bank, which is likely to raise interest rates to 3.75% (previously expected 3.25%). Global financial conditions will not be much tighter as the Silicon Valley Bank situation in the U.S. is in trouble and has been shut down. It is expected to cause a slight decline in liquidity and confidence in global financial markets in the short term. The risk of escalating into a global financial crisis like in 2008 is still small, but it is seen as an important risk factor to closely monitor. As well as the risk of geopolitical conflicts between the U.S. and China that could affect the global economy, trade, and supply chains, developing economies are raving. If there is a new global financial crisis, Dr. Thitima Choudhury The Director of Economic and Financial Market Research, Economic Intelligence Center (EIC), said that in the event of a new global financial crisis, the situation could escalate into a new global financial crisis. The global economy will likely enter a recession, and EMs will be severely affected through 4 channels1. Exports worsened. Capital outflows to safe-haven assets Financial conditions in the country are tightening2. 3. The monetary policy of EMs with weak foreign stability must accelerate interest rate hikes to support the currency. The Thai economy may be affected through exports and tight financial conditions. Thai financial markets may face high volatility in accordance with the direction of the global financial markets4. Stock market indices declined as capital flowed out of risky assets, as in the past. Thailand's financial markets are strong despite the high volatility during the recent financial crisis. The volatility of Thai financial conditions as a whole does not affect the level of tightness in financial conditions much. The impact of capital market channels on household wealth as a whole is limited. PEOPLE ARE INCREASINGLY IN DEBT BECAUSE THEIR INCOMES ARE NOT GROWING IN TIME WITH THEIR EXPENDITURES DUE TO THE PROBLEM OF THAI HOUSEHOLD DEBT THAT IS STILL HIGH. This is in line with the recent SCB EIC Consumer survey, which showed that income growth has not kept pace with expenditure in the past 6 months, especially for low-income people, new borrowers have increased significantly since the COVID-19 crisis and are more likely to borrow in the future to pay off old debts. In addition, informal loan receivables are also concerned by the rising trend of debt formation for the 2023 general elections, which is considered an issue to be monitored as well because it may affect public spending depending on the speed at which the new government is enacted in 2024. It is expected that the budget disbursement rate under the acting government and the transition of the new government will be somewhat lower, and the Budget Act 2024 will be enacted no later than 3 months. In addition, SCB EIC expects thailand's policy rate to gradually rise in the first half of the year to 2% as the Thai economy continues to recover and Thai inflation will not fall quickly. THE BAHT IS LIKELY TO WEAKEN IN THE FIRST HALF OF THIS YEAR, BUT WILL STRENGTHEN TO 32-33 BAHT PER U.S. DOLLAR AT THE END OF THIS YEAR DUE TO STRONGER THAI ECONOMIC FUNDAMENTALS AND A WEAKENING OF THE US DOLLAR, ESPECIALLY AFTER THE FED STOPPED RAISING INTEREST RATES IN THE SECOND HALF OF THE YEAR.
Microsoft is back in action because it considers itself a startup.|Back 10 years ago, Microsoft's image might have looked a bit old. If since its founding in 1975, Microsoft's age has been overwhelmingly successful. Surrounded by a new generation of children who are full of ideas and ready to shake the world the way Microsoft did in the past, but in the era of Sataya Nadella, Microsoft gradually revived Microsoft to the phrase "Microsoft is eating the world". From Windows operating systems, cloud platforms, web browsers, the gaming industry, and most recently to investments in AI technology, the company announced an additional $10 billion investment in 'Open AI', a startup that created 'ChatGPT', and continued to improve the search engine 'Bing' with new features. "Today, the competition has begun, we're moving forward and it's a rapid move," SPONSORED said in a recent report from Brand Finance, a global independent brand value consultancy. Microsoft is valued at $191.6 billion, up 4% from last year, the fourth highest in the world, behind Amazon Apple Alphabet respectively. But going back to 2013, it could be said that Microsoft is a company that is in the status of a 'ghost child', because in those days smartphone innovation from Apple changed the scene of the tech industry forever while Microsoft stuck to its original success. Microsoft, under the founding and management of Bill Gates and Paul Allen, succeeded in becoming the world's No. 1 technology company from Windows. Ballmer fought the battle with an acquisition from Nokia, but was unable to resist friction from Apple in 2014 after Ballmer resigned and wanted to open the way for a new, more suitable executive. The location was passed on to Nadella, who did not come up with many new innovations. Startup Mindset is what brought Microsoft back to being the top 5 most valuable company in the world, which is when Nadella became the third executive. When he was elected to the helm of Microsoft, Nadella immediately announced a new position: Microsoft will re-establish its spiritual search. Every laptop home has successfully installed Microsoft and has ended. The mission after this is to empower everyone. To become more successful, Microsoft has had to shift from defensive to offensive to look for new possibilities for the company, with the 'Startup Mindset' at the heart of the pavement instead of focusing solely on revenue. Nadella puts the needs and passions of its customers at the heart of startup management, collecting feedback that customers talk about products to develop. Focus on real users and give the entire team a better understanding of the market. The team has set up the dashboard to match the previous usage, and after all the product improvements have been completed, it is necessary to solve the problem. 'Pain Point' for users Company revenue is an important cog in driving business, but money wouldn't have happened if manufacturers hadn't learned the needs of their users. It was also found that what makes it difficult for workers to move ideas also comes from the hierarchy in the company. Nadella sees that all employees come here with a dream of change and doing great things. Instead, they are stuck with a bulky processSPONSORED, so Microsoft has reduced its hierarchy. Software development teams like engineers must be free from the domination of senior management, free to innovate, and must make them the leading performer of the company. Instead of fighting back battles that aren't so useful, Microsoft in Nadella's era also encouraged and encouraged hundreds of thousands of ideas from the 'Private Hackathon' event, attended by around 10,000 people from hundreds of cities across the country. Nadella's implication is to flag that from this moment on. The company will no longer update its Windows operating system, and discontinue its investment in the smartphone business with Nokia to make the company's value-less pile-up work disappear and open up space for the development team to come up with new ideas without sticking to success on the same ship that can't go any further. It is signaling that the only option and survival after this is to move forward. Look for success with new avenues and never look back on the same yearning for success again. Nadella believes that the current AI model will make a big impact on the world. Microsoft , BrandDirectory , BusinessInsider , Reuters , Seattletimes , HBRSPONSORED
Be patient. Tomorrow "Oil Price" Gasohol group fell 60 sat.|Good News Weekend "Oil Prices" Gasohol group decreased by 60 st/L. With effect from 05.00 am tomorrow (18 March) on 17 March 2023, the reporter reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 60 satang/litre for all gasohol products. For Hi Premium 97 and diesel segments, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on 18 March 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.45 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.18 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.14 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.59 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.34 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (prices do not include local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
The economy is good, companies in the stock exchange, profits all over the page, the opening of the country causes the number of tourists to skyrocket.|Mr. Manpong Sena narong, Deputy Manager Head of Issuer Division The Stock Exchange of Thailand Disclosed that the company is listed (PLC). 798 companies representing 98.6% of the total 809 companies (including SET and mai and excluding property funds, infrastructure funds, etc.) Or NC) submitted its operating results for the year 2022 ended December 31, 2022. Reported net profit of 619 companies, representing 77.6% of the company's total financial statements. In SET, sales amounted to 17,680,306 million baht. 32.4% increase by PLC The production cost is 13,916,480 million baht. Increased by 36.8% and core profit of Baht 1,832,029 million The increase of 18.4% resulted in a net profit of Baht 974,759 million. However, in 2022, there are quite a lot of special items. Excluding such items, net profit increased by approximately 5%"The company in the energy, food, services and real estate businesses improved sales due to high oil prices, the opening of the country, and measures to reduce transfer and mortgage fees. However, many businesses with lower net profits, such as petrochemicals, rubber, steel and insurance, are expected to boost tourism from the government. Mai's operating results in 2022 compared to the same period last year Total sales amounted to 214,691 million baht. INCREASED 20.1% WITH OPERATING PROFIT OF 12,556 MILLION BAHT".SPONSORED
Check the results of eligibility considerations, poor card, state welfare card 2023 every day.|The progress of the registration program for poor cards and state welfare cards 2023 has a total of 10,058,399 people who have successfully verified their identity, reiterating that those who do not meet the criteria can apply for appeals through 2 channels. As of March 17, 2023, at 1:00 p.m., a total of 1,063,184 applicants were able to appeal the results of the eligibility examination through two channels: for March 2023, registrants can request to verify their eligibility results and appeal at provincial treasury offices in all provinces every day, including Saturdays and Sundays from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., starting from Saturday, March 11, 2023. Qualified applicants must use a smart card to verify their identity according to each bank's business hours and hours. Qualified candidates must verify their identity verification status via State Welfare Card Website Or contact the staff of the 7 registration agencies or call the relevant agencies, namely the Office of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Fiscal Economics and the Call Center of the State Welfare Card Program Monday - Friday, according to the business hours of each agency. Eligible applicants must link their PromptPay account with their citizen ID number to any bank. It is convenient to receive welfare rights in case the government provides welfare as money to be transferred to the account in the future. If the qualified person completes the identity verification process within March 1-26, 2023 and verifies that they have passed the identity verification (e-KYC), they will be able to use the welfare rights through their ID card from April 1, 2023. In addition, for those who do not meet the eligibility criteria (non-qualified), they can apply for an appeal from March 1 to May 1, 2023 (62 days) through 2 channels: self-appeal via the State Welfare Card website from 06.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m. every day, or appeal the result through all 7 registration agencies. A request for verification and/or correction of information must be processed. They must contact the qualification agency where the person does not meet the criteria for self-determination or meet the conditions specified by the qualification agency to request for improvement or correction of the information. The appeal must be completed by May 1, 2023, and the Ministry of Finance will process the appeal again. Before announcing the results of the appeal, please be informed.sponsored
Reduce diesel fuel prices 50 starts March 24 Hope to reduce the cost of living - the country recovers|Mr. Wisak Wattanasamon Director, Fuel Fund Office The results of the Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund (ABON) were disclosed as follows: Approved the reduction of the retail price of diesel fuel by 0.50 baht per liter. As a result, the retail price of diesel is 33.44 baht per liter. The new diesel retail price will take effect from March 24, and this is the third reduction after two cuts in February, totaling 1 baht per litre. This is to reduce the retail price of diesel to the public. In addition to helping people's living expenses. It also contributed to the rise in the retail price of diesel fuel, which hindered the country's economic recovery for the reason that the price reduction was due to the average price of fuel in the world market, especially diesel. Jan-Mar 15: Diesel fuel prices in November In February, the average was US$113.95 per barrel, in February US$103.61 per barrel, and the Cabinet resolution on March 14 extended the period of reducing the excise tax rate by 5 baht per litre for another 2 months from May 21 to July 20. The fuel fund's position on March 12 was negative 99,662 million baht. Oil accounts were negative 53,290 million baht and LPG accounts were negative 46,372 million baht. THE FUEL ACCOUNT EARNED 5.05 BAHT PER LITRE OF DIESEL AS OF MARCH 17, FROM THE PREVIOUS SUBSIDY OF UP TO 10 BAHT PER LITRE. This March, or 5% of the total production volume. China's economic growth following the opening of the country and the U.S. government's shutdown of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and Signature Bank (SB), as well as the financial situation that requires the assistance of Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-largest bank, for lpg prices in November 2018. In March, it was increased by 1 baht per kilogram (kg). As a result, the retail price stood at 423 baht per 15 kg drum, and the Energy Policy Services Committee recently decided to freeze the price for 3 months (April-June). At present, the actual cost is 510 baht per 15 kg tank in accordance with the highly volatile global situation. This resulted in a negative LPG account of 46,372 million baht.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 18 Mar 2023 Open Saturday Morning Market Up 500 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest The market opened on Saturday morning, March 18, 2023, up 500 baht for the price of "gold bullion", selling out 31,750 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,250 baht per baht. Baht 18 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 9:15 a.m., the price jumped 500 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,650 baht per baht. Baht 31,750 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,078 baht per baht. Baht 32,250 sold out Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 shillings Buy 15,825 baht Sell out 15,875 baht Gold jewelry 2 shillings Buy 15,539 baht Sell out 16,125 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion 1 Shilling Buy 7,912.5 Baht Sell Out 7,937.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,769.5 Baht Sell Out 8,062.5 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,956.25 Baht Sell Out 3,968.75 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,884.75 Baht Sell Out 4,031.25 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
The Competition Commission invited the platform to discuss the fee, fearing unfair competition.|Mr. Vishnu Wongsinsirikul Secretary-General of the Competition Commission According to the news, the online retail giant will raise the fee (fee). Use the market place service in all product categories more than double or adjust to 3.21-4.28% from 2.14% (vat included) for all product categories. Effective from April 1, 2023 onwards, the OFFICE of the SEC is concerned that business operators who partner with such platforms will be affected by higher fees that affect the cost burden, as well as concerns that this fee hike may lead to unfair competition between business operators under the Competition Act B.E. 2560." Concerned online retail platform businesses come to inquire about the facts and reasons for the increase in freight enforcement fees, as well as to organize various promotions to determine guidelines for monitoring and supervising operators. ONLINE BUSINESSES AND MERCHANTS WHO ARE PARTNERS OF THE PLATFORM TO ENSURE FAIRNESS".SPONSORED
HomePro looks to buy home furnishings and electrical appliances. Revenue growth is expected to meet the target.|HomePro is confident in buying home furnishings and electrical appliances. Expect revenue growth as targeted with homepro expo to boost summer sales on March 18, 2023. The Managing Director of Home Products Center Public Company Limited (HMPRO) said: "We see the overall three-month period of this year as a big one. In particular, the 2023 shopping measures have significantly boosted spending, which has led to an increase in sales in Bangkok and homepro's vicinity. If it is a tourist city and a major city that receives benefits from the tourism sector, such as the North and the South. It's a noticeable positive sign. "We expect sales in 1Q23 to grow by about 5%, with best-selling products including electrical appliances, basic home equipment such as tiles, home furnishings, etc., which, if elected soon, we believe that there will definitely be more purchasing power."  Mr. Weeraphan said that we are now organizing HomePro Expo at IMPACT Muang Thong Thani Hall 9-10 from March 18 - 26, 2023, which is a home goods and electrical appliance fair held continuously every year to return profit and value to customers. Interested parties can ask HomePro experts for information on installation immediately.
Wade fire, stop announcing must-haves. Pointing to the fact that royalties skyrocket - distort the market.|The Subcommittee on Television Affairs resolved to make NBTC cancels all Must Have announcements Leave it to market forces. The latter caused Thailand to be priced higher to buy licenses. And it becomes a burden on the state to pay for the copyright. Private reasons are not interested in bidding. The copyright seller will require bidders to broadcast on TV for free anyway, the reporter reported on March 16, 2023. Subcommittee on Television Licensing Miss PIRONGRONG RAMSUT The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) on television, chaired by the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC), has decided to cancel the announcement on the rules for major television programs that can only be distributed on general television services B.E. 2555 (2012), also known as the Must Have Announcement. Therefore, it is better to leave it to market forces. However, after the subcommittee meeting, such conclusions were reached. The NBTC board must present the principles and hold a public hearing before moving forward, which will be completed in time for the 2023 SEA Games in early May. NBTC's Must Have Announcement It is intended to provide the public with quality television services fairly and for the purpose of promoting and protecting the rights of disadvantaged people to access or recognize and utilize television programs equally with the general public. Final round 2.SEA Games 3.Asian Games 4.ASEAN Para Games 5.Asian Para Games 6.Olympic Games 7.Paralympic Games. REGARDLESS OF WHO BIDS FOR THE RIGHTS TO BROADCAST THESE 7 SPORTING EVENTS, IT IS NECESSARY TO BROADCAST THEM ON FREE-TO-AIR TELEVISION SO THAT ALL CITIZENS HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO WATCH THEM THOROUGHLY. Defining such a "must-have" rule As a result, Thailand has been priced to buy licenses more expensive, and once purchased, it must be distributed to all channels to be broadcast thoroughly. As a result, this model is not worth the investment, as tv advertising sales are not as booming as before, due to the increasing competition of TV channels after digital TV auctions and competition with TV services on other online platforms. Many times, it is the burden of the government to allocate money to buy the rights. For example, at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, the NBTC had to ask the NBTC board to approve funding for the Sports Authority of Thailand (NBTC). To purchase the rights to broadcast the World Cup 2022 within the limit of 600 million baht, since no private sector is interested in buying it. Mr. Trairat Viriyasirikul Acting Instead NBTC Secretary-General It has clarified that the live broadcast of the SEA Games 2023 is in the Must Have announcement, which Thais must watch. However, the competition in which the Thai national team participated understood that the NBTC could use the existing funds to support the purchase of the rights without having to ask for money from the NBTC. It is considered that if thoroughly studied and listened to all opinions, the NBTC board is ready to consider such matters.
The price of the product is expensive as erysipelas. Oil cuts cost of living in Thailand continues to rise|According to a report from the Ministry of Commerce, a track of household expenditure conducted by the Office of Trade Policy and Strategy found that in February 2023, household expenditure decreased compared to February 2023. However, it remained at a high level of 18,168 baht from January 2023 at 18,190 baht. Feb 22 The cost is much lower, only 17,503 baht. In November 2016, Prices for goods and services, including the general consumer price index (inflation), are much lower than in both months, as energy prices tend to fall for reasons why household expenses remain high. Energy prices, although declining, are still considered high, causing public fares to rise, including taxis, boats, small buses/ double rows. Airplanes, LPG costs, electricity bills, and food prices remain high. From traders rising by citing raw material costs. In addition, there are fruits and vegetables, especially lemons, cucumbers, tangerines, rice, eggs and dairy products, meat, fresh chicken, pork. Mackerel, cooking utensils, soy sauce, curry paste Oyster sauce, non-alcoholic beverages such as hot and cold coffee/tea, instant coffee powder Soft drinks, building materials including wood products, cement products, concrete products, steel and products, personal expenses such as toothpaste, toilet paper, men's hairdressing, beer, spirits, wine, etc.
Talk to the design team to solve the pain point, the spray hose, which is too strong to get a gentle touch.|Antuan Besair des Ors, leader (VP) at Lixil Global Design Asia, told Thairath Online news team that nowadays we can see that residential design, whether it is a house or condominium, takes into account space and the use of everyone in the house. The design of the functional space, regardless of the corner of the house, must take into account the users within the family from the elderly to children, especially the bathroom, which must take into account the design that is suitable for all applications and the age range of the user. In addition to focusing on environmental sustainability. We have emphasized that everyone in the house, especially the younger generation, can use space to the fullest. Focus on ease of use and cleaning. We will find that the bathroom can be used for anything other than purifying the body. HOWEVER, WE WILL SEE THAT THEY USE THE BATHROOM SPACE TO DO OTHER LAUNDRY AS WELL, SUCH AS WASHING, ETC. Our new collection is more complete, whether it's sinks. American Standard has focused on solutions in every area, wanting the home they love to meet every application. To give homeowners the choice to decorate their own homes. Under limited space, "the brand's ability to make a variety of prices is limited. Because we think that when we were teenagers, we probably didn't have enough experience. We have to find a balance between the product and the price and usability. Have more purchasing power Buying is not just about the price, but rather about buying to meet your own needs or emotion." Tell us more about the brand's key objectives. Is to give a better life. American Standard's DuoStix butt hose takes up to 2 years to develop a nozzle that is characterized by cleansing and cleaning. The first time we saw it, I was surprised how it was used. The first time I saw it, I was confused for a long time about how to handle it, how to inject it, but after injecting it, I found that the water was very strong"Our design team searched for pain points to solve the problem of the spray hose, and found that the first thing that is important is that the water is too strong. Wash the toilet bowl. Therefore, this new design must meet every need. Sponsored for DuoStix spray hoses is designed to perform 2 functions in 1, with soft, gentle water mode and high pressure water mode suitable for toilet flushing. Meanwhile, We also designed interchangeable nozzles suitable for front and rear washing. "We see that in the future, every design must be coupled with technology and must take into account the use of a variety of people, which is why the brand is driving the brand to develop products to fit the times and meet all applications more easily"Author: Kamolthip Hiranprasertsuk kamonthip.h@thairathonline.co.th 
CRG Brand Molding New "Restaurant" to expand to 150 locations|Central Restaurant Group ready to create brand New "Restaurant" to strengthen its portfolio, preparing to expand to 150 branches in 2023, confident of double-digit revenue growth from 12,800 million on March 20, 2023. The President of Central Restaurant Group Co., Ltd. (CRG) said, "In 2022, we had total sales of approximately 12.8 billion baht, which is growing in line with our target for the restaurant business outlook for 2023. Consumers are increasingly shopping, chilling, tasting, or eating out. Tourism recovers, boosts consumption economy Although the trend of dine-in consumption has resumed, delivery services have continued to grow. Online food ordering can also expand, but the rate is only temporarily slowed down. Therefore, the Company places importance on continuous marketing. The challenge for the restaurant business in 2023 is to cope with rising raw material costs. Labor shortage due to market recovery For the next chapter of growth, we expect double-digit sales growth from 2022 to 12,800 million baht. With 5 strategies to drive growth to meet the targets, including: 1. Accelerate growth potential by expanding new restaurants, especially the hero brands in the chain, such as KFC No.1 Fried Chicken along with Arigato beverages. Anti-An's Shop Som Tum Nua In addition, the company aims to expand the potential of existing stores with more than 1,500 branches nationwide through strategies such as issuing new menus in accordance with consumer needs and market trends. Attract target customers, including increasing consumption opportunities by developing ready-to-eat products, ready-to-eat products such as sauces, supporting takeout, etc."The growth strategy will come from 2 parts: continue to invest in opening stores or expand new branches, and expanding sales in existing stores or same-store sales." Build New Growth Pilla in 2 dimensions, i.e. looking for new brands to complement the portfolio, which according to the company's plan aims to add 1-2 brands per year and expand opportunities to new markets in Vietnam. Supporting a population of nearly 100 million people, the new generation and expanding purchasing power, in 2022, the company strengthened its restaurant portfolio by adding 3 new brands. Arashi, the top 3 brand in the ramen network from Japan, has joined the brand Shinkansen, sushi, and the grill business under the brand Shinkansen. The company planned to add 1-2 new brands of restaurants, but in 2022, it exceeded its target because there were 3 new brands to supplement its portfolio. After the COVID-19 pandemic, the plan must be delayed by 2 factors that will be the new growth strategy for the company." Growth Together with Partnership for 2023 will accelerate the expansion of restaurant branches throughout the brand. Shinkansen sushi, salad factory and som tum noia in central robinson group's retail locations, as well as the opening of stand alone stores"Last year, the company created a CRG ecosystem, which is like arming our partners to connect or plug & play to drive restaurant growth, such as helping to find new expansion areas. Marketing Finding employees Whatever partners want, we have an ecosystem that will make work easier." Increase productivity or productivity growth of all-round work with the 3C strategy: Cost, manage costs and expenses to be the most efficient. Focus on maximizing investment and cash flow, cash flow management, and investment to be more agile. CRG is also increasingly adopting technology to manage restaurants. Currently, pilots are started in some fields, such as QR Ordering, robotics in stores, business intelligence to better understand and respond to target groups, as well as planning for the development of food serving systems through belt systems, etc.5. Driving sustainable growth is one of CRG's key missions. With a focus on business operations coupled with sustainable development, there are 20 brands of restaurants under CRG's supervision. 1. Mister Donut, 2. KFC, 3. Auntie Anne's, 4. Pepper Lunch 5. Chabuton Ramen,6. Cold Stone Creamery 7. Thai Terrace (Thai Terrace)8. Yoshinoya (Yoshinoya)9. Ootoya 10. (Tenya)11. (Katsuya)12. (Aroi Dee)13. Kowlune14. (Salad Factory)15. Brown 16. (Arigato)17. Somtam Nua18. Shinkanzen Sushi19. Ramen Kagetsu Arashi 20.
Year of harvest, SKE pushes revenue to billions in 2023 with new vision to grow with FinTech and GreenTech|Mr. Chakrapongs Sumetchotimetha The President of Sakol Energy Public Company Limited (SKE) revealed that SKE Group's 2022 financial results totaled 497.42 million baht. However, the proportion of SKE Group's revenue has changed quite a lot from the past. In 2022, the proportion of revenue from other businesses that SKE Group has invested in the past and has realized revenue according to the business plan, such as Mae Krathing biomass power plant, which currently accounts for the largest revenue at 57%, and also has a proportion of revenue from other businesses, either in the waste management business or non-hazardous materials. In 2022, the year of investment and transformation of SKE Group, SKE Group acquired Vanta. Capital Co., Ltd., a company engaged in financial technology business, sees it as a global megatrend, including additional investment in N15. "N15 Technology" Co., Ltd. to expand waste management business and produce waste fuel RDF in Saraburi province with an investment value of more than 400 million baht. Construction began. The system was installed in March 2022 and is now being tested in February and has begun to expand its investment in the upstream business by collaborating with potential landfill management partners to lease machinery for sorting and producing RDF waste fuel, which is considered waste management from the source. THE INVESTMENT IN RDF WASTE FUEL PLANT IN CHONBURI PROVINCE AND THE RENTAL OF MACHINERY FOR WASTE MANAGEMENT ARE IN LINE WITH THE INVESTMENT POLICY OF SKE GROUP, WHICH IS COMMITTED TO JOINING FORCES IN THE CLEAN ENERGY BUSINESS TO REDUCE ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS CAUSED BY IMPROPER WASTE MANAGEMENT AND HELP SOLVE THE PROBLEM OF GLOBAL WARMING AND GREENHOUSE EFFECT. Under a new vision This year, according to the business plan, SKE Group will start recognizing revenue from the RDF waste fuel plant in Saraburi province, which has a production capacity of more than 300,000 tons of RDF waste fuel per year. This is a 3-year contract with a volume of over 135,000 tons of fuel delivered per year. However, this year, SKE Group has a policy to invest in clean energy business. The company will focus on N15 Technology's investment in expanding its business from upstream to downstream waste management businesses that are relevant in the supply chain, with an investment budget of approximately 100 million baht.
Bitcoin rebounds strongly It peaked at $28,478 amid the ongoing crisis of the Bank of America and Europe.|Bitcoin price movement last night (March 19) surged, peaking at $28,478. Overall, this week, Bitcoin has already risen more than 37%, including a $194 billion increase in market capitalization in 2023, up more than 66% compared to bank stocks on Wall Street. For the first time in a year, Bitcoin outperformed American stocks, rising about 65%, the S&P 500 gained 2.5%, and the Nasdaq fell 15% this year. The value of U.S. banks has fallen amid ongoing concerns since the closure of Silvergate Bank, followed by the closure, and the FDIC took over the assets of Silicon Valley and Signature Bank. UBS acquired Credit Suisse bank by closing the deal at US$3.3 billion, according to Tradingview , Cointelegraph 1 ,
In 2023, Thai electronics exports will contract by 4.5%. |In 2023, the value of Thai electronic exports is expected to shrink to $43 billion or about 1.4 trillion baht. That's down 4.5% from about 5% growth last year. This is mainly due to the aftermath of the post-COVID-19 global electronics downturn. This is especially true in the computer and HDD sectors, which are Thailand's main market, which accounted for 46% of Thailand's electronic exports last year.  Kasikorn Research Center The downward demand for electronics and computers, which had previously surged, became the main drag on Thai exports in the group. It fell 4.6% and 36.2%, respectively. MEANWHILE, PCB EXPORTS ARE ALSO EXPECTED TO CONTRACT IN LINE WITH THE DOWNWARD CYCLE OF COMPUTER AND HDD PRODUCTS, WITH A CONTRACTION OF 12.8%. As evidenced by the policy of reducing dependence on China due to geopolitical issues, which has led to the diversification of supply chain investment, as seen by many global electronics manufacturers increasingly adjusting their orders for electronic products to ASEAN countries, including Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Thailand. Especially Vietnamese entrepreneurs who have the advantage of labor costs in assembling parts. Malaysian operators specialize in complex and high-tech assembly, as well as compete with Japanese and South Korean PCB manufacturers who specialize in high-end PCB manufacturing, especially in the automotive and smart appliance markets. The data also suggests that some electronic segments like Electric vehicle (EV) flows and smart technologies grow. Against the backdrop of a declining computer market share The proportion of electronic demand in the automotive and consumer segments in the global market is likely to increase by 13.7% and 12.6%, respectively, in 2025, from 10.2% and 11.5% in 2022. 'Car market' and 'Consumer electronics market' that includes electrical appliances and gadgets
Gold Price Gold Price Today 20 Mar 2023 The market has been adjusted 2 times.|Gold Price Today Last Monday Morning 20th In March 2023, the market was adjusted twice, the latest price of "gold bullion" sold out at 31,750 baht. The price of "gold jewelry" sells out 32,250 baht per baht. On March 20, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that since the market opened on Monday morning, the price of Thai gold today has been adjusted twice, most recently at 10.04 a.m., resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,650 baht per baht, selling out 31,750 baht, and "gold jewelry" buying 31,078 baht per baht, selling out 32,750 baht. 250 baht gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang gold bullion 2 shillings buy 15,825 baht sell out 15,875 baht gold jewelry 2 shillings buy 15,539 baht sell out 16,125 baht gold price today 1 shilling gold bullion buy 7,912.5 baht sell out 7,937.5 baht gold jewelry 1 shilling buy 7,769.5 baht sell out 8,062.5 baht sponsored gold price today 1/2 slueng gold bullion 1/2 slueng buy 3,956.25 baht sell out 3,968.75 baht gold jewelry 1/2 slueng buy 3,884.75 baht sell out 4,031.25 baht Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Gold price today made New High up and down 9 times, "Gold Jewelry" sold 32,600 baht.|Today's gold price has been rising non-stop, fluctuating 9 times, resulting in the price of "gold bullion" selling out at 32,100 baht per baht. The price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 32,600 baht per baht, which is the new high price of this year, equal to the same period of 2022. It was reported that the gold price movement opened this morning (March 20, 2023) at 09.37 a.m., reducing by 50 baht, resulting in the price of "gold bullion" buying 31,600 baht, the price of "gold bullion" selling out 31,700 baht, the price of "gold jewelry" buying 31,032.52 baht, the price of "gold jewelry" selling out 32,200 baht. "Gold Price" On Saturday, March 18, 2023, it was found that the price of "gold bullion" sold out at 31,750 baht, while the price of "gold jewelry" sold out at 32,250 baht.
The sell-off of bank stocks pushed the index down hard. Dreaded Credit Suisse issues hit the basics.|The SET index closed at 1,555.45 points, down 8.22 points, or 0.53%, from yesterday, while the index fell as low as 1,543.47 points, or 20.20 points, amid investor concerns in the bond market. This puts pressure on financial institutions. Analysts recommend follow-up to the Federal Reserve (Fed) meeting. It is expected to create stability with the recommendation of "Domestic Play" stocks during volatile market periods. Director of Securities Analysis, Yuanta Securities (Thailand) Said today that the Thai stock market fell. From concerns about problems with foreign financial institutions After UBS acquired Credit Suisse, the debentures were recognized as write-off and non-repaid, causing volatility in the bond market. This affects the stocks of financial institutions in Thailand, which are under pressure from such factors. However, it is viewed as a short-term rebalancing after the merger. Investors will also have to keep an eye on the outcome of the upcoming Fed meeting on Wednesday, March 22. The Chairman of the Federal Reserve will be able to stabilize the situation. For investment strategies during this period, it is seen that stocks that benefit from domestic consumption can perform better than the market, especially retail, food and beverage, and power plants, where fundamentals are not affected by external factors. In addition, we see the trend of recovery of domestic tourism. It was also supported by the announcement of the dissolution of parliament and the upcoming elections in Thailand. It is recommended to invest in the shares of Berli Yugger Plc (BJC), CP All CPALL, Osotspa Plc (OSP), Global Power Synergy Plc (GPSC), Gulf Energy Development Plc (GULF) and Advanced Info Services Plc (ADVANC).
Thai stocks today, March 20, 2023, ended the afternoon trading down 8.22 points, the index was at 1,555 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 10.35. The index is at 1,555.45. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 20, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index fell by 8.22 million baht. Change -0.53% The index is at 1,555.45. The index peaked at 1,569.76. The index is at a low of 1,543.47. The turnover was 62,838.25 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 4. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
Talk to Bangkok Capital Asset Management Growing on a different path, a boutique that meets investment needs. |The mutual fund industry is facing a crucial transition period. From the exhaustion of tax support measures to those who invest in mutual funds. At the same time, foreign major players can enter direct marketing, causing players in the market now to have to adapt. Bangkok Capital Asset Management Company (ASSET MANAGEMENT) selected to be in the boutique market Focus on investment options rather than on AUM value. prasert sinthana managing director Bangkok Capital Asset Management Company (BCAP) revealed that BCAP's business operations will be different from other asset management companies. As a result, BCAP continues to grow amid an industry that is in the process of adapting foreign players to Thailand. "Overall, the mutual fund management company industry is in a critical transition period, we no longer have the walls of the industry, foreign players can compete directly with Thai asset management companies, so we are in a position to choose and have to adapt." Foreign asset management companies are entering direct marketing. This causes entrepreneurs to adapt. Some have chosen to sell their business or partner with foreign asset management companies to strengthen sponsored companies, managing their portfolios more easily than for BCAP. The business strategy of Alternative Investment Asset Management helps us to differentiate ourselves from other asset management companies by focusing on boutique financial management, including providing services through private markets such as private funds, private equity funds or private equity to meet the needs of customers. In all types of funds, unlike investments of other companies that invest through feeder funds. This advantage comes from us having the infrastructure to place orders directly. We have a team of experts in the field of foreign investment, including asset management team, foreign fund manager with experience in global asset management. This allows the company to buy ETFs overseas. No need to invest in feeder funds that will generate higher costs. In time, the port is set out. This year, the company will continue to market through a variety of alternative investments such as hedge fund, private real estate, complete the portfolio model. In pursuit of investment opportunities, BCAP Asset Management This type of fund has been issued for some time. In collaboration with fund managers with expertise such as Pictet and Vista Equity Partners, which have received good feedback from investors, these types of funds may have to hold for up to 5 years, some funds hold for 6 years. However, despite many challenges in the industry, there are still positive angles to be seen. There are 2 types, some people do not believe in funds and go to invest by themselves by investing through cryptocurrencies, and the other group invests through professionals. From the old days, the fund was about old people. Nowadays, schoolchildren or new jobs start buying funds to save taxes as the younger generation understands investing more. The asset management company has to adapt, especially investment advisers from the past, who buy funds according to the advice of the seller, but do not recommend more. Therefore, we must try to change the mindset of the seller into a base solution, adjusting the portfolio to the customer according to the situation, giving advice to the customer, which has already been sold. There is no advice, the situation has changed, there is damage to customers, investment behavior in the current era. Shifting from access to technology This has led to more frequent trading of mutual funds. From the old days when banks were needed to trade, but now the current system is more active. FUNDS CAN BE TRADED IMMEDIATELY.SPONSORED
UBS closes deal to buy Billions of Credit Suisse There is a brokerage to help guarantee. Regain confidence in the financial markets|Switzerland's Credit Suisse, a nearly 200-year-old bank, suffered liquidity problems, causing investors to lose confidence and sell stocks to record lows. And it is likely to go bankrupt until it has to seek help from the Swiss government by borrowing more than 54 billion U.S. dollars or about 1.8 trillion baht. On Sunday, UBS, the largest bank in Switzerland, announced that it had opened its doors. Credit Suisse has reached an agreement for U.S. $3.3 billion ($100 billion). After Credit Suisse rejected the first offer of US$1 billion (US$3.1 billion) The acquisition was directly pressured by the Central Bank of Switzerland, which did not want Credit Suisse to file for bankruptcy, to limit the potential impact on other banks, with the Swiss government acting as a broker and guarantor, with a limit of U.S. $9.7 billion to prevent potential risks to UBS from taking possession of Credit Suisse's assets. The combined business will make the bank a leading asset manager in Europe with assets invested in more than US$1.5 trillion and is expected to reduce annual costs by more than US$8 billion by 2027.
The Bot closely monitors the U.S. and European banking crisis, stressing that Thai banks are strong in their ability to cope. |Ms. Suwannee Jesadasak Assistant Governor Financial Institutions Regulatory Division Bank of Thailand (BOT) The U.S. Regional Bank said it had to close its business. In addition, there was a case of Credit Suisse Bank (CS) having problems for different reasons, with CS having accumulated problems earlier and having high losses continuously. Liquidity assistance is required. The government has arranged for UBS to acquire CS's shares to consolidate and stop the incident from escalating. The Bot closely monitored the situation and assessed that the impact of the above events on the Thai financial system was limited. Transactions in the banking sector and various types of funds are low. Meanwhile, Governance of the Bank Thailand complies with strict international standards by enforcing capital and liquidity criteria with all banks. Meanwhile, some countries, such as the U.S., will focus on strict oversight with the BOT. Large sizes are primarily important. While for the The enforcement of certain criteria, such as liquidity criteria, will not be as stringent. At present, the system overview Thailand's stable data at the end of 2022 In addition, liquid assets to support liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) remained high at 197.3% and NPL ratio was low at 2.73%, while NPL coverage ratio reached 171.9%, which is better than during the 2008 financial crisis. Businesses and SMEs for global financial markets Investors' concerns are still visible. This is reflected by the highly volatile banking group's share price and the rising hedging price of the banking sector. The Thai financial market is affected by the above global market factors. Due to the low linkage to the banking group that is experiencing problems, the BOT will continue to closely monitor the situation.
Singha Estate launches S EXCELS strategy to reach 17 billion baht in 2023 revenue|Singha Estate launches S EXCELS strategy to reach 17 billion baht in revenue Generate all-time high profits and launch at least 5 new low-rise residential projects worth more than 10 billion baht. rungkwansiriroj Chief Executive Officer of Singha Estate Public Company Limited (S) said that in 2022, the company generated revenue of 12.5 billion baht, or about 62% growth from the previous year. The number of bookings and ownership transfers in 2022 of the Siranins Residences project reached 77% and 30%, respectively. The hotel business under SHR's management surpassed the target of 8,700 million baht. Become the 2nd highest-paid hotelier in Thailand The strength of the strategy, coupled with the support from the opening of the country, resulted in an increase of more than 28% from the previous year. The office building segment showed significant signs of recovery. Higher occupancy rates While the industrial estate business earned more than 77 rai of land ownership transfer in the previous year, sponsored in 2023 is a very important year for Singha Estate. The first dimension is excellent performance, pushing profit target to all-time high in all business portfolios, which this year will be able to grow the company's total revenue by up to 34% or reach 16,700 million baht, the second dimension is to increase the business handicap, strengthen competitiveness, focus on synergy that supports 4 businesses and cooperation with leading partners to generate an average annual growth of 20% over 3 years. In 2023, Singha Estate is preparing to build on its success with the launch of a new low-rise housing project. Meet the modern lifestyle in a potential location. Expanded its market penetration base in various segments. Single house price range 15-30 million baht and price range 30-50 million baht. Cluster Home priced at 100 million baht or more with flagship cluster home project, which has a starting price of up to 550 million baht per house with a total value of 5 projects of more than 10,000 million baht. In response to the renewed demand in the condominium market, especially the ready-to-move-in segment, Singha Estate has expanded its stake in The ESSE Sukhumvit 36, resulting in 100% revenue and profit from the project, with the company expecting this year's residential projects to grow revenue by more than 70%. At Ladprao intersection, a new potential business center The hotel business under the management of S Hotels & Resorts (SHR) will be another prominent business this year, with the four hotels in Thailand set to be the key drivers. In 2023, the company expects revenue to grow by 60% year-on-year, while revenue from hotels in Maldives will grow by 30%, boosting total revenue to 10 billion baht or more than 20%. The company expects to generate profit for the company. In the long run, on the other hand, industrial estates and infrastructure sectors. The trend continues to grow. In 2023, the Company aims to transfer ownership of land in industrial estates. S Angthong doubled, driven by both macro factors. BOI expects the level of foreign investment to stabilize at around 5-600 billion baht in cooperation with the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand (IEAT) and the strengths of S Angthong Industrial Estate, which caters to a wide range of businesses, especially those that want to use a lot of energy and water, and businesses that want to use clean energy in production as a condition to expand into the international market. It has a large freshwater source, low carbon electricity source, and 3 power plants under the cooperation with PLC. B.Grimm Power or BGRIM will have a maximum power generation capacity of 400 megawatts by the end of this year. In addition, the commercial operation of the power plant will drive profit share to grow continuously in the long run.
Dissecting the future of DELTA, the big brother of the Thai stock market, going further or is this enough?|The investment period has reached a record high of 1,000 baht per share in the third month of 2023. On March 2, investors were buzzing amid cheers of "sell" from almost all analysts. Even the Stock Exchange of Thailand has issued a warning to investors to carefully consider fundamental factors before making a trading decision, as there may be risks if the price fluctuates. Thairath Money has a production base in various regions around the world, including Asia, Europe and South America, according to Thairath Money, which showed that the past 3 years of performance are quite attractive and can continue to be profitable, with total revenue of 63,826.88 million baht in 2020. Net profit 7,101.64 million baht In fiscal 2021, total revenue increased to 84,814.62 million baht. Net profit was 6,699.01 million baht and in 2022, revenue reached 119,501.16 million baht. DELTA's share price on March 20, 2023 stood at 980 baht, up from the january 3, 2023 close at the beginning of the year at 930.00 baht per share, or an increase of 5.37%. Despite trading on a P/E of up to 75.93 times, SPONSORED analysts at Pie Securities Public Company Limited. DELTA reported 4Q22 normal profit of 4.5 billion baht. With growth of 134% year-on-year and 16% QoQ growth driven by continued demand for electric vehicles (EVs) and data centers, the full-year 2022 profit is in line with our projections even though the end of 2022 is impressive. However, the stock is currently too expensive because it trades at a P/E of 82.9 times the analysis. In particular, sales of EV cars and Hi end data centers still have a backlog waiting to be produced and orders are increasing. As for the lack of semiconductors, it should still be enough to find raw materials, thus accelerating production and delivery to customers. The EV car industry is still growing for many years, and DELTA has a new factory to start production by the middle of this year, which will meet the demand of EV cars and forecast net profit growth in 2023. Although the baht has strengthened this year, it is expected that the economy of scale increase of EV car group should cause the gross margin in 2023-2024 to remain at a similar level to 2022 at 23.5%. It said that despite the 2023 projection, there is a chance of an upside from sales growth that may be better than expected, supported by EV groups that will double their production capacity in the second half of this year. Meanwhile, the Data Center group is expected to continue to grow but slightly slower from a high base. In terms of gross profit (GPM), there is a chance of the impact of the baht appreciation against the US dollar. As a result, the company initially maintained its 2023 normal profit estimate of 16 billion baht, but maintained a "sell" recommendation based on a reasonable price at the end of 2023 of 610.00 baht per share, based on a P/E of 47 times or +0.25SD of the five-year average. Major risks include the exchange rate between the Baht and the US Dollar, commodity prices, and severe recession.
Thailand stands one year with 66 business sectors with the highest cloud investment in Asia Led by the gaming, media, telecommunications industries.|Latest Poll Results In 2023, most Asian businesses plan to invest more in cloud. Led by Thailand (95%), Indonesia (94%), Philippines (91%), Hong Kong (83%) and Singapore (83%), the industries with the largest increase in cloud investment are the gaming industry, followed by the media industry. Telecommunications, Internet Technology and Financial Services In addition, over 84% of businesses are preparing to fully move their entire operations to the cloud within these two years, the COVID pandemic over the past two years has made a big change in the global business and work world. The data suggests that many companies are moving their key business operations to online and are increasingly focusing on the use of technology, including data analyst-AI (53%), cloud computing (52%), and automation (46%). It reflects the importance of improving cloud infrastructure, which plays an important role in supporting business growth in the digital age to effectively support cutting-edge innovations such as high-volume data analytics and Generative AI. 84% of businesses plan to move their entire operations to the full cloud by 2024, while 36% expect to move to the full cloud in the next 6 months. The survey was conducted between late September and early October 2022 by Alibaba Cloud and Alibaba's core intelligence agencies. Group 
Global Megatrends Electric Vehicles Sales growth continues It is expected to surpass 40 million units by 2030.|Current global trends reflect that all roads are now heading towards electric vehicles. It is evident from car brands from almost every camp, whether new faces stepping into the industry or old players, that inevitably adapting to enter this market. At the Motor Show 2023 this year, it's interesting to see which companies are releasing new releases and how much electric vehicle bookings will grow. The International Energy Agency (IEA) reported that last year a total of 10.5 million BEV and PHEV vehicles were delivered, an increase of 55% compared to the previous year. The figures are projected in accordance with the conditions of implementation of the sustainable energy target plan. Sponsored by the government's ongoing policy support is one of the key factors contributing to the significant strong growth in electric vehicle sales in many markets. China and the United States are expected to sell 12.0 million units and 8.1 million units respectively, respectively. 3.7 million units and Japan 2.8 million units
BOI greenlights investment of 56 billion baht Energy of the country|Mr. Narit Thodsathirasak Secretary-General of the Board of Investment (BOI) The Board of Investment (BOI) approved the investment promotion of large-scale projects totaling 56,615 million baht. To strengthen the country's energy infrastructure, such as liquefied natural gas loading terminal projects. and the Cogeneration Power Plant Project, a joint venture between Thailand and Singapore. Value 5,005 Million Baht As well as approving the promotion of data business. 2 large centers worth 10,371 million baht One of them is a joint venture between the UK and Singapore, a data venture. "BoI projects will strengthen the country's infrastructure, both energy and digital, as well as supporting the industrial sector, which is an important factor in attracting investment, including the relocation of production bases to Thailand to become the main business base in the region, helping to strengthen Thailand's digital hub capabilities after Amazon Web Services (AWS) announced a total investment of 190 billion baht in cloud infrastructure in Thailand. in 15 years." Thailand is attracting multinational companies with high-value-added businesses to set up regional offices in Thailand. BOI therefore joins with partners. Launched HQ Biz Portal, a convenient information center for those interested in establishing regional offices in Thailand to strengthen the country's prominence as a regional business center.
Gold price new high around the year, gold bullion sold out at 31,700 baht.|Reporters reported that gold prices have continued to rise. Domestic trading after the morning session of March 20, 2023. The Gold Trade Association reported that 96.5% of gold bullion prices were sold at 31,700 baht, down 50 baht, but after starting to move past 32,000 baht, there were 14 price changes, the highest price at 32,150 baht until closing at 32,000 baht, an increase of 250 baht. This was mainly due to the volatility of bank closures in the U.S. and Switzerland, although there was already an acceleration in confidence recovery as the Thai stock market on March 20, 2023. Thai stock indices plunged sharply in the afternoon session. The index fell as low as 1,544.16 points, down more than 19 points, or 1.25%, on international stock markets, particularly regional stock markets, on investor concerns over the situation of U.S. and European banks. Worried that the problem will spread to Asian banks, the bank's share price fell, led by HSBCHolding shares on the Hong Kong stock market. Hang Seng Index Press The Hong Kong stock market closed negative 2.65% on concerns over the impact on the banking sector. In the case of Credit Suisse, investors holding subordinated instruments or additional tier1 subordinated debentures (AT1) of more than USD 17 billion will not receive payments after UBS acquired Credit Suisse for $3.23 billion. As a result, investors scramble to sell stocks to reduce short-term risk. However, the THAI stock index bought back to help support the index to finish at 1,555.45 points, down 8.22 points. With a turnover of 62,838.17 million baht, Ms. Suwannee Jesadasak Assistant Governor Financial Institutions Regulatory Division The Bank of Thailand (BOT) said it is closely monitoring the situation of financial institutions in the U.S. and Europe and assessing the impact on the Thai financial system. Meanwhile, At the end of 2022, 19.4% of capital adequacy was above the minimum threshold of 8.5%, liquid assets to support cash outflows in times of crisis reached 197.3%, non-performing debt was only 2.73%, and reserves per non-performing debt reached 171.9%.
"TV" supports the cessation of "must-have" 3 channels to reiterate the mistake since the first button was attached.|The tv giant chorative supports the abolition of must-have rules. Channel 3 reiterates its mistake since the way most viewers watch via satellite. If it's an old box, it's a black screen anyway because it doesn't have the technology to prevent abuse. Wrong buttons are attached from the first one, should comply with copyright law. Thairath TV points to the best market forces, but viewers have to make up their minds. If the next one is to pay, the reporter reported that from the case of the subcommittee considering the permission of the television business. Miss PIRONGRONG RAMSUT The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) on television, chaired by the Chairman, has resolved to cancel the announcement on the rules for important television programs that can only be broadcast on general television services B.E. 2555, also known as the Must Have announcement in its entirety, commenting that the cancellation of must-have announcements may help prevent distortion of market forces and may reduce royalties. Managing Director Television Business Line BEC World Co., Ltd., the owner of Thai TV Channel 3, commented that the announcement was wrong from the beginning and despite this announcement, millions of households still cannot watch it due to the issue of superior copyright law. For example, a small number of satellite TV viewers. Unable to watch the previous 2022 World Cup. Because the satellite boxes that are viewed are old-fashioned, they cannot be encrypted, so there is a risk of hacking signals leading to copyright infringement. "The thing that should be done is to let it comply with copyright law, because no one else does, forcing people who buy rights to broadcast on all channels. Finally, no private individual wants to buy it. "SPONSORED," Mr. Lone Woratangkul, Chief Operating Officer of The ONE Enterprise Public Company Limited or CHANNEL ONE, revealed that this was the wrong button from the beginning. Canceling is the right thing to do. This announcement is populist, appeasing people, which has become a distortion of market forces. Finally, it should be left to copyright law. The right to purchase is divided into media types that will already be broadcast. Chief Business Officer, Triple V Broadcast Co., Ltd., owner of Thairath TV Private advocates for free market forces, he said. Meanwhile, buying the rights to broadcast sports shows is becoming increasingly expensive. Having to follow must-have rules makes it harder to do business. However, spectators must be prepared to be aware that they may not be able to watch sports on all channels, especially major and popular sporting events. Next, there may be a cost to watch. The Must Have Notice is a notice requiring copyright holders to broadcast seven sporting events: 1. World Cup; Final round FIFA World Cup Final 2.SEA Games 3.Asian Games 4. ASEAN Para Games 5. Asian Para Games 6.Olympic Games 7.Para lympic Games It is necessary to broadcast such live broadcasts on free-to-air television for the public to have the opportunity to watch thoroughly.
Electricity consumption surpasses 30,000 megawatts this year, the highest in 3 years|Mr. Weerapat Kiatfuengfu Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Energy Thailand's peak electricity consumption this summer will reach a three-year high of 30,936 megawatts due to Thailand's full reopening of the country, the report said. However, we are confident that Thailand has enough electricity to support the growing demand because Thailand's electricity reserves are up to 30% from the normal level of 15%. After the increase in demand, as the economy began to recover. This will result in a return to normal electricity supply of 15% by 2025."
KBank reveals that K PLUS usage has surged to 1 million transactions per hour through the app.|KBank reveals 2 million K PLUS users in 2022 The transaction amount via K PLUS reached 10 trillion baht on March 21, 2023. KBank's Chief Executive Officer said that in 2022, There are more than 2 million people. Of these, more than 1 million people are new to KBank for the first time. As a result, KBank is moving forward to become a fully digital bank. Currently, 98% of KBank's transactions are done online. As a result of the growth of such online transactions. For the first time, the amount transferred via K PLUS exceeded the amount transferred through all other channels of the Bank combined. "With our technology, more people benefit from banking services. In addition, the amount of transactions through K PLUS has increased rapidly, reaching a high amount of nearly 10 trillion baht. In 2022, with such growth helped. Reinforcing KBank's leadership As Thailand's number one digital bank, Ms. Khattiya In other words, the popularity is growing. This gives us a huge responsibility to stay ahead of technology so that users can access banking products and services like never before with a highly stable system. That's because of our vision. Looking beyond the borders of Thailand Our goal is to be the leader in providing the best digital banking services in the region. The Bank also attaches importance to raising the security standard of K PLUS service by applying new technologies to prevent and detect abnormal transactions along with convenient and appropriate use for all groups of customers. KBank's online platform is helping to support small entrepreneurs. It is the only bank in Thailand that does not deduct transfer fees from intermediary banks. During 2022, we partnered with LINE to provide banking services via social media. There is a clear growth. More than 1,400,000 new subscribers have subscribed, and at the end of 2022, there were more than 18 billion baht in loans through LINE BK. "Since people in these occupations often do not have a regular income or do not have a payslip, they have difficulty getting a loan from a bank in order to help themselves during difficult times and often turn to informal loans," said LINE BK, Thailand's only provider of banking products and services. It plays an important role in making KBank's goal of integrating Challenger Bank into the organization successful, as LINE BK helps Thais who do not have access to banking services or are difficult to access. Even those who do not have a bank account can apply for a loan via LINE BK and will know the result of the loan approval within 24 hours. It is also the first step in bringing these people into the banking system. LINE BK uses AI systems to analyze data and other modern data, such as behavioral data from relevant LINE services, which are authorized by loan applicants first, to assess the borrower's ability and intention to repay the loan in November 2018. IN JULY 2022, KASIKORNBANK ANNOUNCED A STRATEGIC PROJECT CALLED "INTEGRATION OF CHALLENGER BANK", WHICH AIMS TO EXPAND ACCESS TO LOANS AND SERVICES FOR APPROXIMATELY 30 MILLION THAIS WHO DO NOT HAVE ACCESS TO BANKING SERVICES OR ARE DIFFICULT TO ACCESS. By using modern technology to help small businesses and self-employed people who do not have collateral or do not have a fixed income when they apply for a loan, they will have the opportunity to be evaluated their capabilities and assess their intention to repay loans more comprehensively. Challenger Bank also attracts today's customers. By eliminating processes that lack agility, provide faster service. KBank's key strategy is to integrate the DNA of challenger bank into the core of KBank. It has already succeeded as a bank in the modern era that has been recognized and trusted for its ability to meet the needs of all groups of customers. KBank has allocated 22,000 million baht to invest in technology during 2022-2024."
Gold Price Gold Price Today 21 Mar 2023 Open Tuesday Morning Discount 100 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Tuesday morning, 21 Mar 23, 2023 100 baht discount for "gold bullion" selling out 31,900 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,400 baht per baht. Baht on 21 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.28 a.m., a 100 baht discount resulted in "gold bullion" being purchased at 31,800 baht per baht. Baht 31,900 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,229.60 baht per baht. Baht 32,400 per baht Gold Price Today 2 Shillings 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 15,900 Baht Sell Out 15,950 Baht Gold Jewelry 2 Shillings Buy 15,614.8 Baht Sell Out 16,200 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Slung Gold Bullion 1 Slung Buy 7,950 Baht Sell Out 7,975 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,807.4 Baht Sell Out 8,100 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,975 Baht Sell Out 3,987.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,903.7 Baht Sell Out 4,050 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Trigger fund returns to the asset management company Thai stocks corrected, confident SET to run more than 1,700 points|Trigger fund returns to the asset management company Thai stocks corrected, confident that 2023 saw SET run over 1,700 Tight spots, get to travel. Re-election backs Mrs. Nandmanus Piamthipmanus Chief Investment Officer SCB Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SCBAM) said that the SET Index has declined significantly in the past. Many negative factors have put pressure on investors to worry about the investment market. The company sees the Thai stock market as a strong investment market and economic growth supported by China's reopening and the new government's stimulus policies, as well as the recovery of the tourism sector that has strengthened many sectors of business, including tourism, transportation, consumer goods, etc. We see it as an opportunity and a short-term investment timing to make a profit with potential Thai stocks. Therefore, the company launched a plan to offer trigger funds. As an alternative investment option during the period of correction of Thai stock prices through SCB Trigger 3 Fund or SCBTG3, with a target of 6% trigger within 6 months, the initial public offering will be held between March 21-27, 2023, with a minimum investment of only 1,000 baht. It is found that the Thai stock market has an average of 6% chance of rising both before and after the one-month election period over the past 20 years. Deputy Managing Director TISCO Asset Management Co., Ltd. said that the Thai stock market had fallen in recent times due to concerns about the SVB bank's collapse. Because every bank has a strong financial position. Liquidity assets are maintained to support the severe liquidity situation (LCR) at a higher level than the threshold, and the loan-to-deposit ratio (LDR) is not very high because the economy is gradually recovering. Meanwhile, the capital adequacy ratio (CAR) is higher than 14%. Thailand still has a lot of positive factors ahead. The P/E ratio is approximately 14.65 times, lower than the five-year average of 18.15 times. Reviving tourism Interest rates are low, and the election is clear. "Thai stocks are likely to rise again, mainly due to the recovery in domestic consumption, mainly driven by the tourism sector, from the We Travel Together Phase 5 policy and the opening of Chinese tourists, as well as the elections in the country that are expected to announce the dissolution of parliament in March, as well as low inflation in Thailand. As a result, it is estimated that the Bank of Thailand may not raise interest rates anytime soon." TISCO Asset Management has launched TISCO Thai Equity Trigger Fund 5M#10 (TEQT5M10) Risk Level 6 (High Risk). Set a goal to terminate the project when the investment units are greater than or equal to 10.50 baht per unit within 5 months, the initial public offering is open from March 20-22, 2023 with a minimum subscription value of 1,000 baht.
Thai stocks today, March 21, 2023, ended the morning up 10.03 points, the index was at 1,565 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 10.03 points at 1,565.48 points. Turnover 24,929.99 On March 21, 2023, half a day in the morning, the index rose 10.03, a change of 0.64%. The index is at 1,565.48. The turnover was 24,929.99 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. Sansiri Public Company Limited 5. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited.
Analysts expect the dissolution of parliament, which will have a positive effect on the stock market in the short term, and open a list of stocks worth buying for the election theme.|After a decree to dissolve the House of Representatives. On March 20, 2023, it went into full election mode. As a result, the world of investment is getting busier again. In the short term, analysts expect the news of the dissolution of parliament to have a positive impact on the stock market only in the short term. Keep an eye on the policies of political parties that will affect stock prices during the election period. Asia Plus Securities assessed that after the decree to dissolve the House of Representatives. On March 20, 2023, the dissolution of the Parliament resulted in the completion of all political organizations in the mode of election preparation. Elections must be held at least 45 days but not more than 60 days after the dissolution of parliament, and if the election date is to be on Sunday, there will be only 2 days: Sunday, May 7, 2023, or Sunday, May 14, 2023. At least 95% of MPs must be certified within 60 days, and if it takes a full time, the first meeting of the House of Commons should be held in the middle of the month. Once the council is opened, it will be chosen. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, who will also serve. The President of the National Assembly goes by position. The next step will be for parliament (House of Representatives + Senate) to vote to elect the prime minister. Before the prime minister is elected and the government is formed, the process is carried out until a new government can start working. This is an issue that should be followed. The areas that will affect the direction of the Thai stock market include the policies of various political parties, especially in the economic field, whether there is a positive or negative effect on the performance of listed companies. HOW TO DEVELOP THE THAI CAPITAL MARKET, SUCH AS THE CONCEPT OF TAXATION FROM INVESTING IN THE STOCK MARKET OR THE RETURN OF LTF? Under the new two-card election rules, smaller parties are believed to have fewer chances of winning, with one party member on the party list having to get around 3.5 lakh votes. As for the big parties, the assessment of the situation does not seem easy, since in the past there have been a lot of party moves of MPs, and some of the big parties have broken into small and medium-sized parties. The situation must be monitored continuously from the time frame before a new government takes over the country, it should be in the middle of the month. With the end of fiscal year 2023 and the 2024 budgeting process having to use the framework of the 2023 budget, which may delay new investment projects for a period of time in the stock market corner. Many industries are expected to receive positive feedback from the election campaigns of each political party. Most of them are still focused on helping people's stomachs. Retail, finance, banking, media, food and other groups have been elected by certain parties and additional investment expectations. In addition, the research department screened which groups received the election trend and prices rose less than the market, including BEC, PLANB, MAJOR, STEC, CK, MTC, SAWAD, JMT, THANI, expecting a recovery and outperforming the market in a short period of time. We expect elections around early May 2023. Positive psychology per election-themed stocks such as ADVANC, INTUCH, THCOM, PR9, SC, SIRI, NWR, ITD, CPALL, MAKRO, CRC, AMATA, WHA, PLANB, DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) In terms of election-related stocks, the company considers STEC to be attractive. STEC shares rose as best as +17% ahead of the previous election. The medium-long-term contributing factor is the opportunity to bid for a new job after the election and form a new government. Net profit in 2023 is expected to grow by 47% to THB 1.2 billion. This was supported by 11% growth in revenue, higher gross margin and economy of scale with a base price of 16.60 baht based on a P/BV of 1.25 times.
President of the Gold Traders Association pointed out. Be prepared to keep an eye on the Fed tonight, possibly pushing prices up further.|Mr. Chitti Set loyalty privileges President, Gold Traders Association Gold prices remained highly volatile during this period, he said. European banks are putting pressure on gold prices, but credit Suisse has now been acquired (Take Over), causing concerns to be resolved by the prospects of gold prices in the future. It is difficult to predict because there is still a need to monitor various situations, especially the upcoming Meeting of the Federal Reserve (Fed) on how to make monetary policy, which sees that if the Fed does not raise interest rates or raises interest rates at a low acceleration, with the forecast at the level of 0.25%, it may be a positive factor that gives gold prices a chance to rise further. However, in the short term, gold prices are expected to continue to fluctuate, however, due to the Credit Suisse problem that affects the global economy, investors are increasingly turning to gold. It is observed in storefronts where people come to buy and sell, unlike every crisis that has occurred before, where the price of gold fluctuates and falls. Most investors choose to sell gold to profit from the company's analysis. GCAP Co., Ltd. Gold Exchange Bangkok Stated that the dollar value Investors continued to keep an eye on the U.S. and European banking sectors, as well as the Federal Reserve's (Fed) monetary policy meeting this week as gold moved to $2,000 an ounce amid concerns about the U.S. and European banking crisis. The dollar is weak, making gold contracts, which are priced in dollars, cheaper and attractive to investors holding other currencies. MEANWHILE, INVESTORS ARE BUYING GOLD AS A SAFE-HAVEN ASSET. Investors are also keeping an eye on the Fed's March 21-22 monetary policy meeting, while Goldman Sachs expects the Fed not to raise interest rates at its meeting due to the crisis in the banking system. Gold investment strategies have already risen quite a lot, there may be a sell-off during the day. Identify the weekly outlook on the direction of gold prices. On March 20-24, 2023, 14 experts in the gold market participated in the survey. Of these, 9, or 64%, expect gold prices to rise next week. Two investors, or 14%, expect the price of gold to fall, and three, or 22%, expect gold prices to be similar to last week. Of these, 260, or 70%, are expected to rise next week. Of the 72 cases, or 20%, expect the price of gold to decline, and 38, or 10%, expect gold prices to be similar to last week.
The Comptroller General's Department revealed the results of direct disbursement via the "Pao Tang" app, jumping 7 million baht.|The Comptroller General's Department revealed the results of the exercise of direct disbursement rights through the "Pao Tang" application for medical treatment at medical institutions with a total exercise value of 7,054,809 baht on March 21, 2023. Director General of the Comptroller General According to the Comptroller General's Department, the channel for direct disbursement of benefits related to outpatient medical treatment has been increased. Through the health bag on the "Pao Tang" application for receiving medical treatment at medical facilities from December 7, 2022, to facilitate and increase access to direct disbursement rights to eligible persons and their families by conducting a pilot project with 7 government hospitals, namely: 1. Wachira Hospital, Faculty of Medicine Wachira Hospital. Navamindradhiraj University 2. Maharat Nakhon Chiang Mai Hospital 3. National Cancer Institute 4. From the beginning of the project until February 28, 2023, a total of 4,095 direct disbursement rights were exercised, with a total exercise value of 7,054,809 baht. 427 transactions with exercise value of 669,891.50 Baht, Wachira Hospital, Faculty of Medicine Wachira Hospital Navamindradhiraj University, 140 transactions, exercise value of 236,956.50 baht, National Cancer Institute, 49 items, exercise value of 41,196.50 baht, Walailak University Medical Center Hospital, 38 items, exercise value of 57,072 baht, Saraburi Hospital 19 transactions with an exercise value of 5,118.50 baht and 9 items with an exercise value of 11,829.50 baht, respectively. To apply for permission to participate in the project with the Comptroller's Department and is in the process of developing the system with Krungthai Bank. It is expected that by the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, there will be 2 more participating hospitals and services, the Director-General of the Comptroller General added that eligible persons or family members who wish to use the direct disbursement rights through the application will be available. You can download the Pao Tang application and register to access the health bag. You can check the list of available medical facilities at the Department of Comptroller's website www.cgd.go.th topics. Medical treatment/information about medical expenses. The Comptroller General's Department also plans to further improve its approach to direct disbursement of welfare payments regarding outpatient medical treatment. By June 2023, to optimize the direct disbursement system to be able to support the use of direct disbursement rights through the application for telemedicine services in line with the changing trends of medical services. After the COVID-19 pandemic Next too.
Thanachart Insurance Flagging EV insurance leader targets 16% growth in total premiums|Thanachart Insurance Flagging the leader of EV insurance, aiming for total premium growth of 16%, aiming for total premiums at 12 billion baht, "truck insurance" will grow at a high rate on March 21, 2023. Chief Executive Officer of Thanachart Insurance Public Company Limited said that this year, we aim to grow our total premium in 2023 to 12,000 million baht or 16%. The power of risk management for customers is comprehensive and meets their needs. This year, the company will focus on expanding the electric vehicle (EV) insurance and truck protection insurance market, with the electric vehicle market invading both the red label and the renewal year, focusing on providing coverage in all cases with reasonable premiums similar to combustion cars and standard premium after-sales service of Thanachart Insurance. Especially concerns about running out of car batteries during the trip. Emergency assistance services are available, coordinating forklifts to the nearest charging point within a 20 km radius, as well as developing a full range of services. To become a leader in the electric vehicle insurance market. In addition, it has expanded its expertise to the big truck market. By developing big truck insurance products that include type 1 for big trucks aged 1-10 years, sponsored type 2+ for big trucks over 10 years old in an easy-to-understand package format. Be clear about sum assured and premiums so that customers can make easy purchase decisions. At the same time, it will increase the proportion in insurance products. Personal accident insurance for families to help manage financial risk for customers with "Trucks are a market with a lot of growth opportunities if they go back up to 1 million units in the system again. "2. The power of partnerships The power of partnerships to cover the whole country by enhancing the potential of business operations with existing partners to maintain the market base by offering additional products to the company's existing customers and also expanding the market to new customers. The power of creating superior service experiences Thanachart Insurance continuously develops its services to make it easier, faster and easier for customers. This includes strengthening the network of garages and service centers with standards covering more than 1,600 provinces nationwide, as well as driving the organization to become a digital insurance by using technology to help improve efficiency and create an impressive customer experience continuously, such as providing services through Line Service Thanachart Insurance, where customers can report accidents to renew policies easily. In 2023, the company will expand its Meet and Care service to 14 additional Thanachart Insurance branches and also launched the Photo Claim service, which allows customers to manage claims on their own. This will help to meet the needs of convenience and speed for customers. Thanachart Insurance places importance on Information Security Management System or ISMS, an information security management system that has been certified in accordance with international standards ISO/IEC 27001:2013. Accurate and fast In addition, the company has developed a data scientist team combined with infrastructure investments to create data-lakes to develop its own AI to enhance product management and continuously manage good customer experience.5. The power of personnel Thanachart Insurance is an organization driven by the success of the work, so it focuses on personnel development to deliver a good customer experience by creating a corporate culture through IDO Culture. By applying personnel management tools in many dimensions, such as the preparation of OKR and KPIs, promoting agile work models, adapting the way of working to meet the new generation, such as the hybrid workplace for the 2022 work, it has been very successful. Total premiums grew by 24%, outperforming the industry's average growth of 5.4%, with total premiums of 10,320 million baht. Net profit of 697 million baht This comes from 89% of car insurance from all distribution channels with a strong financial position. In terms of car insurance premiums, which rose to the 6th position out of 50 and still have a strong financial position, the company has a capital adequacy (CAR) of 577%, much higher than the threshold. However, the company currently has 1.1 million customers. There are 1.5 million policies.
People use cars smiling tomorrow "Petrol price" Gasohol-Hi Premium 97 Discount 60 st./litre|"Petrol" gasohol and Hi Premium 97 fell by 60 baht/litre. With effect from 05.00 am tomorrow (22 March) on 21 March 2023, the reporter reported that PTT Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price reduction of 60 satang/litre for all gasohol and Hi Premium 97 products. For the diesel segment, the price remains the same. Effective from 05.00 am on March 22, 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 34.85 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 34.58 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 32.54 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 44.74 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
What happened to AT1 bonds, why did the UBS merger deal with Credit Suisse have to take debt to zero?|AT1 debentures, financial instruments designed to absorb shocks. From the financial institution's capital crisis, the controversy stemmed from a historic deal. For the merger of UBS and Credit Suisse, what happened to the case? When certain conditions are met, for example, if a financial institution has a problem. However, AT1 usually yields good returns because it is the most risky bond that a bank can issue what happened to Credit Suisse's AT1 ?UBS acquired Credit Suisse with the government as a broker, helping to support the crisis of confidence in the global financial markets. In this case, the regulatory authorities. It authorized the distribution of $170 billion worth of Credit Suisse's AT1 debt securities, leaving zero immediately to maintain the strength of the balance sheet for the Bank arising from the original merger in which AT1 debentures ranked higher than the shares in the Bank's capital structure. If the bank faces a problem Bondholders are above the shareholders in terms of getting their money back. The conditions state that in restructuring, the regulator There is no obligation to comply with traditional capital structures. Under UBS's merger plan, Credit Suisse's AT1 holders became the only group that did not receive any compensation, but at least Credit Suisse shareholders received around $3.3 billion ($0.8191 per share) from the deal. But all actions of the REGULATOR are legitimate, what are the consequences of such cases? After the incident occurred. As investors worried that the bonds they held could face the same fate, credit suisse's decision to devalue AT1 bonds to zero was negative for the global AT1 market, leading to serious questions about what would happen to the market next. This uncertainty may affect lenders' bond prices during the overall ranking period, and in the past, uncertainty about the health of many lending institutions has put pressure on the bond price, bringing the average price of AT1 to 82% of par value, which is one of the largest discounts on record.
Petrol Prices Today 21 Mar 2023 Updated prices for all types of petrol from 4 gas stations|"Today's Oil Price" 21 Mar 23 Update on all types of petrol petrol, sohol, diesel surveyed from 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter on March 21, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.45 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.18 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 14 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.59 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.34 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 42.74 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Petrol E20 at 33.26 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.45 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.18 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 33.45 Baht/liter 14 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.59 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.94 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.24 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.54 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.24 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.24 baht/liter Shell Fusesafe Diesel B7 at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter 4.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.14 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.14 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 at 35.18 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 at 35.45 baht/liter Diesel at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.24 Baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/liter.
Heavy disambiguation Economic conditions put pressure on Big Tech, laying off more than 70,000 employees. In less than 6 months|If from November 2022 to the present, as of March 2023, the four major tech companies Amazon, Meta, Microsoft and Google have announced a total of 70,000 layoffs. Microsoft announced layoffs of 10,000 employees, or 5% of the total address of 2.2 lakh, to limit costs during the economic downturn. Google's parent company, Alphabet, announced layoffs of 12,000 employees, or 6% of its 1.9 lakh total, to limit costs during the economic downturn and the impact of blocking user privacy on the online advertising business, which is the majority source of revenue and profit. The company also wants to reorganize. Change the direction of investment focus by turning back to focus on future products and technology cores like AI, as well as Microsoft. Meta announced layoffs of 10,000 employees, or 13% of its existing 90,000 employees, and closed with 5,000 job openings to cope with the ongoing economic volatility. Following the announcement of the "Year of Efficiency", which will be adjusted to create and eliminate projects that are ineffective or insignificant, the new layoff announcement is less than 5 months away from the previous one (November 2022), with a reduction of 11,000 employees, or about 13% of the workforce, in November 2022, for a total of 21,000 layoffs in the first quarter of this year. Amazon announced layoffs of 9,000 employees, or 1.1% of its 1.54 million existing total, to limit costs and increase liquidity for the company. This downgrade will affect aws cloud business units, even if they are the most profitable, as a result of slowing cloud infrastructure spending over the past year. The cloud revenue growth rate fell to more than 30% from the previous year. It also hits Twitch, an affiliated gaming streaming platform. Amazon Stores and People, Experience, Technology (PXT) announced less than three months away from the latest layoff announcement (Jan 23), with 18,000 staff cuts, including 27,000 in the first quarter of this year. It is analyzed as a result of employment controls as well as balanced expenses during the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the company has accumulated cash flow at a good level. After announcing its 2022 financial results, the company's share value remained consistently positive, however, this year the macroeconomic sector also put pressure on businesses around the world. Technology companies such as Pinterest, Yahoo, Salesforce, IBM, Dell, PayPal and Zoom are familiar. So far, in 2023, 671 technology companies have been laid off, for a total of more than 1.8 lakh (Trueup data as of March 22, 2023). 
The government reiterated. The State Welfare Card Program takes care of vulnerable groups.|A government spokesman said the state welfare card scheme in 2022 has already registered more than 11 million people to verify their identity. Starting April 1, the vulnerable group has truly benefited Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri. Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Today (March 21, 2023), more than 11 million people were killed. The 2022 State Welfare Registration Program has been completed. Of the nearly 14.6 million eligible people, The State Welfare Registration Program is in accordance with the policy of Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and The Minister of Defence, who want to increase the efficiency of the government's social welfare allocation to vulnerable groups, which has been in operation since 2016 until now, for the progress of the verification of the identity of those who meet the eligibility criteria (qualified persons) under the State Welfare Registration Scheme 2022 as of March 20, 2023. A total of 11,121,736 out of a total of 14,596,820 qualified persons, including 3,396,782 unverified and 78,302 unsuccessful verification persons, the government spokesperson added that the new state welfare card can be used from April 1, 2023, and those who have successfully verified their identity by March 26, 2023, will be eligible for the state welfare card on April 1, 2023. We would like to remind the public to be wary of scammers believing that they are eligible under the program and to transact according to the instructions of fraudsters. The public can keep up to date with news and project details. "The government has implemented the State Welfare Registration Program since 2016 to take care of vulnerable people, through the cooperation and integration of information from several agencies, as another way to develop a database for the allocation of welfare of government agencies to low-income people who truly deserve to benefit from the state."
Win more diesel on sale The oil situation is rising.|Reporters reported that the Fuel Fund Management Committee and the Fuel Fund Office (NBTC) are closely monitoring the global diesel price situation, although the latest oil fund as of March 21, 2023, has been closely monitored. It will be able to charge the diesel fund to the level of 6.02 baht per liter. But global market prices are starting to fluctuate at high levels again. With markets worried about the credit suisse crisis, UBS has reached an acquisition agreement and there are still factors at the March 22 Federal Reserve meeting to raise interest rates, as well as whether the OPEC Plus meeting will affect global oil production, with diesel prices falling three times, most recently on March 16, whether or not to fall for the fourth time. It is important to wait for the direction of global market prices next week. The oil fund's position remains negative at 99.6 billion baht. However, at present, the average revenue is 10,000 million baht per month, making the liquidity improved sequentially from the previous negative 120 billion baht. Now it's negative 99,600 million baht. This is a negative value of less than 100,000 million baht for the first time in 9 months since July 3, 2022.
"Commerce" keeps an eye on egg price problems, boosting pineapple-milk-durian using FTA to increase exports|Mr. Udom Srisomsong Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade Revealing that retailers in Uthai Thani province have increased the selling price of chicken eggs (30 eggs) by 6 baht per stall, 4 stalls of 100 baht, 3 stalls of 110 baht, 2 stalls of 115 baht and 1 stall of 120 baht. Meanwhile, the retail price of chicken eggs no. 3 in the Bangkok market is the latest. On March 21, 2023 At 3.80-4.00 baht per egg, the nationwide average is 3.63 baht, in line with the egg price structure. At the moment, the situation of chicken egg trade is sluggish because during the school holidays, consumption is decreasing, and the number of caged hens is still large. As a result, a large volume of output is released to the market. At the same time, it asked the provincial commerce office to closely monitor the sales situation. In order not to take advantage of consumers on the side of Ms. Bunika Jamsai. Deputy Director-General, Department of International Trade Negotiations He said the department has worked with the Department of Cooperative Promotion in Prachuap Khiri Khan province to discuss cooperatives, farmers and community enterprises, producers of pineapple, dairy and durian products about leveraging the Free Trade Agreement (FTA) to expand exports to the global market. Marketing Strategies The behavior and trends of the new generation of consumers and the use of technology and innovation to enhance the production of products to meet quality and standards. It was found that the entrepreneurs who went to the meeting were It is believed that the use of FTA will help entrepreneurs to export more agricultural products.
The Bot extends the rehabilitation loan for 1 year, ending the "asset break, debt suspension" does not go further.|Reporters reported that the Bank of Thailand (BOT) has issued circulars to financial institutions. Update the rules and conditions regarding the process and procedures of credit support measures to entrepreneurs. Businesses affected by the coronavirus outbreak (rehabilitation loans) in accordance with the cabinet resolution of March 7, 2023 The committee agreed to extend the credit support measures to business operators for a period of one year in order to support the business sector under the rehabilitation loan and adaptation loan measures. The remaining amount of the measure after the end of the measure on April 20 will be included as a credit line under the credit support measures to business operators, which will help the business sector to revitalize its business and cope with the situation that may arise during the period of high uncertainty and support the country's economic recovery continuously. As of March 13, 2019, the company has approved loans totaling 400,000 million baht and 100,000 million baht for the loan relief project. 138,860 people received assistance, while 476 entrepreneurs participated in the project and 72,056.89 million baht were transferred.
There was no vacuum after the dissolution of parliament. The Bank of Thailand oversees the financial system.|Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechao, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Energy He said the government could still take care of the economy after the dissolution of parliament and insisted that there would be no economic problems during the political vacuum like the private sector was concerned about. Because it can also take care of the economy through expediting the disbursement of various budgets of ministries as approved by the government. It must be disbursed as required. Meanwhile, foreign investment promotion and foreign investment in Thailand continue to grow, as evidenced by U.S. businessmen attending trade winds meetings in Thailand and the Japan Business Confederation (Kedanren) agreeing to trade and investment cooperation with Thai private sectors to maintain energy prices. Although the Ministry of Finance has sought the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers to reduce the diesel excise tax of 5 baht per litre until July 20, 2023, it may not be covered before the previous period. A new cabinet will issue measures to help the people. THE GOVERNMENT HAS ALREADY PREPARED A WAY TO TAKE CARE OF OIL PRICES IN A DOWNTREND, AND THE GAPS IN THE MEASURES CAN BE PUT ON THE OIL FUND FOR A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME BEFORE SPONSORED. Supattanapong said it is affecting the global economy, but the impact on Thailand is limited. The impact will be on the export sector as the global economy is affected as a whole, but the impact is not on the Thai financial sector as we currently have very little foreign debt. In addition, there is a Thai economic agency, the Bank of Thailand (BOT). The National Economic and Social Development Council (NESDB), as well as the Ministry of Finance, are closely monitoring the situation, including exchange rates, which admit to being very volatile at the moment. The Bot has reported that it is taking care not to over-strengthen or depreciate: "The problematic banking situation in the US and Europe at the moment shows no signs of affecting financial institutions in Thailand. Because solving problems from the source is fast. Large banks and national banks have been appointed to help solve the problem within 2 weeks to see the clarity and resolution of the problem in a better direction."
The election turned 120 billion baht, businesses recovered from the economy - sales did not recover - costs skyrocketed.|Poll of the Thai Chamber of Commerce He said the business was still suffering from a poor economy, although tourism recovered, but sales were not strong, and profits were low. The government maintains cost management, accelerates budget disbursements to support the economy, monitors political fluctuations after the election, fears campaign policies affect financial costs, but still hopes for better business in the next 6 months. Director, Institute of Trade Strategy, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce According to a survey conducted by the business sector on the impact of the economic situation on the Thai business sector, 59.5% of businesses said that the business status remained the same as in 2022, 24.5% worsened and 16% improved. "Most businesses are negatively affected by rising costs, including rising interest rates, minimum wage at an average of 328-354 baht per day, electricity bills exceeding 5 baht per liter, diesel fuel exceeding 35 baht per liter. Economic activity returned. As a result, the economy and business began to recover, tourism returned, and the agricultural sector improved. This makes consumption in each province better, and elections make more money. AS FOR THE IMPACT OF THE FALL OF U.S. BANKS, A MAJORITY OF 73.5% SAID THE IMPACT WAS LESS FAVORED WHILE THE IMPACT OF POLITICS AND RE-ELECTIONS WAS FELT. A majority of 40.1% were positively affected because of the high cash flow. This has resulted in increased sales and international political confidence. The other 11.5% were negatively affected because they were concerned about the continuity of economic policy and new political stability. Concerned that policies that political parties campaign for may affect costs, such as raising wages, they want the government to take care of costs appropriately and accelerate budget disbursements continuously to support the economy. The business sector expects the Thai economy to expand by an average of 3.42% this year, said Thanawat Polvichai, president and chief advisor of the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting at the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce. Although tourism has improved, the global economic situation has seeped. Inconspicuous exports Pull the purchasing power out of the system, and then there is an expensive electricity cost factor. Inflation is also high, causing people not to dare to spend, and business profits are still thin for the impact of business politics, worried about forming a government that could have a number of events, such as landslides or a landslide in the election of one party. Political polarization, political stability, etc., make it possible in the short term or the second and third quarters to reinvest or expand the business to wait and see. It is also concerned about the party's campaign policies. However, I hope that business will improve in the next 6 months"This election will campaign aggressively to win and become prime minister, regardless of which political party is elected landslides and becomes prime minister, pointing out that Thai people entrust and confident to lead the people, which will build confidence in Thai society." The economy grew by 0.5-0.7% and the second quarter grew by 3-4%. Businesses want to expedite disbursements. And don't want interest rates to rise quickly because inflation has already begun to fall.
"Krungthai" enters ESG market and launches Krungthai Sustainable Loan Up to 10 years of installment |Mr. Veerapong Supasesak Executive Vice President Medium Business Division, Krungthai Bank Krungthai Bank is the country's leading commercial bank. Conduct business with a focus on the environment. Krungthai Sustainable Governance (ESG) is ready to support SMEs to adapt to the new business world that aims to use clean energy and reduce net zero emissions for sustainable growth through "Krungthai Sustainability Loan (ESG)" by supporting funds for environmentally friendly business operations or modifying equipment and production processes to reduce energy consumption as follows: Energy Management Reduce resource consumption, increase energy efficiency, or increase the proportion of renewable energy in the production process, including environmental management innovations such as inventing new production processes that reduce environmental impact on energy conservation. Replacing high-efficiency machinery or replacing energy-saving equipment to increase energy efficiency or efficiency in business production processes using renewable energy such as solar energy, hydropower, wind power, solar rooftop / biogas installation, as well as projects related to supporting the expansion of electric vehicles or clean energy vehicles such as electric transport vehicles (EVs) or Green Logistic, etc. Krungthai Sustainable Loans (ESG) for SME entrepreneurs who are juristic persons with sales of more than 100 million baht per year, covering both new and additional loans, supporting up to 100% of the investment value, installment for up to 10 years. One of the founders The company grows vegetables because they love their mother (oh ka chu). He revealed that Ohkachu operates its business with a focus on the environment by using clean energy in business management by installing solar rooftop to generate electricity for use in restaurants and vegetable growing farms, as well as applying the Zero Waste concept along with organic production processes to manage waste and various wastes to maximize the benefits of food waste from restaurants, tree pruning scraps or municipal waste. It is produced as compost, used to grow vegetables at the farm. With the support of Krungthai Bank, the Company has working capital to operate its business as intended to create stable and sustainable growth.
Patee Comeback Launched Really Cool Airlines, a reminder for Thais, expecting to start service by the end of this year.|Patee Sarasin, CEO of Really Cool Airlines, revealed that the company has announced the launch of a new airline called "Really Cool Airlines". It focuses on international routes. It is expected to unveil its business plan and start flying by the end of this year. It aims to revitalize Thailand's aviation and hospitality industry. With a mission to focus on world-class safety standards and service excellence. Under the slogan 'We Fly the Future', the airline is dedicated to growing the airline that everyone is proud of, according to the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT). The number of tourists arriving in Thailand in January stood at 2.14 million, a slight decrease from the previous month, but still driven by the return of Chinese tourists. After covid-19 restrictions were lifted It's not. TAT has set a positive target of 30 million tourists coming to Thailand in 2023, or about 80% of the 39 million tourists recorded in 2019 before the COVID-19 crisis. We are a highly innovative airline to cope with new pandemics in the future, and within the next month we will start to see one point at a time that is under development what we are focusing on specifically. What can change from the world of aviation as seen todaySPONSORED by positioning Really Cool Airlines as an airline that provides "Lifestyle Full Service" from the emphasis on incorporating technology from around the world for the first time, which will be different from other aviation businesses in the market, focusing on international flights. And it can serve Thai people who want to travel abroad as well. However, most of the arrivals are primarily marketed and made it an easily recognizable brand, as the majority of Thailand's arrivals (inbound) are more than 70% foreign tourists compared to outbound. Today's announcement of the airline's launch is flagging the company and reassuring its partners, who are currently in the process of setting up and negotiating the rental price of aircraft for service. however Mr. Pathi said he has a 51% stake in the company in order to be able to control the direction of the business. The rest are investors from multiple groups and not in the original organization. He said working with technology-savvy partners could help develop the aviation business when asked by reporters. 20 years ago, did you feel embarrassed about running an airline? Paty replied that 5 years ago he asked if he was ok. Because I was scolded for not knowing, I didn't know, I was scolded for not doing anything, and it was in the light. In the light, it has both likes. I didn't like it, appreciated it, and hated it so I left the industry without thinking about coming back. But now, if we're going to help here. We have to give in, like, dislike, admire, or scold.
Thai stocks today, March 22, 2023, ended the afternoon up 7.90 points, the index was at 1,585 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 7.90. The index is at 1,585.08. Turnover 51,001.11 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 22, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose by 7.90. Change 0.76% The index is at 1,585.08. The index peaked at 1,588.17. The index is at a low of 1,579.25. The turnover was 51,001.11 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 4. CP All Public Company Limited 5. PTT Public Company Limited.
Krungsri Auto Motor Show 2023 is set at 1,250 million baht.|Krungsri Auto Motor Show 2023 is expected to reach 1,250 million baht by the end of 2023, with new loans growing by 5% to 192 billion baht. Mr. Kongsin Ganga, Chief Automotive Finance Officer, Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited or Krungsri Auto, said that the overall outlook for the automotive lending market this year is likely to improve in line with the economic recovery. We expect the total value of new automotive loans in the market to be 527 billion baht, or about 1% growth, with sales of 866,000 new cars, a growth of 2%. 5% year-on-year growth for the past 65 years. New loans surpassed the target with a 17% growth of 183,000 million baht. From the target of 173,000 million baht The amount of new loans through digital channels was 7% or approximately 13,297 million baht. At the same time, we aim to be the leader in the electric vehicle or EV lending market with a loan target of 4,000,000 baht. At the upcoming Motor Show 2023 from March 22 to April 2, 2023, we believe that we will receive approximately 1,250 million baht in loansSPONSORED, and we expect ev sales to exceed 30,000 units, with interest rates starting at 1.88% per annum and peaking at around 3% per year. We are ready to expand our efforts to provide more specific and personalized solutions by using AI to create new value for dealer partners. By accessing insights and understanding customer segments, helping to pass on customer needs that match dealer partners, and promoting sustainable value exchange through digital-based new vehicle user behavior. Krungsri Auto therefore focuses on offering a full range of services. End on a single platform or DIY Service through real-time development of features and services. The GO by Krungsri Auto application and LINE Official Account are the two main platforms for delivering DIY Service efficiently, as well as digital platforms like iPartner, which integrates with thousands of dealers nationwide in real time to increase business management efficiency and strengthen other business opportunities. With outstanding loans totaling 426,000 million baht. We are ready to drive and create new business opportunities as well as expand the automotive ecosystem in all dimensions more perfectly in order to further achieve sustainable growth."
Bangkok Airways is ready for a revival of tourism. Pull 4.4 million passengers on board|Bangkok Airways ready for tourism recovery Prepare 40,000 flights Bringing 4.4 million passengers to travel and strengthening 3 airports, Samui Airport, Trat Airport and Sukhothai Airport to accommodate flights. President & CEO Bangkok Airways Public Company Limited (BA) said international travel and tourism are gradually recovering, and passenger travel from around the world has had a positive impact on the aviation industry. Bangkok Airways Section It found that ticket bookings have increased since November 2018. In 2022, both domestic and international travel resulted in a total of 2.7 million passenger shipments in 2022. Overall, passenger traffic in 2022 is expected to reach 45% of 2019, with an upward trend since the end of 3Q22 and reaching 65% of the pre-COVID level in December for 2023. The company aims to attract Thai and foreign tourists to travel within Thailand and the region. Target passenger revenue of 15,000 million baht Over 40,000 flights in total The passenger transport rate is 76%, for the advantages of being a full-service airline, such as seat selection before departure. Free 20kg baggage service, lounge service for all passengers Meals are served on all flights. The company plans to increase its capabilities to support travel, premium service at affordable prices and the strength of owning and managing three airports, Samui, Trat and Sukhothai airports, which will be able to accommodate flights as a hub connecting destinations. In the field of management systems Physical improvements Environmental management, which will be subject to government regulations and regulations and in accordance with international standards, Mr. Puttipong said. It is committed to being an integral part of climate change management in the aviation sector. At present, the Company has implemented a plan to use jet fuel efficiently. To reduce carbon dioxide emissions as well.  Nayonwaj Leelawatwattana Senior Executive Vice President , Finance and Accounting Division said that in 2022, the Company's total revenue was 12,742.1 million baht. Compared to 2021, the increase was 124.8%, driven by an increase in ticket sales revenue. 609.8% of airport revenue 465.4% and 71.6% of airport-related revenue from the resumption of airline operations. Losses decreased from 2021 by 1,643.2 million baht or 64.9%. Director of Major Customers and Supplementary Revenue Products Said: "This year, the company expects that the proportion of revenue from overseas markets, which are purchasing power and ready to travel, will clearly return and will account for about 60% of the total revenue through BSP agents in key markets such as Europe, America, Australia, Japan, China, South Africa and more than 20 markets around the world. The Company has appointed 12 more sales and marketing agents, for a total of 41 offices, with offices in the Nodiggs or Scandinavian and Benelux countries and the appointment of sales and marketing agents in Germany. Austria, Switzerland, Hong Kong and AustraliaSPONSORED for sale in the domestic market. During festivals, tourism promotions or promotional activities with partners in various sectors, including the sale of goods. The services of business partners are enhanced to cover all passengers' needs, such as travel insurance. Car rental, hotel or pre-sale provide a great experience with our airline marketing plan. The Company focuses on implementing color marketing strategies. Blue is the color of happiness, which brings the uniqueness of Bangkok Airways colors to create a happy image recognition of traveling with the airline. Seat Reservation Selection Lounge service to the destination with Yaya Urasya as the presenter with a unique style. Be friendly, communicate sincerely. You can share your happiness with everyone whenever you meet.
Thai Watsadu seeks 15% more growth, prepares to expand to 10 branches across Thailand to receive construction demand|Thai Watsadu Aiming for 2023, we plan to expand to 10 branches nationwide. Looking at the demand for residential construction as a positive signal for the business, in line with CRC's goal of generating total revenue growth of more than 15%. The Chief Executive Officer of CRC Thai Watsadu Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Central Retail Corporation Public Company Limited or CRC, said: The market share in the Home & Garden specialist retailer group grew from 4.3% in 2012 to 9.8% in 2021. With a target of 15% sales growth in 2023, Thai Watsadu continues to expand its business to achieve its targeted growth. Krungthai COMPASS is expected to expand its retail presence in 10 new branches nationwide in areas with high potential and areas with demand for construction and real estate development, which is part of the expansion of the hardline business group, namely Thai Watsadu, BNB Home and Power Buy, which has been benefited by factors that will drive the growth of the building materials and home furnishings market. Penetrate the tourist city and large industry to become a comprehensive home construction and decoration center. by in months. In February 2023, two branches have been opened: 1. Thai Watsadu x BNB Home Rangsit Klong 4 branch and 2. Thai Watsadu Korat branch. This March Thai Watsadu continues to open 2 more branches, namely Thai Watsadu Kamphaeng Phet Branch and Thai Watsadu x BNB Home Phuket Branch, Chalong. We have opened 4 branches in all regions of Thailand. northeast By 2023, Thai Watsadu aims to have 80 branches covering all key areas nationwide, with the business growing by leaps and bounds, reflecting the potential of the construction and home furnishings industry that remains in demand among consumers. The company has continuously adapted its business to meet the lifestyle of consumers to meet the needs of consumers in various dimensions. We are also committed to strengthening our business partners to grow together. This is considered to strengthen the business and deliver quality products in a one-stop way.
Experts see not just the falling bank that motivated DeFi to grow, but the CeFi faith crisis since FTX then.|Since the beginning of March, the global financial industry has been in the market. There has been quite a bit of chaos since the closure of more than three U.S. banks due to liquidity shortages. Starting with Silvergate, a crypto-friendly bank, followed by the launch of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), a bank focused on startups, and signature banks, which are also associated with crypto, and most recently, a historic event from the merger of major banks in Switzerland. UBS and Credit Suisse, which are organized by the government because they do not want Credit Suisse to go bankrupt, despite the heavy liquidity problems, and this deal has caused problems for the bond market as a whole, all of which have affected confidence in the Centralize Finance (CeFi) system, leading to the question of how it will benefit the decentalize finance (DeFi) system from all the surrounding factors. Asst.Prof.Dr.Udomsak Rakwongwan The co-founder and consultant of FWX, a DeFi platform, and a professor in the Department of Mathematics, Kasetsart University, commented on the issue to Thairath Money. The incident has affected the financial industry as a whole, and of course, in the short term, it hasn't had much of a positive impact on crypto projects. Since banks that have closed in the U.S. are all crypto friendly, they will now have stricter measures in place to provide crypto-related company accounts. From the collapse of FTX to the closure of banks, there is a crisis of faith that has driven people to move money from CeFi to DeFi has continued to increase, reflected in recent data, with the bank's recent shutdown, while the global DeFi platform Uniswap has reached a record high of $11 billion, doubling its trading volume in November 2022, which is around $5-6 billion amid the collapse of the CeFi platform FTX. While other DeFi projects have also seen an increase in the total value lock (TVL) of assets, reflecting the increasing demand for the product, users are moving towards DeFi not only during the bank crisis, but the trend has been going on since the FTX fell. The people who go in and manage those things. Even if those risk management is under supervision, some of it can be ignored." Asst. Prof. Dr. Udomsak said that while the price of Bitcoin continued to rise to the level of USD 28,000 per coin on March 19, Asst. Prof. Dr. Udomsak sees that the current banking crisis, which is a macroeconomic factor, does not have a significant impact on the price of Bitcoin, but rather has a more psychological effect. Although there is information that the Federal Reserve (FED) will help with liquidity for the affected banks, it is lending and guaranteeing with high-quality assets such as bonds, so when the loan agreement expires, the bank must return the money. Bitcoin halving cycle reduces bitcoin mining rewards by half every four years, now in the final phase before the cycle anniversary early next year. This information has happened in the past, but in the future it remains to be seen. However, on the issue of the possibility of innovation. If there is a global financial crisis Asst. Prof. Dr. Udomsak commented, "Maybe you haven't seen innovations that turn the face into the back of the hand like DeFi crypto, but I think that the early DeFi model, which is a Pyramid Scheme that lures people in with high gillds, gives away governance tokens, has a new money model to pay the old ones, because from the developers in many countries around the world, there is little talk about 10%, 50%, 100% returns. Information and personal experiences of respondents It does not reflect the company's views and does not recommend investments in any way. 
Bangkok-style fashion event Expand SME|The Ministry of Commerce organized "STYLE Bangkok 2023" to mobilize 500 entrepreneurs with more than 1 thousand booths during March 22-26 at Queen Sirikit Center. Bringing together the greatest lifestyle and fashion products Create a handicap "SME-MicroSME Thai" Go Inter Expected to generate more than 1,400 million baht On March 22, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, presided over the opening of STYLE Bangkok 2023, the ultimate fair that brings together a full range of lifestyle products from more than 500 exhibitors and young entrepreneurs. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Commerce Mr. Bunyteer Panichprapai, Secretary, Minister of Commerce Mr. Phusit Rattanakul Serirengrit Director-General, Department of International Trade Promotion Mr. Sanee AngUbonkul Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce of Thailand Ambassadors from various countries to Thailand and representatives of the public sector, private sector, council and Thai association at Hall 1, G floor, Queen Sirikit National Convention Center Participating in the opening ceremony of SPONSORED, Mr. Jurin said that STYLE Bangkok was held for the 6th year by the Department of International Trade Promotion and the Federation of Thai Chambers of Commerce. Lifestyle and fashion products are considered one of the industries that play an important role in driving the business sector and the country's economy. For four reasons: first, The industry has more than 90% of SMEs and microSMEs. Secondly, it employs more than 1 million people. Thirdly, an industry that can make a lot of money for Thailand. Exports in 2022 generated 450 billion baht for the country. It grew by 16.5% in January 2023, generating 30 billion baht in revenue. Key markets include the U.S., Japan, Australia, China, Vietnam, Indonesia, and many other countries. Fourthly, Thai lifestyle and fashion products are considered quality products that are accepted around the world. It is a contemporary soft power with the potential to make a lot of money for Thailand. In the future, we aim to make Thailand a regional hub for lifestyle and fashion products in the future"STYLE Bangkok 2023 has many events, organizing trade fairs with 1,000 booths, creating an important platform for dialogue between Thai entrepreneurs and foreign importers. It is estimated that this single event generates at least 1,400 million baht for the country and will serve as a platform for knowledge exchange in terms of production, production, production and production. marketing design Exchange international identities of Thai importers and exporters in accordance with market tastes. Maintaining a Thai identity is important, this event will create a handicap for SMEs. Thai MicroSME There is a chance to go further in the future." Mr. Jurin said the STYLE Bangkok 2023 event will be held from March 22-26 at G Floor, Hall 1-4, Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, with business days opening on March 22-24 from 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., retail sales to the general public on March 25-26 from 10:00 a.m. to 21:00 a.www.stylebangkokfair.com m.
EVEANDBOY invests 200 million to bring Mark Tuan as Global Ambassador|Eve & Boy invested 200 million to pull "Mark Tuan" as global ambassador, joining the new gen group, reiterating that when COVID-19 hit, sales grew by more than 71%, especially lipstick and foundation. Chief Executive Officer of Eve & Boy Co., Ltd. said: In the first 3 months of this year, we grew by more than 60% compared to 20% in 2021 and 2021. We expect that after the launch of the Global Ambassador, there will be more high traffic. For the product category of interest, the makeup and skincare segment is growing steadily. As a result, the makeup group has become very popular again, resulting in sales growth of more than 71%, especially lipsticks and foundations. In terms of skincare products. EVEANDBOY SHINING THE UNIVERSE has grown by more than 53% compared to 2022 for the EVEANDBOY SHINING THE UNIVERSE campaign. Mark Tuan became Eve & Boy's first Global Ambassador because Mark Tuan's character is a new generation that is smart, cool and likes to take care of himself, plus a fashion lifestyle, as well as a young generation fan base that matches the customer group and can perfectly reflect the identity of Eve & Boy. This reinforces the confidence that EVEANDBOY is the No. 1 beauty store in all aspects. We have invested in this campaign with carpeting all media platforms in all dimensions, including offline, online, out-of-home, BTS, and collaborated with more than 40 leading brands. Join forces to push for a special campaign and launch a commercial film that reflects that everyone can shine like Mark Tuan by becoming the EVEANDBOY family, which is like a universe of beauty for everyone. A memorable activity for customers and fans like no other.
Scan the policy of "Progressive Party" with 7 agendas to change the economy and welfare progress.|The party went further. "7 Agenda to Change the Thai Economy" Government Overhaul Dismantle the new budget, lean on "welfare progress from birth to death" better than the state welfare card, think ahead and spend 650,000 million baht a year to find money from anywhere, including fat taxation, wealth tax, land tax, and taxation of large capital individuals. Deputy Party Leader and Head of the Economic Team The party went further. The far-right party has launched an economic team of seven people, including Mr. Veerayuth Kanchuchat. Mr. Sittipol Wiboonthanakul Mr. Woraporn Wiriyaroj, Mr. Abhisit, chasing enemies far away. Mr. Chaiwat Satthavornvijit and Mr. Dejrat Sukkurd, as well as proposing economic policies. The people will consider in the nationwide general elections to transform Thailand differently, consisting of "7 agendas to change the Thai economy" 1.Change from Made in Thailand to Made with Thailand 2.Open opportunities SME Market 3.Break up monopoly capital Reduce cost of living 4.Unlock creative economy 5.Convert data into treasure 6. Stop freezing rural Thailand 7. Government overhaul "The economic policy wants to create a fair growth of the Thai economy, there are 3 main areas: building a stable economic foundation, building a government mechanism and fair competition rules, and pushing new economic machines that grow with the global supply chain. There will be a major overhaul of the bureaucracy and budgeting methods. If the party moves forward into government, it will ask for a complete dismantling." Ms. Sirikanya insisted that it is a more complete policy than the state welfare card because there is no need to prove household income, since in the past, more than 46% of the poor did not receive a state welfare card. For example, giving gifts from birth to 6 years old at 3,000 baht per person with a budget of 2,100 million baht and supporting each child at 1,200 baht per month. The budget is 32,000 million baht and the mother can take 6 months of maternity leave with a grant from the Social Security Fund of 5,000 baht per month. Get travel expenses to the doctor By allowing everyone to pay contributions to enter the social security system Section 40. Instead, the government will allocate a budget to pay for it. Set an annual limit of 35,000 million baht. Children learn for free. Complimentary meals The budget of 33 billion baht for the minimum wage will be increased every year. Starting at 450 baht per day, the government will help SME businesses in the first 6 months. The budget is 16,000 million baht. The elderly earn a salary of 3,000 baht and build a system for bedridden patients. Budget 420,000 million baht People with disabilities receive 3,000 baht per month with a budget of 72,000 million baht. In addition, there is a housing project where the state helps rent the house 1,000 baht per month. Those who earn 15,000 baht and want to buy a house for less than 1.5 million baht. The government will provide 2,500 baht per month for 350,000 homes with a budget of 6,000 million baht. People are very concerned about the fiscal burden, which has already been seen as a fiscal balance. Therefore, the budget allocation will have to be fattened from the expenditure budget, which from the annual budget limit of more than 3 trillion baht, cut unnecessary projects by 100 billion baht, exactly as the director of the Budget Office himself said that the cut can "reduce the size of the army by 30-40% and restore the army business to the Ministry of Finance to manage 50 billion baht because the budget that the Ministry of Defense receives annually is 200 billion baht. Most of them are large personnel expenditures. Only 30,000 million baht per year for weapons purchased. Business recalls, such as golf courses The Ministry of Finance will generate more revenue and continue to provide for the welfare of the soldiers." The central budget was cut by 30 billion baht and the dividend income of state enterprises was 30 billion baht. The new budget includes the collection of wealth tax on people with assets exceeding 300 million baht. There will be a new income of 60,000 million baht. Land tax on each plot and total plots of 150,000 million baht Taxing individuals with a large capital of 92,000 million baht BOI Benefits Reform 8,000 Million Baht 100,000 million baht tax enhancement and 50,000 million baht land lottery The director of the Think Forward Center said the party is moving forward to announce an agenda to stop freezing rural Thailand. It manages to ensure the welfare and security of the land. Solve debt problems and provide water resources by establishing a proof of rights fund with a limit of 10,000 million baht and guaranteeing the rights to arable land of 10 million baht. Turn undocumented land into title deeds For farmers whose assets do not exceed 10 million baht In order to become a real smallholder farmer, which must continue to hold for at least 10 years, the goal is for 1 million households to have the right to own land within 5 years. The first part is farmers who are 60 years of age or older. If half of the debt is paid, the state will contribute the other half. If they don't have the ability to pay their debts, the state will provide them with a second option. By leasing farmers' land to grow perennials worth at least 20 years, farmers will be released from debt from the first time they join the project. In the case of no money and land. The state will install solar panels by dividing revenue. The state collects revenue in the cost of the installation investment and the remainder of the landlord takes it to pay the principal. The goal is to pay off all debts within 5 years and the state will deposit solar cells for 5-10 years. The first year starts with people over the age of 70 in order to get out of debt within the first year, for example.
"Sanae Ang Ubonkul" sits as president of the Thai Chamber of Commerce for the 2nd time.|Reporters reported that the Thai Chamber of Commerce held its 65th Annual General Meeting to elect a new Board of Directors of the Thai Chamber of Commerce for the 66-67 term, a total of 76 members who had expired. He will serve as chairman of the Board of Directors of the Thai Chamber of Commerce for one term and will serve as president of the Chamber of Commerce of Thailand. Mr. Sanae said that in the past, the Thai Chamber of Commerce has adopted the Connect the Dots approach by drawing participation from all sectors together to revitalize the country's economy. This year will mark the 90th anniversary of the establishment of the Thai Chamber of Commerce, so we will build on our previous achievements with the Connect-Competitive- Sustainable concept to drive the economy towards sustainability, especially economic issues that are related to the country's competitiveness. Various forms of international trade measures that prioritize environmental stewardship "I aim to mobilize members across the country. The company has increased from 100,000 to 200,000 and plans to expand new trade markets, particularly China. Attracting additional investment in the Eastern Economic Corridor, targeting provincial investors in the second quarter and hosting a Thai trade fair in Saudi Arabia later this year," said SPONSORED. Vajikrailas The Secretary-General of the Thai Chamber of Commerce said that the first event on the occasion of the 90th anniversary of the Thai Chamber of Commerce will be a forum. "Business perspectives on policy, driving the country" by inviting private sector leaders to reflect on the needs and things that the private sector wants to see in 10 key areas.
Chinese ambassador admits misunderstanding The online world is not safe.|Mr. Jaturon Phakdeevanich Director General, Department of Tourism Mrs. Pan Jin, Deputy Chief Consular Officer of the People's Republic of China, discussed the case of online sharing in China that it is not safe to visit Thailand, which Mrs. Pan Jin asked the Department of Tourism to trust. The Chinese government, as well as Chinese tourists who have visited Thailand, will urgently correct this misunderstanding as it is untrue and damages Thailand's image." The Department of Tourism integrates with both public and private sector networks. Continuously raise and develop the quality standards of tourism products and services. In addition, information exchange and public relations for Chinese tourists to be aware and understand the law. Correct regulations and measures Before leaving China and during your trip to Thailand. We wish the Chinese government and Chinese tourists to be assured that Thailand is a safe country and ready to welcome Chinese tourists and tourists from all over the world. IN ADDITION, THERE ARE PLANS TO IMPLEMENT A MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING (MOU) BETWEEN THE MINISTRY OF TOURISM AND SPORTS AND THE MINISTRY OF CULTURE AND TOURISM OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN ORDER TO COOPERATE IN THE SUPERVISION OF THE TOURISM INDUSTRY BETWEEN EACH OTHER IN A MORE CONCRETE WAY TO PREVENT SCAMS AND ILLEGAL ACTS.
We look forward to buying and investing! Gold resistance 33,800 baht per baht|YLG raised its 2023 gold price target to $2,075-2,200/oz, supported by investors' concerns that the U.S. and European banking crisis may not end easily. As a result, the Fed tops up the system and tends to raise interest rates less. A good gold portfolio should be 5-15% of the total portfolio. The price should not be chased, the reason is that the price is near the high. There is a risk of profit-taking Ms. Thipa Navawattanasub. Chief Executive Officer of YLG Bullion & Futures Co., Ltd. (YLG), a tfex futures brokerage, revealed that from the beginning of the year until March 21, 2023, Global gold prices rose about 7.85% from the beginning of the year at $1,823 per troy ounce to a year-high of $2,009 per troy ounce. It came close to a record high of $2,075 per troy ounce, driven primarily by the Federal Reserve's (Fed) return to top-up systems. In the wake of the U.S. banking group's liquidity shortage and the rise to Europe, investors are also keeping an eye on other banks facing the same problem. Although the Fed and the U.S. Treasury Department have issued measures for large financial institutions to add liquidity to the system, there are many local banks in each state, so investors still see them as risky. The market also expects the Fed to slow down the hardening of rate hikes, and SPDR, a large gold fund, has begun buying gold. THEREFORE, GOLD IS STRONGLY ENCOURAGED BY THESE FACTORS. YLG has revised its gold price target from the beginning of the year at $2,000 per troy ounce to $2,075-$2,200 per troy ounce. For investors who want to invest in gold during this period, if they want to buy, it can be done on a short-term speculative basis. Because the price of gold has risen quite a lot. There is a chance of a profitable sell-off around $2,075-2,200 per troy ounce. However, if you want to buy accumulated, it is advisable to wait for the price to fall around 1,804-1,786 USD, which is about 29,350-29,100 baht per gold baht. "Although the price of gold is swinging upwards, YLG still recommends a good proportion of gold investment, preferably 5-10% of the portfolio, to reduce the volatility of the total portfolio. Investors can invest in gold through Futures markets, especially gold online futures, which are gold futures trading in U.S. dollars. As a result, investors do not have to worry about the risk of fluctuations in the baht.
Krungsri Auto pushes 200 billion baht loan Ev sales revealed|Mr. Kongsin Ganga, Chief Automotive Lending Officer, Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited, the provider of "Krungsri Auto", revealed that the overall automotive lending market this year is likely to improve in line with the economic recovery. It is expected that the total number of new automotive loans in the market will be 527 billion baht. 1% year-on-year growth New vehicle sales stood at 866,000 units, up 2% year-on-year. Meanwhile, Krungsri Auto aims to release 192,000 million baht in new loans. Growth of 5% year-on-year and maintaining its position as a leader in the integrated automotive lending business. Krungsri Auto expects EV lending to grow by 100% to Baht 4,624 million this year, with the initial interest rate for Krungsri Auto's EVs at 1.88% per annum and peaking at approximately 3% per annum." Growth of 17% year-on-year and exceeding the target of 173 billion baht and new loans through digital channels at 7% or 13,297 million baht. Of all new loans New automotive lending at this year's motor show. Krungsri Auto AIMING FOR NEW LOANS FOR ALL PRODUCTS AT 1,250 MILLION BAHT, MR. KONGSIN SAID THAT MEASURES TO HELP CUSTOMERS AFFECTED BY COVID-19 Krungsri Auto has suspended debt payments to more than 780,000 customers. The target is to regulate within this year not to exceed 2% of total loans.
Petrol price today 22 Mar 2023 Check the price of petrol from 4 pumps.|"Oil Prices Today" 22 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per liter on March 22, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.85 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.58 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 44.74 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 42.14 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Petrol at 42.66 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 34.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 34.58 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 34.58 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 32.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 34.58 BAHT/litre SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/litre SPONSORED AT 34.58 BAHT/litre GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL 91 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE SPONSORED. 54 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.34 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 35.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 44.64 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter 4.24 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.14 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.58 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.85 baht/litre Diesel at 33.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 44.64 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/litre.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 23 Mar 2023 Open Thursday Morning Market Up 200 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Open Thursday morning 23rd Mar 2023 Up 200 baht for "gold bullion" price sold out 31,850 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,350 baht per baht. Baht 23 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.27 a.m., the price increased by 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,750 baht per baht. Baht 31,850 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,184.12 baht per baht. Baht 32,350 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 15,875 baht Sell out 15,925 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,592.06 baht Sell out 16,175 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,937.5 Baht Sell Out 7,962.5 Baht Gold 1 Shilling Buy 7,796.03 Baht Sell Out 8,087.5 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,968.75 Baht Sell Out 3,981.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,898.015 Baht Sell Out 4,043.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Betagro aims for 5-10% revenue growth to increase production capacity The broker pointed out the bootleg pig is also pressuring.|Mr. Vasit Taepaisitpong Chief Executive Officer and President, Plc. Betagro, or BTG, revealed that the company has set a target of sales growth in 2023 of at least 5-10% compared to the previous year. From continued strong expansion and investment. It can be seen that the business management has a clear and transparent system, coupled with the quality of management from the production process in both the factory and the life stock. In addition, the Company has established a continuous distribution base and distribution capability, as well as strong branding, making Betagro's brand known both domestically and internationally. As can be seen from the fact that meat products have been very successful in Hong Kong. Later, it expanded its market to Singapore and achieved good growth. This makes it possible to continuously create the value of the product at the same time. The Company plans to adjust its product strategy and distribution channels. The company believes that it can manage gross profit margin at 16-18% while managing sales management expenses (SG&A) at 11-12% and is ready to continue investing about 4.7 billion baht this year. It is hoped that it will be able to achieve the ability to create products throughout the value chain while expanding distribution channels to more countries such as Cambodia and Myanmar. IT ALSO FOCUSES ON R&D TO IMPROVE PRODUCTS TO HAVE MORE VALUE BY ALLOCATING PRODUCTS TO SELL IN MORE VALUE-ADDED CHANNELS AS WELL. He said that the expansion of the upstream agriculture business will increase the production capacity this year to 4.4 million tons. At present, the production capacity is about 4 million tons per year. As for the midstream business, there will not be much expansion. However, sales of cooked goods for export and domestic products are expected to expand by about 13% this year due to the ability to use more production lines. As for the pet food business, the Company plans to invest in increasing its production capacity by approximately 1 times from this year to 47 thousand tons per year, which will bring the production capacity to 950 thousand tons per year. However, the proportion of revenue from the swine business continues to grow, which will play a role in profitability in the long run. In addition, the Company plans to adjust the proportion of revenue from the ready-to-eat business continuously every year. In the next 3 years, it is expected to account for nearly 10% from the current 5.1% of Bualuang Asset Management's total revenue. It said in its analysis that although the net profit forecast for 2023 has been revised down again due to the announcement of the company's gross margin target for 2023, it is likely to decline sharply. As a result, the 2023 net profit estimate fell by 13% to 6.43 billion baht, driven by the recent sharp drop in Thai pork prices. It is associated with the increased supply of bootleg pigs. Thai chicken prices recently fell sharply and export prices are likely to decline slightly this year, but growth is expected to come from the total sales volume that tends to increase from the previous year, which will be supported by capacity expansion of at least 10% for all businesses.
The state has refused to crack down on "unsafe tourism" in Chinese tourists.|The government, the Department of Tourism, the Ministry of Tourism are ready to publicize accurate information to "Chinese tourists" after the trend of unsafe travel in the Chinese social world on March 23, 2023. Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha said. The Prime Minister has ordered that The Minister of Tourism and Sports is responsible for informing the media. Especially in the case of fake news that happened. The Director-General of the Department of Tourism said that since the People's Republic of China opened the country to Chinese tourists to travel abroad. The Department of Tourism has been preparing to accommodate Chinese tourists, as well as finding solutions to prevent and solve problems that may arise, together with government agencies, the private sector, and related networks.SPONSORED Recently, the Department of Tourism has discussed with Mrs. Pan Jin, Deputy Ambassador to the Consular Department of the People's Republic of China, about various guidelines and measures to accommodate tourists of both countries, which plan to implement a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for cooperation. In order to more concretely regulate the tourism industry between the two sides, the Department of Tourism has asked the Chinese government to promote the choice of legal travel agencies to prevent scams, which will be protected by law. Safety alert signs and leaflets are prepared in Chinese, as well as advice to Chinese tourists to use the service in their establishments. Restaurants or tour buses Tour boats that are certified by Thai tourism standards, in addition to these operators having a legal license. Tourists are assured of a standard of service. Prevent misbehavior and lead to safety in travel, especially when buying gem and jewelry products. From a store that has been approved by a government agency. In order to prevent scams or unfair treatment of undervalued tours and the problem of conducting tours as camouflage agents or nominees, the Department of Tourism will establish a cooperation mechanism. Exchange clues and documents about the illegal activities of travel agencies and tourism personnel, and support the crackdown on illegal activities that have disrupted tourism. If any travel agency does not renew its license, the list will be excluded. Before handing over the List of Tour Operator Companies (Partner Companies) to the relevant authorities for use in checking the list of legitimate travel agencies and promoting Chinese tourists to buy tours with the listed tour companies, the Chinese government is also asked to advise Chinese tourists to buy quality tours. Have a legal travel business license Don't buy tours that are lower than the cost or cheaper compared to similar tour programs. Don't be fooled into booking too cheap a year-long tour or charging extra after booking and having to pay a full deposit because of the risk of being scammed and not being able to actually take the tour. The Chinese government is willing to cooperate in conducting a rigorous investigation. If the Chinese are found, they are causing problems for the tourism industry of both sides. In addition, the Department of Tourism has discussed the case of online sharing in China. That it is not safe to visit Thailand. Mrs. Pan Jin, Deputy Consular Advisor of the People's Republic of China Let the Department of Tourism rest assured, because the Chinese government includes Chinese tourists who have visited Thailand. We will urgently correct any misunderstandings in this regard, as this information is untrue and damages the image of Thailand very much today. The Department of Tourism integrates with both public and private sector networks. Continuously raise and develop the quality standards of tourism products and services. In addition, there is an exchange of information and public relations for Chinese tourists to know and understand the law. Sponsored would like to assure the Chinese government and Chinese tourists that Thailand is a safe country, focuses on quality tourism standards, and is ready to welcome Chinese tourists and tourists from all over the world. It will definitely make tourists come back to visit Thailand again.
JASIF price falls heavily After the news flow, there is a liquidity problem, the broker recommends selling, not a worthwhile investment.|The Stock Exchange of Thailand reports. Investment Unit Price Movement of Infrastructure Fund for The Future of Thailand The price fell 8.44% to 7.05 baht on the back of the news that TTTBBBB, JASIF's only fiberglass cable tenant, demanded payment due to liquidity issues.  Mr. Kitpan Pripaisankit Director of Analytics and Strategist UOB Kay Hian (Thailand) JASIF's request for payment reflects the ongoing competition among home internet operators, which has affected investors' confidence that if tenants have long-term financial problems, they may not be able to pay unitholders in the future. However, in the view of the company, whether there is a financial problem for the tenant or not. However, in terms of investment, it may not be a worthwhile investment, as the estimated annual return is about 0.92 per year. For the remaining 8 years, the return will be approximately 7.36 baht, compared to the current price of 7.05 baht. In terms of investment advice, investors should avoid investing in JASIF or if they are stuck at a very high price level such as 10 baht and 11 baht, they may have to consider selling out to find a new investment that will generate better returns.
Thai stocks today, March 23, 2023, ended the morning up 6.61 points, the index was at 1,591 points.|Thai Stocks Today At the close of the morning, the index was up 6.61 to 1,591.69. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 23, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose 6.61, a change of 0.42%, to 1,591.69. The turnover was 26,227.74 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Broadband Internet Infrastructure Fund; Jasmine 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 4. SCB X Public Company Limited 5. PTT Public Company Limited.
Russia prepares to use yuan Trade in Asia, Africa and Latin America Backing China, dear friends, beams dollar power.|At a meeting between Russia and China in Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that he would be joining the U.S. House of Representatives. Russia's Putin announced during the meeting that Russia would support China's 'yuan' as the main currency for transactions between Asia, Africa and Latin America after President Xi Jinping's two-day visit to Russia. On March 21, a meeting between President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin was held. Putin sent a clear signal to the West that it wants to counterbalance the United States and its allies. The joint statement announcing the cooperation between the two leaders was significant in calling on leaders to accelerate the process of building a multipolar world order in international cooperation, with the two leaders signing a total of 14 economic agreements covering the expansion of bilateral trade. Energy and Food Security Cooperation Development of railways and other cross-border logistics infrastructure, scientific cooperation to joint television production. President Vladimir Putin also mentioned the 'yuan currency'. China's currency in the context of Russian investment in developing countries "Russia wants to support the use of the Chinese yuan to trade with countries. IN ASIA, AFRICA AND LATIN AMERICA, WE ARE CONFIDENT THAT CHINA'S YUAN-DENOMINATED FORM OF PAYMENT WILL CONTRIBUTE TO THE JOINT DEVELOPMENT BETWEEN RUSSIA AND ITS THREE REGIONAL TRADING PARTNERS." Two-thirds of the trade agreement between the two countries was paid with a visit to Moscow. They have made their position clear on a number of issues. In particular, distrust of the U.S. by declaring the yuan as Russia's international currency. It will strengthen the dominance of the U.S. dollar, which remains the dominant currency for transactions and maintain supremacy in the global financial system, in line with Beijing's goal of pushing the yuan into a currency that contributes to the global economic and political system. The yuan currently ranks fourth after the euro, yen and pound sterling. It is also possible to mitigate the impact of pressure on Russia's financial and economic system. Last year, China's imports from Russia amounted to 763.75 billion yuan, or $110.89 billion. China, as Russia's major trading partner during international sanctions over Ukraine aggression, will also help promote the revival of trade and cooperation between the regions, according to CNBC, CNN.  
Beko aims for 40% growth in 2023, doubling sales in the premium market segment|Beko aims for 40% growth in 2023, doubling sales in the premium market and doubling its investment. Expanding business growth in Thailand Mr. Ariel Atakul Regional Director, Asia Pacific Beco Thai Co., Ltd. said that Beko is a global brand of home appliances and consumer electronics. Under the latest Arcelik company We are celebrating our 8th anniversary in Thailand and we aim to strengthen our business in 2023, launching our first Southeast Asia marketing campaign with the Close to Nature for Good Health campaign, introducing HarvestFresh and NutriFreeze innovations in Beco refrigerators. Tanchanok A beautiful female health influencer. Boko has also launched the 2023 summer promotion as part of its 8th year of travel, giving Beco's customers the opportunity to win a free flight to Austria and the Czech Republic. NeoFrost refrigerators in the same year received a lot of positive feedback from Thai customers. Thailand After that, in 2018-2019, the Eat Like A PRO campaign was launched to promote good health in children, as well as provide knowledge and access to good nutrition for SPONSORED youth. Beco continues to develop innovative technologies for the health of consumers. And focus on continuously empowering the new generation through many marketing strategies and campaigns that will be seen soon. Director of Domestic Commercial Trade Beco Thai Co., Ltd. said that beco's business overview in Thailand The launch of HarvestFresh refrigerators has led to a growth of over 54% in 2020 and a further 35% growth thanks to the successful launch of the AquaTech front-load washing machine the following year. Thailand like Bebe However, throughout 8 years of travel in Thailand. Beco has also developed products and other technological innovations that cover daily life to promote good health for Thai people, such as Bean to Cup coffee machine, corner wash dishwasher, as well as Rapidry dryer. Director of Marketing and Product Planning Asia Pacific Region Beco Thai Co., Ltd. said that after we launched the presenter, Bebe Tanchanok In the past 65 years, we have received positive feedback from the market, which has launched a new commercial film for Beco. Starring Bebe To offer HarvestFresh and NutriFreeze technology in refrigerators by Beco that helps maintain nutrient value for longer. Under the concept of Close to nature for good health, it is the second collaboration between Beco and Mr. Bebe. The concept of this commercial film was inspired by the popularity of health care in today's society.
SCBAM expands its customer base to 1 million and launches new products to push AUM to grow continuously|Mr. Narongsak Freemeechai Chief Executive Officer SCB Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SCBAM) revealed that the key to SCBAM's next S-Curve growth is to expand the number of clients with plans to increase the number of clients to 1 million within 2 years from the current 700,000. From the current 1.61-1.62 trillion baht. By expanding distribution channels through banks, independent sales agents, and providing services through applications. This will put pressure on industry competition at the same time. The company expects to have a slight growth of around 3-5% this year as bonds are easier to sell and are familiar assets to customers. With rising market returns, it is easy to sell low-risk products in large numbers. however If in the second half of the year the Thai stock market improves, there will be growth in all product groups for concerns about the acquisition of Credit Suisse Bank (CS) of SCBAM, which has been shared on social media. The Company has a fund called SCBOPPA, managed by a foreign asset management company that specializes in investing in the bond market, which has the highest proportion of investment in CS shares at only 1.8% of the total fund value, while other funds invest only 0.1%. This is a very low ratio compared to other funds and is within the risk range that can be accepted according to the investment policy. The company plans to become one of the top four companies by 2033 or the next 10 years, which is to continuously generate stable returns for investors and to have channels and products that will help meet the needs of different customers more appropriately and fully. As well as being a leader in the use of new technologies to create management innovations and enhance the work environment that creates learning opportunities for employees. SUPPORTING LONG-TERM GROWTH SPONSORED Mrs. Nandmanus Piamthipmanus Chief Executive Officer Investment Line Unveiled its investment strategy that the company will continuously drive and develop its investment model through technology. The "Quantamental Investing" method will enable the Company to expand its investment universe and create or adjust its investment portfolio according to its intended objectives. In terms of risks and rewards from this strategy, the Company considers that the cost of the technology infrastructure used in processing and data is worthwhile compared to the increased number of securities and subsequent investment opportunities. The company started issuing funds managed by Machine Learning for 5 years, starting from investing in the Thai market and expanding directly into Chinese stocks. The number of investors interested in investing in machine learning has been steadily increasing. Chief Executive Officer He added that the company aims to expand the market by offering products for large customers by establishing private asset funds that invest only in asset classes such as private equity, private credit and private real estate/infrastructure in companies where growth is attractive. Before listing on the stock market We also increase investment opportunities in other types of funds such as hedge funds. For retail customers, at the same time, there are also plans to increase the types of e-class and SSF e-class investment units that have been called for the opening of investment units continuously. Recently, the Company has 80 e-class investment units and SSF e-class with an asset value of more than 2,000 million baht. Along with expanding its customer base through more partner channels, including independent sales representatives, which is now part of the good performance over the past year. The company will use technology to develop the SCBAM Fund Click application to provide investment advice and comprehensive services. To help strengthen the growth of the number of customers. From the direct investment with the company, Mrs. Pinsuda Phuviphadavarn Chief Planning, Technology and Operations Officer Said: "Bringing technology to drive the organization towards sustainability is essential and challenging. In a digital world with many innovative options to choose from. Internet usage and large amounts of data, coupled with hybrid models, as well as the intensification of cyber threats. As a result, traditional cybersecurity is no longer sufficient, with the company having the ability to prepare and respond to cyber threats in accordance with the strategic plan to move towards a new era of digital enterprise. The company has implemented AI systems to enhance the capability to detect threats and leaks of personal information, as well as to control technology risks with the GRC Framework, along with regular training on cyber threat response plans. To prepare to be able to work continuously.
Thai stocks today, March 23, 2023, ended the afternoon up 8.57 points, the index was at 1,593 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 8.57. The index is at 1,593.65. Turnover 49,431.84 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) today on March 23, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose by 8.57 percent. Change 0.54% The index is at 1,593.65. The index peaked at 1,598.59. The index is at a low of 1,577.70. The turnover was 49,431.84 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. CP All Public Company Limited 2. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 3. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 4. Broadband Internet Infrastructure Fund 5. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
The situation remains fragile, the Fed raised interest rates by only 25bps but did not cut them this year.|The Fed decided to raise interest rates by 0.25%, while the Dots Plot at the end of 2023 was unchanged, the Federal Reserve raised its policy rate by 0.25% at its March 2023 monetary policy meeting and signaled that it had not finished raising rates despite the risk of exacerbating the banking crisis, which has affected global markets by the Fed. The Federal Open Market Committee voted unanimously to raise the target for the Federal Policy Rate to 4.75% to 5%, the highest since September 2007, the period before the financial crisis, delaying the rate hike to 0.25% for the second time after a 0.5% hike in November. The Fed board predicted (according to the Fed Dot Plot) that interest rates would end in 2023 at around 5.1%, unchanged from the median from the previous forecast in December. As 2024 rose to 4.3% from 4.1%SPONSORED, the Fed's outlook was not much changed and was not concerned about the situation, the Fed said. The U.S. banking system is stable and flexible, but turmoil in financial institutions is likely to result in tighter lending conditions. For households and businesses, it will affect economic activity. If the situation worsens, the Fed may not raise interest rates as expected in terms of inflation. The minutes of the meeting brought a statement that inflation had eased. In the previous meeting, leave the report and replace it with Inflation remains high, but it says further tightening of monetary policy may still be appropriate. Instead of the previous one, which said interest rates would continue to rise. However, the Fed will raise interest rates until inflation slows down on balance sheet shrinking, also known as quantitative tightening. It left a monthly maximum ceiling of $60 billion for bonds and $35 billion for mortgage-backed securities, leaving the instruments expired without issuing new ones to replace the market response after the results of the stock market meeting responded positively. The Fed's decision to raise interest rates to 0.25% means that the Fed is becoming more concerned about the economy and must end the rate hike earlier than previously expected. However, the market later turned back into negative territory. After Governor Jerome Powell's speech He stressed that if the Fed needed to continue raising interest rates aggressively to combat inflation, the Fed would, and it did not see enough reason to cut rates later this year. Finance Minister Janet Yellen He told the council that the agency does not have a policy to increase the value of deposit insurance. Negatively impacting banking stocks The S&P 500 and NASDAQ hit 1% intraday highs before closing down -1.6%. While the terminal rate rose to 5.2% at the end of the trading day, we see the Fed sending a dovish signal behind concerns about a slowdown in the economy and confidence in the banking sector. As a result, the Fed needs to reduce the heat and excessive optimism of the market. As a result, we think that the market may return to volatility. We also see this round of market adjustment as an opportunity to accumulate growth stocks and technologies, which are aware of rising interest rate concerns and are not affected by the turmoil in the financial sector. We recommend gradually accumulating growth stocks such as TMB-ES-GCG and technology equity funds such as ES-USTECHSPONSORED. Introducing growth stocks together with ES-GDIV, a group of businesses that investors are interested in during uncertain economic situations, and also helps diversify the portfolio.
Don't forget to check. Tomorrow, "oil prices" gasohol will rise by 50 st. Diesel down 50 sat.|Announcement of "fuel price" in gasohol and Hi Premium 97 group by 50 baht/liter Diesel Parts Reduced by 50 st./litre Effective from 05.00 am tomorrow (24 March) on 23 March 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price increase of 50 satang/litre for all gasohol and Hi Premium 97 products. For diesel group Reduced by 50 satang/litre Effective from 05.00 am on March 24, 2023, the new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.35 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.08 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.04 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.49 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.24 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
Xspring Asset Management gave Thai stocks a 1,730-point range after the election with a 10% upside.|Xspring Asset Management sees the thai stock index at the end of 2023 at 1,730 points. After the election, there is a 10% chance of upside to penetrate institutional and millionaire funds, aiming for AUM to reach 150 billion on March 24, 2023. XSpring Asset Management Co., Ltd., or XSpring AM, said: The company has returned to give more weight to its investment in the Thai stock market than the international stock market. In the short term, the SET Index is at 1,520-1,5801 points, while the SET Index at the end of 2023 is at 1,730 points. The Thai stock market has been positive, with tourists continuing to increase. With the announcement of the official election on May 14, 2023, the Thai stock market has been quite receptive to such issues. We believe that after the election, there is no point in affecting the outcome of the election. Thai stocks in the 3-6 months after the election will rally will have an upside of approximately 100%. The chances of fund flows returning to the Thai stock market increased rather than into the bond market, so investors can gradually invest in quality stocks." Focus on airlines, hotels, hospitals, consumers, and Thai stocks that are suitable for election include communications, construction, industrial estates. For the management of XSpring Asset Management, the Company has set a target of assets under management or AUM this year, confident that it has the potential to grow to the level of 12-15 billion baht, or more than 10% from the previous year. From the end of 2022, the growth rate of 9.3 billion baht will be focused on the largest proportion of private funds growth, as it believes that there will be more opportunities to penetrate wealthy customers and private funds of institutions such as savings cooperatives and universities. 10-12 piles would be a bit tricky, but in terms of private funds, we can do it more flexibly. At the expiration of the contract of each place, we can compete, and there are many places that we are in the process of offering to manage, such as universities." In addition, the Company plans to launch a new fund to meet the needs of high-wealth clients, which will be a pile with a special investment structure than conventional mutual funds. In addition to the asset management sector, the company has also set asset targets under investment advice or AUA this year to grow to the level of 3-4 billion baht. From the end of last year, it was 300 million baht. This marks the start of its second year after the company had just started its investment advisory business in November 2018. The company plans to add 40 investment advisors from the existing 16, increase the number of independent investment advisors from the current 10 to 50, as well as increase the number of asset management partners from 4 to 20 companies from the current 16 to increase the investment process for investors to be more diversified.
Petrol Prices Today 23 Mar 2023 Latest fuel price updates from 4 gas stations|"Oil Prices Today" 23 Mar 23, 2023 Updated prices of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per liter on March 23, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 34.85 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 34.58 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 32. 54 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 32.99 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 44.74 baht/liter High Diesel B20S at 33.94 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.94 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 43.16 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 42.14 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.94 baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.94 Baht/liter Petrol at 42.66 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 34.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 34.58 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 34.58 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 34.58 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 32.58 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 32.85 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 34.58 BAHT/litre SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/litre SPONSORED AT 34.58 BAHT/litre GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL E20 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE GASOHOL 91 AT 34.58 BAHT/LITRE SPONSORED. 54 baht/liter Gasohol E85 at 32.99 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.34 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 35.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 35.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 44.64 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 34.24 Baht/liter 4.24 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 45.14 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 32.54 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 34.58 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 34.85 baht/litre Diesel at 33.94 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.94 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 44.64 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 44.26 Baht/litre.
The opposition to the end of hot-rolled AD, the Industrial Council-Academics-Local Leaders join forces!|MPs, academics, local leaders Agreed to oppose the Anti-Dumping Committee chaired by Jurin Lakvisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce. After considering the same day, the anti-dumping (AD) measures for steel products in 5 countries dumped may even lead to business closures. Unemployed Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman, Federation of Thai Industries He continued to oppose the draft results of the AD inquiry because the consideration did not comply with the spirit of Section 57 of the Anti-Dumping and Subsidy Act on foreign goods, as well as the guidelines for consideration of the measures not in accordance with the clarifications of the Department of Foreign Trade publicly regarding the consideration of the renewal of the measures. Goods from China and Malaysia also hit the market at 17.86% and 4.72%, respectively, which will have a definite impact if further measures are not taken. China, in particular, has seen a steady increase in exports to Thailand. In 2021, exports to Thailand increased by more than 270% from 2017, and China still has a production capacity of more than 170 million tons. IN 2021, CHINA AND MALAYSIA EXPORTED MORE THAN 1.68 MILLION TONNES OF STEEL TO THE ASEAN REGION, ACCOUNTING FOR 32.16% OF ALL EXPORTS OF HOT-ROLLED STEEL PRODUCTS, DEMONSTRATING ASEAN'S MAIN TARGET OF DUMPING. Consider reconsidering the results of the renewal of AD measures for hot-rolled steel products in all 5 countries. The domestic hot-rolled steel industry would definitely have to shut down, affecting direct employment of more than 3,500 people and continuing employment of more than 4,000 people. Prof. Tajmai Riksasut, Faculty of Law, Chulalongkorn University, commented on the guidelines for considering the renewal of AD measures under Section 57 of the Anti-Dumping Act. It is a consideration of the "tendency" to cause dumping and damage to be restored. Therefore, there is no need to find dumping and only damage. This is a guideline used by WTO member states to review the use of AD. Mr. Somchai Panthong, Vice President of The Kamnan Chiefs Association of Thailand/Chairman of Kamnan Club Chief of Prachuap Khiri Khan and Bang Saphan districts and Mr. Wichian Ketngam The Vice President of the NRA agreed that the measures It has a serious negative impact on quality of life. Economic system employment The income of the people in Prachuap Khiri Khan province is definitely because the main hot-rolled steel producer of Thai people is Sahawiriya Steel Group, which has a production base in the area. Bang Saphan district for at least 30 years, helping to stimulate the economy. Employment available It generates a lot of income for the people. Alone relies on agriculture in the lowland areas. The price of agricultural products fluctuates all the time, especially the price of coconut, which is the main crop of Prachuap Khiri Khan farmers. He urged the government to reconsider measures to import hot-rolled steel from abroad and promote Thai industrial enterprises as well as promote coconut crops as the country's main economic crop. To create the best price security and stability.
S.A.T.A.T. "Electricity Bill" Period Jan-Aug 2023 4.77 Baht for all groups of electricity users|Mr. Isares Rattanadilok, Vice Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) He said the MINISTRY had asked the government about the management of electricity, which is considered a basic utility of the country that affects all households as well as being an important input of the business sector, which is accelerating recovery during the global economic slowdown and fierce competition at the national level. At 4.77 baht for all groups of electricity users as follows: 1 Assumptions for calculating electricity bills that do not meet the needs 1.1 Automatic variable electricity (FT) monthly period. This January-April, we use the assumption of the period when electricity consumption is at its peak during periods when global energy costs and the baht fluctuate. As a result, the cost of electricity increased by 13% from 4.72 to 5.33 baht/unit. May-Aug Instead, it was found that it was a period when the world's energy costs fell, including the strengthening of the baht due to the slowdown in U.S. interest rates. Instead, the government opted for the month's numerical assumptions. In January, the number of electricity purchases from the private sector decreased. Any projects at the end of this government's term, such as green power projects totaling 5,203 MW and approval for the purchase of an additional 3,668 MW. Hurry up. In spite of this, several private individuals are filing for protection from administrative courts, hydropower projects from neighboring countries. 3. Structural and policy problems such as higher costs of electricity such as ready-to-pay (PA) of power plants, other hidden costs or the proportion of electricity generation of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) are only 30% of the total capacity, while the proportion of private production, including imports, is up to 70%, etc. While many private power plants have profitable turnovers".
NETA V exports large lots to Thailand's electric car market|Mr. Bao Zhuangfei, General Manager, Neta NETA AUTO, a manufacturer of 100% electric vehicles from China. It revealed that the electric vehicle market in Thailand has grown rapidly in recent years. While the brand The importation of NETA V is a large lot of chips of more than 3,600 units from Guangzhou Port, China, to Thailand to meet the needs of customers who have previously booked our electric vehicles and during the Bangkok Motor Show 2023, which will start delivering at the beginning of the month. "Neta is dedicated to creating innovative electric vehicles that everyone can own, in line with the global mission of creating equitable access to technology for all. In the past year, Neta has started a business journey in the international market with Thailand as its first target to reach countries in the ASEAN region. As well as meeting the growing demand for electric vehicles by users around the world. Export of more than 3,600 units of 100% electric vehicles to the Thai market In addition to exporting the highest number of electric vehicles produced by Chinese start-ups. It also reflects the next step forward in Neta's international action plan."
The Department of Internal Trade prepares 22 intensive management measures.|Mr. Wattanasak Tiger Iam The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade revealed that the department is preparing to move forward with proactive fruit management measures in 2023. After Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, approved 22 proactive fruit management measures in 2023, more than half of which are already prepared and can be implemented immediately. When fruits go to market The projected output this year will reach 6.78 million tonnes. The plan aims to support at least 700,000 tonnes of upfront production, "ensuring that this year continues to be another golden year for Thai fruits. As for the drought problem that may affect agricultural products, it is believed that relevant agencies can definitely cope"For the measures that the Department will implement is the "Om Koi Model", which has been successful in the past few years. The company has a target of 100,000 tons, divided into 90,000 tons of fruit output outside the production area. And encourage the vending car to buy the fruit and sell it directly to consumers during the period of 30,000 tons of fruit. Convenience stores and gas stations Launched a 100,000-ton fruit drainage area and organized a Thai fruit consumption campaign, the Fruit Festival in tourist attractions, and supported the free loading of 20 kg of fruit for a total of 42,000 tons. Through Thailand Post Co., Ltd., a total of 300,000 boxes equal to 2022, and helped train and educate farmers and farmers on online trade to sell directly to consumers, including basic export courses. Aim for at least 2,500 cases.
"GDH" Open 4 stories! Entering the Mega Market Thailand's film revenue is expected to reach 3 billion this year.|GDH expects total revenue in the film industry this year to reach 3 billion baht. Growth from 2022 with revenue of 2,128 million baht GDH revenue target increased to 510 million baht 4 films, 1 series, preparing to enter the American-European market If successful, it will push the revenue past 1,000 million baht. In 2–3 Next year, Ms. Gina Osotsin Chief Executive Officer of GDH 559 Co., Ltd. revealed that he is confident that the overall revenue of the film industry or movies released in Thai cinemas this year will reach 3,000 million baht. From 2022, the total revenue was 2,128 million baht. Revenue from foreign films is 1,700 million baht and Thai films are 414 million baht. There were 40 Thai films released in theaters, but the revenue recovery is far from the pre-COVID 2019 revenue of 4,600 million baht. GDH alone had revenue of 504 million baht, up 95% from 2021, although the business has not fully recovered from COVID-19. Meanwhile, it had a profit of 58.5 million baht. Based on the success of the blockbuster film Buppasan Niwas 2, which grossed 392 million baht nationwide and gained popularity abroad, Vietnam topped the all-time highest-grossing film at U.S. $3.2 million (100.8 million baht). "Fortunately, GDH has never lost money, although the COVID-19 pandemic has helped us, but there is revenue from the sale of rights to help, especially from Netflix that buys all GDH movies, and sees that in the future, the revenue from the sale of rights and the share of revenue from films that are released abroad will grow even more," Ms. Gina said, adding that the revenue target for 2023 has increased from 65 million baht to 510 million baht. Under the plan to release 4 new films. "You and Me and Me" at the beginning of the year earned 60 million baht nationwide. Despite missing the target, it was well received by the international market. As for the rest of the year's lineup, there are plans to release 3 more films starting from April 6. It is believed to have received good feedback, especially in Indonesia, which is a huge market and loves horror movies. In addition, the movie "House for rent... sacrifice" is also the starting point for bringing GDH movies to the American and European markets seriously through joint ventures with partners like N8 Studio. When asked if there are any plans to bring GDH into the stock market. Ms. Gina admitted to having such an idea. "At present, Thai films are already pinned in ASEAN, while the Asian market, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea, Japan are temporary, with competition in the North Asian market being quite high, and Thai films are very small productions compared to films in those countries, such as some Korean films with production limits of 800 million baht or more, compared to GDH's investment, which this year is expected to be 150-200 million baht." In addition to "House for rent...sacrifice", November 2023 The film concludes the year with Project D, a film that has not yet been named but is a giant project because it is the first collaboration of "PP Kris" and "Ingfa Varaha", as well as the series "DELETE" that makes Netflix 1 film, as well as a remastered project of "My Girlfriend" for the 20th anniversary. "The main problem of the Thai film business is that the new generation does not enter the cinema because of the behavior of watching through mobile screens or at home, especially in the era when streaming platforms are very widespread. GDH's big challenge is to encourage more young people to enter the cinema for a better taste. Although GDH has been able to expand its channels to sell rights endlessly, attracting viewers to the cinema is a priority for 'commercial art' makers like GDH. It has attracted a new generation of directors who believe that the film will be more relevant to the younger generation than to work with GDH."
Yamaha Offensive Motor Show|Mr. Tatsuya Nozaki Thai Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Chief Executive Officer revealed that the Bangkok Motor Show 2023, which is currently being held until April 2 at Challenger Hall, is the venue for 2023. IMPACT Muang Thong Thani Yamaha has organized a state-of-the-art vehicle to meet the needs of consumers. YAMAHA Community of PRIDE-Community that reflects pride in the uniqueness of its customers and showcases state-of-the-art prototypes and modern technologies. This year's booth design comes under the concept of "YAMAHA Community of PRIDE", reflecting the pride of Yamaha customers. Combining innovation that is ready to move towards a sustainable future Strengthen the brand according to the philosophy of "Kando" and "5 Unique Styles" Yamaha's unique way of life and the brand's direction this year's concept is "Restart & Revs Up" to allow customers to start living and creating exciting new experiences again. After the COVID-19 pandemic, Yamaha remains focused on developing cutting-edge innovations and delivering product value. The prototype vehicles that have been developed and ready to transfer technology to produce future products are on display.
China also reigns as the champion of Thai condo transfers.|Mr. Vichai Viratkapan Acting Director, Real Estate Information Center In 2022, the company revealed that there were 11,561 units, an increase of 41%, totaling 59,261 million baht. 49.2% increase with a total ownership transfer area of 530,430 square meters (sq.m.) This represents a 49.3% increase in foreign ownership transfers in 2022. The highest number of foreign buyers remained Chinese with 5,707 units transferred, followed by Russia with 813 units, the United States with 542 units, the British with 393 units, France with 351 units, and the top five cumulative ownership transfers being China, Russia, Britain, the U.S. and Germany, respectively. As for the value of the transfer of ownership of the condominium to the Chinese. It has a maximum value of 29,038 million baht. Russia 2,682 million baht, Myanmar 2,551 million baht, the United States 2,389 million baht and France 1,912 million baht. It is worth noting that Burmese people have the highest cumulative transfer value of condominium units in the top five. Chinese ownership transfers of condominium units, although the highest in 2021, decreased in proportion as a result of the shutdown. Europe and the U.S. And interestingly, the proportion of condominium ownership transfers has increased both in the number of units and the value significantly. Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam, as well as Malaysia, continue to buy Thai units, and once China fully reopens, it is believed that the market for condominiums for foreigners will grow again. The price level of the most popular foreign units will be in the range of 3-5 million baht. AREA 40-50 SQ.M.SPONSORED
Gold Price Gold Price Today 24 Mar 2023 Open Friday Morning Market Up 200 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Open Friday morning 24th Mar 2023 Up 200 baht for "gold bullion" price sold out 32,100 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,600 baht per baht. Baht 24 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.27 a.m., the price increased by 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 32,000 baht per baht. Baht 32,100 per baht "Gold jewelry" buys 31,426.68 baht per baht, sells out 32,600 baht. Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 pieces Buy 16,000 baht Sell out 16,050 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,713.34 baht Sell out 16,300 baht Gold price today 1 piece Gold bullion buy 8,000 baht Sell out 8,025 baht Gold jewelry 1 piece Buy 7,856.67 baht Sell out 8,150 baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 4,000 Baht Sell Out 4,012.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,928.335 Baht Sell Out 4,075 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
SCBAM says Asian economy is bright Recommend high-interest bond investment |Mr. Narongsak Freemeechai Chief Executive Officer SCB Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SCBAM) said the Federal Reserve has now announced a 0.25% rate hike and oil prices have not recovered. As a result, inflation and bond yields in the market in the next 3-6 months are expected to decline, as a result of the short-term recovery of the market during the bear rally market, which will be a positive factor for equity investment. Now is a good time to choose to invest in assets whose prices are falling for long-term investment, but if you look at the short-term picture, you will still see volatility due to uncertain events, including the Fed's rate hike will continue to put pressure on the market to be "down" but it is expected that inflation will not be able to remain high beyond 3Q23 and will restore investor confidence in the second half of the year. The overall recovery outlook for this year is expected to be better compared to the previous year. Investing in assets related to domestic consumption and tourism is attractive because the sector has more pricing power and profitable opportunities. Therefore, although the opening of the country will have a positive impact on airports and cargo groups based on basic needs, the spending of ordinary people will depend mainly on goods related to consumption and tourism. This will allow these groups to make better profits than expected. Chief Executive Officer The investment group added that the problem of volatility in the financial markets has arisen. Most of them come from developed markets such as the U.S. and Europe. Therefore, the market that gives a lot of investment weight is the Asian market. Because in addition to being far from the tremors of the crisis. Asian economies are still growing somewhat better than expected due to recession, which is not much of a concern for now. At the same time, it was supported by China's opening up, which contributed to the growth of the tourism and shopping sectors. HOWEVER, INVESTORS ARE ADVISED TO INVEST CASH IN RISKY ASSETS SUCH AS THE BOND MARKET, AS RETURNS INCREASE NOT ONLY FROM PRIVATE BONDS BUT ALSO GOVERNMENT BONDS. This, coupled with the Fed's inflation and interest rates, is likely to rise. Therefore, it is considered as a point to accumulate bonds and equity markets from the economic outlook, especially in the Thai stock market.
5 luxury credit cards with the highest credit limit in Thailand, how much money do you need to be able to hold them?|Credit cards have long been one of the most popular personal loans among Thais. Not only those who want to pay in installments. But millionaires and wealthy people also have credit cards, as cardholders can enjoy many benefits. Whether it's collecting points for redemption and getting cash back, the terms of each card will vary when it comes to "luxury credit cards". Of course, there will definitely be many benefits that are different from ordinary credit cards. It was found that in Thailand there are credit cards that provide a maximum limit of 5 times of income, which requires a minimum deposit or investment amount of 150,000,000 baht or more, that is, The Wisdom Visa Infinite credit card that is being talked about on social media today#ThairathMoney. How much money do I need to be able to hold it, what is the maximum limit, and how do I qualify for a card?1. The Wisdom Visa Infinite Credit Card Financial Institutions : Kasikorn Bank Card Type : Group Card, Visa Card (Infinite) Maximum limit : 5 times of unpaid interest income : 16% per annum Eligibility : Depositors with deposits and investments of 150 million baht or more and who are invited by the Bank onlySPONSORED2. KTC Credit Card - KTB Precious Plus Visa Infinite Financial Institution : Krungthai Card Public Company Limited Card Type : Group Card, Visa Card (Infinite)Maximum Credit Limit : 5 Times Unpaid Interest Income : 16% p.a. Eligibility : KTB Precious customers who have assets invested in the Bank of 50 million baht or more and are invited by the Bank only3. SCB Private Banking Credit Card Financial Institutions : Siam Commercial Bank Card Type : Group Card, Visa Card (Infinite)Maximum Limit : 2-5 Times of Unpaid Interest Income : 16% per annum Eligibility : Private customers with average deposits or investments of 50 million baht or more4. TTB reserve infinite Credit Card Financial institution : TMB Thanachart Bank Card Type : Group Card, Visa Card (Infinite) Maximum limit : Not exceeding 5,000,000 Baht Unpaid interest : 16% per annum Qualifications for applicants : Total deposits, investments, life insurance premiums, non-life insurance in the application year Average from 30 million baht For a period of not less than 6 months5. Bangkok Bank Visa Infinite Credit Card : Bangkok Bank Credit Card Type : General Credit Card, Visa Card (Infinite)Maximum Credit Limit : 2-5 times of Unpaid Interest Income : 16% per annum Eligibility : Customers who have been invited by the Bank as customers with an average deposit amount of 10 million baht or more for a period of not less than 6 months
Bank of Thailand joins 4 ASEAN neighbors Nexus system development helps 500 million people Transfer money across borders in seconds|Bank of Thailand (BOT) with The Banks of Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Singapore, together with the BIS Innovation Hub Singapore Centre, have agreed to jointly develop a Nexus system that connects the instant payment systems of each country in a multilateral manner. But most often it only applies to domestic money transfer transactions. International remittances are mostly slow. Therefore, the Nexus system is an innovation that solves this problem. By linking the payment systems of many countries together and having the standards to support them, transactions are simplified. Reduce time and cost when trials and developments are completed. This is in line with the spirit of the Memorandum of Understanding on Regional Payment Connectivity signed by the five ASEAN countries in November 2022 and will gradually expand to other countries. To further expand the scope of the project to other regions besides Southeast Asia.
A total of 3 debentures of famous companies will be offered for sale in March. The general public can also invest. |The private bond market remains popular with investors. With the advantage of higher returns than deposits and regular interest payments. Today, Thairath Money has compiled bonds of major Thai companies that are ready for general investors to buy in March. This company Thai Cement Public Company Limited Debentures Thai Cement Public Company Limited No. 1/2023 Due 2027 Debenture Period : 3 years, 11 months and 29 days Offering value : 15,000 million Baht Interest: Interest paid at 3.10% p.a. Risk Level: A+ By Fitch Ratings Offering : General Public Issue Date : 3 Apr 2023 Maturity Date: 1 Apr 2027 Subscription date 3-31 Mar Distributor : Bangkok Bank, Krungthai Bank, Bank of Ayudhya Kasikorn Bank Siam Commercial Bank Debenture Holder : Bank of Ayudhya, TPI Polyne Public Company Limited TPI Polyne Public Company Limited Debenture No. 1/2023 Due 2028 Debenture Period : 5 Years Offering Value : 5,000 Million Baht Interest: Interest paid at 3.90% p.a. Risk Level: A- By TRIS Offering : General Public Issue Date : 30 Mar 23 Due Date: 30 Mar 23 Due Date: 30 Mar 2023 Mar 2028Subscription date : 27–29 March Distributors: CIMB Thai Bank, Asia Plus Plc., Krungthai Xspring Plc., Yuanta Asset Management (Thailand), Maybank Kim Eng (Thailand), Krungsri Pattanasin Plc., Dao (Thailand), Pie Plc., KGI (Thailand), UOB Kay Hian (Thailand), Finansia Cyrus, Mersion Partners Plc., Globleck Plc., Philip Plc., CGS - CIMB (Thailand) Thanachart Plc. TMB Thanachart BankSPONSORED Debenture Holder: Bank of Ayudhya, B.Grimm Power Public Company Limited, subordinated debentures with capital-like characteristics, redemption upon dissolution of the Company, in which the issuer has the right to redeem the debentures early and has the right to defer interest payment without any conditions of B.Grimm Power Public Company Limited No. 1/2023 Debenture period : Lifetime Offering Value : 8,000 Million Baht Interest: Mixed interest rate, which is a fixed interest rate for the first 5 years of the debenture age and floating rate at maturity at the end of 5 years from the date of issuance of debentures onwards, starting from the issuance date until the end of the 5th year from the date of issuance, fixed interest rate of 5.75%. This March, bangkok bank distributor, kasikorn bank Siam Commercial Bank, Krungthai Bank, CIMB Thai Bank, Kiatnakin Phatra Asset Management, Bank of Ayudhya
UBS - Credit Suisse is being investigated by U.S. authorities after being found secretly helping Russian authorities. Avoid sanctions |After the Swiss government On March 23, foreign media reported that Credit Suisse and UBS banks were under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to investigate a case in which financial experts from both banks helped Russian authorities evade sanctions. The DOJ has sent subpoenas to employees of some major U.S. banks. Credit Suisse is in the process of being subpoenaed before UBS acquires UBS, and the DOJ's investigation is to investigate whether any of the bank's employees serving sanctioned customers, including those customers, have been investigated over the years, and after that the banker could be investigated further to determine if there has been a violation of the law. In the past, the DOJ has tried to pressure russian authorities through sanctions, asset seizures and criminal investigations to stop supporting President Vladimir Putin. The DOJ has previously charged the Russian billionaire. Oleg Deripaska last year Violations of sanctions using the U.S. financial system to preserve luxury real estate 3 ReferenceReuters, BloombergSPONSORED
What is a questionnaire? Wait for the officer to knock on the door.|The Department of Community Development will use it as a tool to monitor the quality of life of people with local government organizations to solve the basic problems of households and problems that cannot be solved at the household level. What is a test of the well-being of a household? The information is collected by a group of community leaders, volunteers from the sub-district administration committee and local administration organizations with the aim of improving the lives of themselves and their families to have a good quality of life through the basic necessities of the EPA. Short for "Basic Necessity Information", it was formed from the cabinet resolution of September 21, 1993, for all agencies involved in rural development to bring information. To be utilized in rural development planning at all levels. POLICYMAKING, GUIDELINES, AND PROJECT APPROVALS AND MONITORING OF RURAL DEVELOPMENT WITH SPONSORED INFORMATION WILL THEREFORE BE THE CENTRAL DATA OF THE COUNTRY. That measures the goals of poor households that lead to the management of community plans for local development in order to solve problems and improve the quality of life of people. In 2012-2016, the 11th National Economic and Social Development Plan had 5 categories and 30 indicators. The year 2017 is in the 12th National Economic and Social Development Plan (2017–2021). There are 5 indicators in 31 categories of indicators in 2023 during the 13th National Economic and Social Development Plan (2023–2027) as a measure of the data increased from NCPO 2C as follows: Section 1 Health has 12 indicators1. Quality antenatal care2. Newborns weighing 2,500 grams or more3. Newborns are breastfed only for at least the first 6 consecutive months4. Children from birth to 12 years of age are fully vaccinated against the disease according to the immunization schedule5. Children are properly cared for and developed.6. Households eat hygienic, safe and standardized food7. Households have the knowledge and self-defense to control risk factors that threaten well-being.8. Households can take care of themselves/members. When there is an initial illness9. People aged 6 years and over exercise at least 3 days a week, 30 minutes a day10. Bedridden patients receive care from their families, communities, the public sector or the private sector.11. People in the household have health/medical treatment rights and know the medical facility that uses the service according to the rights.12. People over the age of 35 receive an annual health check-up sponsored Category 2 Living Standards with 9 indicators1. Households are stable in housing. The house is durable and in a suitable environment.2. Households are managing their homes and receiving hygienic solid waste collection services.3. Households are not disturbed by pollution4. Households are properly protected and disaster preparedness5. Households are safe in life and property.6. Households have enough water for consumption and consumption throughout the year.7. Households have access to electricity and use electricity services8. Households access and use mobile phone and internet services9. Households accessing public transport Category 3 Education has 5 indicators1. Children under 6 years of age have health development. Learning and personality development according to age2. Children aged 6-15 years receive a compulsory education of 9 years3. The child finished the class. 3rd grade 4. Children who have completed 9 years of compulsory education who have not continued their studies and are not employed receive vocational training4. People aged 15-59 can read, write Thai, English or a third language and do simple maths.5. Children, Youth/Adults Having the necessary learning skills in the 21 century, Category 4 Economy, there are 4 indicators1. People aged 15-59 years have a career and income2. People over 60 years of age have a career and income3. Average household income per year4. Households have savings category 5, social protection and participation, there are 8 indicators1. Children born to 6 years of age whose household income is 100,000 baht per person 2. Government subsidies per year. Households with an average income of not more than 100,000 baht per person per year and members who meet the criteria of the State Welfare Card receive state welfare payments3. Households are protected by social protection systems and measures from the public sector and/or the private sector.4. The elderly are cared for by their families, communities, the public or private sectors.5. People with disabilities receive care from their families, communities, the public or private sectors in accordance with the Quality of Life Promotion Act. Disability Act 2007 and Amendment No. 2 2013. People aged 6 years and over Practice religious activities at least once a week8. Households participate in public activities for the benefit of the community or localSPONSORED1. In 1982, the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board (NESDB) granted the Department of Community Development a warrant. Ministry of Interior 2. Collect NCPO 2C data in 38 targeted provinces with 12,586 villages and expand in the coming years.2. In 1987, the Cabinet announced that it would collect NCPO 2C data every two years since 1990. Village 4. Year 1990 Data collection NCPO 2C Annex Emb. All villages according to cabinet resolution 58,057 villages5. In 1992, the NCPO 2C indicators were revised to be in line with the National Economic and Social Development Plan No. 76 of 1997-1998. Year 2002 Updated the questionnaire and data indicators of NCPO 2C to collect data during the National Economic and Social Development Plan No. 9 (2002–2006)1. 2. People know what quality of life they meet or don't meet 2. The government and the public sector are aware of household problems. Villages, subdistricts to jointly plan solutions 3. The private sector uses EGAT data to make management planning decisions to invest in business, the Director-General of the Department of Community Development said in a YouTube clip inviting EGAT to provide information to volunteers between January and April 2023. With 38 indicators to understand the public and volunteers. SPONSORED Local Leaders, Local Leaders The village committee is responsible for managing the data collection and providing volunteers to collect and facilitate the efficient storage of data. Anyone who has volunteered to request information before April 30, 2023 should cooperate. Answer the questionnaire Provide information to the authorities to be useful for planning for the further development of the nation.
Bank of Thailand joins hands with financial sector to take into account the environment|Thananthorn Mahapornprajak, Bank of Thailand during the previous year The Bank of Thailand has issued a direction document on the development towards environmental sustainability. Under the new landscape of the Thai financial sector, in February this year, additional policies were issued to allow financial institutions to operate with the environment in mind. Therefore, I would like to summarize the interesting points of this approach to you, the issue of environment and climate change is a global priority because the environmental impacts are intensifying and will bring risks to the economy as well as Thailand. Thailand is ranked among the world's top countries at risk of severe natural disasters. Therefore, the business sector needs to adapt to the impact and continue to operate the business sustainably. The financial sector, as an intermediary, allocates funds to the business sector. It is necessary to adjust the operation to take into account the environment as well. however Past operations in this regard have been different, and there is no impetus to accelerate them. TheRefore, the Bank of Thailand has established a clear and standardized policy for financial institutions' business operations with respect to the environment. The Bank of Thailand will establish a framework for the financial sector, especially banks and companies in the financial sector. It is used as a reference guideline for assessing environmental opportunities and risks and is integrated into integrated operations. From start to finish, the process follows the regulatory principles that correspond to the level of risk so that the financial sector has environmental financial products and services that meet the needs. Support the sector's adaptation to environmental sustainability in a concrete way. THIS INCLUDES ENHANCING THE FINANCIAL SECTOR'S OPERATIONS IN LINE WITH INTERNATIONAL SUSTAINABILITY STANDARDS, WHICH COVER THE FIRST FOUR SPONSORED AREAS. The corporate governance structure will be about the role of the Board of Directors and senior executives in driving environmental operations within the organization. The Board of Directors must give importance and participate in the formulation of key strategies or policies. Governance, including defining organizational units to drive environmental operations. Meanwhile, senior management must actively push forward and monitor the progress of policy implementation. Strategy formulation by incorporating environmental factors into the formulation of strategic plans and operational plans to lead to the adjustment of work processes that take into account opportunities and risks from environmental factors in a concrete way. Set goals and success indicators, such as setting environmentally friendly loan targets in a given time frame. Supporting the economy during the transition to environmental sustainability It provides environmental financial products and services such as sustainability bonds, third-side green loans. Risk management, which is the key to financial business operations by incorporating environmental risks in the risk management of the organization, such as risk management in accordance with the principles of control, supervision and audit. Establish regular environmental risk assessment policies and processes, as well as have tools to identify, assess, reduce, and monitor environmental risks. Fourth, the disclosure of environmental information that is up-to-date and in line with international standards in order to communicate and build confidence among stakeholders and the public about the guidelines and progress of environmental operations in a transparent manner. It will provide the financial sector with standard practices, or "rulers". It can be used as a reference for integrated business operations with better environmental considerations.
 Zipmex is still in lockdown after the media outside the news is preparing to go out of business because investors stopped supporting it.  There is not enough cash flow.|Report from The Block, a foreign crypto media outlet. Zipmex, Thailand's cryptocurrency exchange platform They are facing liquidity problems and are unable to pay salaries to employees. After reports that V Ventures Ltd., or V Ventures, was the main investor. The fourth round of capital payments has led to the possibility that the company will not be able to pay its employees within 30 days, affecting more than 100 employees and possibly leading to the process of liquidating Mr. Eklap Yimvilai. Zipmex Co. Ltd.'s chief executive officer and co-founder sent an email to Zipmex Technology's employees and a shareholder letter acknowledging the latest situation from the cessation of investor capital payments, saying that the agreement is approaching the $1.25 million fourth installment payment due on March 23, 2023, but the company has not received a response from investors. The default will affect the payment of salaries to more than 100 employees. Zipmex originally signed a $100 million or $3.4 billion deal. In exchange for a 90% stake in the company at the end of last year, however, Zipmex Thailand recently clarified via its Facebook page that the company is still operating as usual and if there is any progress, we will inform sponsored reference The Block. 
Jack Jackson Wang becomes 7-Eleven presenter to promote Thai food|Jack Jackson hopes to become 7-Eleven presenter Power Chu "Thai food charm that everyone loves"On March 24, 2023, Mr. Thappthep Jiraaditwong Senior Executive Vice President, CP All Public Company Limited or CPALL, Seven Executives Eleven and Seven Delivery said the covid outbreak has now eased. As a result, tourists from abroad have begun to travel more, with Thailand being one of the first destinations that tourists are interested in because of its beautiful natural resources. Warm weather It's also important to attract travelers from all over the world to visit our country. That is the charm of Thai food, unique and impresses everyone who tastes it. 7-Eleven is another tourist destination and a good host as a bridge between SME entrepreneurs and tourists from around the world in facilitating the introduction of Thai food for tourists to choose from in all areas. Especially during the upcoming festive season, 7-Eleven has partnered with the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) to launch the "Thai Charms that Everyone Loves" campaign. Thai fruits ready to eat a variety of dishes. It also introduces tourist attractions to attract tourists from all over the world to experience the charm of Thailand. 24-hour convenience, 7-Eleven has created a whole group of sweet and savory dishes, including more than 200 dishes. Fried chicken basil, boiled chicken, tom yum prawns, Thai desserts Thai fruits with products from SME operators at Seven Eleven has sponsored more than 1,000 programs, and the launch of a new presenter who loves Thainess is one thing that will help "Thai charm" to become famous all over the world. Jackson Wang, who loves Thai and Thai food. Inviting Thais and tourists to come and taste Thai food, we believe that bringing Jackson Wang as a presenter will make soft energy. In addition, the 7-Delivery service on 7App will help both Thai and foreign tourists to enjoy convenience. The order can be ordered to be delivered to the property. "We believe that we are entering a happy time. We, all Thais, are ready and capable of being good hosts. With a smile and determination. We are proud to be a part of driving and representing Thailand in welcoming both domestic and international tourists. We are welcome and ready to serve, meet our aspirations, create and share opportunities with each other."
Daily increase in "fuel price" gasohol by 40 baht / liter Diesel remains the same.|Gasohol and Hi Premium 97 fuel prices will increase by 40 baht/litre effective from 05.00 am tomorrow (25 March) on 24 March 2023. Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited (BCP) announced a price increase of 40 satang/litre for all gasohol and Hi Premium 97 products. For diesel group The new prices are as follows: GSH95S EVO at 35.75 baht/liter, GSH91S EVO at 35.48 baht/liter, GSH E20S EVO at 33.44 baht/liter, GSH E85S EVO at 33.89 baht/liter, Hi Premium 97 (GSH95++) at 45.64 baht/liter, Hi Diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter, Hi Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter, Hi Premium Diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter (excluding local maintenance tax in Bangkok).
How much opportunity does Apple see in the movie business? Breaking into Hollywood|Apple's investment signals after announcing plans to spend $1 billion a year or about 34.1 billion baht. Invest in making a movie to break into Hollywood Bloomberg Apple reports that it will co-produce with world-class studios and import it to thousands of theaters across the United States for at least a month, where originals or Apple original films are typically forced to be shown in small theaters or only on Apple TV+, with a list of finished films and queued for the Cannes premierere. 'Killers of the Flower Moon' starring Leonardo DiCaprio is also co-produced with legendary director Martin Scorsesi's film. Scheduled to be released on streaming alongside cinemas via Paramount this year after Apple's news broke, shares of major cinemas AMC (AMC), IMAX (IMAX) and Cinemark (CNK) rose 5%, 5% and 8.5%, respectively, in Thursday morning trading. No official details have been released from Apple. This is nothing new, as investments in original content production and filmmaking to the Hollywood industry have become another long-term revenue model for streaming providers such as Netflix, and Apple TV+ recently sent CODA, a feel-good film, to the Academy Awards for Best Picture in 2021. May is proving the potential of the company's streaming business again. Seeing the opportunities of the Post Covid era, the revival of the cinema business is also seeing the revival of sponsoredapple. Apple's original series and film production has been able to shake up netflix's rivals for some time, with 'The Tragedy of Macbeth' making history with three Oscar Grand Slam nominations. 'CODA', adapted from La Famille Belier, a beloved French film, is also the first film to star mostly deaf, with main actress Marlee Matlin being the first deaf actress to win best actress for a film. It's called creating a memorable image for the Apple TV+ brand. In addition, as Apple is a technology company, it doubles its tax rates. Apple may be expanding its larger ecosystem and creating a new scene for tech companies as non-industry players who come to earn money. Opening the way for tech companies Since its launch, Apple TV+ series and movies have won 202 awards, received over 900 nominations at major awards such as the Academy Awards, SAG Awards, Critics Choice Choice Awards, NAACP Image Awards and Primetime Emmy Awards, and more. Apple TV+ has between 20 and 40 million subscribers, far from its competitors. Compared to netflix, which generates more than $400 billion a year from a subscriber base of about 200 million, Apple spends $3-6 billion a year adding content that makes Apple TV+ interesting. Create unique content and watch it in one place. In the end, betting on quality content will guarantee revenue or unlock new value for Apple's business, or it may not have to be followed further, according to Bloomberg, Variety, Apple. 
May have to pay to watch Olympics and World Cup, NBTC is open for comment. Cancel "Must Have" announcement|Mr. Trairat Viriyasirikul The Acting Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) said that at a special meeting of the NBTC board on March 23, 2023, it approved (draft) the NBTC announcement on the cancellation of the NBTC announcement on the criteria for important television programs that can only be distributed on general television services B.E. 2555 (Must Have Announcement). The board has not set a time limit for the completion of the 32nd SEA Games, which will be held from May 5-17, 2023. Cancellation of NBTC announcement Re: Guidelines for major television programs that can only be broadcast on general television services B.E. 2555 or must-have announcements requiring 7 types of sports programs, namely Olympics, Asian Games, SEA Games, Asian Para Games, ASEAN Games, Paralympic Games and World Cup finals. All 7 programs must be broadcast on general (terrestrial) television first and will have a continuing effect, causing all 7 types of competitions to be broadcast via satellite, cable and IPTV systems under the Must Carry rule. It must be accepted that watching these 7 sports may be costly or not as widespread as it used to be. In addition, must-have notices are effective only if the broadcast rights are purchased. If no one in Thailand finally buys the broadcast rights, the announcement will not apply.
Bright pet food Thailand is the 4th largest exporter in the world.|Mr. Sinit Lertkrai The Deputy Commerce Minister revealed that he has assigned the Department of International Trade Negotiations. Monitoring the export situation of Thai pet food products In the last 10 years (55-64 years), exports to the global market have continued to grow. It has an average annual value of US$1,522 million and an average annual growth rate of 13%. In 2022, Thailand ranked 1st exporter in ASEAN and 4th in the world. Second only to the European Union. The United States and China are valued at $2,847 million. Major export products such as dog and cat food and other pet food "Pet food is a star product to watch in Thailand with a steady increase in demand, so there is an opportunity for Thai entrepreneurs to expand their exports to foreign markets by taking advantage of free trade agreements (FTA) to help unlock tariff barriers. Use high-quality ingredients that are beneficial for pet health, such as non-toxic, low-calorie foods and foods for sick animals. In addition, product standards should be maintained in accordance with international hygiene principles so that Thai products can sustainably win the hearts of consumers in the global market."
Gold Price Gold Price Today 25 Mar 2023 Open Saturday Morning Market Fall 100 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Saturday morning market 25th Mar 23 100 baht discount for "gold bullion" selling out 32,050 baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,550 baht per baht. Baht 25 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.13 a.m., a 100 baht discount resulted in "gold bullion" being purchased at 31,950 baht per baht. Baht 32,050 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,381.20 baht per baht. Baht 32,550 per baht Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 shillings Buy 15,975 baht Sell out 16,025 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,690.6 baht Sell out 16,275 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,987.5 Baht Sell Out 8,012.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,845.3 Baht Sell Out 8,137.5 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,993.75 Baht Sell Out 4,006.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,922.65 Baht Sell Out 4,068.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Qualified for the State Welfare Card must verify his/her identity by March 26.|"Ministry of Finance" warns those who meet the eligibility criteria of "State Welfare Card 2023" to quickly verify their identity by March 26 in order to start exercising their rights on April 1, 2023 Mr. Pornchai Thieravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economics, as a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance, disclosed the progress of the verification of the identity of those who have passed the eligibility criteria (those who meet the criteria) according to the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 (The Project) as of March 24, 2023 at 13.00 pm. A total of 12,270,571 applicants (or 84.06% of the total 14,596,820 eligible applicants) for the total number of applicants who did not meet the eligibility criteria under the scheme as of March 24, 2023 at 1:00 p.m. totaled 1,165,454. Identity verification must be completed. For Saturday, March 25 and Sunday, March 26, 2023, it will be the last week that Krungthai Bank, Government Savings Bank and THE BANK will be able to verify their identity on Saturdays and Sundays, with general branches open from 09.00-16.00 hrs. If the government provides benefits as a transfer to a future accountSPONSORED and those who do not complete their identity verification by March 26, 2023, they can still verify their identity at the above three banks by the date specified by the agency, but will be able to start exercising their state welfare rights by the date specified by the Ministry of Finance. For current state welfare recipients, the state welfare privileges can be used through the State Welfare Card until March 31, 2023 only. Those who failed to verify their identity due to failed id card status verification, in which case the unsuccessful identity verification is requested to check and correct the information at the district office or Bangkok district office. Request to resume verification of identity. Unsuccessful authentication may be caused by a failed face comparison. In case of failed face comparison, please contact Krungthai Bank to verify your identity in accordance with Krungthai Bank's procedures. The public can follow the news and details of the project at the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th
Launched capital market policy with 9 major political parties, taxing stocks, still cracking |The Thai Capital Market Business Council held a seminar on the policy of driving the Thai economy and capital market under the government after the election. Held at the Stock Exchange of Thailand building, 9 political parties participated in the showcase of their party's policy towards the capital market for Thailand. Economy ready to highlight the stock market Dr. Tribepoom Rojanasakul, Deputy Secretary-General Director, Policy Center Economic Director The Pheu Thai Party revealed that the party is moving forward on digital economy, which is an opportunity and helps create growth. It will put money into the wallet and allow people to spend it all within 6 months, set to spend through the wallet at a distance of 4 kilometers, and provide access to the use of blockchain to pay for various services and stimulate the economy on the spot. At the moment, we do not see the highlights in the Thai capital market. Both Thailand has a strong health service and tourism, which has a very low proportion of market capitalization, how to make the capital market a mechanism to drive the country's growth. It must reflect a greater proportion of market caps to GDP, however, we will create a good mechanism with investment. In the past, competition among securities companies was price-oriented. This causes inadequate analysis and research. AS A RESULT, LISTED COMPANIES DO NOT HAVE TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION BEYOND THE LEGAL LIMIT, WHICH AT THIS POINT MAY BE SOLVED BY PUSHING INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS TO INVEST MORE THROUGH THE CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL. This includes developments in the bond market, where three-quarters of the market is government bonds, with very little private sector. This must support the creation of an effective secondary bond market for debt securities to take place in Thai Thai Pattana. Wade to amend the financial law Asst. Prof. Dr. Santi Kiranan Member of the Policy and Strategy Committee Thai Pattana Party He said the party's campaign policy will not focus on giveaways or populism, will think about the majority, the agricultural sector with 8 million households, more than 20 million people, and the labour group will not focus only on GDP growth that will only create more and more difficult problems to solve, but rather on solving inequality. Nowadays, people have very difficult access to financing, especially lending. Currently, there are quite a lot of legal problems. There are many laws in finance, digital and public law that must be integrated together so as not to hinder investment but to support the private sector to grow, including using the channels of Venture Cap, which specializes in investment, and helping to drive SMEs to access financing. Therefore, a handicap must be given to this group by using the method of bringing losses in SME investments to be able to deduct expenses. Doubling will help mitigate the impact and attract investment attention, while moving forward with carbon credits. Center to generate income for Korn country. Hoping that the division of shades will help create opportunities for Mr. Korn Jatiwanich. Leader of the National Pattana Dare Party He revealed that the goal of the capital market is to be a source of cheap capital and a source of savings for the people, which currently has a size of 19 trillion baht in the Thai stock market. Reflecting growth What needs to be looked at is the quality of 800 listed companies and 40 new IPOs a year and 160 companies in the queue. Taking the issue as an opportunity, especially in the field of gambling, eliminating contraband and generating income from tourists, is a new product that can be significant to the capital market for the player's perspective if considering the proportion of investors' turnover. It will be found that too few domestic funds are a mistake in changing LTF to SSF. Which failed. We also pushed for the creation of Cooperatives Public Company Limited to eliminate the problem of access to capital in the agricultural sector and the capital market to help. We will solve the problem by reforming the cooperative system into a modern company. There is technology, can take care of farmers in each crop, integration is the bargaining power that there must be a host and the gathering of the PA, increase the strictness of the use of information within Dr. Pisit Leeatham. Policy Chair Democratic Party He said that in the past, the stock trading tax has caused a fair amount of panic among investors. We need to have a better way of thinking because if implemented, it may affect the turnover on the stock exchange. It can be seen that the investor base now has only 3 accounts and there is very little active. WE ALSO WANT TO SEE THE LAW BE AMENDED TO STRENGTHEN THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (SEC), ESPECIALLY IN THE USE OF INSIDE INFORMATION, WHICH IS LIGHTER, AS WELL AS PUSHING THE SAVINGS SYSTEM FOR USE IN OLD AGE, ESPECIALLY IN THE FIELD OF SAVINGS THROUGH SPONSORED PROVIDENTS. Flag data Mr. Woraporn Viriyaroj, a member of the House of Representatives. Party Roster He said the next step will be to develop the economy to support everyone, from children's allowances to elderly welfare to SMEs. Buy 500 baht, redeem 1 ticket for consumers to redeem and compete. Large companies, if they buy SMEs, will reduce tariffs by 50%, creating fair competition by reforming new trade laws. Unlocking liquor, agricultural products, breaking up monopoly capital to reduce electricity bills and liberalizing the electricity business, as well as supporting the advancement of EVs and renewable energy that help unlock problems and lead to the creation of the world's supply chain. Economy & Creative Economy, which is basic information. Create open data This should increase access to capital for medium-sized SMEs who lack policies to support their businesses, drive capital to build themselves, as well as increase the number of investors in the country. Connecting assets Liberalization of electricity business Alternative energy will evolve more and more with the work of the L.L. Chayotit. Kritakorn, Head of Economic Team United Thai Nation Building Party He said that for the party, we are looking at earning 4 trillion baht for the country by the COVID-19 crisis, which has forced the restructuring of the industry to recover. We have done so in infrastructure investments. The double-track road, the port, has a 4x potential increase, which will be completed within 1–2 days. The year ahead will help make the circular economy as well as the automotive industry the heart of Thailand. We are the world's largest car manufacturer, but we produce combustion cars, how to lead to EVs, which last year consumed 350,000 EVs, the number 2 in Asia. AS A RESULT, AUTOMAKERS CONTACTED US TO BECOME A TRAVEL SPONSORED EV BASE. Measures must be issued to encourage foreigners to come to Thailand in the long run to be the center of eating. The result has created more than 1 million jobs. 30% carbon reduction, 20-30% GDP growth in the future for capital markets. I would like to see investors have access to new products, either funds that help SMEs or help the economy, BCG helps create products to save additional money. Set up a digital access exchange using digital baht to create transparency. Trading taxes may be unfair, but if there is a profit, then if there is a large income, it may be taxable. We want to use tax money to educate investors on chain sharing. Create a sustainable market for tens of billions to solve the debt problem Mr. Suphan Mongkolsuthee, deputy party leader and chairman of the Economic Committee. Thai Build Thai Party "We have more than 1,400 legal barriers that we will issue. We have the highest household debt in history due to COVID-19 and there are people who are addicted to credit bureaus, we will take 10 billion to help pay interest out of credit bureaus so that there is money in circulation. Capital Market Segment Small entrepreneurs must be drawn into the capital market. Investors want true, transparent and real-time information about SPONSORED Proud Thai. Hoping to save debt to help create opportunities for Mr. Puttipong Punnakan Team Leader Bhumjaithai Party "For the party, we are looking at funding the people. We have moved forward with a 3-year moratorium and interest policy so that debtors can open their eyes and open their mouths, which is not that the debtor will not use it back, but we must give him a chance at the same time give the loan amount to the people, such as 2,000 baht each, so that they have their own credit. If you have good financial discipline, you will create better access to financing. Thailand's capital market is ready, although not overwhelmed, but it can stay. The law taxing that stock must stop. No need to collect Because if the liquidity collection the market will decrease, open the idea of using retained earnings to solve the problem of debtors Mr. Theerachai Bhuvanathanranuban, Advisor to the Policy Committee, Pracharat Power Party He revealed that the current problem is public finances, especially to solve the problem of debtors who have shrunk with the COVID-19 crisis. By arranging the retained profit, the creditor gives back some receivables. It's important to see if the capital markets can help with this, or how to raise small business funding. If a project is a new loan. I'd like to see the Guarantee a higher proportion, maybe 60-70%, temporary for 1 year, set up a startup fund. Venture capital investments, whether or not to do so, as well as pushing people to produce electricity for their own use. Pushing for solar farms in the MINISTRY to revolutionize electricity generation in Thailand, however, for the view of taxing stocks, Political parties also have different opinions. There is a view to taxing capital gains. Meanwhile, the Thai National Party develops. Thai Build Thai Party Bhumjaithai Pornprachathipat Party No taxes Pracharat Power Party There is no clear policy on this issue, but the opinion is that the trading tax will be taxed, while the Pheu Thai Party does not tax crypto, does not tax capital gains, but the transaction must be discussed.
Backtracking on Credit Suisse before UBS merger, what happened to the giant banks?|The 167-year-old bank has a maximum value of 2.7 trillion baht. Credit suisse is the second largest 167-year-old bank in Switzerland, ranked among the world's largest wealth executives and one of the 30 most systemically important banks in the world. In 2007, the company's value reached 80 billion U.S. dollars (27 trillion baht). In February, Tidjane Thiam announced his retirement as CEO of the bank. Under pressure from the scandal surrounding the spying case of former wealth chief executive Iqbal Khan, back in 2015, the bank hired Tidjane Thiam as chief executive to help change the bank's direction out of the crisis. After Mr Khan resigned to work for rival UBS, the bank began spying to see if he had approached a customer or employee, a breach of Credit Suisse's contract. Khan filed a criminal complaint accusing Thiam, who was then CEO, of being behind the spying after Credit Suisse was investigated by an external law firm. It was discovered that the spying was carried out by Chief Operating Officer Pierre-Olivier Bouée, the incident had damaged the bank, which had spent years trying to regain its confidence. In March, U.S. hedge fund Archegos Capital collapsed, causing Credit Suisse to lose $5.5 billion, and in the same month the bank withheld $10 billion in the Greensill Capital supply chain monetary fund linked to an insolvent British financier. The two incidents prompted Lara Warner, the bank's chief risk officer, to resign to take responsibility for the bank's damages. 2022 - After Credit Suisse announced plans to restructure its investment banking business in September to separate some of its business, as well as layoffs and cost reduction plans, it raised concerns about the bank's financial stability. Investors then sold off their shares, bringing the price to record lows. It has fallen more than 55% from the beginning of last year and has fallen more than 91% from its peak in 2007 amid investors turning to CDS debt insurance instead of 2023. The latter faced all-round scandals and mismanagement that resulted in continued losses. Made in February Credit Suisse's shares fell to record lows. After the biggest annual losses since the 2008 financial crisis, as customers continued to withdraw more than $119 billion in the fourth quarter, regulators reportedly reviewed the chief lender's comments on the company's financial position. The major shareholder told reporters that he could no longer provide financial support to the bank because it was restricted by regulatory hurdles. The Swiss Central Bank took over with a $54 billion loan to boost liquidity. The latter conducted two negotiations. On Sunday, UBS agreed to acquire a U.S. $3.3 billion credit suisse business with the Switch government acting as a broker and guarantor with a U.S. $9.7 billion ($330 billion) line to hedge UBS from its asset ownership.
Oil Price Today 24 Mar 2023 Latest Oil Price Update There are both ups and downs.|"Oil Prices Today" 24 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of each litre on March 24, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.35 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.08 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.08 Baht/liter. 04 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.49 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.24 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 42.56 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 42.64 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.16 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.35 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 33.08 Baht/liter GASOHOL E20 at 33.08 Baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 at 33.35 Baht/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.35 BAHT/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.08 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.35 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 304 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.49 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 33.84 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 33.74 baht/liter Shell Fusesave Diesel B7 at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter 3.74 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.64 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 at 35.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 at 35.35 baht/liter Diesel at 33.44 Baht/liter Diesel B7 at 33.44 Baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.14 Baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 43.76 Baht/liter.
Index Creative Awakens Travel, KILORUN Fireworks, The Big Event of the Year|Index Creative awakens the trend of tourism, kilorun fireworks, the big event of 2023, starting with Phuket, followed by Udon Thani, Pattaya and Osaka nai Kriangkrai Kanchanapokin. The founder and chief executive officer of Index Creative Village Public Company Limited said, "KILORUN is a running festival that includes eating and traveling together to allow participants to experience the culture and enjoy the delicious food of each city on the best running routes in the cultural city or The Iconic City. The Phuket Tourism Association said Phuket is a city with a cultural charm. It is unique to Asia. The 10 best restaurants in Phuket that we have chosen to attend the event are Padangko Mae Pranee, Roti Arun Pochana, Kopi Tiam by Wilai, Leng Khao, Pantry, Ow Dao Ji Pian, Krua Jongjit, Dibuk Road Porridge, Monday Restaurant and Porntip Old Town. Hotel Business Food and beverage business, tour business, souvenir business and leisure business can generate renewable income for Phuket province, benefiting the Phuket tourism sector as well.
TMB Thanachart accelerates ESG lending|Mr. Sarun Phupat, Chief Business Officer TMB Thanachart Bank Public Company Limited (ttb) revealed that TMB Thanachart has set strategies and goals to support business customers and SMEs in terms of doing business with ESG (environment, society and corporate governance). Digital transformation, human wars, and challenges of the international trade world, meanwhile, see that large business customers are more likely to invest in ESG. Therefore, TMB Thanachart aims to support green and blue loans within 5 years with a credit limit of more than 50,000 million baht. Within 5 years for business adaptation in the digital age, so as not to lose the opportunity to compete. The Bank has developed financial transaction management with a one-stop solution. Supports receipts, payments, and liquidity management, and manages both money and documents digitally. Whether it's a buyer or a seller. In addition, the Bank has developed a comprehensive payroll and employee welfare service solution that will enable SMEs to manage personnel and reduce costs.
"The shop is cheap, good, standard."|The Reporter reported on March 27. The shop partner shop is good. Many will come to the Office of the Competition Commission to submit additional documents to support the complaint. In the previous case, the partner shop was good and standardized, and complained to the Competition Commission that the company that owned the shop was good. Standards, exploitative contracts, and unfair trade practices have caused a large number of affected partner stores. After submitting additional evidence, the complaint will be referred to the Police Division in relation to other offences. latest The COMMISSION is in the process of seeking facts and gathering evidence in order to know the facts and circumstances relating to the offenses under the Competition Act and to know the perpetrators. After that, it will be finalized and then presented to the SEC. For consideration of complaints If the SEC considers that the complaint is unfounded, it will order the matter to be terminated, but if it deems that there is a basis, it may set up an investigation subcommittee to seek additional facts before proposing to the SEC for further decision. IF FOUND GUILTY, THERE WILL BE A PENALTY ACCORDING TO THE SPONSORED LAW ON MR. VISHNAVA WONGSINSIRIKUL. The SECRETARY-GENERAL said that in the past 1-2 weeks, the NCPO has considered 25 complaints, one new complaint and one request for a pre-ruling, pending fact-finding. 11 matters, 9 investigations and 3 administrative offences are pending, with the majority of operations progressing in excess of 50% and 2 matters being completed, namely franchise and automobile business. "Approximately 70% of all complaints are for offences under Section 57 of the Competition Act and unfair trade practices.
Senators fill SME loans and distribute subsidies|Mr. Veerapong Malai, Director Office of Small and Medium Enterprise Promotion (SME) He said that the SME aims to push SMEs as another mechanism to support the growth rate of gross domestic product (GDP) of SMEs this year by 2-4% through various SME development plans. "The guarantee is for entrepreneurs who are struggling during COVID-19 and have non-performing loans (NPLs) incurred in the COVID-19 section with working capital to improve their businesses not exceeding 2 million baht, which is expected to cover 1,500 SMEs to support economic activities during songkran festival, resulting in 3,000 million baht in circulation in the economy." Under the Business Service Provider System (BDS) entrepreneurship promotion program, subsidies are provided for the development of co-pay SMEs. 50-80% according to the size of the business, up to 200,000 baht until the month. This September.
Keep an eye out for drinks raising prices, count one! Sweetness Tax Archive Phase 3|D-Day, April 1: Phase 3 sweetness tax on beverages and soft drinks will not increase prices. After entrepreneurs adjusted to reduce sugar ingredients, but if they continue to use the same ingredients, they will have to be charged more taxes and insist on this tax hike, hoping to keep Thailand's health away from obesity. Diabetes Pressure Mr. Natakorn Utensut, Control System Development Consultant, Excise Department It was revealed that from April 1, 2023 The Excise Department will start raising the sweetness tax based on sugar content. Enter phase 3 after the end of the 6-month tax retention period according to the cabinet resolution approved on October 1, 2022-31. Mar66 If entrepreneurs do not modify the production formula by reducing the ingredients from sugar, it will increase taxation, with the goal of taking care of Thailand's health away from obesity. Diabetes, pressure for sweetness tax, phase 3, collected from April 1, 2023-31. Mar68 have rates. 6-8 grams of sugar will be charged at 0.3 baht per liter, 8-10 grams of sugar will be charged at 1 baht per liter. , 10-14 grams of sugar will be charged at 3 baht per liter. 14-18 grams of sugar will be charged at 5 baht per liter, sugar from 18 grams will be charged at 5 baht per liter. The sweetness tax will continue to progress every two years, with phase 3 taking effect April 1. For example, beverages containing 10-14 grams of sweetened substances per liter will be taxed from 1 baht to 3 baht per liter. however Sponsored "believes that this round of raising the sweetness tax will not affect the price of sugary drinks or soft drinks to increase the price of sugary drinks to become a burden to consumers. For example, most drinks used to have an average sugar sweetness of over 10 grams per liter. It is now reduced to 7.3 grams per liter. This is in line with the department's goal of reducing sweetness. For the health benefits of consumers, Mr. Natakorn continued, "In addition, it has been found that beverages with healthy alternative nutrition symbols have been found. The number has increased from more than 200 as recently as January 2023. Increase to 1,800 items or 9 times more Therefore, it is believed that drinks containing less than 6 grams of sugar are becoming more abundant. Meanwhile, soft drinks used to be very sweet, exceeding 10 grams per liter. At the same time, it is believed that in the case of the Ministry of Industry, the price of sugar in front of the factory will be increased by 1.75 baht per kilogram, which will encourage entrepreneurs to quickly adjust the production formula by reducing sugar further for the salinity tax. If the department goes to raise taxes now, it could aggravate the impact on producers and consumers. But to be sure, if the department is going to enact the salinity tax, it will have a period of at least 1 year, which will not take effect immediately.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 27 Mar 2023 Open Monday Price No Increase Not Discount|Gold Price Today Latest Open Monday morning 27th Mar 23 Fixed price for "gold bullion" price sold out baht 32,050 The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,550 baht per baht. On March 27, 2023, the Gold Trade Association reported that the 1st thai gold price today. At 9:27 a.m., the price was fixed, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,950 baht per baht. Sold out thb 32,050 "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,381.20 baht per baht. Sold out thb 32,550 Gold price today 2 shillings 50 satang Gold bullion 2 shillings Buy 15,975 baht Sell out 16,025 baht Gold jewelry 2 pieces Buy 15,690.6 baht Sell out 16,275 baht Gold Price Today 1 Shilling Gold Bullion Buy 7,987.5 Baht Sell Out 8,012.5 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,845.3 Baht Sell Out 8,137.5 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,993.75 Baht Sell Out 4,006.25 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,922.65 Baht Sell Out 4,068.75 Baht However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Thai stocks today, March 27, 2023, ended the morning stock market up 2.50 points, the index was at 1,594 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed at 2.50. The index is at 1,594.35. Turnover 18,683.50 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 27, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose by 2.50 percent. Change 0.16% The index is at 1,594.35. The turnover was 18,683.50 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited 3. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited 4. SCB X Public Company Limited 5. CP ALL PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED.
Zipmex CEO Ekalap Yan has no plans to close the company, the SEC asked to clarify the case of investors not adding money.|Last Friday, online. Thai cryptocurrency exchange platform Zipmex has been reported to be facing liquidity problems and unable to pay salaries to its employees. The fourth round of capital payments has led to the possibility that the company will not be able to pay its employees within 30 days, affecting more than 100 employees and possibly leading to the latest liquidation process. The CEO and co-founder of Zipmex posted a statement on Facebook saying that since there was news coverage about Zipmex both domestically and internationally on Friday, I wanted to use the space. Allow me to clarify the facts and the important thing that I and the management team are striving for and doing our best to fully reopen Z Wallet. I would like to confirm that as of now, Zipmex's products and services, including the platform, remain open as usual and have no plans to shut down. As for the news that the zipmex investment has been delayed due to the payment from the investors, I and the management team have not been silent and have been in contact with the investors to expedite the investment in accordance with the originally planned and scheduled process. It's not. The first priority for me and my team is to continue negotiating with investors to resolve issues. I would like to inform you that on March 30, 2023, the Zipmex Group is scheduled to hear the singapore court's order regarding the approval of the recovery plan. My management team and I will do our best to ensure that the restructuring plan is in place and completed as soon as possible. I understand that the news may cause everyone to panic and worry about the situation of the company, so I would like to take this opportunity to clarify the office. The SEC responded to the Zipmex case by notifying the Company on the same day that Zipmex would clarify the facts of the case to the SEC regarding the impact on the Company and its customers, as well as the Company's course of action by March 29, 2023, and inform that it should disclose the information to investors. The SEC monitors such cases and acts in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
Oil Price Today 25 Mar 2023 Oil Price Update How many baht per litre has it lasted?|"Oil Prices Today" 25 Mar 2023 Update on all types of petrol petrol, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price per litre on March 25, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 44 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.89 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.64 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi diesel S at 33.44 baht/liter High diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.04 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Gasohol E20 at 33.56 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.75 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.48 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.56 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.75 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.48 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 20 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL 44 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.89 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.34 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 45.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 33.74 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter 3.74 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.64 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.04 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 35.08 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 35.35 baht/litre Diesel at 33.44 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.44 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.14 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 43.76 baht/litre.
McDonald's announces battle to challenge fried chicken market confident "Mac Kai" wins people's hearts easily|McDonald's declared war Challenge the fried chicken market to be confident that "Mac Kai" is crispy, tender and juicy, winning the hearts of Thai people not difficult, showing 276% growth in profit worth more than 120 million baht on March 27, 2023 Ms. Kittiwan Anuvejsakul McDonald's Chief Executive Officer said: "Overall, the company's 2022 results have grown significantly, and we have gone through a challenging period and have been able to quickly turn the situation around generating revenue and profit, especially in Q4/22 of 2022. The company has recorded record monthly revenue sales and exceeded the previous 10 years in the same period, creating a phenomenon of exponential growth. The company achieved 276% year-on-year growth or a profit of over 120 million baht due to the covid-19 situation. This includes opening up the country to tourists. Therefore, it is a good opportunity for the food business to grow accordingly, especially branches in tourist zones and airports, as well as adjusting marketing strategies accordingly, reaching Thai people and accepting the current situation with purchasing power back. FOR THE 66-67 STRATEGY, WE HAVE BOTH SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM INVESTMENT PLANS. Whether to expand new branches and renovate existing stores. Under the Alphabet concept that emphasizes sustainability, simplicity, warmth and modernity, to make customers feel relaxed, more accessible to the brand, and facilities for the new generation with an investment budget of more than 300 million baht. Under a strong marketing strategy, besides we are the leader in the burger market. But we also want to strengthen the strength of the variety of menus and meet the needs of customers who prefer to consume fried chicken. It can be eaten at any age, family. The market portfolio of fried chicken in Thailand is quite large and highly competitive, and we are confident in the potential and quality of our fried chicken mac that it will be able to hit the market and win the hearts of consumers easily. It has been carefully selected through various processes, developed and improved to achieve crispy fried chicken mac. Ms. Kittiwan said that we continue to create a sense of value for our customers. McDonald's food can reach all customer segments through reasonable pricing and attractive promotions, such as the 99 baht EVM set, which has grown at over 25 million baht per month or +150% growth rate, accounting for 8.2% of total product sales. Currently, we have 228 branches and plan to open about 10-15 new branches within this year, focusing on strategic locations that are highly targeted at customers both inside and outside Bangkok.
First Citizens Bank agrees to acquire closed Silicon Valley Bank from FDIC|First Citizens Bancshares Inc., the parent company of First Citizens Bank, signed an agreement to purchase Silicon Valley Bank from the U.S. Deposit Insurance Institute. The agreement was signed to purchase some of Silicon Valley's assets, including all deposits and loans, of approximately U.S. $72 billion at a discount price of U.S. $1.65 billion, while the remaining U.S. $90 billion in securities and other assets will remain in FDIC's asset protection position. To protect customers of banks who failed after some of their assets were sold to First Citizens, all 17 existing branches of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, or National Association, will open as First–Citizens Bank & Trust Company. On Monday, March 27, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank customers should continue to use their current branches until they are notified by First–Citizens Bank & Trust Company that the conversion has been completed.SPONSORED, i.e., Silicon Valley Bridge Bank depositors will automatically become First–Citizens Bank & Trust Company depositors and all deposits received from First Citizens Bank & Trust Company will continue to be insured by FDIC.
Thai stocks today, March 27, 2023, ended the afternoon up 1.52 points, the index was at 1,593 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 1.52. The index was at 1,593.37 points with a turnover of 36,048.98. The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 27, 2023, half-day afternoon, showed that the index rose 1.52 percent. The index was at 1,593.37. The index peaked at 1,595.86. The index is at a low of 1,586.01. The turnover was 36,048.98 million baht. The top 4 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. SCB X Public Company Limited 3. CP All Public Company Limited 4. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited.
TAT reveals 6 million foreigners have visited|Mr. Thaneswar Petsuwan Deputy Governor for Asia and South Pacific, Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) He said thailand's overall tourism since the beginning of the year has recovered quite well. This is reflected in the 3 months (Jan-Mar) of 2023, with 6 million foreign tourists. It is divided into tourists from short-haul markets or Asia. 62% are confident that 25 million people will reach the target of 25 million in 2023, 6-7 million more than the target of 5 million in 3 months, 450,000-500,000 more than the forecast of 300,000 in 1Q23. This April, there is a Songkran festival. 250,000-300,000 Chinese tourists are expected and 500,000 Chinese tourists are expected in the second quarter, reflecting a rapid recovery. It is bright in all markets, including China. India, especially Malaysia. In April, 1 million Malaysians will visit Thailand as the first nation, the fastest this year," said SPONSORED. Under the Worldwide Online Platform project, Agoda, Ant Group (Alipay), Klook Travel Technology and Global KKDay organized tourism stimulation activities, it is expected that in the next 5 months, it will attract 400,000 foreign tourists to Thailand, generating a turnover of 600 million baht. Agoda will provide promotions and promotional discounts for accommodation during the month. Apr-Jul 23 in Singapore, Australia and New Zealand KKDay will present Thailand through the perspective of Sustainable Thailand from 2 projects, resulting in purchases of not less than 186,000 purchases, while Klook will provide promotions and discounts to promote Thai tourism. It supports activities that encourage tourists to experience soft. Power Alipay is expected to generate at least 500,000 bookings for Thai activities, while Alipay will offer discounts to tourists who pay through Alipay for purchases in Thailand, expected to generate 200 million baht in revenue.
Singing "The shop is good"|Mr. Vishnu Wongsinsirikul Secretary-General, Competition Commission Disclosed after receiving the complaint letter and additional evidence from the cheap partner shop. There are nearly 100 people who have complained to check the contract at TD. Tawan Daeng The operator of the shop project was well standardized, made with the partner shop that it was exploited and had unfair trade behavior or whether the COMMISSION had received complaints since November 2016. February 23, 2023 Therefore, officials were sent to many provinces to collect information. We are currently in the process of collecting documents to know the facts and circumstances regarding the offences under the Competition Act. It is expected to be submitted to the Board of Directors for consideration next week. If found wrong, there will be a chapter. Punishable by a fine not exceeding 10% of the income in the offending year and imprisonment for not more than 2 years. The partner shop complained that the contract with the company was unfair, causing the partner shop to suffer, such as the product disappearing from the stock for unknown reasons, and the company fined the value for the lost product. AS A RESULT, MANY PARTNER SHOPS HAVE DEBTS THAT REQUIRE THE COMPANY AND HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE SECURITY DEPOSIT BACK ACCORDING TO THE CONTRACT OF 200,000 BAHT.
"East. Water," he said, waiting for the answer to the "Treasury Department."|Mr. Cherdchai Pitiwacharakul President & CEO Eastern Water Resources Management and Development Public Company Limited or East Water The company said it was waiting for clarification from the Treasury Department to clarify the company's proposed letter of contention that the department had submitted a notice of termination of lease/management of the pipeline project and requested the demolition of buildings and structures belonging to the company. "The Company considers that the reasons are incorrect and therefore needs clarification if it continues to insist on completing the delivery of the property on April 11.
SEC warns to be prudent before investing|The Reporter reports that the Debt Department, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) The Bank of Thailand (BOT) said that the credit suisse crisis and the write-off of subordinated instruments to be counted as Tier 1 capital or Basel III Additional Tier 1 (Basel III AT1) have affected the bank's financial stability and public confidence. At present, the BOT has strict supervision of Thai commercial banks by enforcing capital and liquidity criteria on all banks. It is strictly only for large commercial banks, including an overview of the Thai banking system. Currently, Basel III AT1 has been issued for sale to foreign institutional investors and limited investors, it has not been offered to retail investors. In Thailand, there will be no case where holders of Basel III AT1 instruments will suffer more damage than shareholders, as the SEC has established additional rules to suit the behavior of Thai investors, such as: The determination of the conditions for the discharge or write-off of the Basel III instrument shall occur only after the capital reduction of the commercial bank, and the discharge of debt under such instrument shall not be greater than the ratio of the bank's capital reduction. This will not cause more damage to the holders of the instruments than the shareholders, the issuing commercial banks must have a credit rating. In case of offering to the general public, the company must receive a credit rating of "investment grade rating" or higher. The SEC urges investors to carefully study the information to understand the risks and returns before making an investment decision. THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE IN HIGH-RISK AND UNFAMILIAR INSTRUMENTS.
Prepare for exclusion measures Commerce supports the adjustment of green production processes|Commerce brainstorms to prepare for NTB measures Both environmentally and environmentally. Labour, Human Rights The EU's CBAM is set to apply Oct. 1, 2023, to seven product groups, but many products are expected to be affected. Pushing manufacturer-exporters Use BCG Model Adjust the production process to be environmentally friendly Mr. Phusit Rattanakul Serirengrit Director-General, Department of International Trade Promotion Revealed last week Mr. Keerati Ratno The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Commerce has met with various departments of the Ministry of Commerce abroad, such as 3 foreign commercial offices: Beijing, China, Washington, D.C. The U.S., Brussels, Belgium, Ambassador of Thailand, Permanent Representative of Thailand to the World Trade Organization and the World Intellectual Property Organization, the Department of International Trade Promotion, etc., to monitor the situation of countries and establish ways to work together, especially in the case of trading partners. New trade rules that may affect Thai exports in order to alert entrepreneurs and other stakeholders to be prepared in a timely manner. Meetings with the private sector have been improving since Q2. This May, a meeting of commercial ambassadors will be held to reassess the situation. Products that still export well, such as food, fruits, automobiles and parts, building materials, and products such as plastic pellets, because China has reduced imports. Set up your own factory This year, however, the department plans to enter the market with more than 195 projects and 450 activities. This will allow Thai exports to grow at the target of 2-3% from the previous year." THE DEPUTY DIRECTOR-GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE PROMOTION SAID THAT CURRENTLY, EACH COUNTRY HAS ISSUED A NUMBER OF NON-TARIFF TRADE PROTECTIONIST MEASURES (NTB), SUCH AS THE U.S., THE EUROPEAN UNION (EU), CHINA, ETC., WITH MAJOR NTBS SUCH AS ENVIRONMENTAL, LABOR AND HUMAN RIGHTS MEASURES, MEASURES THAT ARE THE PRODUCT OF GEOPOLITICAL CONFLICTS SUCH AS THE U.S.-CHINA TRADE WAR OR THE RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR THAT HAVE AFFECTED THE WORLD. How much is the amount or what is the carbon credit? As a result, entrepreneurs are not very prepared. However, the Department clarified the need to adjust the production process to be more environmentally conscious"For CBAM is one of the key measures of the European Green Deal of Europe. Requires importers of seven categories of goods, namely cement, fertilizer, electricity, iron and steel, aluminum, hydrogen, and some downstream products such as knots and screws made of iron and steel, etc., to report greenhouse gas emissions data, as well as to purchase and deliver them. CBAM certificate based on emissions and imports for the impact on Thailand, not only for these 7 groups of producers, but also for many midstream and downstream manufacturers who have used 7 groups of products to produce. The Department has developed Thai manufacturers and exporters to have knowledge of BCG. Model (bioeconomy, circular economy, green economy) and improve production processes according to BCG. Models that reduce emissions and are environmentally friendly, such as capacity building activities and promoting Thai entrepreneurs towards sustainability. Phase 2, pushing 10 BCG Hero operators selected from Class 1 to receive carbon foot labels Print of products is an entrepreneur who operates Low Carbon Business Reduce carbon emissions concretely, select at least 50 BCG Hero (2nd generation) winners to promote awareness of BCG Thai products abroad, etc.
PTT announces oil price freeze to help people reduce songkran festival expenditure|PTT reiterates the retail price of petrol during Songkran festival to allow people to return to their homeland or travel with peace of mind. If the global market price falls, it is ready to lower the price immediately. We are confident that this year's oil price will be cheaper than last year and continue to invest 5 years at 400 billion baht. Chief Executive Officer and President, PTT Public Company Limited Oil prices in the country are expected to fall compared to last year as global energy prices ease. As a result, the global crude oil price is expected to average US$80 per barrel this year, down from the previous year's average price of US$96. And if the price of oil in the global market falls, it will also decrease to reduce the burden on consumers' travel expenses. "What will be the retail fuel price in the country will depend on the collection of funds such as the oil fund, which is currently negative 94,471 million baht, the collection of oil excise tax, which the Ministry of Finance also reduced the excise tax on diesel. For the investment plan, PTT will move forward according to the five-year investment budget plan (2023-2027) approved by the board of directors of 100,227 million baht, of which 33,344 million baht will be invested this year and 302,168 million baht in the future, totaling 402,395 million baht. The company is expected to complete five projects to create business opportunities, focusing on new business segments, while this year's revenue is expected to be 2 trillion baht, down from last year's revenue of 3.36 trillion baht and profit of 91,175 million baht. This represents a profit margin of 3.6%, which is not yet possible to determine what the profit will be. "Investment plans of 100,227 million baht, such as investment in natural gas business of 36,322 million baht, investment in companies in which PTT holds 100% shares, valued at 32,773 million baht. Investment in natural gas pipeline business 18,988 million baht PTT's new business consists of four energy segments: renewable energy, energy storage systems, batteries, electric vehicles (EVs) and hydrogen. Mobility & Lifestyle Business Logistics Business Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Business "PTT PTT aims to increase the proportion of revenue from new businesses by 30% by 2030, especially towards the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. This is a leap forward from the 1-2 range that we announced at the time of only 400-500 MW. At that time, the renewable energy port would be more than convention energy, leaving only 8,000 megawatts."
BJC appoints Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul as Chief Executive Officer|BJC appoints Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul as Chief Executive Officer and Knight Tejacharoenvikul as Chief Executive Officer. Big C Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (BRC) is preparing to launch IPO sales soon. On March 28, 2023, reporters reported that Berli Yugger Public Company Limited (BJC) announced the appointment of Mrs. Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul. Mrs. Thapanee's appointment as BJC's first female executive to hold the top position in 140 years after playing a key role in driving BJC's business to success as Senior Executive Vice President for a long time, with official effect from June 26, 2023 onwards. Mrs. Thapanee holds the position. Executive Director Member of the Investment Committee and Secretary of the Nomination Committee Determination of remuneration and corporate governance Berli Yugger Public Company Limited as well as serving as a director TCC Intertrade Co., Ltd., Big C Supercenter Public Company Limited and TCC Holdings Co., Ltd. are also sponsors and have played a key role in leading BJC and Big C Group to participate in the Volunteer Development Project. In 2014 and 2018, Mrs. Thapanee holds a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Harvard University in the United States and a Bachelor's Degree in Economics from MIT in the United States. Mr. Knight Tejacharoenvikul Formerly Chief Executive Officer and President of BJC, he will become Chief Executive Officer and President of Big C. Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (BRC), a subsidiary of BJC, in accordance with the business restructuring plan, said BJC's five-year business plan for 2022-2026 will cost 60 billion baht. BJC has a strong track record in many industries, including the potential to support the company's sustainable growth of approximately 12,000-14,000 million baht per year. Distribution of goods and logistics infrastructure both in Thailand and in Asia Currently, BJC Group has more than 236,000 outlets throughout Asia such as Myanmar. Malaysia, Vietnam, China BJC is engaged in the production and distribution of a full range of products and services from upstream, midstream and downstream, both in Thailand and abroad. There are 5 main business groups: 1. Packaging Supply Chain 2. 3. Medical and technical products and services 4. Modern Trade Supply Chain 5. Other business with more than 54,000 employees in 6 countries As of March 27, 2023, BJC has informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that there will be a separation of retail groups. Big C Company Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (BRC) will launch an IPO soon. 
BJC announces Thapanee as first female CEO in 140 years, unveils 60 billion baht investment budget, pushes BRC into stock market|Berli Yugger Public Company Limited ("BJC") announces the appointment of Mrs. Thapanee Tejacharoenvikul Khun Thapanee is the first female executive to be appointed to the top position of BJC in 140 years after playing a key role in driving BJC's business to success as Senior Executive Vice President with official effect from 26 June 2023 onwards. Determination of remuneration and corporate governance Berli Yugger Public Company Limited as well as serving as a director TCC Intertrade Co., Ltd., Big C Supercenter Public Company Limited and TCC Holdings Co., Ltd. are also present. Mr. Thapanee has also played a key role in leading BJC and Big C groups. Mr. Knight Tejacharoenvikul Formerly Chief Executive Officer and President of BJC, he will become Chief Executive Officer and President of Big C. Retail Corporation Public Company Limited (BRC), a subsidiary of BJC, announced an investment budget of 60 billion baht. Thapanee said BJC's five-year business plan (2022-2026) will cost 60 billion baht. BJC has a strong track record in many industries and has the potential to support distribution and logistics infrastructure both in Thailand and in Asia. Currently, BJC Group has more than 236,000 outlets throughout Asia, such as Myanmar. Malaysia, Vietnam, China, Lao PDR and Cambodia, etc.SPONSOREDBJC The company operates a comprehensive production and distribution of products and services from upstream, midstream and downstream, both in Thailand and abroad. The business group is divided into 5 main groups: Packaging Supply Chain and Consumer Products and Services. However, BJC informed the Stock Exchange of Thailand that the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 2/2023, held on March 27, 2023, approved the plan for the offering of the Company's ordinary shares. Big C Retail Corporation Public Company Limited ("BRC"), a subsidiary of the Company. BRC is the flagship company of the company in the retail business. Wholesale, manufacturing, import and export of consumer goods The company will continue to be a major shareholder and controlling person of BRC and BRC and will remain a subsidiary of the company.
Gold Price Today 28 Mar 2023 Open Tuesday Jewelry Sold Out 32,400 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Open Tuesday morning 28th Mar 23, 2023 50 baht discount for "gold bullion" price sold out 31,900 baht per baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,400 baht per baht. Baht 28 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.25 a.m., a 50 baht discount resulted in "gold bullion" being purchased at 31,800 baht per baht. Baht 31,900 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,229.60 baht per baht. Baht 32,400 per baht Gold Price Today 2 Shillings 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 15,900 Baht Sell Out 15,950 Baht Gold Jewelry 2 Shillings Buy 15,614.8 Baht Sell Out 16,200 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Slung Gold Bullion 1 Slung Buy 7,950 Baht Sell Out 7,975 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,807.4 Baht Sell Out 8,100 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,975 Baht Sell Out 3,987.5 Baht Gold 1/2 Slung Buy 3,903.7 Baht Sell Out 4,050 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
The MPC is expected to raise interest rates by 0.25% tomorrow, but negatively for the stock market. |Securities Analyst Asia Plus Securities said it was watching the meeting. Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) The 2nd match of the year tomorrow The market expects a rate hike of 0.25% to 1.75%. From the research department's point of view, the interest rate of 1.75% is the same level as the beginning of 2019, in line with the thai economic outlook that is gradually returning to the base in 2019. During this period, 40 million foreign tourists came to Thailand. As a result, it is estimated that the policy rate above the 2019 level may open the downside to the growth of Thai GDP. The MPC raised interest rates by 0.25%, pushing the SET target by around 70 points by Thai government bonds at present compared to the end of the month. In February 2023, the yield curve shift fell by 1.9 bps at the age of 1 year, while the remaining life was longer than 1 year (3 years - 30 years). The interest rate on 1-3-year bonds was around 1.72-1.79%, in line with investors' expectations. The MPC will raise the policy rate by 25 bps to 1.75% (March 29, 2023) as inflation remains above the MPC's target range of 1-3%. MOST FOREIGN INVESTORS INCREASED THEIR HOLDINGS OF THAI BONDS, WITH NET PURCHASES OF MORE THAN 180 BILLION BAHT (WHILE JANUARY 66 NET SALES OF 67 BILLION BAHT), MAINLY LONG-TERM BOND PURCHASES OF MORE THAN 150 BILLION BAHT (OR ABOUT 83%), AS A RESULT, THE BAHT BEGAN TO DEPRECIATE BY ABOUT 1% FROM THE END OF LAST WEEK TO 34.3 BAHT/USD. If the MPC raises the interest rate from 1.50% to 1.75%, it will put pressure on the index target by 67-70 points. In the next period, including the cost of fixed deposits, which may include savings deposits of major commercial banks, which account for CASA, about 80% of deposits such as Kasikorn Bank or KBANK, Krungthai Bank or KTB, Siam Commercial Bank or SCB, are currently at 0.25%, lower than 2019 at 0.50%. The group's 2019 interest rate hike was expected to be 0.50%, while the group's 2023 net profit forecast for 21023 was 210 billion baht, up 9% from the same period last year, based on each bank's 2023 NIM target, which is based on the assumption of a Thai policy rate of 1.75% - 2.00%. TISCO Bank (FV@B108) has the highest coverage ratio of 259 and BIS Ratio of 23%, the highest in the group from the minimum threshold of 11%, while BBL from the most prominent provision in the group on coverage ratio of 261%. At the upcoming MPC meeting, it is expected that the MPC will raise the policy rate by 0.25% to 1.75%. This rate hike could be the last interest rate hike in this upward cycle cycle. Amid significant inflationary pressures. Thailand's headline inflation fell to a 13-month low of 3.8% YoY, and the fact that inflation remained above the MPC's target level was a factor in the MPC's continued policy rate hike at the upcoming meeting. To increase the capacity of monetary policy (policy space) for the future. If there is a situation that results in the MPC A policy rate cut is needed in the future. As the Thai economy faces greater risks from the global economic slowdown amid the impact of the ongoing policy rate hikes since last year by major central banks such as the Fed and ECB, coupled with the issue of western banks that remain highly uncertain, the MPC will have to give more weight to economic risks and is likely to stop raising interest rates in the near term. The prospect of interest rate hikes by central banks around the world, especially the Fed, has begun to approach its peak. According to the latest FOMC meeting on March 21-22, the Fed resolved to raise the policy rate by 0.25% as expected. While signaling that the upward interest rate cycle is nearing an end, the pressure from the Fed's tightening monetary policy outlook has diminished. However, the monetary policy direction of central banks remains uncertain, depending on the economic outlook and inflation, as well as financial stability in the future, amid problems in the banking sector in Western countries. Will the policy interest rate be lowered accordingly?
IMF chief warns global finances are still at high risk The economic outlook this year is not bright. Warns medium-term economies tend to be weak. |Kristalina Georgieva, managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), said the global economic outlook this year was not bright. Global growth is forecast to slow to 2.9% this year and warn the medium-term economy is likely to weaken. Call on all parties to increase surveillance of Georgiana. Speaking during a speech at the China Development Forum in Beijing on concerns arising after the sudden collapse of major banks, Silicon Valley Bank and Credit Suisse and Signature Bank, the IMF said it was still watching the situation to assess its impact and outlook on the global economy. This is to raise interest rates to combat inflation. Inevitably, it creates vulnerability in the financial system. Although Georgiana praised the swift actions of policymakers and banks in responding to the banking crisis to stabilize the global U.S. dollar system in March, it also made it clear that the partnership could alleviate the crisis and reduce market pressure to some extent, but "financial stability and the global economic system remain high-risk." Russia-Ukraine geopolitical tensions U.S., China, oil and gas crisis and tightening monetary policy The report predicts that the global economy will recover slightly faster in 2024. Global growth will remain below the historical average. 3.8%.Based on Financial Times 
Thai stocks today, March 28, 2023, ended the morning up 10.51 points, the index was at 1,603 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market closed up 10.51. The index is at 1,603.88. Turnover 23,193.11 The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) on March 24, 2023, half-day in the morning, showed that the index rose 10.51 percent. Change 0.66% The index is at 1,603.88. The turnover was 23,193.11 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. SCB X Public Company Limited 4. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 5. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited.
FY 2022 Public Sector Financial Report The economy improved in a positive direction.|28 Mar 2023 Acknowledgement of the government's consolidated financial report for fiscal year 2022 The proportion of revenue increase exceeds the increase in expenses. Signaling an improvement in the economy on March 28, 2023 Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said in a cabinet resolution that the Cabinet acknowledged the government's consolidated financial report for fiscal year 2022, which includes statements of financial position and statements of the government's financial performance. 8,424 government agencies, state enterprises and local administrative organizations out of a total of 8,443 agencies, representing 99.97% of the total. THE FOLLOWING ARE SPONSORED BY GOVERNMENT AGENCIES THAT DO NOT SUBMIT FINANCIAL REPORTS. The Cabinet shall submit the financial report for the fiscal year 2022 within 60 days from the date of the cabinet's resolution. Total revenue for fiscal 2022 increased by 17.61% from FY2021, while expenses increased by 16.98%. It shows signs of an economic upward trend. Both the revenue collection of government agencies and the national income.
Shake Shack, a premium fast food chain, how to create a brand that wins the hearts of burger lovers around the world. |We'll be serving ShackBurgers in The Land of Smiles soon."After confirming that Shake Shack, a famous burger from New York City who is the beloved child of many, will open a branch in Thailand on March 30 at Central. It has created a lot of excitement among fast food lovers and has been releasing items that have attracted the attention of the masses. It can be said that it impresses Thai people incessantly. In this article, Thairath Money will take you to know more about the legend of Shake Shack and how to solve the strategy of how to win the hearts of burger lovers around the world in no time. Is a famous American hamburger chain that started as a small hot dog trolley in 2000 founded by Danny. Mayer, chef and owner of Michelin-starred Eleven Madison Park, was once named the best restaurant in the world, and Mayer spearheaded the renovation of Madison Square Park with the creation of American pop culture images such as hot dog carts and i❤️NY that appeared in several American romantic comedies, sponsored in 2001. Mayer and his assistant, Randy. Kartti The shop was named Shake Shack after the legendary film Grease (1978), featuring fine dining materials from Eleven Madison Park and selling in a physical cart storefront. This makes Shake Shck a favorite of tourists and locals alike. More and more people queued up to say that Shake Shack was a success. Although it only sold hot dogs, it wasn't until 2004 that Mayer The decision to bid for the middle of Madison Square with a plan to build the first standalone shake shack, followed by the addition of an army of burgers, milkshakes and wavy potato chips, followed by a procession of secret sauces that were so delicious that they became the 'only authentic local restaurant' in New York City. It entered the New York Stock Exchange in 2015 with the name SHAK at $47 per share from $21, 124% higher than its pre-IPO price, becoming one of the market's most successful post-IPO stocks. Currently, its market capitalization as of March 27 is $2.21 billion, or nearly $80 billion, and has expanded to 439 major cities worldwide. Veterans like Mcdonald (1940), Burger King (1953), Wendy's (1969), or rivals Five Guys (1986), In-N-Out (1948) are all at least 80 years old. Classify yourself as a 'semi-premium fast food brand'. Offering a convenient ready-to-eat menu that guarantees high quality (Fine Dining Quality) including meticulous cooking, nutrient calculation. Deliver premium ingredients and take responsibility for the environment according to the slogan Stand For Something GoodSPONSOREDShake Shack. 100% all-natural meat, hot dogs and edible hamburgers using antibiotic-free meat and hormone-boosters. Vegetables used are not GMO crops or are genetically modified, ensuring they are safe for health. It also created Innovation Kitchen, a kitchen lab, to create new recipes that are ready to be delivered directly to other branches around the world. Shake Shack calls this 'Enlightened hospitality', all employees must be fun, smart, enthusiastic, friendly and provide the fullest warmth. See the gap between premium and traditional fast food restaurants. This is especially true for millennials and young people who are willing to invest money on good food and unique experiences. They want to eat fast food but ask for quality, not soaking, ensuring fresh grinding every night, and vegetarian options like Shroom burger replace meat with portobello mushrooms stuffed with cheese. Many people's favorite dishesShake Shack They also know that they are looking for a place where the atmosphere is not too formal to arrange a party. The price is not very high. Drinks can be enjoyed throughout the night. This is also the source of many Shake Shack branches. Serving high-quality wines and craft beers until midnight with SPONSORED, Shake Shack also reaches millennial customers primarily with social media, reducing costs by several times. Compared to traditional burger ads, such as through TV spots. Allow customers to participate in the creation of UGC (User-generated content) content to mention or comment on the brand. Organize online interactive campaigns that vary from country to country. Make customers feel like they're part of the brand. Shake Shack remains a classic street burger shop in the 50's, but has been adapted to be cooler and more modern (Modern Roadside) by the best effect of Shake Shack, which is different from other fast food restaurants, namely taste local-sensibilities. It combines the uniqueness of the space while not hiding to present americanism and shake shack in a balanced way, creating unique experiences and creating brand communication. Market in different ways, give an example. Exclusive menus that use famous ingredients to transform into specialties such as Cherry Blossom shake available in Japan, Red Bean shake in South Korea and Thailand with Pandan Sticky Rice Shake, pandan geli sticky rice milkshake or Coconut About You, vanilla ice cream with coconut meat, Shack Attack, solid concrete chocolate at Collab with After You. As a result, many talented chefs are involved in creating delicious recipes. Shake Shack itself often hosts chef-reunion events, holding small competitions for those who follow, although Shake Shack faced a downturn in 2019-2021 due to the COVID pandemic, reviving revenue growth. One of them is Thailand, which is targeted as a stratergic location in Asia. After hitting Asian markets such as Singapore, Malaysia, Manila, Shanghai, Beijing, Seoul, Busan, Osaka, Tokyo and Hong Kong, Shake Shack, Forbes, Pentagram, Blueocean Strategy, Business Insider 
GRAMMY joins hands with RS to set up joint venture, signs 3-year contract to enter concert market|GMM MUSIC AND RS MUSIC HELD A PRESS CONFERENCE ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE ACROSS THE UNIVERSE JOINT VENTURE WITH THE AIM OF CO-HOSTING THE HISTORIC SERIES CONCERT, WHICH BRINGS TOGETHER ARTISTS FROM THE 90S AND 2000s. Painter, Chief Business Officer GMM Music, GMM Grammy Public Company Limited The company said it is pleased to announce that it is pleased to invest in the joint venture. In the past, this kind of cooperation has never happened. He sees this collaboration as a matter of timing and post-COVID events. The two sides have been in talks for more than 5 years to get this concert. To organize a series of big concerts for 3 consecutive years, averaging 3 concerts per year in different themes. In 2023, three concerts will be held on July 29-30, September 9-10 and October 28-29 respectively at IMPACT Arena. The company aims to be able to sell all tickets, which will be able to recognize at least 60 thousand visitors, with ticket prices ranging between 2,000-6,000 baht per ticket. Promote separately from now on. In the next phase, there will be discussions between the two companies to follow up on the feedback and find ways to provide additional opportunities to hold more concerts than the target. With ticket sales currently based on venue capacity and sponsorships as an add-on to the revenue, at least 10 people also see that the music industry still has a lot of growth opportunities. At present, the market value of music in Thailand is approximately 2,500 million baht. The concert will drive an average annual growth of 10% and provide an opportunity for domestic music consumption to increase. Through digital platforms and streaming, the "Attention Economy" is a "attention economy" where businesses can take more time away from consumers to create growth opportunities. I would like to thank and am very happy that the qualified personnel, both in front of and behind the scenes, from both sides, will have the opportunity to work together to bring the greatest and special happiness to all Thai musicians. We will use our expertise and experience to the fullest potential. To make this historic concert memorable and a useful case study. Finally, I would like to thank the RS Music team for pushing forward and creating this national phenomenon." Mr. Pavit said Mr. Witawat Vejjabusakorn Chief Financial Officer RS Public Company Limited as Director A joint venture of Across the Universe, which oversees the project. RS Group revealed that this collaboration is a new history that adds color and novelty to both the Thai music industry and the marketing industry. The energy, exclusivity and fun that will come from 3 concerts from over 100 artists in the first year will be something that we all need to keep a close eye on. Because the word sold out in the blink of an eye would be predictable and prove that this national phenomenon will surely end in success. It shows that the company does not close the opportunity to cooperate, which has many forms of partnerships as part of creating modern business opportunities and is in the business plan that RS has previously announced. In addition, it is considered that setting up a joint venture (JV) for such projects is relatively more convenient and suitable for many aspects of work than setting up a company as a juristic person with more costs. However, "RS and Grammy are the best friends in the Thai music industry, this is a very special opportunity for us to come together to create an unprecedented phenomenon of happiness for fans, as well as to give happiness to the artists of both companies to sing and dance to the fullest.
Will SVB's liquidity problem escalate?|Will SVB meltdown cause any contagion risk : Will SVB's liquidity shortage escalate in the last two weeks? A major concern for financial markets is the lack of liquidity in U.S. financial institutions. The beginning of such concerns stemmed from the fact that Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, the 16th largest U.S. financial institution with total assets of approximately $209 billion, revealed on March 8, 2023, that it had sold $21 billion worth of bonds, mostly pre-maturity long-term government bonds, resulting in a loss of $1.8 billion. As a result, the market became concerned about SVB's liquidity problems and sold off SVB shares, causing SVB's share price to plummet by 60%, while depositors flocked to withdraw about $40 billion from SVB. A poorly diversified customer base, the majority of SVB's deposit base is concentrated in technology clients, both venture capital and startups, which have flourished significantly during COVID due to the ease of funding. However, in 2022, the Fed began tightening monetary policy to control inflation through raising the policy rate and reducing the size of the SPONSORED balance sheet. In 2020-2021, which was a low-interest era, SVB invested large amounts of its acquired deposits in long-term government bonds with fixed returns, unlike in terms of debt, which were mostly short-term deposits and paid floating interest, finding that more than 50% of SVB's assets were invested in medium- to long-term government bonds (while other U.S. financial institutions only invested 20-30% of their assets). However, the risk of escalation to a domino effect in U.S. financial institutions or a financial crisis like the one in 2008 is limited due to the idiosyncratic risk of SVB's rapidly expanding deposit base and concentrated in the tech sector. In addition, the U.S. authorities have issued both secured deposits ($250,000 per account) and no deposit insurance (in excess of $250,000), and the Fed has issued a $250 billion Bank Term Funding Program to take care of liquidity problems that may occur to other financial institutions in the future. Although SVB is the 16th largest U.S. financial institution, SVB is not subject to the Fed's strict stress test, covering about 10 banks whose asset size accounts for 50% of the total value of financial institutions' assets. While the stress test in Europe covered up to 75% and the common equity tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) of European financial institutions exceeded the minimum threshold of 400 basis points, while the average U.S. financial institution exceeded the minimum threshold of around 200 basis points. Both capital and liquidity are strictly regulated by the Bank of Thailand. In addition, the asset and deposit structure of Thai financial institutions is much more fragmented than that of the U.S., so depositors and investors can be assured that the Thai financial institution system will not face problems similar to those with SVB. Global Analysts, Center for Economic and Business Research (SCB EIC)eic@scb.co.th www.scbeic.com 
Thai stocks today, March 28, 2023, ended the afternoon up 13.54 points, the index was at 1,606 points.|Thai Stocks Today The stock market ended the afternoon up 13.54. The index is at 1,606.91. The stock exchange of Thailand (SET) today on March 28, 2023, half-day afternoon showed that the index rose by 13.54 million baht. Change 0.85% The index is at 1,606.91. The index peaked at 1,607.75. The index is at a low of 1,599.92. The turnover was 44,685.40 million baht. The top 5 securities with turnover are: 1. Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited 2. PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited 3. Delta Electronics (Thailand) Public Company Limited 4. SCB X Public Company Limited 5. TMB Thanachart Bank Public Company Limited
SPCG ready to sell commercial electricity in Fukuoka Miyako Mega Solar Project|SPCG is ready to sell commercial electricity in the Fukuoka Miyako Mega Solar project, which is expected to generate approximately 70 million units of solar power per year and reduce CO2 emissions by 70,000 tons on March 28, 2023. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SPCG Public Company Limited (SPCG) said that the Fukuoka Miyako Mega Solar project has a total installed capacity of 67 MW. Divided into North Phase 23 MW and South Phase 44 MW, we have jointly invested 23,493 million yen or about 7,000 million baht, of which SPCG holds 10% shares, amounting to 314 million yen or about 91 million baht. The project has already completed commercial electricity distribution or COD in February 2023. It is expected to generate approximately 70 million units of solar electricity per year and reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 70,000 tons of CO2 equivalent. In the Kyocera Corporation solar panel installation project, more than 220,000 panels are installed in beautiful valleys, and the solar power generation system is also environmentally friendly. No fuel. However, SPCG has recently had the opportunity to jointly invest with TESS Holding in the development of the 30 MW Tottori Yonago Mega Solar Farm project. Four years ago (2018) and in the future, there are plans to co-develop the Imari project, a 46-megawatt bio-mass power plant. Construction is expected to be completed in the next 2 years (2025)"Investment in Japan will bring a good return on investment to shareholders in the long run. Previously, SPCG solar farm business has invested with Kyocera Corporation Japan, Kyudenko Corporation, Tokyo Century Corporation, Furukawa Electric Company Limited, Tsuboi Corporation to develop the Ukujima Mega Solar Project with a total capacity of 480 MW at Ukujima Island, Nagasaki. The investment budget is approximately 60,000 million baht. The company will sell electricity to Kyushu Electric Power Co, Inc., a large solar farm project in which SPCG holds a 17.92% stake or 9,000,000,000 yen. The project is therefore environmentally friendly and the surrounding communities. At the same time, it has contributed to the development of Ukujima Island's agricultural base and has reduced carbon dioxide emissions to the atmosphere by more than 270,000 tons per year.
How to help customers get out of informal debt|Informal debt is a very serious problem in Thai society. Both collect very high levels of interest. At a level greater than 20% per month Therefore, the debt cannot be used up. The main weakness is the inaccessibility of the foundation population to financial institutions. Thai Credit Retail Bank sees such gaps in marketing in the foundation group, seeing that the direction of informal debt continues to grow significantly. No major players have entered the market, occupying more than 20% of the current market share. managing director Thai Credit Retail Bank (TCRB) revealed that the problem of informal debt in Thailand is very serious, reflected in the Bank of Thailand's report conducted before the Covid-19 situation, with the value of informal debt in Thai society being around 1 trillion baht and to now it should be larger. The root of the problem of informal debt is to take out short-term loans to solve the cost problem. When short-term borrowing occurs more and more, it will have a long-term effect, which is not the end of the problem. IN THE PAST, THERE HAS BEEN A SLOWDOWN IN SOME SEGMENTS OF THE SPONSORED INDUSTRY, SUCH AS IN THE PAST, THE EXPORT SECTOR HAS HAD PROBLEMS. As a result, the factory had to reduce its production capacity, so the factory did not have OT for its employees. This leads to less employee income. As a result, people spend less money on bazaars. Therefore, part of the solution is that the economy must be good, the income of the people must also increase. If the economy is bad, it will be an endless problem. It's not. Thai Credit Bank sees an opportunity to market in such segments, seeing that the problem of people who are indebted outside the system is caused by the lack of credit or evidence to borrow money with financial institutions, which causes gaps. Thai Credit is marketing. No payslips or statements are required. The Bank has a total of 4,000 employees and a bank officer who is responsible for determining customer credit, also known as CA, with more than 1,400 people to find information. "CA is the key to doing business, they are responsible for getting to know customers and seeing if there are risks in lending. If we know the customer well enough, even without financial evidence, we can lend, or in the SME group, where many times we find a good business, we provide financial support and help them grow." 60% of customers who borrow money from Thai Credit to close their debts outside the system. At present, the average loan amount per person is 7 million baht. The total portfolio value is over 77 billion baht.   In addition to focusing on lending. The Company also continues to provide financial knowledge to help solve the problem of informal debt through the Tangto Know-how project, which uses Thai Credit employees to provide financial knowledge to customers to help solve this problem in the long run. According to the statistics we collected, bank lending and accurate financial literacy helped solve the problem of informal debt. In 2015, 60% of our customers used informal debt. Now only about 5% is the transition from informal customers to the system, creating transparency, which is in line with the Bank of Thailand's policy. However, the growth trend since the beginning of last year showed that the number of debtors who came to borrow with banks was higher. The number of loans has now increased by more than 7,000 per month, and since the beginning of last year, the demand for loans has increased. This is partly due to the economic recovery, which has increased the demand for loans for business investment, and may once again reflect more severe informal debt. Therefore, financial literacy will save customers from long-term debt.
Alibaba undergoes biggest overhaul in 24 years, prepares to break 6 core business units Paving the way for an IPO to be split|Alibaba Group Holding recently unveiled plans for a major restructuring of its 24-year business, splitting the company into six major business units and preparing to sell its shares to the public for the first time. Alibaba Cloud, Taobao, Tmall, AliExpress, Alibaba.com Lazada, Youku, Lingxigames, Quark, Cainiao Logistic, and Transportation & Delivery (Ele.me) "This is the biggest change since the company was founded more than two decades ago. The restructuring will create more value for shareholders and strengthen competition in the market, each of which will be managed by its own existing CEO and board of directors, but with greater autonomy and faster decision making, all to pave the way for each business unit to split out to raise its own IPO after the announcement, Alibaba Group (BABA) shares jumped more than 6% in pre-market trading in the United States. After facing a crackdown by a government working group that cost the company more than $500 billion or about $17.2 trillion," SPONSORED quoted Bloomberg. 
Cosmetic counter brands need to adapt L'Occitane Expand your customer base|In the age of counter cosmetics, brands have had to adapt. Full-fledged move to enter the shower gel market Use experienced marketing strategies to differentiate and innovate. Expand your customer base to new generations. Mrs. Thapanee Puavaranukroh General Manager of Loxitan Group said that in 2022, the overall market for body care products of the brand has been growing strongly every year. In particular, the number one highlight product in the bath product market is Almond Shower Oil, which is special and has distinctive features and is clearly different from other brands. As well as creating an impression of texture and floral scents that come from real natural ingredients, this year we turned our focus to And give full importance to shower gel products through the Experience Marketing strategy, focusing on creating a joint experience with brands that impress consumers. It raises awareness. Brand recognition and product purchases among key customers aged 35–50 This includes adjusting the image to be more lifestyle, easy access, to expand the customer base in the 25-35 year old group, which is the active young generation. This is in line with sponsored's core commitment for 2023, aiming to grow its bath product portfolio by leaps and bounds. As a result of 360-degree carpet marketing, both online and offline on all platforms, together with on-ground activities at Siam Square and mobile campaign vehicles running around the city, Mrs. Thapanee said that nowadays, counter brand products need to adapt to reach consumers on the spot. Create intimacy and feel tangible. Locksitan is one of the first counter brands to market through this strategy that focuses mainly on emotional benefits, including sensorial moments, playing with emotions along with products that match the mood of consumers. This is the first time that the brand's counter products have been used in this way and have broken the boundaries of traditional marketing, which has attracted the attention of the public to visit.
Minister scans risks of fiscal burden, eyes on social security- GOC.|Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office The cabinet meeting acknowledged the fiscal risk report for fiscal year 2022, which is expected to remain low due to the continued expansion of the economy from the previous year. Even revenue collection is still lower than pre-COVID-19. However, the liquidity risk outlook at the treasury level at the end of fiscal year 2022 was 624,019 million baht. Up from the previous year The cash surplus of the budget sector is significant. Treasury levels continued to rise from the end of fiscal 2019, reflecting the liquidity of budget disbursements that remained at manageable levels. Debt Risk The level of public debt at the end of fiscal year 2022 was 10,373,937 million baht. This represents 60.41% of gross domestic product (GDP) due to the expansion of fiscal policy during the COVID-19 crisis. From a decrease in market capitalization. Reduction in employer and insurer contribution rates and a decrease in the number of insured persons due to aging society. 2. Increasing the rate of state contributions to the National Savings Fund (NCF) and starting to pay old age pensions to members in 2023 may increase the risk that the state will have to compensate for the difference. 3. The net fuel fund position is very negative, but this year it is expected that the oil fund's position will be resolved and will not burden the budget in the future. 4. The performance of state enterprises in fiscal year 2022 improved, but still lower than before COVID-19. Overall remittances decreased.SPONSORED5.Specialized financial institutions should monitor the debt impairment of the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). From debtors affected by COVID-19 and moratorium End-of-life farmers 6.The overall financial position of commercial banks is strong 7.The insurance sector may be affected by the COVID crisis. The amount of debt repayment is high compared to the amount of non-life insurance fund. However, the risks are limited. 8. Income of local administrative organizations Improved in fiscal year 2022.
TCS Chasing back money, "rubber glove gang" hastened to file a lawsuit after P.P.C. points out criminal offenses - discipline|The NCPO director revealed that the P.O.C. pointed out criminal offenses and serious discipline "rubber glove gangs". A total of 22 public and private officials are considered "unlocked", allowing them to catch the wrong people for punishment and track refunds. In the past, the NCPO has been under unilateral pressure, and all 22 cases have not survived civil cases, criminal cases, and seizure of property. Preparing to forward the case to Mr. Kriangsak Prateepvisarut Director of Warehouse Organization (OIC) Disclosure of the case at the Meeting of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) On March 22, 2023 It was unanimously resolved to point out the alleged corruption in the procurement of rubber gloves between the NCPO and Guardian Gloves Co., Ltd. worth 112,500 million baht, saying that the identification of the P.P.C. was a very important unlock and helped the party that chased the wrong person to punish and track the refund. Meanwhile, the parties involved in the offense remain silent. There are 3 approaches to action after this: 1. Civil lawsuit (tort liability lawsuit). Only government officials who have been found guilty, which are currently under investigation by the Ministry of Finance. After the tort liability review committee set up by the NCPO to consider tort liability has been completed and submitted to the Ministry of Finance, which is the regulatory agency. Officers' Tort Liability Act B.E. 2539 (1996) Since last year, 2.Criminal charges have been filed against corruption. and 3.Criminal, money laundering and civil charges. All the identified persons, which the NCPO has coordinated The information will then be handed over to the Office of the Anti-Money Laundering Commission (OIC). Proceed, including suspending accounts from auditing financial routes, which is the money that the NCPO has paid as a deposit in advance of the production of rubber gloves to the Company. GUARDIAN GLOVES TOTALED 2,000 MILLION BAHT". P.P.C., all those who have joined forces to push for success. Thank you, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister. The Minister and the Minister of Commerce who support and urge decisive action against all offenders. I wouldn't be able to stand up to this day. Without your strong support, you will not be able to do so. In order to deal with the cheating house in the city," the reporter further reported that the POC has identified a total of 22 individuals involved in the project, comprising 3 groups: 1. executives and officials in the NCPO involved in the contract of sale of rubber gloves, 3 of whom were found guilty of criminal offenses and serious discipline, 2. executives in the board of directors of the NCPO, 1 of whom were found guilty of criminal offenses and serious discipline, and 3. private groups involved, 18 of whom were found guilty of criminal offenses. The other two accused, Mr Kiatkajorn Saetai and Mr Murthathorn Khambut, were found guilty of serious criminal offences and discipline. The NCPO has already ordered the dismissal, so there is no reason to refer the matter to the supervisor or the appointing authority for removal. To take further disciplinary action. As the executives on the NCPO board who have been found guilty of serious criminal offences and discipline have been removed from office, there is no reason to refer the matter to the supervisor or the person authorized to appoint and remove. To take disciplinary action as well. However, the identification of the P.P.C.'s guilt is not final until the court reaches a verdict. All of the accused are now considered innocent in the rubber glove procurement fraud case. It happened during the year 63, when Lt. Col. Roongroj was acting. Director of THE In collaboration with several private sectors, the company has implemented a project to purchase 500 million boxes of latex gloves worth 112,500 million baht and bring in 2,000 baht of TCS. Million Baht To pay a deposit to Guardian Gloves. Production Contractors However, after Mr. Kriangsak took over as director, he became the director. The New Commissioner Therefore, a thorough investigation was carried out and fraud was found. P.P.C. and P.O.C. in September 2020.
TAT Chu "Bird-Thongchai" Connecting all ages and traveling|Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) According to the government, 2023 is the year of tourism in Thailand. TAT has selected legendary Thai superstar Bird-Thongchai McIntyre as its brand ambassador because it has been assessed that it can connect people of all ages. The target audience is women. Elderly families make up about 70-80% of the Thai population, which TAT has partnered with GMM Grammy Public Company Limited. "The right moment, you can create no waiting" series of advertisements will be created through social media platforms together in 3-4 months, but use those advertising materials for a period of 2 years"Believed to have influence in psychology, attracting more Thai people to travel, reflected by the release of social media such as TikTok application, which was released only for a few days, but has already received more than 500,000 views.
Exports recover - interest rates slow down, Thai economy assesses|Mr. Akhom Thampittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that he had instructed the Office of Fiscal Policy (FISC). It is believed that when the export figures are seen in the first quarter of this year, it will be able to assess the economic condition of Thailand, but at the moment, it is still confirmed that the Thai economy will continue to expand in the range of 3-4%. The Ministry of Finance has not been silent, closely monitoring factors that will affect the Thai economy. Exports have slowed steadily since the end of last year until the beginning of this year. Recently, the news that exports have started to improve. "The economic recovery in the country is the result of the recovery of the tourism and hospitality sector, with foreign tourists visiting Thailand continuously, so the tourist service must not be interrupted, especially the airport services must facilitate tourists, which this year is expected to have 27.5 million foreign tourists visiting Thailand," SPONSORED reported on March 29. Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) KResearch estimates that the MPC will raise the policy rate by 0.25% from the current level of 1.50% to 1.75%. February was the lowest level in 13 months, slowing to 3.79%, and 2. Jawala Cimb Thai Bank's Executive Vice President, Head of Research Office, expects the MPC to raise the policy rate by 0.25% as there is still a need to raise interest rates. In order to pull inflation down, the MPC is expected to end this year's interest rate hike cycle as well. while Miss ROONG SANGUANRUANG Senior Director, Global Market Group Bank of Ayudhya Expected meeting The MPC will raise the policy rate by another 0.25% and there is a chance that the resolution will not be unanimous, which would signal a halt to the rate hike at the next meeting.
Petrol price today 28 Mar 2023 Latest fuel price Update How many baht per liter?|"Oil Prices Today" 28 Mar 23 Updated prices of all types of gasoline, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per liter on March 28, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 44 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.89 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.64 baht/liter Hi-diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi-diesel S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi-diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.04 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Petrol at 43.56 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.75 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.48 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.56 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.75 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER PETROLEUM E20 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER PETROLEUM E20 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER U44 baht/liter gasohol E85 at 33.89 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 at 34.34 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 91 at 36.64 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 at 36.94 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 at 46.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 at 33.74 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel at 33.74 Baht/liter 3.74 baht/litre Shell V-Power Diesel B7 at 44.64 baht/litre Extra Gasohol E20 at 33.04 baht/litre Extra Gasohol 91 at 35.08 baht/litre Super Gasohol 95 at 35.35 baht/litre Diesel at 33.44 baht/litre Diesel B7 at 33.44 baht/litre Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 at 45.14 baht/litre Supreme Plus Diesel B7 at 43.76 baht/litre.
"Trowel" Deliver polls MPs to 9 political parties |Mr. Kriangkrai Thieranukul Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) The FTI Poll was presented to representatives of 9 major political parties on "What do you think the new government should do in the first 90 days" to representatives of 9 major political parties: 1. What do you think the new government should do in the energy and electricity sectors? It found that 65.3% requested a review of the import tariff structure. In the category of raw materials that do not affect domestic producers. 3. How do you think the new government should accelerate the resolution of financial costs in the business sector, with 60% wanting the government to take measures to reduce the cost of production for SMEs in the tax system, such as reducing water bills? ELECTRICITY BILLSSPONSORED4.How do you think the new government should solve the labor problem? 65.8% want the government to support the payment of skilled workers and the state to improve the labor welfare system to reduce costs for workers. 5.How do you think the new government should tackle corruption? It found that 74.7% wanted the government to expedite the revision of secondary laws relating to public approval and that impede business operations as well as repeal outdated laws.
TAT joins hands with Tinder to invite singles to travel 7 juicy routes|Ms. Thapanee Kiatpaiboon, Deputy Governor for Domestic Market Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) TAT has partnered with dating application Tinder and Drive Digital Co., Ltd. to launch the Single Journey Season 2 #อย่าล้อเล่นกับความเหงา singles journey. For the second consecutive year, there will be 2 pilot activities during the month. This includes Activity 1, "Babe Fest, the Best of Soulmate Festival" from April 7-9, 2023 at Sermsuk Warehouse, Bangkok, and Activity 2, "Single on the Beach, Pattaya has Love". The tat expects to have 500 participants in both of these projects and will inspire singles to travel within the country"The goal of generating income for Thai people to travel in the country of TAT this year is 880,000 million baht, but if only singles travel, TAT sees that it will be 10% of the total target or 88,000 million baht in spending on tourism of singles in 2023." Suphan Buri 3. Looking for Love" Mukdahan - Nakhon Phanom 4. Romantic route, see the sea of clouds, Mae Hong Son 5. Live like a seaman 6. Tourist route "Rayong Try and love" Rayong 7. Fruit tasting and 7.Travel route "Single Sai Boon, wishing you to be a couple" Chiang Mai.SPONSORED
"Bangchak" joins songkran oil price freeze|Mr. Somchai Tejavanich Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President Marketing Business Group Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited Bangchak said it will freeze the retail price of all types of petrol between April 12-18, 2023. The drop in global oil will immediately reduce retail prices to reduce the cost of living for people returning to their homeland and traveling. When filling up with bangchak fuel for a total of 900 baht, consumers will receive 1 bottle of 1.5 liters of drinking water, Bangchak Green Miles members when filling up 1,500 baht will receive 2 bottles of drinking water. 600 baht discount slip for 15 baht discount when buying drinks and products in Intanin shop. In addition Bangchak Green Miles members travel with peace of mind and receive full privileges. Enjoy Songkran Accident Insurance with Songkran Sukjai Accident Insurance by using only 9 points to redeem for Happy Songkran Group Accident Insurance (MicroInsurance) policy coverage up to 100,000 baht. 30 days.
Gold Price Gold Price Today 29 Mar 2023 Open Wednesday Morning Market Up 200 Baht|Gold Price Today Latest Open Wednesday morning 29th March 2023 Up 200 baht for "gold bullion" price sold out 31,900 baht The price of "gold jewelry" is 32,400 baht per baht. Baht 29 Mar 23, 2023 The Gold Trade Association reported that thai gold prices today no. 1 At 09.26 a.m., it rose by 200 baht, resulting in "gold bullion" buying 31,800 baht per baht. Baht 31,900 per baht "Gold jewelry" is purchased at 31,229.60 baht per baht. Baht 32,400 per baht Gold Price Today 2 Shillings 50 Satang Gold Bullion 2 Shillings Buy 15,900 Baht Sell Out 15,950 Baht Gold Jewelry 2 Shillings Buy 15,614.8 Baht Sell Out 16,200 Baht Gold Price Today 1 Slung Gold Bullion 1 Slung Buy 7,950 Baht Sell Out 7,975 Baht Gold Jewelry 1 Slung Buy 7,807.4 Baht Sell Out 8,100 Baht BAHTSPONSORED Gold Price Today 1/2 Slueng Gold Bullion 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,975 Baht Sell Out 3,987.50 Baht Gold 1/2 Slueng Buy 3,903.70 Baht Sell Out 4,050 However, the price does not include gold and the price is subject to change. Please ask the gold shop staff again.
Oil Price Today 29 Mar 2023 Update all types of oil prices Latest How much does it cost?|"Oil Prices Today" 29 Mar 23, 2023 Check the price of all types of petrol, sohol, diesel compared to 4 pumps, the latest price of a liter is how many baht per liter on March 29, 2023. Gasoline, Gasohol and Diesel Group latest from Bangchak Petroleum Pcl. website, PTT website The prices are as follows: Gasohol 95S EVO at 35.75 Baht/liter, Gasohol 91S EV at 35.48 Baht/liter, Gasohol E20S EVO at 33.00 Baht/liter. 44 baht/liter gasohol E85S EVO at 33.89 baht/liter High Premium Diesel 97 at 45.64 baht/liter High diesel B20S at 33.44 baht/liter Hi Diesel S at 33.44 baht/liter High Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter High Power Diesel S B7 at 42.66 baht/liter Super Power Diesel B7 at 43.06 baht/liter Super Power Gasohol 95 at 43.04 baht/liter Diesel S B7 at 33.44 baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Diesel B20 at 33.44 Baht/liter Petrol at 43.56 Baht/liter Gasohol 95 at 35.75 Baht/liter Gasohol 91 at 35.48 Baht/liter SPONSORED Gasohol E20 at 33.48 Baht/liter SPONSORED gasohol E20 at 33.48 baht/liter PETROL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 at 33.48 baht/liter GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/liter GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.56 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 95 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.48 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 33.48 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 BAHT/LITER SPONSORED GASOHOL E20 AT 35.75 BAHT/LITER GASOHOL 91 AT 35.48 44 baht/liter gasohol E85 is 33.89 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol E20 is 34.84 baht/liter Shell FuseSave Gasohol 91 is at 37.14 baht/liter Shell FuelSave Gasohol 95 is at 37.44 baht/liter Shell V-Power Gasohol 95 is at 47.84 baht/liter Shell Diesel B20 is at 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel is 34.24 baht/liter 4.24 baht/liter Shell V-Power Diesel B7 is 44.64 baht/liter Extra Gasohol E20 is at 33.04 baht/liter Extra Gasohol 91 is at 35.08 baht/liter Super Gasohol 95 is at 35.35 baht/liter Diesel B7 is 33.44 baht/liter Supreme Plus Gasohol 95 is at 45.14 baht/liter Supreme Plus Diesel B7 is at 43.76 baht/liter.
