Thai researchers discover mangosteen extract helps fight cancer|Thai researchers discover mangosteen extract helps fight cancer Thai researchers discover mangosteen extract to prolong life in end-stage cancer patients Increase quality of life, achieved for the first time in the worldProf. Pichet Viriyajitra Head of Mangosteen Extract Research Team, Thai Mangosteen Research and Development Center Revealed that the research team has conducted research with Chiang Mai University, starting with the discovery of GM1 from mangosteen, which is the fruit queen of Thailand, and then mixing it with natural substances BIM extracted from guava, black sesame, soybean and Centella Asiatica to create a natural formula of BIM that can effectively adjust the body's immune level many times. Tests on end-stage cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy, along with tests on other cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy treatments, showed improved quality of life and prolongs the duration of life for end-stage cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy. It has also been found that this substance helps produce white blood cells. 17 This helps prevent and deal with cancer cells in the body, Prof. Pichet said that BIM is not a cure for cancer, it is just a dietary supplement that improves the quality of life for cancer patients. It has now been patented. Prof. Pichet Viriyajitra Head of Mangosteen Extract Research Team, Thai Mangosteen Research and Development Center Revealed that the research team has conducted research with Chiang Mai University, starting with the discovery of GM1 from mangosteen, which is the fruit queen of Thailand, and then mixing it with natural substances BIM extracted from guava, black sesame, soybean and Centella Asiatica to create a natural formula of BIM that can effectively adjust the body's immune level many times. Tests on end-stage cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy, along with tests on other cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy treatments, showed improved quality of life and prolongs the duration of life for end-stage cancer patients who did not respond to standard chemotherapy. It has also been found that this substance helps produce white blood cells. 17 This helps prevent and deal with cancer cells in the body, Prof. Pichet said that BIM is not a cure for cancer, it is just a dietary supplement that improves the quality of life for cancer patients. It has now been patented. 
"5th Anniversary of Thai PBS" Animation Contest to Promote Public Media Knowledge "Chao Som and Thai PBS Family" (Higher Education) |  On the occasion of the 5th anniversary of Thai PBS Television in 2013, the Institute of Public Media Studies (HSRI) Therefore, the project has launched an animation contest to tell the story of public media in order to enhance knowledge and understanding of public media to the public through the cartoon character "Chao Som and the Thai PBS Family". 3-5 minutes long Those who are studying in all fields of higher education who are interested You can participate in this contest. Submission deadline On Friday, September 28, 2012, "Thai PBS Public Media" has been producing television programs and distributing quality social media for the duration of its term. It will enter its sixth year in January 2013. A society that keeps pace with the changing world. Thai PBS also aims to develop and disseminate accurate public media knowledge to the public and society. In order for the public to understand and be able to participate with the public media well, the work of the public media can meet the needs. The term "public media or public service broadcasting" was first officially coined in 2008 by the Public Broadcasting Organization Act B.E. 2551 (2008) as a result of media reform since 1997. Its main characteristics are independence from government, commercial capital, and social and political pressure. The goal is to provide education. Consistent knowledge is necessary for all groups of people. Strengthen democracy and politics constructively in the citizenship dimension. Promote equity Justice and social diversity and provide information to people to keep pace with global social changes. Through the process of participation from the public and civil society, "Promoting Public Media Knowledge and Understanding to the People" is one of Thai PBS' missions. People who own public media will be able to "use public media" to answer basic needs and problems. The right to communicate for the development of oneself and the nation effectively and efficiently. "Animation" can be a tool that can be used to communicate the concept of public media more easily and understandably. Especially among the younger generation. In addition, Thai PBS has a strategic plan to support the industry. Animation producers and production in the near future with the Institute of Public Media Studies (HSRI). Therefore, the Public Media Knowledge Promotion Animation Contest "Chao Som and the Thai PBS Family" aims to support educational institutions and academic departments in communication arts to develop professional skills in both production and filming that are linked to the curriculum taught at the university so that communication arts students will have the opportunity to develop professional skills to prepare them for real work.
 "No experience" confirms "NASA" request to use U-Tapao Airport for academic cooperation| Minister of Science and Technology Reaffirming the case of cooperation between Thailand and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to conduct a project to study cloud formation affecting climate in Southeast Asia as an academic collaboration in the study of weather forecast data and stated that all steps in the operation are under the control of Thai authorities during the discussion on the case of allowing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to conduct a project to study cloud formation affecting the climate in Southeast Asia in Thailand to the Parliament. To explain the principles and guidelines and listen to suggestions from Member of Parliament, Mr. Samprasop Suraswady, Minister of Science and Technology. Confirm that all steps of NASA's program are under the supervision of Thai authorities. Since the use of U-Tapao Airport area. Sattahip District, Chonburi Province All operators' records, the use of high-tech equipment, the use and control of flight plans of operational aircraft, as well as the compilation of study results and the collection of weather forecasting data, except budget management is the responsibility of NASA. Refuse observations on actions related to or espionage of Thai military or security information. Although some data showed that 1 NASA plane had a history of espionage. Minister of Foreign Affairs He clarified that NASA's project at the congressional meeting today will be implemented next year, and from the first time it has been opposed to many issues, the government has reviewed information from various parties. In particular, Chinese officials rejected the observation of Thailand's dissatisfaction with Thailand's cooperation with the U.S. for parliamentary debates. Some government MPs and senators expressed confidence in the benefits Thailand will receive from NASA's cooperation. He urged all parties to stop viewing the project results as political issues while opposition MPs continued to challenge the suitability and reiterated that before accepting cooperation with NASA, the project would be considered a political issue. The government should bring the matter to parliamentary consideration under Article 190 of the Constitution for legality during the debate on the case of allowing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to conduct a study of cloud formation affecting Southeast Asia in Thailand to the Parliament. To explain the principles and guidelines and listen to suggestions from Member of Parliament, Mr. Samprasop Suraswady, Minister of Science and Technology. Confirm that all steps of NASA's program are under the supervision of Thai authorities. Since the use of U-Tapao Airport area. Sattahip District, Chonburi Province All operators' records, the use of high-tech equipment, the use and control of flight plans of operational aircraft, as well as the compilation of study results and the collection of weather forecasting data, except budget management is the responsibility of NASA. Refuse observations on actions related to or espionage of Thai military or security information. Although some data showed that 1 NASA plane had a history of espionage. Minister of Foreign Affairs He clarified that NASA's project at the congressional meeting today will be implemented next year, and from the first time it has been opposed to many issues, the government has reviewed information from various parties. In particular, Chinese officials rejected the observation of Thailand's dissatisfaction with Thailand's cooperation with the U.S. for parliamentary debates. Some government MPs and senators expressed confidence in the benefits Thailand will receive from NASA's cooperation. He urged all parties to stop viewing the project results as political issues while opposition MPs continued to challenge the suitability and reiterated that before accepting cooperation with NASA, the project would be considered a political issue. The government should take the matter to parliamentary consideration under Article 190 of the Constitution for legality.
The Administrative Court scheduled an emergency hearing to suspend the 3G bid today at 1 p.m.|The Administrative Court scheduled an emergency hearing to suspend the 3G bid today at 1 p.m. Central Administrative Court Holds Emergency Hearing Today (Oct. 11) at 1 p.m. whether to accept temporary protection or not. An independent academic in telecommunications has filed a lawsuit asking the Administrative Court to grant emergency injunction for temporary relief and suspension of the NBTC's 3G bid. Today (Oct. 11) at 1 p.m., the Central Administrative Court scheduled an emergency hearing on whether to grant interim protection. In the case of Mr. Anupap Thiralap, an independent academic in communication and telecommunications, filed a lawsuit asking the Administrative Court to grant emergency injunction for temporary relief and suspend the NBTC's 3G bid. There are 6 issues filed in the lawsuit related to consumer interests. Service area coverage, signal quality, and service rates do not have clear requirements. Mr. Anupam submitted to the Administrative Court. Request for a temporary injunction to suspend the auction of spectrum licenses for use in 3G telephone technology until the NBTC issues bidding conditions that are in the best interest of the public in the Association of Consumer Benefit Protection Institutes. Led by Mr. Pratap Senviraj The president of the association also filed a lawsuit with the Administrative Court for a temporary injunction to suspend the 3G bid and to revoke the NBTC's announcement. dtac Network Co., Ltd. is 1 out of 3 companies eligible to bid. Foreign shareholding, which is contrary to the Foreign Business Act. On this issue, the court has not made any order on the part of the group of employees. TOT Company led by Mr. Narapol Plainet Observed Mr. Anupapa's filing, having previously submitted a letter to the Chairman of the NBTC. Issued a notification confirming the inspection of the concession contracts of 3 mobile phone companies with state-owned enterprises before the official auction on October 16. If this is not done, it is possible that the group will file a lawsuit to suspend the 3G bid next week as well. Secretary-General of the NBTC Speaking about the fact that two petitioners have filed a lawsuit with the Administrative Court to suspend the 3G auction, he said that litigation is a right that can be done and that they are willing and willing to clarify the bidding process and procedures. While there is no order from the Central Administrative Court, the NBTC will continue to hold the 3G auction according to the original time frame because the opening of the license auction is in accordance with the law and authority of the NBTC today (October 11) at 1 p.m. In the case of Mr. Anupap Thiralap, an independent academic in communication and telecommunications, filed a lawsuit asking the Administrative Court to grant emergency injunction for temporary relief and suspend the NBTC's 3G bid. There are 6 issues filed in the lawsuit related to consumer interests. Service area coverage, signal quality, and service rates do not have clear requirements. Mr. Anupam submitted to the Administrative Court. Request for a temporary injunction to suspend the auction of spectrum licenses for use in 3G telephone technology until the NBTC issues bidding conditions that are in the best interest of the public in the Association of Consumer Benefit Protection Institutes. Led by Mr. Pratap Senviraj The president of the association also filed a lawsuit with the Administrative Court for a temporary injunction to suspend the 3G bid and to revoke the NBTC's announcement. dtac Network Co., Ltd. is 1 out of 3 companies eligible to bid. Foreign shareholding, which is contrary to the Foreign Business Act. On this issue, the court has not made any order on the part of the group of employees. TOT Company led by Mr. Narapol Plainet Observed Mr. Anupapa's filing, having previously submitted a letter to the Chairman of the NBTC. Issued a notification confirming the inspection of the concession contracts of 3 mobile phone companies with state-owned enterprises before the official auction on October 16. If this is not done, it is possible that the group will file a lawsuit to suspend the 3G bid next week as well. Secretary-General of the NBTC Speaking about the fact that two petitioners have filed a lawsuit with the Administrative Court to suspend the 3G auction, he said that litigation is a right that can be done and that they are willing and willing to clarify the bidding process and procedures. While there is no order from the Central Administrative Court, the NBTC will continue to hold the 3G auction according to the original time frame because the license auction is in accordance with the law and authority of the NBTC.
"Suryasai" prepares to submit to Administrative Court for emergency hearing to suspend 3G bid again |"Suryasai" prepares to submit to Administrative Court for emergency hearing to suspend 3G bid Once again, "Suriyasai Katasila", coordinator of the Green Group, one of the prosecutors to suspend the 3G auction, is preparing to go to the Administrative Court with his lawyer again. Today (Oct. 18) to file an additional complaint and request an emergency hearing. After the Telecommunications Commission Prepare a meeting to vote on the results of the auction of 3G licensed spectrum Today, while 1 in the NBTC on consumer protection Ask the Telecommunications Commission Review the results of the new auction or cancel the auction and arrange a new auction. Katasila Green Group coordinators and lawyers are preparing to go to the Administrative Court again. today (Oct. 18) to file additional lawsuits after Oct. 15. The petitioner asked the court to grant a temporary injunction to suspend the 3G auction because it considered that the initial price was too low for the Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University. It was also reported that the NBTC's telecommunications committee meeting The meeting will be held to certify the bidding results with Mr. Thakorn Tantasit. Secretary-General of the NBTC He revealed that the Telecommunications Committee meeting today will meet to endorse the bidding resolution3, but will the NBTC Committee see the same direction? At the discretion of the Board of Directors. However, if there are no objections, the meeting will be certified and the private sector will be required to pay 50% of the bid amount within 90 days. NBTC on Consumer Protection on Telecom Propose to the Telecommunications Commission to cancel the auction results because it is of the opinion that if it goes ahead, it may be considered a mistake. Therefore, it is considered that the auction results should be reviewed or cancelled and rearranged. Katasila Green Group coordinators and lawyers are preparing to go to the Administrative Court again. today (Oct. 18) to file additional lawsuits after Oct. 15. The petitioner asked the court to grant a temporary injunction to suspend the 3G auction because it considered that the initial price was too low for the Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University. It was also reported that the NBTC's telecommunications committee meeting The meeting will be held to certify the bidding results with Mr. Thakorn Tantasit. Secretary-General of the NBTC He revealed that the Telecommunications Committee meeting today will meet to endorse the bidding resolution3, but will the NBTC Committee see the same direction? At the discretion of the Board of Directors. However, if there are no objections, the meeting will be certified and the private sector will be required to pay 50% of the bid amount within 90 days. NBTC on Consumer Protection on Telecom Propose to the Telecommunications Commission to cancel the auction results because it is of the opinion that if it goes ahead, it may be considered a mistake. Therefore, it is considered that the auction results should be reviewed or cancelled and rearranged.
NBTC launches 3G auction today (Oct 16) at 08.00 hrs.|NBTC launches 3G auction today (Oct. 16) at 8 a.m. Today (Oct. 16) at 8 a.m., the NBTC will hold a 3G auction, which is prepared especially by security measures. The NBTC will hold a 3G auction at the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) building. Today (Oct. 16) at 8 a.m., 4 auction rooms will be prepared, namely the meeting room on the 3rd floor, 4th floor and 6th floor, while the 5th floor will be used as a backup room.  First steps on auction day The cars of the bidders of each company will be parked in front of the Administration Building, NBTC Office. The media will stand in the designated area. Subsequently, bidders will have to walk through the scanner to check the communication devices. Bidders are not allowed to bring electronic equipment. Registration will open at 08.00 a.m., starting the lottery process from 9.00 a.m. to 10.00 a.m., will be the first knock on the price, and hold 3 press conferences on the progress of the media at 10.00 a.m., 4.00 p.m. and 21.00 a.m. The auction will resume tomorrow (Oct. 17) at 10 a.m., with the final bidding price set for Oct. 16. NBTC I've got an uninterruptible power supply in place. Even if the power goes out, the auction can continue until the scheduled time, which is from 10.00 a.m. to 21.00 a.m. In addition, observers inspected the auction, including Mr. Pisit Leelaochiropas, Governor of the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand and Mr. Chalermsak Chantratim. The Office of the Ombudsman, in order to demonstrate the transparency and accuracy of the NBTC, will hold a 3G auction at the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) building. Today (Oct. 16) at 8 a.m., 4 auction rooms will be prepared, namely the meeting room on the 3rd floor, 4th floor and 6th floor, while the 5th floor will be used as a backup room.  First steps on auction day The cars of the bidders of each company will be parked in front of the Administration Building, NBTC Office. The media will stand in the designated area. Subsequently, bidders will have to walk through the scanner to check the communication devices. Bidders are not allowed to bring electronic equipment. Registration will open at 08.00 a.m., starting the lottery process from 9.00 a.m. to 10.00 a.m., will be the first knock on the price, and hold 3 press conferences on the progress of the media at 10.00 a.m., 4.00 p.m. and 21.00 a.m. The auction will resume tomorrow (Oct. 17) at 10 a.m., with the final bidding price set for Oct. 16. NBTC I've got an uninterruptible power supply in place. Even if the power goes out, the auction can continue until the scheduled time, which is from 10.00 a.m. to 21.00 a.m. In addition, observers inspected the auction, including Mr. Pisit Leelaochiropas, Governor of the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand and Mr. Chalermsak Chantratim. Office of the Ombudsman to demonstrate transparency and accuracy of the NBTC.
NBTC Prepare to submit 3G transparent bidding documents  |NBTC Preparing to submit transparent 3G bidding documents TDRI chairman proposes to the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) to set a lower price to at least rank 2nd in ASEAN and urgently consider complaints from various sectors. He will submit clarification documents to confirm the transparency of the 3G auction to various agencies including the NACC, STONG, and DSI. The Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) confirmed that the NBTC has followed the 3G auction process transparently and accurately, and welcomed the 4 agencies, namely the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC), the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), the Ombudsman, and the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand (SET). Check in today (24 NBTC Secretary-General Thakorn Tantasit will bring all documents to clarify all issues to such agencies, starting with the NACC first, and reiterating the intention of the committee to operate in good faith for the benefit of the nation. It is expected that the process of checking bidding behavior will take 15 days and all information will be submitted to the SEC meeting and another 7 days before the license can be issued. As for the working group, the NBTC Will invite the Secretary-General of the Office of the House of Representatives. He chaired the audit committee along with experts from various sectors. Tangkijvanit The chairman of Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) proposed four methods of implementation after the 3G auction. The goal is to set prices at least second in ASEAN. Reduce the mobile network connection rate to no more than 25 satang per minute and reduce the interconnection fee for data communication in line with the actual cost. Expedite the consideration of complaints from consumers. By instructing the NBTC Fully support the duties of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications and not undermine the work of such Subcommittee by using other mechanisms, including reducing barriers to market entry of telecommunications operators. The ban on foreign business takeovers has been lifted, which has the effect of preventing new operators from entering the market in both the past 3G auctions until only three bidders remained and other license auctions that will take place in the future. The Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) confirmed that the NBTC has followed the 3G auction process transparently and accurately, and welcomed the 4 agencies, namely the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC), the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), the Ombudsman, and the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand (SET). Check in today (24 NBTC Secretary-General Thakorn Tantasit will bring all documents to clarify all issues to such agencies, starting with the NACC first, and reiterating the intention of the committee to operate in good faith for the benefit of the nation. It is expected that the process of checking bidding behavior will take 15 days and all information will be submitted to the SEC meeting and another 7 days before the license can be issued. As for the working group, the NBTC Will invite the Secretary-General of the Office of the House of Representatives. He chaired the audit committee along with experts from various sectors. Tangkijvanit The chairman of Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) proposed four methods of implementation after the 3G auction. The goal is to set prices at least second in ASEAN. Reduce the mobile network connection rate to no more than 25 satang per minute and reduce the interconnection fee for data communication in line with the actual cost. Expedite the consideration of complaints from consumers. By instructing the NBTC Fully support the duties of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications and not undermine the work of such Subcommittee by using other mechanisms, including reducing barriers to market entry of telecommunications operators. The ban on foreign business takeovers has been lifted, which has the effect of preventing new operators from entering the market in both the past 3G auctions until there were only three bidders left, and other license auctions that will take place in the future.
Laos to launch 4G services for Asia-Europe meeting|Laos to launch 4G services for Asia-Europe meeting Laos announced the launch of 4G throughout Vientiane to facilitate leaders and guests from 50 countries attending the Asia-Europe summit, with Laos becoming the second country in the ASEAN region after Singapore.laovoices.com The 9th edition will be held on November 5-6 in Vientiane. Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao Telecommunications Executive The latest 4G technology, which is five times faster than 3G technology, will be used at the Asia-Europe Leaders' Meeting, and once completed, it will be made available to people in Vientiane and will be expanded to provinces. Huawei Technology of China, a leading company in the field of communication technology. 4G transmitters have been installed in 20 locations across Vientiane, which have been successfully installed and are set to open in November. In Laos' provinces, 4G is expected to be implemented by the end of this year or early next year. There are 4 companies: ETL Star Telecom Co., Ltd. uses the trade names Unitel and Lao Telecom Co., Ltd. and B-Line Co., Ltd., while 4G focuses on data transmission and internet only, suitable for businesses that require Internet network technology all the time and focus on transmitting data via high-speed internet in large volumes. However, the number of devices available in Thailand that support 4G is still small, laovoices.com reported that the Lao Telecommunications Organization has officially announced that Lao authorities have launched 4G technology in preparation for the Asia-Europe leaders' meeting. The 9th edition will be held on November 5-6 in Vientiane. Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao Telecommunications Executive The latest 4G technology, which is five times faster than 3G technology, will be used at the Asia-Europe Leaders' Meeting, and once completed, it will be made available to people in Vientiane and will be expanded to provinces. Huawei Technology of China, a leading company in the field of communication technology. 4G transmitters have been installed in 20 locations across Vientiane, which have been successfully installed and are set to open in November. In Laos' provinces, 4G is expected to be implemented by the end of this year or early next year. There are 4 companies: ETL Star Telecom Co., Ltd. uses the trade names Unitel and Lao Telecom Co., Ltd. and B-Line Co., Ltd., while 4G focuses on data transmission and internet only, suitable for businesses that require Internet network technology all the time and focus on transmitting data via high-speed internet in large volumes. However, the number of devices available in Thailand that support 4G is still small.
The Foundation for Consumers offers Consumer care guidelines after digital TV|The Foundation for Consumers offers Consumer care guidelines after digital TV The Foundation for Consumers offers Consumer Care Guidelines After Digital TV Transition By focusing on controlling the presentation of content as well as reducing the burden of consumer expenses on installing new receiver systems. Secretary-General of the Foundation for Consumer Affairs said that the analogue broadcast transmission system has been converted to TV. It is important that the NBTC takes into account that after the system transition, there are 4 issues: 1. The NBTC must control that there are public channels at least 20% according to the Spectrum Allocation Law2.The NBTC must set the maximum price for the sale of digital TV set-top boxes. To reduce the cost burden for the people and use analogue and digital systems in parallel in the early stages to enable people to adapt.3. 4. The NBTC must impose strict sanctions on producers to improve Mr. Mana. Trirayapiwat An academic from the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce said the NBTC must not take into account the auction numbers rather than the interests of consumers. The system must cover all areas and must strengthen consumers. Be aware of the media and have channels for public scrutiny. The NBTC must support more quality and diversified producers so that people can have a choice while the NBTC's consumer protection laws are now sufficient but lack seriousness in enforcement. After changing the system to digital TV, it will have to increase the need. Secretary-General of the Foundation for Consumer Affairs said that the analogue broadcast transmission system has been converted to TV. It is important that the NBTC takes into account that after the system transition, there are 4 issues: 1. The NBTC must control that there are public channels at least 20% according to the Spectrum Allocation Law2.The NBTC must set the maximum price for the sale of digital TV set-top boxes. To reduce the cost burden for the people and use analogue and digital systems in parallel in the early stages to enable people to adapt.3. 4. The NBTC must impose strict sanctions on producers to improve Mr. Mana. Trirayapiwat An academic from the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce said the NBTC must not take into account the auction numbers rather than the interests of consumers. The system must cover all areas and must strengthen consumers. Be aware of the media and have channels for public scrutiny. The NBTC must support more quality and diversified producers so that people can have a choice while the NBTC's consumer protection laws are now sufficient but lack seriousness in enforcement. After switching to digital TV, it will have to be more stringent.
This winter Watch the "Leonids and Geminids" meteor shower fall at its peak. End of Year 2012|This winter Watch the meteor shower, the Royal Thai Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization), Ministry of Science and Technology Invite Thai people to see the meteor shower at the end of 2012, including the Leonids meteor shower on November 17-18 and the Geminids meteor shower on December 13-14 by Mr. Saran Posayachinda. Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) The Leonids meteor shower, which will occur most likely on November 17-18, 2012, can be observed from after midnight on November 17 and continues until the early morning of November 18. This year is a great opportunity to see the Leonids meteor shower as it is the fourth moon moon after midnight when the moon has gone down. The sky is pitch dark, perfect for viewing meteor showers. Astronomers predict that up to 15 meteors could be seen per hour. The Leonids meteor shower was caused by a stream of comet 55P debris. 55P Tempel-Tuttle remains in the orbit of the comet. Cut through Earth's orbit. This causes the dust fragments of those comets to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It burned until it saw a flash of light like a fireball running across the sky. The orbital direction of the Leonids meteor shower is contrary to the direction of the Earth's orbit around the Sun. As a result, the speed of incoming dust grains rubbing against the earth's atmosphere is quite high. It has a speed of up to 71 kilometers per second. The Leonids meteor shower is the brightest meteor shower, hence the nickname "King of Meteor Showers". Meteors are observed very bright. All in all. To make the most comfortable viewing of a meteor shower, lie down and wait for it, as the center of the meteor shower is right above the sky in the middle of your head. As for recording meteor showers, It is impossible to tell exactly which direction to set the camera. It takes guessing or turning on the camera to wait for the meteor to pass in front of the camera, as the Leonids meteor shower has a very high rate of speed and spreads across the sky in addition to the Leonids meteor shower that will be seen in November. This year is a great opportunity to see the beauty of the Geminids meteor shower because it is the 15th moonlit night and there is no light from the moon disturbing it. Astronomers estimate that more than 120 Geminids meteor showers can be observed per hour. It is easier to observe than the Leonids meteor shower because it does not have much meteor velocity. About 35 kilometers per second There's enough time to point out the meteor shower. Dr. Saran said about organizing academic services in astronomy to the public, "The National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) organized an activity inviting Thai people to observe the Leonids meteor shower and Geminids meteor shower called "Open the Sky to Find the Stars" at the top of Doi Inthanon, Chom Thong District, Chiang Mai. In addition, telescopes will be set up to observe other celestial bodies, lectures on stargazing, astronomical activities, and a tour of the 7th Anniversary Observatory, which will be officially opened in January 2013. Those interested can join the event free of charge. For more information, please visit www.narit.or.th or Facebook/National Astronomical Research Institute. Call 053-225569 Ext. 305Activities "Open the sky...find the stars" is an academic service activity for the public to provide basic knowledge in astronomy. Introduce how to see the stars, teach you how to use star maps, and practice observing celestial bodies through different types of telescopes. It is scheduled to be held from November to March every year because it is winter, the visibility of the sky is suitable for stargazing, no clouds to obscure it. This year's stargazing event is scheduled to be held 6 times as follows: 1st November 17-18, 2012 (Leonids meteor shower) at Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai 2nd December 13-14, 2012 (Geminids meteor shower) at Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai 3rd Sunday January 13, 2013 at Three Kings Monument Plaza The 4th Chiang Mai Friday 1 February 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University The 5th Thursday 21 February 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University The 6th Saturday 2 March 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University Interested members of the public can apply for the event as scheduled. It's free of charge. For more information, please visit www.narit.or.th or Facebook National Astronomical Research Institute Twitter: International Relations and Public Relations Department @N_Earth Tel. 053-225569 Ext. 210 or 081-8854353 E-Mail: pr@narit.or.th / www.narit.or.thFacebook: National Astronomical Research InstituteTwiiter: @N_Earth Leonids meteor shower, Leonids meteor shower, or Lion constellation rain, occurs around mid-November every year. This year, it was best observed on the night of November 17 to the morning of November 18. Our planet has moved into a stream of comet dust 55P. 55P Tempel-Tuttle left while orbiting the Sun for a time when Thailand will have a chance to observe meteor showers. Starting from just after midnight on the 17th until the morning of November 18, the observation is to face northeast, and from midnight to 05:00 is the peak time of the meteor shower, this time at a rate of about 15 meteors per hour. 55P Tempel-Tuttle, which orbits the Sun in an elliptical direction opposite the Earth's orbit around the Sun. Therefore, when the Earth orbits through a stream of debris dust of this comet, it causes a meteor shower of relatively high speed. At speeds of up to 71 kilometers per second, meteors can be observed from all directions from the center of distribution around the constellation Lion. Which meteor is large, has a light and a very long tail is called Fireball. Therefore, find a place with a completely dark sky without light interference, as this meteor shower phenomenon will occur all over the sky. Recommended equipment for observation includes a folding chair or mat for reclining, paper and a pen for taking notes on the number of meteor showers. The latest phenomenon of the Leonids meteor shower with a lot of fireballs is 1998, and the next one is predicted to occur in the next 19 years, that is, 2031. IMO Meteor Shower Calendar 2012, http://www.imo.net/calendar/2012#leo; Accessed October 31, 2012, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization), Ministry of Science and Technology. Invite Thai people to see the meteor shower at the end of 2012, including the Leonids meteor shower on November 17-18 and the Geminids meteor shower on December 13-14 by Mr. Saran Posayachinda. Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) The Leonids meteor shower, which will occur most likely on November 17-18, 2012, can be observed from after midnight on November 17 and continues until the early morning of November 18. This year is a great opportunity to see the Leonids meteor shower as it is the fourth moon moon after midnight when the moon has gone down. The sky is pitch dark, perfect for viewing meteor showers. Astronomers predict that up to 15 meteors could be seen per hour. The Leonids meteor shower was caused by a stream of comet 55P debris. 55P Tempel-Tuttle remains in the orbit of the comet. Cut through Earth's orbit. This causes the dust fragments of those comets to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It burned until it saw a flash of light like a fireball running across the sky. The orbital direction of the Leonids meteor shower is contrary to the direction of the Earth's orbit around the Sun. As a result, the speed of incoming dust grains rubbing against the earth's atmosphere is quite high. It has a speed of up to 71 kilometers per second. The Leonids meteor shower is the brightest meteor shower, hence the nickname "King of Meteor Showers". Meteors are observed very bright. All in all. To make the most comfortable viewing of a meteor shower, lie down and wait for it, as the center of the meteor shower is right above the sky in the middle of your head. As for recording meteor showers, It is impossible to tell exactly which direction to set the camera. It takes guessing or turning on the camera to wait for the meteor to pass in front of the camera, as the Leonids meteor shower has a very high rate of speed and spreads across the sky in addition to the Leonids meteor shower that will be seen in November. This year is a great opportunity to see the beauty of the Geminids meteor shower because it is the 15th moonlit night and there is no light from the moon disturbing it. Astronomers estimate that more than 120 Geminids meteor showers can be observed per hour. It is easier to observe than the Leonids meteor shower because it does not have much meteor velocity. About 35 kilometers per second There's enough time to point out the meteor shower. Dr. Saran said about organizing academic services in astronomy to the public, "The National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) organized an activity inviting Thai people to observe the Leonids meteor shower and Geminids meteor shower called "Open the Sky to Find the Stars" at the top of Doi Inthanon, Chom Thong District, Chiang Mai. In addition, telescopes will be set up to observe other celestial bodies, lectures on stargazing, astronomical activities, and a tour of the 7th Anniversary Observatory, which will be officially opened in January 2013. Those interested can join the event free of charge. For more information, please visit www.narit.or.th or Facebook/National Astronomical Research Institute. Call 053-225569 Ext. 305Activities "Open the sky...find the stars" is an academic service activity for the public to provide basic knowledge in astronomy. Introduce how to see the stars, teach you how to use star maps, and practice observing celestial bodies through different types of telescopes. It is held from November to March every year.  Since it is winter, the visibility of the sky is suitable for stargazing, no clouds to obscure it. This year's stargazing event is scheduled to be held 6 times as follows: 1st November 17-18, 2012 (Leonids meteor shower) at Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai 2nd December 13-14, 2012 (Geminids meteor shower) at Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai 3rd Sunday January 13, 2013 at Three Kings Monument Plaza The 4th Chiang Mai Friday 1 February 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University The 5th Thursday 21 February 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University The 6th Saturday 2 March 2013 at Sirindhorn Observatory, Chiang Mai University Interested members of the public can apply for the event as scheduled. It's free of charge. For more information, please visit www.narit.or.th or Facebook National Astronomical Research Institute Twitter: International Relations and Public Relations Department @N_Earth Tel. 053-225569 Ext. 210 or 081-8854353 E-Mail: pr@narit.or.th / www.narit.or.thFacebook: National Astronomical Research InstituteTwiiter: @N_Earth Leonids meteor shower, Leonids meteor shower, or Lion constellation rain, occurs around mid-November every year. This year, it was best observed on the night of November 17 to the morning of November 18. Our planet has moved into a stream of comet dust 55P. 55P Tempel-Tuttle left while orbiting the Sun for a time when Thailand will have a chance to observe meteor showers. Starting from just after midnight on the 17th until the morning of November 18, the observation is to face northeast, and from midnight to 05:00 is the peak time of the meteor shower, this time at a rate of about 15 meteors per hour. 55P Tempel-Tuttle, which orbits the Sun in an elliptical direction opposite the Earth's orbit around the Sun. Therefore, when the Earth orbits through a stream of debris dust of this comet, it causes a meteor shower of relatively high speed. At speeds of up to 71 kilometers per second, meteors can be observed from all directions from the center of distribution around the constellation Lion. Which meteor is large, has a light and a very long tail is called Fireball. Therefore, find a place with a completely dark sky without light interference, as this meteor shower phenomenon will occur all over the sky. Recommended equipment for observation includes a folding chair or mat for reclining, paper and a pen for taking notes on the number of meteor showers. The latest phenomenon of the Leonids meteor shower with a lot of fireballs is 1998, and the next one is predicted to occur in the next 19 years, that is, 2031. IMO Meteor Shower Calendar 2012, http://www.imo.net/calendar/2012#leo; Accessed October 31, 2012.
NBTC 3G3 licenses are expected to be issued no later than the end of this month.|NBTC The NBTC expects to issue 3G3 licenses no later than the end of this month. It is expected that 3G licenses will be issued to three private sectors no later than the end of December. After the Administrative Court refused to accept the case and disposed of the case from the system. Meanwhile, TDRI chairman viewed the administrative court's order refusing to prosecute on the grounds that the Ombudsman had no right to file a lawsuit. The NBTC, which is an independent organization responsible for allocating spectrum directly, will result in difficulties. In examining the work of the NBTC from now on, Mr. Somkiat Tangkijvanit President, Thailand Development Institute Commenting after the Administrative Court ordered the 3G auction case, stating that the Ombudsman as the complainant The NBTC does not have the authority to file a lawsuit. He said the order could become a condition that would make monitoring the work of the NBTC more difficult. Auctions that will follow in the future, such as the 4G auction. He urged the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) to urgently investigate the behavior of the committee involved in the auction in the meantime. Secretary-General of the Ombudsman The Central Administrative Court, which voted by a majority to reject the case, submitted to the Ombudsman Committee meeting this week to consider whether to appeal the court order. Gen. Tares Punsri Chairman of NBTC and Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General of the NBTC They said they are ready to move forward with the licensing process for the winning 3G spectrum licenses, saying they will be able to move the whole process forward. The Ombudsman may file an appeal on December 7. The Telecommunications Commission will meet to finalize whether to grant 3G licenses to private individuals on December 20 as previously scheduled, as well as forcing private sectors to submit a summary of plans to reduce 3G service fees by 15-20%. President of the Confederation of Consumer Organizations The NBTC has a clear plan regarding the 3G service fee, whereby the NBTC will issue licenses to private individuals. Consumer representatives should be involved in the deliberations with Mr. Suriyasai. Katasila The Green Group Coordinator said today (Dec. 4) that Green Group and its network will file an inquiry and seek advice from the Administrative Court on which agencies have the authority and right to file a lawsuit. NBTC has some. After the court found that the Ombudsman did not have the authority to prosecute the case, he submitted the case to the Ombudsman to appeal the case to the Supreme Administrative Court to find a clear resolution. Tangkijvanit President, Thailand Development Institute Commenting after the Administrative Court ordered the 3G auction case, stating that the Ombudsman as the complainant The NBTC does not have the authority to file a lawsuit. He said the order could become a condition that would make monitoring the work of the NBTC more difficult. Auctions that will follow in the future, such as the 4G auction. He urged the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) to urgently investigate the behavior of the committee involved in the auction in the meantime. Secretary-General of the Ombudsman The Central Administrative Court, which voted by a majority to reject the case, submitted to the Ombudsman Committee meeting this week to consider whether to appeal the court order. Gen. Tares Punsri Chairman of NBTC and Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General of the NBTC They said they are ready to move forward with the licensing process for the winning 3G spectrum licenses, saying they will be able to move the whole process forward. The Ombudsman may file an appeal on December 7. The Telecommunications Commission will meet to finalize whether to grant 3G licenses to private individuals on December 20 as previously scheduled, as well as forcing private sectors to submit a summary of plans to reduce 3G service fees by 15-20%. President of the Confederation of Consumer Organizations The NBTC has a clear plan regarding the 3G service fee, whereby the NBTC will issue licenses to private individuals. Consumer representatives should be involved in the deliberations with Mr. Suriyasai. Katasila The Green Group Coordinator said today (Dec. 4) that Green Group and its network will file an inquiry and seek advice from the Administrative Court on which agencies have the authority and right to file a lawsuit. NBTC has some. After the court finds that the Ombudsman does not have the authority to prosecute the case, it will submit a case to the Ombudsman to appeal the case to the Supreme Administrative Court for a clear resolution.
The Administrative Court scheduled to hear the 3G auction order today (December 3). |The Administrative Court scheduled to hear the 3G auction order today (December 3). Central Administrative Court to hear court order in case the Ombudsman filed a lawsuit NBTC in case of 3G auction today (3 It noted the outcome of this hearing in three ways: an injunction to cancel the auction; There is no injunction but the case may be disposed of. After no protection order and no prosecution today (Dec. 3) at 1.30 p.m., the Central Administrative Court has summoned the parties to hear the order of the Central Administrative Court in the case between the Ombudsman as the prosecutor and the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). As the defendant, on the issue of the readiness proposal, Opinion and request for the court to determine measures or means of protection for interim relief before the judgment of the petitioner for this case. Disputes involving administrative agencies or government officials Act unlawfully or request to revoke the operation of the NBTC In the management of 3G auctions by the Ombudsman, the NBTC sued that The auction of spectrum was held in accordance with the notification of the Board of Directors. NBTC Re: Criteria and Procedures for the Permission to Use Spectrum for International Mobile Telecommunications in the 2.1GHz B.E. 2555 (2012) and Notification Re: Criteria and Procedures for the Use of Spectrum It is requested to revoke the operation together with the notification related to the consideration of the license to use such spectrum and request to delay such permission before Mr. Suriyasai Katasila The Green Group coordinator urged to keep an eye on the Administrative Court's decision on whether there will be a temporary injunction in the case of the 3G auction. There is no real competition, corrupting the state and the people. The court may cancel the bid and allow the Telecommunications Commission or the SEC to rearrange the bid. 2. There may not be a temporary injunction, but the court may accept the case, which will have problems as to whether the SEC will dare to issue licenses to entrepreneurs because there may be problems later.3. The court may not grant a temporary injunction and dispose of the case at the same time. In the investigation process of the National Anti-Corruption Commission because the NACC will only point out criminal cases and offences under the Hua Bid Act and Section 157 of the Criminal Code, today (December 3) at 1.30 p.m., the Central Administrative Court has a warrant to appoint the parties to hear the order of the Central Administrative Court in the case between the Ombudsman as the prosecutor and the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). As the defendant, on the issue of the readiness proposal, Opinion and request for the court to determine measures or means of protection for interim relief before the judgment of the petitioner for this case. Disputes involving administrative agencies or government officials Act unlawfully or request to revoke the operation of the NBTC In the management of 3G auctions by the Ombudsman, the NBTC sued that The auction of spectrum was held in accordance with the notification of the Board of Directors. NBTC Re: Criteria and Procedures for the Permission to Use Spectrum for International Mobile Telecommunications in the 2.1GHz B.E. 2555 (2012) and Notification Re: Criteria and Procedures for the Use of Spectrum It is requested to revoke the operation together with the notification related to the consideration of the license to use such spectrum and request to delay such permission before Mr. Suriyasai Katasila The Green Group coordinator urged to keep an eye on the Administrative Court's decision on whether there will be a temporary injunction in the case of the 3G auction. There is no real competition, corrupting the state and the people. The court may cancel the bid and allow the Telecommunications Commission or the SEC to rearrange the bid. 2. There may not be a temporary injunction, but the court may accept the case, which will have problems as to whether the SEC will dare to issue licenses to entrepreneurs because there may be problems later.3. The court may not grant a temporary injunction and dispose of the case at the same time. In the investigation process of the National Anti-Corruption Commission because the NACC will only point out criminal cases, offences under the Hua Bid Act and Section 157 of the Criminal Code.
  IBM identifies Big Data as an important reason for using cloud platforms| IBM identifies Big Data as an important reason for using cloud platforms IBM launched a Platform as a Service (PaaS) cloud service called "IBM SmartCloud Application Services", enabling organizations to build and deploy their own software programs quickly and efficiently.  SmartCloud Application Services combines expertise into an integrated set of shared services and patterns. It accelerates the development and delivery of new applications, eliminates personnel errors, and achieves consistent results. The patterns of these applications can also be adapted to the public cloud. IBM SmartCloud Enterprise or use it with the on-premises cloud with the IBM PureApplication System or through IBM Workload Deployer. This customizable and multi-platform pattern gives users complete and flexible control over application deployment. A new IBM Center for Applied Insights study, based on a survey of more than 1,500 IT executives from 18 countries, found that visionary IT executives are ready to deploy PaaS immediately to gain a business advantage. The study also shows that nearly 20 percent of respondents are currently using PaaS, and more than half are aware of the new technology. Unlike other cloud computing services such as infrastructure as a service and software as a service, PaaS offers the foundation of application services. The study found that 49 percent of IT executives recognize the importance of PaaS, a way to drive innovation and improve the lifecycle of all applications across the organization. Currently, these executives are considering using PaaS as a practical guide for future system expansion. IT executives believe that PaaS will make a difference and bring great benefits to the business because it will set the standard for development, deployment, production and maintenance. Business Services IBM Corporation Just as automakers use platforms or chassis together to efficiently produce a wide range of cars, he said: PaaS helps organizations set standards for their IT platforms and deliver new products unparalleled. To drive business innovation on key applications of the organization. One of the most significant benefits of PaaS is its ability to use patterns, which allows for tested templates to start developing specific applications right away in no time. With good cloud features If you're a financial services company and you want a mobile app for customers who want to find details about different forms of savings, you don't want to start from scratch. The PaaS pattern gives you a comprehensive set of tools to quickly build mobile applications. See the PaaS research report on www.ibm.com/cai/paas SmartCloud Application Services combines expertise in an integrated suite of shared services and patterns. It accelerates the development and delivery of new applications, eliminates personnel errors, and achieves consistent results. The patterns of these applications can also be adapted to the public cloud. IBM SmartCloud Enterprise or use it with the on-premises cloud with the IBM PureApplication System or through IBM Workload Deployer. This customizable and multi-platform pattern gives users complete and flexible control over application deployment. A new IBM Center for Applied Insights study, based on a survey of more than 1,500 IT executives from 18 countries, found that visionary IT executives are ready to deploy PaaS immediately to gain a business advantage. The study also shows that nearly 20 percent of respondents are currently using PaaS, and more than half are aware of the new technology. Unlike other cloud computing services such as infrastructure as a service and software as a service, PaaS offers the foundation of application services. The study found that 49 percent of IT executives recognize the importance of PaaS, a way to drive innovation and improve the lifecycle of all applications across the organization. Currently, these executives are considering using PaaS as a practical guide for future system expansion. IT executives believe that PaaS will make a difference and bring great benefits to the business because it will set the standard for development, deployment, production and maintenance. Business Services IBM Corporation Just as automakers use platforms or chassis together to efficiently produce a wide range of cars, he said: PaaS helps organizations set standards for their IT platforms and deliver new products unparalleled. To drive business innovation on key applications of the organization. One of the most significant benefits of PaaS is its ability to use patterns, which allows for tested templates to start developing specific applications right away in no time. With good cloud features If you're a financial services company and you want a mobile app for customers who want to find details about different forms of savings, you don't want to start from scratch. The PaaS pattern gives you a comprehensive set of tools to quickly build mobile applications. Without worrying about having to invest a lot of money for technology, see the PaaS research report on www.ibm.com/cai/paas
Geminids meteor shower on top of Doi Inthanon Didn't disappoint the crowd. Saw meteor showers all over the face.|Geminids meteor shower on top of Doi Inthanon The National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) organized the 2nd Open Sky Activity to find the planet roaming led by Dr. Saran Posayachinda. Deputy Director of the National Astronomical Research Institute escorted more than two hundred people. Watch the Geminids meteor shower at the top of Doi Inthanon amid freezing temperatures of 4 degrees Celsius. There is knowledge about the Geminids meteor shower. Basic stargazing methods and introduction of star maps at the Astronomical Information and Training Center in Doi Inthanon National Park Km. 31 Then at about 20.00 hrs then move the troops to the top of Doi Inthanon. Telescopes of various sizes have been installed in the area to allow people to observe celestial bodies such as Jupiter, Venus, open star clusters, and double star clusters. Pleiades, nebulae, and galaxies clusters Participants were amazed by the glittering stars of Doi Inthanon peak, which is considered one of the best places to stargaze for the Geminids meteor shower tonight. It began to appear at around 8pm. To the northeast, the area near the constellation Double Man, which is the distribution center of the Geminids meteor shower. It looks like a white streak across the sky. It can be seen clearly with the naked eye. Because there is not much meteor speed. Approximately 35 kilometers per second, coupled with the moonlit night and 15 moon moon nights, there is no light from the moon to disturb and because the air on the top of the mountain is very cold, causing people who go up to observe the meteor shower to lie and wait to see with winter protection such as sleeping bags, pillows, blankets. The atmosphere of watching the Geminids meteor shower this time is very lively and fun. There are interested citizens in many provinces of the country. Share your amazing experiences and post beautiful photos of the Geminids meteor shower on the Facebook pages of the National Astronomical Research Institute such as Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Phayao, Nakhon Ratchasima, Sakon Nakhon and Bangkok. Although it is difficult to notice due to the disturbance of city lights, it does not disappoint. The Geminids meteor shower can also be seen. Southern brothers and sisters had to miss the Geminids meteor shower this time due to rain and clouds, which blocked the view of the Geminids meteor shower. It is formed by a stream of dust, solids and ice left in the orbit of the asteroid 3200 Phaeton, cutting through the Earth's orbit. This causes the dust of those asteroids to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It is most visible between 10:00 p.m. on December 13 and 5:00 a.m. on December 14 every year, amid freezing temperatures of 4 degrees Celsius. There is knowledge about the Geminids meteor shower. Basic stargazing methods and introduction of star maps at the Astronomical Information and Training Center in Doi Inthanon National Park Km. 31 Then at about 20.00 hrs then move the troops to the top of Doi Inthanon. Telescopes of various sizes have been installed in the area to allow people to observe celestial bodies such as Jupiter, Venus, open star clusters, and double star clusters. Pleiades, nebulae, and galaxies clusters Participants were amazed by the glittering stars of Doi Inthanon peak, which is considered one of the best places to stargaze for the Geminids meteor shower tonight. It began to appear at around 8pm. To the northeast, the area near the constellation Double Man, which is the distribution center of the Geminids meteor shower. It looks like a white streak across the sky. It can be seen clearly with the naked eye. Because there is not much meteor speed. Approximately 35 kilometers per second, coupled with the moonlit night and 15 moon moon nights, there is no light from the moon to disturb and because the air on the top of the mountain is very cold, causing people who go up to observe the meteor shower to lie and wait to see with winter protection such as sleeping bags, pillows, blankets. The atmosphere of watching the Geminids meteor shower this time is very lively and fun. There are interested citizens in many provinces of the country. Share your amazing experiences and post beautiful photos of the Geminids meteor shower on the Facebook pages of the National Astronomical Research Institute such as Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Phayao, Nakhon Ratchasima, Sakon Nakhon and Bangkok. Although it is difficult to notice due to the disturbance of city lights, it does not disappoint. The Geminids meteor shower can also be seen. Southern brothers and sisters had to miss the Geminids meteor shower this time due to rain and clouds, which blocked the view of the Geminids meteor shower. It is formed by a stream of dust, solids and ice left in the orbit of the asteroid 3200 Phaeton, cutting through the Earth's orbit. This causes the dust of those asteroids to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It is most visible from 10:00 p.m. on December 13 to around 5:00 a.m. on December 14 every year.
Know "Aurora" or "Northern Lights" |About Aurora It is caused by the sun releasing charged particles along with spraying coronal mass or CME. The particles are then forced to rush along the Earth's magnetic force line. Entering the North and South poles, it is an aurora, but this picture is special: the owner proposes to his girlfriend. While there was an aurora in the island, the person who shot it was Alex Rives. The male is a neurosurgeon from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He took this photo to stimulate children's learning.     But what's special about this picture is that the owner proposes to his girlfriend. While there was an aurora in the island, the person who shot it was Alex Rives. The male is a neurosurgeon from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He took this photo to stimulate children's learning.
The world of "simplified language" that teenage internet surfers" They use it.|The world of By... nitideejiji@gmail.com early January this year. The Thai PBS news team picked up stories of teenage conversations online to show how the Thai language has been shortened or twisted (see http://bit.ly/TSgxGa). There's an acronym that a foreigner uses to talk to in that conversation. Teenagers use these abbreviations. Most of them use only the first letter of a word. We call them Abbreviation or Acronym words, and they use them with expressions that are often used, or some are new slang, such as noob, which comes from the word novice, someone who just learns to do something. When Thai people laugh, they like to type 555 like this, etc. Thai people understand each other, will others know about it? That's another story and one understanding. Farang likes to ask ASL?, I don't know why I like to ask Age Sex Location so as not to waste time. Let me show you some of the words he uses often. Most people will pick out the words they encounter frequently, but who will read them to remember to chat with friends to see that they are not old-fashioned? ----------------------------------------------------A AAK Asleep at the keyboard AAR8 At any rate AFK Away from computer keyboard As soon as possible A/S/L Age/Sex/Location Age/Gender/Where ATM At the moment ATW Around the web Around the World ----------------------------------------------------B B Back is back, B4N Bye for now, BBS Be back soon I&#39;ll be right back, BC because BCNU Be seein&#39; you, BF Boyfriend. BFN/B4N Boyfriend Bye for now BG Big grin BIL Boss is listening BMG Be my guest But on the other hand, but on the other hand, but on the other hand, BRB Be right back. Wait a minute. BTDT Been there, done that I've been there, done that, btw, by the way. yes, I forgot, BYKT. But you knew that. You know, ----------------------------------------------------C COZ because CU See you. See you, CUL or CUL8R. See you later. ----------------------------------------------------D DQMOT Don&#39;t quote me on this. Don't follow me. ----------------------------------------------------E EOM End of message End of news EZ Easy Easy EG Evil Grin ---------------------------------------------------- F F2F Face to face See you in front of F2T Free to talk FAQ Frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions ---------------------------------------------------- G G2G Got to go GAL Get a life GF Girlfriend GGN Girlfriend Gotta go now, GJ Good job GL Good luck Good luck, GOL Giggle out loud. Great! GTG Got to go GW Good work Well done ----------------------------------------------------H H8 Hate I H8 U HAK Hugs and kisses Hugs, kisses, kisses, hugs. HAND Have a nice day. Good luck. ----------------------------------------------------I IAC In any case, in case IC I see. Um, understand IDC. I don&#39;t care. I don&#39;t know. I don't know. ILY I love you IM Instant Message IMHO In my humble opinion No offense. I think... IMO. In my opinion, I think... IMPOV. In my point of view, I think... IOW. In other words. In other words, IRL In real life. In real life, ----------------------------------------------------J JIC Just in case, just in case, JK Just kidding, JTLYK, just to let you know. Just so you know, ----------------------------------------------------K Okay, okay, KIS, keep it simple. Take it easy, KIT Keep in touch. Keep in touch ---------------------------------------------------- L L8 Late L8R Later Bye, LBH Let&#39;s be honest Honestly, LMAO Laughing my ass off LOL Laughing out loud 555 ----------------------------------------------------M MIRL Meet in real life MorF Male or Female MOS Mom over shoulder I'm looking at ----------------------------------------------------N NE Any. NBD No big deal, no problem. NMU Not much, you? No, no, no. NP. No problem. No problem. Noob "Newbie" Newbie (weak) NVM Never mind That's ok What a mess. ----------------------------------------------------O OIC Oh, I see. yes, I get it. OMG Oh my god. Oh, my God. George Jage OTP On the phone Talking on the phone ----------------------------------------------------P PAW Parents are watching Parents watching PCM Please call me Call me PIR Parent in room. live parents pls please Please please ----------------------------------------------------Q Q Question ----------------------------------------------------R ROTFL Rolling on the floor laughing RL Real life Real Life RSN Real soon now near RUOK? Are you okay? Are you okay? ----------------------------------------------------S SIT Stay in touch Keep in touch, SOZ, SRY. Sorry. Sorry, SYS. See you soon. See you soon. S2R Send to receive Send ---------------------------------------------------- T TAFN That&#39;s all for now That's all thx thanks Thank you TIA Thanks in advance Thank you in advance TMB Text me back TOY Thinking of you I miss you TTYL Talk to you later and talk to you later TY Thank you ----------------------------------------------------U U You You're U2 You too, what about you? ----------------------------------------------------W WB Welcome back Welcome back, W/E Whatever Never mind. My WFM Works for me works. WTG Way to go! WTH What the hell? WTF What the F*** What the, WU? What&#39;s up? Hey, Wuss. WYGOWM Will you go out with me? ----------------------------------------------------X XOXO Hugs and kisses Hugs, hugs, kisses. ---------------------------------------------------- Y Why? Why YT? You there? Are you there? YW You are welcome That's ok You're welcome, ----------------------------------------------------ZZZ Tired or bored. Feed~ early January this year The Thai PBS News Team website picks up stories of teenage conversations online to show how the Thai language has been shortened or twisted (see http://bit.ly/TSgxGa). 
True has agreed to pay 23.3 million for the age penalty of prepaid cards. |True has agreed to pay 23.3 million baht for the prepaid card age penalty, but AIS-dtac still has an expiration date, citing technical problems.  National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Office (NBTC) Mr. Thakorn Tantasit, Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) Revealed on January 23  After the meeting of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) that after the NBTC The National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) has informed all mobile operators that prepaid services from January 18 onwards must comply with Article 11 of the Notification of the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC). Re: Telecommunication Service Contract Standard B.E. 2549 (2006) that prohibits the expiration date of prepaid phones, an administrative order of the NBTC The mobile operator has the right to charge for the domestic voice service which requires the service fee not to exceed 99 Satang per minute and the operator must store a database of 13-digit ID card numbers before every service opening. As a result, True's fine must be paid 100,000 baht per day. The fine will be imposed on May 30, 2012 and ended on January 17, totaling Baht 23.3 million. True has proposed additional conditions to the NBTC. To consider the expiry date of prepaid phones, i.e. users of all values will receive a maximum period of 365 days, which the Telecommunications Commission (SEC) will consider again and discuss at the meeting again within the next week. According to the survey, the two companies have not been able to comply with the requirements set by the NBTC. Therefore, the resolution of the Therefore, AIS and dtac have not complied, so the fine will continue to be 100,000 baht per day until both operators comply with the NBTC's requirements. 13 digits before opening the service of the buyer will be fined another 80,000 baht per day. During the period between the 30 days June 2012 - January 17, 2013Because the operators have complied with the conditions since January 18, 2013, however, the NBTC will recalculate the total fines, resulting in the NBTC will fine the private sector not less than 100 million baht. "From the field visit, it was found that AIS and dtac packages still have an age date. AIS has not fulfilled the overall conditions, i.e. 50% compliance, dtac only offers invulnerable packages that can be used for 30 days, while other packages still have expiration dates due to technical problems. This is not a justification because True can, so AIS and dtac have not complied and the fines must continue. After this, the NBTC will set up a committee to determine the rate of fines and penalties. Then we will send a letter asking for fines from all 3 camps." Mr. Thakorn said at the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Bureau (NBTC). Mr. Thakorn Tantasit, Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) Revealed on January 23  After the meeting of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) that after the NBTC The National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) has informed all mobile operators that prepaid services from January 18 onwards must comply with Article 11 of the Notification of the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC). Re: Telecommunication Service Contract Standard B.E. 2549 (2006) that prohibits the expiration date of prepaid phones, an administrative order of the NBTC The mobile operator has the right to charge for domestic voice service that requires the service fee not to exceed 99 satang per minute and the operator must store a database of 13-digit ID card numbers before every service opens. 
Dr. S. Clarification of the mass release of the Sun|Dr. S. Clarification of mass release of the Sun Assoc. Prof. Boonraksa Sunthorntham, Director of the National Astronomical Research Institute Warn the public not to panic about the dangers of Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) because our planet has a magnetic field as a shield. Solar storms cannot harm life and buildings on Earth.  It affects only electronic equipment systems and communication systems. GPS Only a few satellite technologies are very much buzzing and alarming. NASA has released images and video clips of the Sun's observations as mass (high-energy charges, also known as plasma) is ejected from the surface of the Sun. On the night of January 23, 2013, the direction of the high-energy charge hit the Earth. It has a speed of about 375 miles per second. It is expected that in about 3 days, the high-energy charge group will reach the world. Spraying the mass of the sun is called coronal mass ejection. In addition to the phenomenon of mass liberation mentioned above, there are other phenomena in which all phenomena occurring are related and can be explained by scientific principles. The sun is a large gas mass, internally reacting as a nuclear fusion reaction. In addition to having very high temperatures, there are many phenomena such as solar flare, sunspot, coronal mass ejection (CME), etc. All of the above phenomena are related to changes in the magnetic field on the Sun. Cases of mass release of the Sun The mass group released is in the form of "plasma," or the state in which the atoms of the element are ionized as a high-energy electric charge. If there is an explosion so intense that it causes these plasma clusters to have a very high speed of movement. We call these plasma clusters solar storms. The mass release that causes solar storms is related to the Sun's cycle, which has a cycle of about 11 years. More energy accumulates to critical points, tearing the twisted magnetic force lines apart and releasing mass into space. In all directions, the velocity and intensity of the high-energy charge group will depend on the intensity of the explosion or mass release of the Sun itself. No matter how severe and terrible the solar storm is. The only impact is damage to electronic devices and communication systems. It has caused harm to all living things and buildings on earth. We should not be too alarmed by such threats due to the advancement of science and modern technology. Modern devices are built to detect these high-energy charges, and they are always alerted in advance before they reach our planet to be prepared. What happens if the electric charge reaches Earth? Associate Professor Boonraksa Sunthorntham, director of the National Astronomical Research Institute, said solar storms cannot harm life and buildings on Earth. Because our planet has a magnetic field as a shield. When that high-energy electric charge, or plasma, reaches Earth, it moves along the force lines of the Earth's magnetic field and then rushes into the Earth's atmosphere, and these particles collide with gas atoms in the atmosphere. Gas atoms break down and emit a colorful light to us, that is, the aurora or the north-south lights as we know it, but the duration of occurrence may be longer than usual, and these charges will have weaker energy over time. The aurora will gradually fade until it returns to normal. Assoc. Prof. Boonraksa Sunthorntham, Director of the National Astronomical Research Institute Warn the public not to panic about the dangers of Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) because our planet has a magnetic field as a shield. Solar storms cannot harm life and buildings on Earth.  It affects only electronic equipment systems and communication systems. GPS Only a few satellite technologies.
Thailand must raise standards for using "cloud computing" in ASEAN|Thailand must raise standards Thailand organized "ASEAN CSA Summit 2013" academic symposium, reflecting the need to raise cloud standards Computing in Thailand and ASEAN  The Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in collaboration with the Office of Electronic Government (Public Organization) or the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) has joined forces with the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT). Electronic Transaction Development Agency (Public Organization) or NEDA and joint agencies in both public and private sectors Co-host Mr. Nattapong Sitawararat Advisor to the Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) revealed that the Ministry of ICT and SRO have signed an MOI agreement with CSA in order to drive the creation of a permanent CSA office in Thailand. CSA will support activities and knowledge, which this MOI will greatly benefit the region. In particular, the G-Cloud system will continue to grow stably based on the GIN system that has expanded to Super GIN to expand the network to more areas. There will be a smart farming system and other systems to serve government agencies and people in the future, all of which will be cloud-based, so Thailand's G-Cloud will expand and grow tremendously. "We are confident that both the private and public sector clouds of Thailand will be trusted by all users and can help each other with Asian countries to make the cloud secure and can bring maximum benefits to all countries." Dr. Sak Sekkhuntod  The Director of the Office of E-Government (Public Organization) and Chairman of CSA Thailand Chapter Group said that CSA Thailand has presented the knowledge of Cloud Security which is contained in the CCSK Certificate or Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge Certification Course of CSA. Ability to contribute to Thai society that still lacks this expert and requires a lot such as being an audit cloud provider in both the public or private sectors, providing cloud security awareness, training the trainer, being a cloud co-implementer, etc. Challenges in Cloud Deployment in Asia Pacific   The Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in collaboration with the Office of Electronic Government (Public Organization) or the Ministry of Public Affairs (ICT) has launched a project to promote the use of clouds in business and crisis management. The Electronic Transaction Development Agency (Public Organization) or NEDA and joint agencies, both public and private, co-hosted.
4 Thai children research "seaweed" on weightless flights |4 Thai children research "algae" on weightless flights "If algae can run towards light in zero-gravity conditions, they have the opportunity to raise sari in space to be used for food and fuel production on the space station." The cool hypothesis of 4 Thai youths selected by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) to participate in the experiment in weightless conditions. On a parabolic plane In this special event, children were also given the opportunity to visit JAXA's TSUKUBA SPACE CENTER and UNIFORM satellites at the University of Tokyo. Not so long ago. Dr. Sawat Tantipanwadi Research Management Consultant "The Student Zero-gravity Flight Experiment Contest" was held for the seventh time under the collaboration between the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency. The work of Mr. Utesh Archathongsuk Miss Wannida Saetang Mr. Narintadej Charoensombat and Mr. Noppol Taweesuk           "The selected candidates had to design and build a series of experiments to be used on parabolic aircraft, which is to bend up and down into waveforms, causing a weightless state of about 20 seconds in each cycle, 10 cycles per day, for 2 days, and use a video camera to record the results of the experiments that occurred to be analyzed against the results of the experiments that occurred on the Earth's surface. Ultimately, NSTDA and JAXA hope that this project will help Thai children become more interested and focused on space technology," said Ms. Wannida Saetang, or Sugar, a 2nd year student at the Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University. If it moves, it will be faster or slower than on the earth. "Weightless experiments went well. We are currently in the process of analyzing how they are similar or different from the earth, but preliminary from observation with the naked eye. Algae were found to move towards the light as well. If the analysis shows that algae survive, move towards light and photosynthesize in a weightless state, they will have the opportunity to use them for experimental feeding and hydrogen production to fuel the space station in the future." Mr. Noppol Taweesuk or Aum, a first-year student at the Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, said that it was very difficult and challenging because the weightless state only has 20 seconds at a time. Experimental equipment must be designed that is simple and has minimal workflow. "Our experiment series works under a microscope, by looking at the movement towards the light of algae. We designed the background color of the slide with algae to be red from LED light. It has a wavelength of about 600 nm, which is a color that algae don't like. The reason for using blue is because blue light is the favorite color of algae because it has a wavelength of about 450 nm. It exactly matches the wavelength that algae use for photosynthesis. For laser installation, we use the method of placing it on a lower platform near the microscope, the laser light is fired at the mirror under the microscope and reflected up to the algae slide stand. The installation process was quite difficult, but the results were very rewarding, and the most special part of this project was working with JAXA staff who visited their workplaces. We saw the TV screens used to communicate with the astronauts, which was amazing, a rare opportunity." Mr. Utesh Archathongsuk or Jeans, a 3rd year student at the Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, said that the weightless experiment trained teamwork, systematic thinking, prudence, and knowing how to apply tools to solve immediate problems that arise at any time. Make the focus adjuster that adjusts to see the algae as clearly as possible scroll all the time. Or the laser used has a problem that the laser head has too large a beam size, it is solved by using a laser cap to use a pins to drill holes to get the small light that we want. This was fun, exciting, training to think all the time, and also gaining new knowledge from Sawat and JAXA staff who gave advice throughout the work. Meanwhile, Mr. Narintadej Charoensombat or Top, a 2nd year student at the Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, said that experiencing weightlessness is very special. If you unbuckle your belt, you'll float up.  I really understand what weightlessness means. I feel like my blood circulation has changed. I got goosebumps. I was so excited. We also visited the University of Tokyo's UNIFORM satellite, where we were amazed to see the amazing new technology: they used cans of soft drinks to build satellites. It's not hard to do, and it's just a high school kid's idea. WHAT IMPRESSED ME WAS WHEN WE VISITED JAXA'S TSUKUBA SPACE CENTER, SAW THE PROTOTYPE ROOM AND SIMULATED THE CONDITIONS OF THE ROOM LIKE THAT ON KIBO, THE ASTRONAUT TRAINING ROOM, AND ALSO SAW THE EQUIPMENT AND RESEARCH INSTALLED ON KIBO. We are glad to have the opportunity to learn and are proud to be on behalf of Thailand. Those who are interested in space research Want to know how exciting and fun the experience on the weightless flight of the four Thai youths was? Can algae move towards the light in weightless conditions? Watch the special documentary "JAXA. The event, which will be broadcast on NSTDA Channel (www.nstdachannel.tv) in April, was selected by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) to participate in weightlessness experiments on parabolic aircraft in "The Student Zero-gravity Flight Experiment Contest" in Nagoya, Japan.
"Botnet Click Fraud" pandemic earns millions of cyber thieves Symantec joins Microsoft announced extraction  | Symantec and Microsoft The malware is used to engage in click fraud fraud, earning around $1.1 million annually for criminal groups. Click Fraud is one of the main forms of online crime. It is responsible for pulling users to ads and other content that they don't want to see. It also generates non-human traffic to ads and websites in order to earn money from ad networks. Moreover, Bamital malware serves to draw users on victimized computers to websites that distribute malware by pretending to be legitimate software.  The destruction of Bamital signals that leading companies are taking their efforts to stop click spoofing operations seriously and with tangible results. Symantec Prioritize the fight against this malware by providing malware analytics and related command and control structures.  Those who want to know more details about such threats and/or attempts that led to a successful crackdown earlier. Symantec's Security Response Center detected the spread of fake FedEx emails, asking users to click on the link to print a receipt for pickup directly from FedEx offices. If the user clicks on such a link, it will receive a PostalReceipt.zip file, which contains the malicious file PostalReceipt.exe All fake emails from FedEx used to ship this malware look similar. One note that malware creators overlook is that the order dates in all emails are the same. The domain used to host Trojan.Smoaler should be changed on a daily basis.      
adhere "Asteroid" hits Earth on February 16 |adhere Affirmative, no impact on the planet. Dr. S. Using a 2.4-meter telescope to track Mr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Asteroid 2012 DA14, which will orbit close to Earth in the early morning hours of February 16, 2013, has not hit Earth and has no impact on Earth. The 2.4-meter telescope at the National Observatory will closely monitor the asteroid.  It is expected to move across Earth's orbit. On February 16, 2013, asteroid 2012 DA14 was discovered by La Sagra Sky Survey Observatory, located in southern Spain. It is about 50 meters in diameter and its closest orbit distance from the center of the Earth. This orbital level is close to the orbital level of a communications satellite or closer than the lunar orbit (an average distance from Earth to the moon is about 384,403 kilometers). It will pass north of Earth at around 2:25 a.m. on the morning of February 16, local time, and will be in the shadow of the Earth for about 18 minutes. In addition to NASA's Near Earth Object Program (NEO), which monitors the orbit of asteroid 2012 DA14. The National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) will closely monitor the movement of this asteroid by using a 2.4-meter telescope at the 7th Anniversary Observatory of His Majesty the King, Doi Inthanon National Park. To monitor the position of the asteroid's motion to help calculate its orbit accurately in the future. This is a great opportunity for Thailand to closely monitor the movement of this asteroid. Because the distance at which the asteroid is closest to Earth will pass through the sky of Thailand. Dr. Saran said that although Asteroid 2012 DA14 is the closest orbit to Earth ever discovered, he insisted that there will be no chance of colliding with Earth and that Asteroid 2012 DA14 will orbit Earth again in 2046, but it will have more orbital distance from Earth this time. Mr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Asteroid 2012 DA14, which will orbit close to Earth in the early morning hours of February 16, 2013, has not hit Earth and has no impact on Earth. The 2.4-meter telescope at the National Observatory will closely monitor the asteroid.  It is expected to move across Earth's orbit. On February 16, 2013 (Thailand Time)
Lower rainfall in upper Thailand, temperature drop by 1-2 degrees Celsius.|Lower rainfall in upper Thailand, temperature drop by 1-2 degrees Celsius. Weather for today(12 reviews) (Feb) Lower rainfall in upper Thailand, temperature drop by 1-2 degrees Celsius. Isolated rain in the south Weather for today(12 days) (Feb) The upper part of Thailand will be slightly cooler because another wave of cold air or moderate high pressure area from China has reached Vietnam and upper Laos. It is expected to spread over the Northeast and South China Sea today.()12 Feb. Make the upper part of Thailand. There will be less rain and the temperature will drop by 1-2 degrees Celsius. Rain is expected in the south and the lower Gulf of Thailand still has waves 2 meters high. (Feb) The upper part of Thailand will be slightly cooler because another wave of cold air or moderate high pressure area from China has reached Vietnam and upper Laos. It is expected to spread over the Northeast and South China Sea today.()12 Feb. Make the upper part of Thailand. There will be less rain and the temperature will drop by 1-2 degrees Celsius. In the south, there is rain and the lower Gulf of Thailand still has waves 2 meters high. 
Pointing meteorites at Russia is just a small meteorite. Lean is not about asteroids close to Earth.|Pointing meteorites at Russia is just a small meteorite. Lean is not about asteroids close to Earth. Identified as a small meteorite that fell into Earth's orbit. It has nothing to do with the asteroid 2012 DA14 orbiting close to Earth. Mr. Saran Posayajinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Clarification on the case of foreign news agencies reported that a strange explosion occurred over the sky of Russia. From watching clips of the incident from many news agencies overseas. It can be preliminarily assumed to be a small meteorite that has fallen into Earth's orbit. And exploded in the Earth's atmosphere, making it appear a flash of light. This small meteorite enters the atmosphere at a greater speed than sound. As a result, white light was observed rushing across the sky before sound and shockwaves followed, and since this meteorite exploded in the atmosphere, there have been no reports of any sightings of fragments of the meteorite. It is not possible to definitively determine what this object is until the parts are analyzed for its composition and origin. Small meteorites normally fall into the Earth's atmosphere every day, generally without causing any damage, but this time this object may be larger and have a total mass of several tons. When it enters the Earth's atmosphere at high speed, it explodes 20-30 km above the Earth, seeing flashes of light and subsequent explosions. Saran said the incident occurred on the same day that NASA calculated the motion of asteroid 2012DA14 to reach its closest distance of about 27,700 kilometers to Earth in the early morning hours of Feb. 16 local time, but insisted it was irrelevant because the small meteorite that crashed in Russia orbited from north to south. The asteroid 2012 DA14 orbits from south to north and has a distance of hundreds of thousands of kilometers. A team of astronomers and researchers of the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) Using a 2.4-meter telescope at the Royal Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday, the observatory closely monitored the close orbit of the asteroid 2012 DA14 because while the asteroid is in its closest orbit to Earth, it is above the skies of the Southeast Asian country. Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Clarification on the case of foreign news agencies reported that a strange explosion occurred over the sky of Russia. From watching clips of the incident from many news agencies overseas. It can be preliminarily assumed to be a small meteorite that has fallen into Earth's orbit. And exploded in the Earth's atmosphere, making it appear a flash of light. This small meteorite enters the atmosphere at a greater speed than sound. As a result, white light was observed rushing across the sky before sound and shockwaves followed, and since this meteorite exploded in the atmosphere, there have been no reports of any sightings of fragments of the meteorite. It is not possible to definitively determine what this object is until the parts are analyzed for its composition and origin.
Thai people can see "Comet Panstar" today|Thai people can see The Astronomical Research Institute was able to capture the first image of the Panstar comet. Although it is difficult to see because the comet is very close to the horizon and has not much brightness, Thai people can still see it today (March 12) and tomorrow (March 13). The National Astronomical Research Institute went to Doi Pui viewpoint, Chiang Mai province, where the deputy director of the institute began to observe comets emerging from the western horizon. See through binoculars At 6:48 p.m. and then at 6:57 p.m., officials were able to capture the first image, which on the 9th was visible until 7:23 p.m. On March 10, the comet was closest to the Sun and was very bright. Because comets are dirty ice cubes. When it approaches the sun, it causes a lot of sublimation. This makes the tail of dust and gas longer and brighter. These pictures were taken on top of Doi Inthanon, Chiang Mai.Comet Panstar travels in the shape of a hyperbola, which does not orbit back and forth in periods. Like other comets such as Halley, which have an orbital period of 75-76 years, for the Panstar is to move close to the Sun only once. We still have a chance to see Comet Panstar this week, but no later than March 15, about 30 minutes west after sunset, but it is difficult to see because it is close to the horizon and there is twilight and there is a hazy sky.  This comet is close to the moon and a little higher than the horizon, corresponding to the rise of 1 night, you will see a thin crescent moon, observed on the left side of the moon, about 5 degrees away, at around 6.45 p.m. or 7.00 p.m. until no later than 7.30 p.m.     This image is taken by the Office of Astronomical Communication and Academic Services team. The National Astronomical Research Institute went to Doi Pui viewpoint, Chiang Mai province, where the deputy director of the institute began to observe comets emerging from the western horizon. See through binoculars At 6:48 p.m. and then at 6:57 p.m., officials were able to capture the first image, which on the 9th was visible until 7:23 p.m. On March 10, the comet was closest to the Sun and was very bright. Because comets are dirty ice cubes. When it approaches the sun, it causes a lot of sublimation. This makes the tail of dust and gas longer and brighter. These pictures were taken on top of Doi Inthanon, Chiang Mai.Comet Panstar travels in the shape of a hyperbola, which does not orbit back and forth in periods. Like other comets such as Halley, which have an orbital period of 75-76 years, for the Panstar is to move close to the Sun only once. We still have a chance to see Comet Panstar this week, but no later than March 15, about 30 minutes west after sunset, but it is difficult to see because it is close to the horizon and there is twilight and there is a hazy sky.  This comet is close to the moon and a little higher than the horizon, corresponding to the rise of 1 night, you will see a thin crescent moon, observed on the left side of the moon, about 5 degrees away, at around 6.45 p.m. or 7.00 p.m. until no later than 7.30 p.m. 
NASA reveals there may have been life on Mars billions of years ago|NASA reveals there may have been life on Mars billions of years ago Mars exploration is progressing further. It was found that once billions of years ago, The U.S. Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) said in a statement that an analysis of samples of mineral powder from within the rock layers drilled by Curios City from the bottom of a primitive Mars stream found that it contained sulfur, nitrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus and carbon. He also explained that from the powdered composition, the rock that has been explored is formed or transformed by neutral water, which is like raw drinkable water on Earth. The Curios City spacecraft was sent to explore Mars and is on a two-year mission to explore Mars.The U.S. Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) said in a statement that its analysis of samples of mineral powder from inside the rock layers excavated by Curios City from the bottom of a primitive Mars stream found that it contained sulfur, nitrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus and carbon, some of which are conducive to NASA life. He also explained that from the powdered composition, the rock that has been explored is formed or transformed by neutral water, which is like raw drinkable water on Earth. Curios City has been sent to explore Mars and is on a two-year mission to find life on Mars.
Know the "Comet Panstars", a star visible to the naked eye|Known Comet Panstars moves through the sky and can be seen with the naked eye by humans. The comet, officially named Comet C 2011 L4, was discovered in June 2011 with the Panstars camera in Hawaii. It is believed to be the first time that Comet Panstars has visited Earth. After being knocked out by gravity from Ortclaud, a tiny ice cloud beyond Pluto in the solar system. The comet contains minerals. It is believed to be remnants of the formation of the Solar System 4.5 billion years ago. As the comet moved closer to the Sun, some of the ice evaporated. This creates a cloud of dust and gas called coma around the comet. Heat also causes two tails. Each tail may be more than 1.6 million kilometers long. A shot of the sky in the U.S. state of New Mexico captured as Comet Panstars. The comet, officially named Comet C 2011 L4, was discovered in June 2011 with the Panstars camera in Hawaii. It is believed to be the first time that Comet Panstars has visited Earth. After being knocked out by gravity from Ortclaud, a tiny cloud of ice beyond Pluto in the solar system.
"Mor Li" flags 6-month countdown "SIM blackout"The best solution is to speed up the auction of 1800 waves.|"Dr. Li" flags 6-month countdown, "SIM extinguished", the best solution is to accelerate the auction of 1800 waves, confirms NBTC Must not break the law by citing consumers. Dr. Li pointed out that the best solution to support the end of the 1800 MHz concession is the NBTC. The auction must be accelerated to create new services to enter the market, which will be the choice of consumers, along with accelerating entrepreneurs to expand their transfer capacity. Supports users who do not want to lose their rights to the original number. Mr. Pravit Lisathapornwongsa National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) on Consumer Protection in Telecommunications Revealing that the 1800 MHz spectrum concession contract for TrueMove and Digital Phone is about to expire on September 15, the NBTC said that the event is a major event for telecommunications that will occur for the first time in such a way that mobile network service will be terminated, which will cause the service of two mobile operators to disappear. In particular, the Telecommunications Commissioner (NTC) must show their skills to appear, that is, how to make the transition neat, fair, and most importantly, according to the laws and rules of society. "The SIM blackout is not a bad thing that can't happen, but I accept that there will be real consequences. What matters is how to ensure that consumers do not suffer and that the transition within the framework of the law and the spirit of reform of frequency resource holdings that Thai society has reached a consensus before that we want to move from the concession era to the licensing and regulatory era. This principle is the origin of the NBTC. This is evident in both the Constitution and the Spectrum Allocation Organization Act B.E. 2553. They must respect and show their skills to society to be trustworthy," Mr. Pravit or "Dr. Li" said. A good way to take care of it starts from the basics: to be aware and keep up to date with the situation that by mid-September. Mobile Phone Service of TrueMove and the Company Digital phones will no longer exist. The people who use both services have a problem that they must find a replacement service, and if they want to maintain the number that they are using, they should transfer the camp or use the Mobile Number Portability service. Therefore, it is the obligation of the NBTC together with all service providers to make the transfer camp able to accommodate or respond to the needs of many users. According to the law, after receiving notification from the user, the process must be completed within 3 days. The Preparatory Subcommittee for the Management of DIGITAL PCN (Personal Communication Network) 1800 cellular radio communication spectrum has been set up, consisting of experts both inside and outside the NBTC. The sub-committee has already submitted a proposal to the SEC, recommending that it focus on early public relations and increasing the efficiency of number retention. The Sub-Committee also proposed that the Procure and assign a person responsible for the auction of spectrum, which must be carried out in two parts: the preparation of rules and procedures for the use of the 1800 MHz spectrum and the valuation of spectrum. On February 20, the Subcommittee approved the proposal, but in practice it was found that an off-cycle order had been given to the Subcommittee. Prepare guidelines for transferring subscribers and guidelines to prevent SIM outages. Without taking into account the legal issues, the sub-committee proposed that it should continue to expand its services, which may be done by CAT Public Company Limited or by private concessionaires. CAT has always demanded and this time also started opening more channels to TrueMove as well. However, the NBTC pravit abbas Insist that such an approach is illegal and will not truly benefit the user. It will only extend the time of the SIM outage, but once the auction is completed and the spectrum license and business license are granted to the winning bidder, the auction will be held in the future. The service in the old system had to be terminated anyway because the right to own and use the spectrum would belong to the bidder who could not infringe. However, there will be gaps or SIM outages while waiting for bidders to prepare for the construction of networks and systems. For the new service, "I can say that the claim of SIM blackout protection is a hoax. One day or another. Therefore, extending the time does not solve any problems for consumers. But of course, it will help entrepreneurs to continue earning money. The problem is that extending the service hours is equivalent to extending the use of spectrum and extending the validity of the license, as well as extending the life of the concession. Mr. Pravit told the NBTC. Pravit also revealed that regarding the legal issues, Previously, the NBTC's Legal Advisory Subcommittee It has been made clear that when the authorization or concession contract ends, The right to use the spectrum is also terminated and the right to use the spectrum must be returned to the public by the NBTC or the NTC. It is responsible for spectrum management. This is in accordance with the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand B.E. 2550, Section 47. In case of extension of time The Legal Advisory Subcommittee pointed out that even under the conditions of the original telecommunications license, The NTC can consider extending the period of spectrum usage, but once the Spectrum Allocation Organization Act B.E. 2553 (2010) is enacted, Section 45 stipulates rules and procedures for the use of spectrum for telecommunications business that it can only be done by auction method. In addition, the spectrum management master plan is not prescribed to the NBTC. Spectrum usage can be considered extended. This demonstrates the policy that no spectrum usage period will be considered. When the period of spectrum usage ends. Therefore, it is not possible to consider extending the period of use of the spectrum. "Therefore, I do not want to quote consumers and impose measures that are beneficial to operators, but I would like to expedite the implementation of the duty to allocate spectrum used in radio broadcasting, television and telecommunications, which are national communication resources, for the real public interest. The auction for the 1800 wave must no longer be delayed, but the process must be expedited closer to the concession deadline, which as of today is about half a year away. If you speed it up, you can catch up. In this way, the SIM will be off for a short time, and there will be new services on the same wave to give consumers more choice," the NBTC said. Pravit said. National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) on Consumer Protection in Telecommunications Revealing that the 1800 MHz spectrum concession contract for TrueMove and Digital Phone is about to expire on September 15, the NBTC said that the event is a major event for telecommunications that will occur for the first time in such a way that mobile network service will be terminated, which will cause the service of two mobile operators to disappear. In particular, the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) must show their skills to appear, that is, how to make the transition neat, fair and, most importantly, according to the laws and rules of society.
"ArionSpace" launches 3 satellites of "Intelsat" | ArionSpace Announces Signing Agreement with Intelsat S.A. The world's leading communications satellite provider for communications satellite launch operations3 Until 2017, each communications satellite, weighing up to 6 tonnes, will be put into Geostationary Transfer Orbid (GTO) orbit. With an Erion 5 rocket. The mission to launch all three satellites will include the launch of Intelsat's previously launched EpicNG high-speed communications satellite. Business ApplicationsMotion Tracking Video usage and government applications that rely on high-speed internet networks Mr. Jean-Yves Le Gal The President and Chief Executive Officer of ArionSpace said the new contract for launching three satellites, the 52nd, 53rd and 54th satellites, will be a testament to the quality and service capability of each communications satellite, weighing up to 6 tonnes, to be put into Geostationary Transfer Orbid (GTO) orbit. With an Erion 5 rocket. ECA from the European launch pad in French Guiana. 
Launch of "Smart Tractor" moving according to GPS. Thai Farmers Made to order|Launch of "Smart Tractor" moving according to GPS. Thai Farmers Made to order The hopes of "farmers" have been brightened, and after waiting for generations, they know that they should not rely on anyone. He is his refuge when he chooses to be a "farmer" and settles down to do his best. Recently, there are fresh inventions from the Innovation Center for Utilization or AICentre, Mahanakorn University of Technology. Dr. Panvee Phokaiudom and team Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) : Tractor is a special feature that differs from the conventional version of the tractor or tractor, which is that it can be plowed automatically, spray pesticides and fertilizers by itself, controlled via intelligent remote control, and the chic is that it can move according to the coordinates (GPS)!! Next, after fighting the sky, face to the ground, why are you going to go to waste? Why are you tired of the sun? Dr. Panvee revealed that he dreamed of seeing farmers become richer and brighter. It doesn't have to be tiring, but it can be very productive. In the past, tractors or tractors were classified as important helpers. Yet, I think it would be better if we developed the help of farmers to be smart. Do everything on demand and be more efficient. It draws on its knowledge and inspiration from the development of the first robot. Bomb disposal robot with intelligent mechanical system that moves according to GPS It is used in military affairs to search for bombs, as a representative of officials to reduce the loss of life from risks, by incorporating such mechanisms and systems into tractors with special programming to support the duties of farmers more. There are 4 ways to control smart tractors: 1.You can control the vehicle and basic equipment via remote control up to 1 kilometer with radio signals from the remote control, as well as select various control modes. 2.Able to work automatically according to the route defined by coordinate points (GPS) on the specified electronic map to help reduce the working time of farmers. 3. Able to work by manual operator through camera capture system, such as allowing the tractor to follow the operator in all directions and controlling various devices with gestures that symbolize the operator through the camera, etc. 4. Can control the tractor by yourself The control systems have a multi-stage protection system for convenience, which can change the control mode immediately via remote control or stop all tractors immediately. In the future, whether the area is hundreds of acres and thousands of rais, or farmers are thousands of meters away. It is no longer an obstacle to farming. Work can still go on, both safe and do not have to contaminate life with various substances. Next, you may see tractors or delivery trucks moving from Bangkok to Chiang Mai, Sungai Kolok running hoists all over Thailand without people. Interested persons can see this smart tractor at the Innovation Center for Utilization or AICentre, Mahanakorn University of Technology, Tel. 02 988 3666. Ext. 1105 The latest invention from the Center for Innovation for Utilization or AICentre, Mahanakorn University of Technology by Dr. Panvee Phokaiudom and team Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) : Tractor is a special feature that differs from the conventional version of the tractor or tractor, which is that it can automatically plow, spray pesticides and fertilizers by itself, control via intelligent remote control, and more stylish, can move according to the coordinates (GPS)!! 
Google commemorates Earth Day 2013 | Google created a doodle to commemorate Earth Day 2013 Earth Day 2013 falls on April 22 every year, starting in 1969. Senator Gaylord Nelson of the United States pushed for a nationwide public assembly to raise awareness of environmental issues and to express their opinions to make people feel concerned about the environment. In addition, this year's Earth Day event, The Face of Climate Change, invites the public to submit images that represent their participation in Earth Day, and Google has taken this issue seriously by making its logo a story about Earth Day. Earth Day 2013 falls on April 22 every year, starting in 1969. Senator Gaylord Nelson of the United States pushed for a nationwide public gathering to raise awareness of environmental issues and express their opinions to make people feel concerned about the environment. In addition, this year's Earth Day event, The Face of Climate Change, invites the public to submit images depicting their participation in Earth Day activities.
Blue glowing beaches in California|Blue glowing beaches in California Charles Leung shoots California beaches Blue glow California beach pictures Shot by photographer Charles Leung, the owner says he captured this rare phenomenon. One night on the beach. Linda Marr in Pacifica, California, is a popular beach to surf and take her family on a trip. The blue glowing sea phenomenon has occurred before, and it has also been recorded in animation. This phenomenon is thought to be caused by the reaction of seaweed, a type of phytoplankton that performs photosynthesis. The sea is like blue light, and it becomes even clearer. Unfortunately, this blue light is not very visible to the naked eye, but it is very clear in photographs, a 2010 study reported that phytophthrain is now decreasing, estimated to have decreased by about 40 percent since 1950, averaging 1 percent per year, possibly due to the effects of warmer oceans. Shot by photographer Charles Leung, the owner says he captured this rare phenomenon. One night on the beach. Linda Marr in Pacifica, California, is a popular beach to surf and take her family on a trip. The blue glowing sea phenomenon has occurred before, and it has also been recorded in animation. This phenomenon is thought to be caused by the reaction of seaweed, a type of phytoplankton that performs photosynthesis. The sea is like blue light, and it becomes even clearer. Unfortunately, this blue light is not very visible to the naked eye, but it is very clear in photographs.A 2010 study reported that phytoprains are now decreasing, estimated to have decreased by about 40 percent since 1950, averaging 1 percent per year, possibly due to the effects of warmer oceans.
Outfire Warn users to embrace the challenges that come with the "mobility world" |Outfire Warn users to be ready for the challenges that come with Headlines about global PC sales, which fell 14% in the first three months of the year, are interesting, as they clearly reflect the growth trend of mobility. People who have to do business or travel around all the time. People are increasingly aware of the benefits of smartphones and tablets. But what organizations need to be aware of may not yet be aware of the challenges that come with the ubiquity of mobility. Mr. Sutee Asavasoonthornangkoon, Country Manager, Thailand & Indochina Sourcefire (Thailand) Co., Ltd. reveals the trends and challenges that organizations must prepare for the threats that may arise with mobility opportunities for business use. Businesses are increasingly embracing the concept of bringing personal devices to "Bring Your Own Device" (BYOD). As a result, more and more users, whether consumers or business users, are benefiting from using mobile devices. This doesn't stop at personal enjoyment, but also uses it to increase the efficiency of the business that runs every day. Tablet sales are expected to grow by 70% this year and smartphones will surpass the 2 billion mark in 2017. Instead, it is troubling for the security industry to find ways to protect business-critical equipment. While mobile is deployed and used outside the corporate network security zone, "malicious actors beyond its control are aware of the changes and are targeting mobile devices. Android malware is becoming widely available, and although Apple's iOS operating system is relatively safe, there are still holes. It is essential for organizations to maintain agility and to place games to control the use of mobile devices and the data that these devices have access to." The ability to gain network visibility and visibility is essential when security professionals hope to identify threats and vulnerable devices. It is also possible to monitor activities that occur within the corporate network. You don't just know what's going on. If further investigation is required even after a threat is detected, it is possible to take retrospective action and know what activity has occurred afterwards. Which files and applications are still running? Knowledge in these areas provides a hope that provides a foundation to support decision-making and adapt quickly to new changes and threats. People who have to do business or travel around all the time. People are increasingly aware of the benefits of smartphones and tablets. But what organizations need to be aware of may not yet be aware of is the challenges that come with the ubiquity of mobility. 
The highest temperature day in 62 years, not April 27.|The highest temperature day in 62 years, not April 27, is not always true. The truth is that it is the date of the position of the sun. However, it does not mean that it will be the hottest because it may be cloudy or windy and rainy, and according to statistics in 62 years, April 27 is not the hottest in many years, but it is another summer day when the North Pole faces the sun, especially in April. Thailand is located in the area where the rays of the sun Perpendicular to the earth's surface at midday. We are fully heated by the sun pickle. On the 27th, the sun at noon will be directly on the head in the Bangkok area. The position of the sun perpendicular to the earth will continue to move northwards and will be the northernmost part of Thailand. From 1951 to 2012, the highest temperature in April was on the 27th only twice, in 1954 and 1959, but the highest temperature in April was 40 degrees Celsius, and other than the 27th, 23rd, 1952th, 20th, 1979, 23rd, 1990th and 30th, 2012. The weather during this period in the upper part of Thailand. Rain has decreased because the westerly winds, which are one of the factors that cause thundershowers, have already weakened, while the south still has rain, especially on the Andaman side, where the wind is variable in summer, when the North Pole is facing the sun, especially in April. Thailand is located in the area where the rays of the sun Perpendicular to the earth's surface at midday. We are fully heated by the sun pickle. On the 27th, the sun at noon will be directly on the head in the Bangkok area. The position of the sun perpendicular to the earth will continue to move northwards and will be the northernmost part of Thailand. From 1951 to 2012, the highest temperature in April was on the 27th only twice, in 1954 and 1959, but the highest temperature in April was 40 degrees Celsius, and other than the 27th, 23rd, 1952th, 20th, 1979, 23rd, 1990th and 30th, 2012. The weather during this period in the upper part of Thailand. Rain has decreased because the westerly winds, which are one of the factors causing thundershowers, have already weakened, while the south still has rain, especially on the Andaman coast, which has variable winds.
Mobile phone users are worried about the battery draining quickly. After 3G|Mobile phone users are worried about the battery draining quickly. After 3G Mobile phone users talk about mobile phone battery draining faster. The latter has 3G enabled. 2100 MHzAfter the full launch of the 3G 2100 MHz signal, there began to be voices from mobile phone users that the battery was running out unusually quickly, causing concern. Miss SINAPORN DACHANDA Users of the 3G 2100 MHz signal stated that after starting to use the service, they felt that the mobile phone's battery drained much faster. The staff of a 3G 2100 MHz signal provider stated that the phone's battery drains faster after activating the 3G 2100 MHz service due to the faster and faster frequency and signal speed. Traditionally, the 850 GHz band is owned by Truemove H and DTAC, while the 900 GHz band is owned by AIS, and on the same band, AIS is also used as 2G. Truemove H and DTAC use 2G at 1800 waves, if we observe that 850 is used in 2 camps, while 900 AIS uses both 2G and 3G, making 3G service not as full as it should be, another reason is from the 850 GHz and 900 GHz bands. As a result, the number of channels transmitting that signal is also reduced. Meanwhile, in Thailand, there are a lot of people using Mobile Internet, which 3G 2100 GHz frequency band will be higher, making the signal wide range as well and sufficient for the use of Thai people that continues to trend upwards. As a result, more energy is consumed. After the full launch of the 3G 2100 MHz signal, there began to be voices from mobile phone users that the battery drained abnormally quickly, causing concern. Miss SINAPORN DACHANDA Users of the 3G 2100 MHz signal stated that after starting to use the service, they felt that the mobile phone's battery drained much faster. The staff of a 3G 2100 MHz signal provider stated that the phone's battery drains faster after activating the 3G 2100 MHz service due to the faster and faster frequency and signal speed. Traditionally, the 850 GHz band is owned by Truemove H and DTAC, while the 900 GHz band is owned by AIS, and on the same band, AIS is also used as 2G. Truemove H and DTAC use 2G at 1800 waves, if we observe that 850 is used in 2 camps, while 900 AIS uses both 2G and 3G, making 3G service not as full as it should be, another reason is from the 850 GHz and 900 GHz bands. As a result, the number of channels transmitting that signal is also reduced. Meanwhile, in Thailand, there are a lot of people using Mobile Internet, which 3G 2100 GHz frequency band will be higher, making the signal wide range as well and sufficient for the use of Thai people that continues to trend upwards. As a result, more energy is consumed. Therefore, the battery drains faster is not unusual in any way.
Greenie Group NBTC Examines 3G Signal Strength Standard|Greenie Group NBTC Examines 3G Signal Strength Standard A representative of Green Group submitted a letter to the NBTC to investigate whether the 3G signal strength standard did not meet the standard and caused a complaint to the NBTC Office to request an investigation. NACC for refraining from acting as representative of Green Politics group led by Mr. Jaturan Boonbenjarat The assistant coordinator of the Green Group handed the letter to Mr. Thakorn Tantasit. The Secretary-General of the NBTC asked the NBTC to investigate the measures to enable 3G services and the case of setting expiry dates for prepaid cards that have not yet been implemented in practice, seeing that it is the direct responsibility of the NBTC directly, especially the conditions attached to the issuance of 3G business licenses that require all 3 operators to reduce service fees by 15% from the current rate. For example, all 3 packages are limited to maximum speeds of 64 kilobits, 128 and 256 kilobits, respectively, although they should be 345 kilobits, as specified by the NBTC regarding the standard of data telecommunication services for mobile networks. If the NBTC cannot order private individuals to reduce prices, it will file a complaint with the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) under Section 157 for neglecting to perform its duties. On December 7, 2012, 4 conditions were stipulated that the private sector must comply with:  Reduce both voice and data service fees by 15% Before opening the service, the service must cover 50% of the population within 2 years and increase to 80% within 4 years. The data transmission rate must not be less than the specified rate of 354 kilobits. The fact is that the service packages of the 3 operators still limit the speed of data transmission after using 3G, the maximum speed is exhausted (FUP) at 64kbps, 128kbps and 256kbps respectively in the price and price of that package. It should be 345 kbps in accordance with the intention of the NBTC announcement. In addition, the case of AIS is to bypass Bali to escape the NBTC announcement instead of reducing the price by 15%, but pushing to increase the volume but the price remains the original price, which is contrary to the spirit of the conditions at the end of the license at the NBTC. Declared Licensing The Green Group sees that the NBTC Authorized under the Telecommunications Business Act B.E. 2544 (2001) if the NBTC In the case of prepaid cards, the NBTC has omitted to perform its duties and may be condemned to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). If there is any peculiarity on the part of both the NBTC and private entrepreneurial companies. The group will submit additional information to the Administrative Court, where the Administrative Court is considering an indictment in the case of 3G auctions that are not transparent, as well as cases where the NACC is investigating the performance of the NBTC's duties in the case of holding 3G auctions that may be illegal in the auction. It is hoped that the NBTC, as an independent organization to supervise broadcasting, The national television and telecommunications business will perform its duties honestly and protect consumer rights and national interests without any hidden agenda. Secretary-General of the NBTC He confirmed that all Green Group's demands are already being fulfilled by the NBTC, which will allow the public to check that the service fee has been reduced from the current rate for all promotions. 15% or not, noting the service bill on June 7, 8 and 9, which is the 1-month anniversary period at AIS, True and dtac mobile camps. 3G service is officially open. The NBTC will issue notices, fines, license revocations, and license suspensions in accordance with the penalty imposed on representatives of the Green Politics group, led by Mr. Jaturan Boonbenjarat. The assistant coordinator of the Green Group handed the letter to Mr. Thakorn Tantasit. The Secretary-General of the NBTC asked the NBTC to investigate the measures to enable 3G services and the case of setting expiry dates for prepaid cards that have not yet been implemented in practice, seeing that it is the direct responsibility of the NBTC directly, especially the conditions attached to the issuance of 3G business licenses that require all 3 operators to reduce service fees by 15% from the current rate. For example, all 3 packages are limited to maximum speeds of 64 kilobits, 128 and 256 kilobits, respectively, although they should be 345 kilobits, as specified by the NBTC regarding the standard of data telecommunication services for mobile networks. If the NBTC cannot order private individuals to reduce prices, it will file a complaint with the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) under Section 157 for neglecting to perform its duties. On December 7, 2012, 4 conditions were stipulated that the private sector must comply with:  Reduce both voice and data service fees by 15% Before opening the service, the service must cover 50% of the population within 2 years and increase to 80% within 4 years. The data transmission rate must not be less than the specified rate of 354 kilobits. The fact is that the service packages of the 3 operators still limit the speed of data transmission after using 3G, the maximum speed is exhausted (FUP) at 64kbps, 128kbps and 256kbps respectively in the price and price of that package. It should be 345 kbps in accordance with the intention of the NBTC announcement. In addition, the case of AIS is to bypass Bali to escape the NBTC announcement instead of reducing the price by 15%, but pushing to increase the volume but the price remains the original price, which is contrary to the spirit of the conditions at the end of the license at the NBTC. Declared Licensing The Green Group sees that the NBTC Authorized under the Telecommunications Business Act B.E. 2544 (2001) if the NBTC In the case of prepaid cards, the NBTC has omitted to perform its duties and may be condemned to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). If there is any peculiarity on the part of both the NBTC and private entrepreneurial companies. The group will submit additional information to the Administrative Court, where the Administrative Court is considering an indictment in the case of 3G auctions that are not transparent, as well as cases where the NACC is investigating the performance of the NBTC's duties in the case of holding 3G auctions that may be illegal in the auction. It is hoped that the NBTC, as an independent organization to supervise broadcasting, The national television and telecommunications business will perform its duties honestly and protect consumer rights and national interests without any hidden agenda. Secretary-General of the NBTC He confirmed that all Green Group's demands are already being fulfilled by the NBTC, which will allow the public to check that the service fee has been reduced from the current rate for all promotions. 15% or not, noting the service bill on June 7, 8 and 9, which is the 1-month anniversary period at AIS, True and dtac mobile camps. 3G service is officially open. If the NBTC refuses to reduce the service fee for both voice and data by 15%, the NBTC will issue notices, fines, license revocations, and license suspensions in accordance with the prescribed penalty order.
Awaken the positive energy of lovers of "animation" |"Animation" believes that "animation" is a medium that has the power to communicate good stories to children and youth. Creating skilled animators and volunteering for others goes hand in hand.  Therefore, Sputnik Tales joined hands with Siam Kammajol Foundation. Thai Health Promotion Foundation and Thai Institute of Children and Youth Media organized the Thailand Animator Festival to be held on June 1, 2013 at Scala Cinema. Social creative animation from animators from all over the country. Champamul State The founder of Sputnik Tales Studio revealed that Thailand has never held a contest like this before. This is a frameless contest. To be completely open and free for animators. It shows that Thailand has a large number of people who make animated films for society.  The past year's work has allowed us to see who we are. I saw the group...and found that we had quite a lot of people using animation to do social work...and the first event reassured the animators that they were not working alone. There are also like-minded groups and partner organizations that see the importance and come down to support the Siam Kammajol Foundation. Or even Thailand's leading animation company.  The founder of Sputnik Tales Studio, the owner of the idea of the Thailand Animator Festival, also said that the second edition will be more intense than the first year. Professional animators such as Beboyd CG Co., Ltd., a famous animation company of Boy Kosiyapong, a singer. songwriter Lunchbox Studio, the new wave in the animation industry, because this event does not have monetary rewards, but rather an opportunity to grow in the animation field... They also have the opportunity to showcase their films at the festival in early June.  Needleporn Wirunrapun, manager of the Institute of Children and Youth Media (TII), said that the communication style of the modern world has changed. The youth have transformed themselves from being a messenger to a media producer. This group has grown to become a quality producer in the future. "Originally, animation was about professionals with expensive wooden tools. But nowadays, technology allows the new generation to fully access the tools.  When combined with creativity and imagination that are diverse, it produces works that meet the needs of many different audiences as well. Another important aspect is to inspire other groups of young people who already have media and creativity. Because seniors have proven that it is not difficult to become a professional animator. At the same time, we want to see that our media has the potential to change society," said Sasipit Rujirat, a representative from Beboyd CG Co., Ltd., who is one of the sponsors of the new Animator Thailand Animator Festival #2. Therefore, come to support various sets of knowledge related to animation by sending a team to be a lecturer for the children on the day of the camp... "The key to animation is teamwork...because most of the submissions are done alone." According to Lunchbox studio, this event will help drive the Thai animation industry to grow with quality because there are many agencies to support it.  As an adult who has been in the anime industry before, I had to come down to help... because I believed that the work you did together would work out. To make it even better, Adults must support the main support organization, the Siam Kammajol Foundation.   Mr. Piyaporn Mandajit, Foundation Manager This kind of activity is a tribute to social workers in the field of animation media production. At the same time, it creates a space for young animators to meet and talk. "Most of these children have technical knowledge, but if they want to develop themselves to excel, they need to see stories, see social problems, and they have to study them, which will allow them to see more complex tasks or animation problems.  The child will develop his own work from there... The kid only knows the technique. By putting the technique together, you will see the work in parts, so this kind of activity has many benefits.  In the end, it's a meeting place for like-minded people. Sputnik Tales, in collaboration with Siam Kammajol Foundation, Thai Health Promotion Foundation and Children and Youth Media Institute (TCI), organized the Thailand Animator Festival to be held on June 1, 2013 at Scala Cinema. Social creative animation from animators from all over the country.
IBM Introduces Revenue from Customer Base, Transforming Business to "Digital"|IBM Introduces Revenue from Customer Base, Transforming Business to Model The fierce competition in the financial services business has resulted in financial institutions needing to find innovations to adapt to their business models and expand new revenue streams to beat competitors. IBM identifies digital transformation and transformation with customer centricity as key to success Ever since the beginning of social media, Our world has fully entered the era of mobile computing. Meanwhile, the second wave of the mobile technology revolution, which involves the adoption of mobile systems in the business sphere, is coming. Many companies are increasingly leveraging mobile technology. To drive close communication with customers, thereby strengthening relationships. Foster brand engagement Kwafo Ofri-Boateng, Head of Global Solutions - Customer Service Markets and Insights, Banking & Finance, said that the four main guidelines for managing digital transformation and "monetize" from existing customer bases and effectively transforming business models are being implemented. These guidelines include: 1. Integration of customer-focused distribution channels. 2. Development from "social media" to "social business" 3. and 4. Expanding capabilities to predict future demand," IBM said financial and insurance businesses would benefit from each approach. As follows: 1. Customer-centric channel integration It allows financial institutions to reduce transaction processing costs. With an increased ratio of basic online transactions and an efficient multi-channel experience, the speed of improvement accelerates. Meanwhile, financial institution customers will benefit more from the Bank's online services. This makes customers more loyal to the bank. Reduce the rate of switching to other financial institutions and improve the image in the eyes of target customers 2. The evolution from "social media" to "social business" helps financial institutions increase revenue by providing innovative products and services to their customers. Strengthen customer loyalty by increasing the number of customers who support and help promote the Bank's products and services, restore trust and improve customer experience. Leveraging existing data using unstructured data analytics increases customer revenue (expected by up to 40% in new markets). Increase sales of related ancillary products and services 10-15% and increase customer satisfaction and help maintain existing customer base 4. Expanding capabilities to anticipate future demand This enables financial institutions to quickly bring new products and services to market. By adopting new services and responding to market challenges and rapid innovation. Increase the efficiency of the sale of related ancillary services and campaign offerings, as well as meet changing customer expectations, all of which will enhance brand image and increase customer satisfaction. The financial services business will thrive. It is necessary to improve the information system to be able to develop and operate based on new insights ahead of competitors. According to IDC, IBM holds the No. 1 position in providing financial technology services and solutions to leading banks in the Top 25, offering industry solutions covering software, hardware, services, and in-depth industry expertise. As a result, IBM is more than equipped to assist customers to sift through insights that will drive business transformation and innovation for collaboration. Our world has fully entered the era of mobile computing. Meanwhile, the second wave of the mobile technology revolution, which involves the adoption of mobile systems in the business sphere, is coming. Many companies are increasingly leveraging mobile technology. To drive close communication with customers, thereby strengthening relationships. Foster brand engagement Improve business performance and "outpace" competitors in developed markets.
CIPURSE, an open joint ticket standard, an attractive alternative to a joint ticketing system |CIPURSE, an open joint ticket standard, an attractive alternative to a joint ticketing system At present, the Ministry of Transport through the Office of Transport and Traffic Policy and Planning (NIA) recognizes the benefits of using a shared ticketing system for public transport users. To allow users to use only one ticket for all types of public transport, including trains, trains, etc. BTS SkytrainSubway bus This includes the use of various expressway systems to make the service users more comfortable to travel. Reduce the time spent at public transport connections and save fares by eliminating the need for double entry fees in the case of using more than one public transport service, as well as being able to use tickets for other types of payment transactions such as utility bill payments, purchases of goods and services from general stores, etc. Nowadays, modern technology has been applied to the development of the form of tickets, making it not just the paper ticket that we are used to. However, there are various types of tickets that have been created with various technologies, such as smart card technology that can support the use of tickets with various services (multi-application cards), RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology that allows contactless cards or NFC (Near Field Communication) technology that is designed to allow mobile phones to be used as tickets to facilitate public transport users.  To provide users with convenience in traveling. Reduce the time spent at public transport connections and save fares because there is no need to pay double entry fees in the case of using more than one public transport service, as well as being able to use tickets for other types of payment transactions, such as utility bill payments, purchases of goods and services from general stores, etc. To assure service providers and users that the value of money and information within the card is accurate. and can prevent fraud caused by the use of tickets. 
Resolution : Minority vote against (draft) announcement of renewal of 1800 MHz spectrum|Resolution : Minority vote against (draft) announcement to renew 1800 MHz spectrum after NBTC Board Meeting On June 19, Agenda 5.7 approved the "Draft Notification of the NBTC on Measures to Protect Users in the Case of Expiration of Concession Authorization or Mobile Phone Service Signal, B.E. 2022 (2016)". "As the 1800MHz spectrum that CAT Telecom Co., Ltd. (CAT) granted concessions to TrueMove Co., Ltd. and Digital Phone Co., Ltd. is expiring on September 15, 2013, the NBTC Watch Committee concluded that the main content of this draft is to authorize the NBTC to revise the concession on September 15, 2013. The NBTC requires service providers to continue providing services using expired spectrum under the concession agreement without bidding for spectrum according to Section 45 of the Spectrum Allocation Organization Act B.E. 2553 (2010). Mr. Prawit Lisathapornwongsa and Ms. Supinya Klangnarong have opposed the issuance of the draft announcement. There are 3 reasons why they disagree because: 1. The answer to whether the announcement constitutes a renewal of the concession contract; It is not clear in the legal dimension whether the NBTC can renew this type of concession contract 2. Previously, it had up to 2 years. In preparation for the auction of 1800 MHz spectrum from the date of taking office, why was it not proposed earlier? 3. There is still no clear guideline from how to compensate consumers after the concession contract expires, such as price reduction, etc. Supinya said he did not agree to extend the period by one year to hold the auction because it should have been prepared earlier. If it is really to prolong life, there should be conditions with an additional legal explanatory base. Discussion from the legal expert body to find a solution because True's handling of the 1800MHz case could become an example or send a domino effect to the remaining concessions AIS and dtac. Therefore, because it is not clear on these 3 issues and reasons, he reserves the majority opinion to vote against the principle of the draft declaration on the 1800MHz wave. Service continuity is important. There should be no SIM outage, but at the same time, the question must first be answered as to why there are 2 years without preparing bids and transition plans. Despite this, it is still going out for public hearing. All consumers and stakeholders can offer their opinions. After public hearing, if there are clear guidelines on both legal and consumer protection issues. CAT Telecom Co., Ltd. (CAT) granted concessions to TrueMove Co., Ltd. and Digital Phone Co., Ltd. is expiring on September 15, 2013. 
Vietnam offensive Building a smartphone production base, opportunities and impacts on Thai electronics exports |Vietnam offensive Building a smartphone production base, opportunities and impacts on Thai electronics exports Foreign direct investment in China's electronics industry has slowed down, especially in the smartphone industry, due to China's rising wages. Ease of import of electronic components and tax benefits from various factors mentioned above. As a result, many smartphone manufacturers have moved some production bases from China to Vietnam, as well as attracting smartphone parts manufacturers to set up production bases in Vietnam. Vietnam is now the seventh largest exporter of smartphones and components in the world and has the highest growth rate compared to other smartphone manufacturers. Vietnam's electronics imports with high demand and growth prospects are industrial machinery and electrical components. Meanwhile, imports of smartphone parts tend to decline as many companies that produce smartphone parts have started setting up production bases in Vietnam to replace imports. Therefore, the electronic components market in Vietnam should be another interesting market for Thai entrepreneurs who want to enter the smartphone manufacturing industry. To expand business opportunities further. KASIKORN RESEARCH CENTER It is expected that the direction of exporting electronic components to Vietnam that Thailand has the potential to compete is the production of relatively high technology and labor-intensive production. Industrial Machinery & Electrical Equipment Parts Integrated circuits and microassemblies, etc. however In the future, if Vietnam's production line expands to produce more electronic components in the midstream segment. In particular, integrated circuits and microassemblies, which can be applied in various electronic devices other than smartphones, may pose a threat to the Thai electronics industry in the future. however To be able to maintain such a midstream electronic production base. Micro Electronics Design and Embedded System Design are still required in the upstream electronics industry. The development of upstream electronics along with the maintenance of midstream electronics should be a way to promote and develop the Thai electronics industry to be stronger in the future. As a result, many smartphone manufacturers have moved some production bases from China to Vietnam, as well as attracting smartphone parts manufacturers to set up production bases in Vietnam. Vietnam is now the seventh largest exporter of smartphones and components in the world and has the highest growth rate compared to other smartphone manufacturers.
Public hearing on the case of 1800 wave running out of concessions, can it protect consumers?|Public hearing on the case of 1800 wave running out of concessions, can it protect consumers? Secretary-General of the NBTC Clarification on consumer protection measures in case of termination of 1800 MHz concession before public hearing on July 25  Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General, National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC Secretary-General) Clarify various issues presented by the media before adopting (draft) the NBTC announcement. Re: Measures to protect users in case of termination of concession license or mobile phone service contract B.E. ... Resolved to conduct a public hearing on July 25, 2013 at the Army Club as follows: First point In case of NBTC Knowing that the concession contract is long over, why is there no pre-auction opening before the concession contract ends? Mr. Thakorn said that according to the NBTC law, Any spectrum auction will be launched. The law obliges the NBTC to The three spectrum management master plans shall be prepared: Spectrum Management Master Plan The Broadcasting and Television Master Plan and the Telecommunications Master Plan must be completed before the spectrum auction can be launched. After receiving his appointment on October 7, 2011, the NBTC rushed to complete the three master plans as soon as possible. The auction of the 2.1 GHz spectrum, also known as the 3G license, was immediately launched, while the 1800 MHz spectrum concession was due to expire in September 2013, which is still a legal issue between the Ministry of ICT and the NBTC. That spectrum will be returned to both the Ministry of ICT and the NBTC. Therefore, a working group has been set up to work together to find a solution, but still cannot find a resolution in such matters. The Ministry of ICT is also in the process of proposing to the Cabinet to exercise its powers under Section 74 of the Spectrum Allocation Organizations Act to extend the concession period. Therefore, in order for such spectrum to be auctioned in advance of the concession contract termination. Therefore, it is impossible to proceed.   Issue 2: Whether the draft declaration is an extension of the concession Secretary-General of the NBTC Confirming that the operation is only a measure to remedy consumers affected by the termination of the concession does not extend the concession contract. Issue 3 In case of understanding that such measures are beneficial to PCL. CAT Telecom (CAT) or TrueMove Co., Ltd., the Secretary-General of the NBTC said that the draft announcement is a draft notification that will be generally applicable to all concession contracts that are about to expire both now and in the future. Therefore, it is not a draft announcement that will be applicable only in the case of CAT or TrueMove Co., Ltd. Therefore, there is no benefit as it is news. Secretary-General, National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC Secretary-General) Clarify various issues presented by the media before adopting (draft) the NBTC announcement. Re: Measures to protect users in case of termination of concession license or mobile phone service contract B.E. ... Resolved to conduct a public hearing on July 25, 2013 at the Army Club as follows: 
Launch of Nanotech Research Solve problems - Agriculture - Health|Launch of Nanotech Research Solve problems - develop agriculture - health National Nanotechnology Center Revealed 4 groups of nanotechnology research for solving problems and developing the country to support the aging society and enhance the quality of life of Thai people to be on par with other countries. Mr. Nirutti Khun Watt, Advisor to the Minister of Science and Technology, presided over the opening ceremony of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the National Nanotechnology Center or Nanotech, the first national nanotechnology research center in ASEAN. Technology has been used to improve to add value to products and promote the quality of life of Thai people at the same time. In addition, the Company has launched 10 research projects targeting 4 groups of nanotechnology at the Nanotech Center to develop to meet the main needs of the people in the country, which are as follows: Health research, agriculture, environmental energy, and industrial competitions of the country and the world for all 4 research groups focus on important areas. The main benefits of the country are such as the development of fertilizers used in the agricultural sector, the use of nanotechnology to produce quality and safe food. , Cervical Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment Project, Alternative Energy Production Using Nanotechnology, Cosmetic and Food Innovation Project from Cocoon and the project to increase the value of textiles with nanotechnology, which will make the country's nano products standard and safe. We are able to develop new products that are efficient and meet international standards, applying innovations in nanotechnology to further and apply to various research areas to help improve the quality of life of Thai people. Especially to support the elderly society in Thailand. that has increased. It is expected that all 10 research projects will begin to materialize. By 2016, Mr. Nirutti Khun Watt, Advisor to the Minister of Science and Technology, presided over the opening ceremony of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the National Nanotechnology Center or Nanotech, the first national nanotechnology research center in the ASEAN region. Technology has been used to improve to add value to products and promote the quality of life of Thai people at the same time. In addition, the Company has launched 10 research projects targeting 4 groups of nanotechnology at the Nanotech Center to develop to meet the main needs of the people in the country, which are as follows: Health research, agriculture, environmental energy, and industrial competitions of the country and the world for all 4 research groups focus on important areas. The main benefits of the country are such as the development of fertilizers used in the agricultural sector, the use of nanotechnology to produce quality and safe food. , Cervical Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment Project, Alternative Energy Production Using Nanotechnology, Cosmetic and Food Innovation Project from Cocoon and projects to increase textile value through nanotechnology.
Hairy dinosaur fossils found in Uzbekistan Scientists reveal it as a relative of "T. Rex"|Paleontologists at the Smithsonian Institution have unearthed a 90-million-year-old fossil genus Tyrannosaurus. In the desert of Uzbekistan, it is believed to be a "relative" of the famous "Tyrannosaurus Rex" or "T. Rex", a predatory dinosaur.
Paleontologist Hans Sous announces the discovery of a new dinosaur fossil called Timurlengia euotica at the Smithsonian Museum in Washington. United States yesterday (March 14, 2016) Hans explains that this newly discovered dinosaur species lived in the Cretaceous period. Interestingly, it is a "relative" of Tyrannosaurus Rex, also known as "T. Rex," a fierce predatory dinosaur, Timerlenkia, weighs about 600 pounds and is 7 tons smaller than T. Rex. Excellent hearing ability Excellent eyesight and very good sense of smell, which is why later evolutionary dinosaurs like the T. Rex were brilliant predators and developed into huge bodies. The fossils found this time consisted of a skull and a number of bone fragments. Although the number of fossils found is small, it has given scientists a much better understanding of the evolution of the T. Rex. Scientists previously believed that the brain and senses of the T. Rex evolved because of its massive physique, but Timerlenia Uotica, which means animal with "excellent hearing," realized that the dinosaur genus Tyrannosaurus actually had complex brain development and sensory hearing. Excellent vision and smell for a long time.   
"Engineering Bangmod" invents innovation to solve bridge neck - road collapse|King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi Launched an innovation to solve the problem of bridge collapse with EPS foam and road collapse by using tires mixed with asphalt, which is stronger and more economical than using rubber.

Today (June 17, 2016), reporters reported that the Department of Civil Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi The foam is more than 100 times lighter than gravel soil, which usually requires repair every year, but EPS foam will last for more than 15 years. The researchers used car tires to cut them into small pieces and grind them into powder mixed with asphalt in a 1-to-1 ratio, resulting in better heat resistance and a longer service life than asphalt up to 5 years. This innovation will be cheaper and more stiff, which makes driving safer. Head of Geotechnical Engineering Department of Civil Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi said that the advantage is that it can be repaired quickly. Hammer a new gradient needle, but if it is the case that the neck of the bridge is very collapsed. Bad gradient, short antiques. The process will take up to 4 months. 
Facebook launches new feature allowing 24-hour live streaming The future is going to hit the TV industry.|Facebook shows off its newest features 24-hour live trial with the "Continentalus Live Video" allows media groups to broadcast copyrighted programs and limit audiences, but has weaknesses that cannot be viewed retrospectively like a normal live broadcast. Today (May 31, 2016), Thai PBS Online reporters reported that the brand website Buffett www.brandbuffet.in.th published an article by Mr. Somkid Anektaweephol. Report on the latest features of Facebook Live, where users can broadcast live video 24 hours a day. "Continuous Live Video" Previously, the quota limit was 90 minutes, try to play and try to watch Facebook Live on mobile phones for a while, in general, no one used to reach the 90-minute limit (1 hour and a half) limit, except for some TV shows or radio channels, which began to feel that the 90-minute quota that banned Live more than this was an obstacle to the exit, so Facebook launched a new Facebook Live system that can be on-air for 24 hours continuously and non-stop. However, it requires a specific system called "Continuous Live Video" which is not a general application or program, but an API (Application Programming Interface), which requires a certain level of technical knowledge of software development and tools. The Explore.org website is used to broadcast 24 hours a day and night in real reality Bald Eagle life, and in the near future, "Continuous Live Video" will gradually be available to 24-hour news stations, live sports broadcasts longer than 90 minutes, cable TV channels that are available day and night, etc. This system has a weakness is that it will not be able to watch backwards like the normal Facebook Live that people play nowadays that once it is finished, it can still be viewed retrospectively all the time on the wall of the person or the page of the poster. For example, Company A bought the rights to Euro 2020 football for live shooting in Thailand only, using Geogating to determine that only people in Thailand can watch it, etc. If any day this 24-hour "Continuous Live Video" is widespread and has clear sound quality, sharp images, then ... I believe that some countries may ask the question, "Why is this auction for digital TV?" And finally, for Facebook Live, the same 90 minutes is that Facebook also gives a new tool called "engagement graphs on Live video replays" to see the graph that the Live Let's say 20 minutes long that we just finished shooting. How many minutes are viewed? How many people like, laugh, or react? Marketers or producers and artists can use it to see when people like it. When it resonates, etc.
"Uttam" ICT Minister urges draft KMS Cybersecurity|Mr. Uttam Ms. Nayan, Minister of Information and Communication Technology He said the Government Savings ATMs were hacked using malware programs, not affecting the National E-Payment policy, and urged the drafting of the Cybersecurity Law to prevent threats to Mr. Uttam. Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Minister Sao Nayn said the incident did not affect public confidence because the bank was able to control it quickly and did not affect customers' accounts. National E-Payment such as PromptPay as it is a closed system separate from the Bank's ATMs. At the same time, the drafting of the Cyber Security Act for security protection is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. The Electronic Transactions Development Agency (ETDA) oversees cybersecurity across the country, which is a joint function of the public and private sectors. This will encourage the industry to set up security information exchange groups on an industry-by-industry basis, such as the financial sector, which will help them monitor new cyber threats.
Thai "Pokémon GO" disciples praise "Niantic" wearing a black bow on the player.|Pokémon GO players in Thailand have expressed their appreciation. Niantic Inc., developer of Pokémon GO After discovering that the player or his "character" had a black bow attached to it as a way to mourn the passing of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej yesterday (October 29, 2016). Someone posted a message on Facebook "Pokémon GO Thai Public Society (Comprehensive Cycle)". After discovering that the character representing the player or his "character" had a black bow attached to the chest on the left side of the player's shirt. Each player chooses their own clothes, hair color, shoes, etc. The mourning bow just appeared on the player's character yesterday, "Friends, checking my character, many people found that we got a black bow on the shirt." A Facebook user named Yotsathon Hantaweewattana posted a message on Facebook "Pokémon GO Thai Public Society (Comprehensive Cycle)". It also asked if overseas Pokémon GO players had a black bow on their players. It was found that the black bow is only available to Pokémon GO players in Thailand. Many Thai Pokémon GO players expressed their appreciation and gratitude to the game developer who wore a black bow to mourn the player as it shows care and understanding of the feelings of the Thai people. 
Ministry of Science Shows "Household-Level Rice Milling Machine" Starting November 7 |Ministry of Science and Technology prepares to show innovation of rice milling machine for households BAAC brings grade A jasmine rice from farmers to sell directly to consumers at affordable prices. Starting November 7th. Today (5 Nov 2016) Dr. Pichet Durongkaveroj The Minister of Science and Technology said that due to the government's policy to support farmers to sell rice directly to consumers, the Ministry of Science has collaborated with the BAAC to bring grade A jasmine rice from farmers to sell to consumers at affordable prices. Previously, this technology was transferred to farmers and handed over the rice milling machine to more than 100 community enterprises.  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Sarnit Siltham, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Science and Technology, said that there are 2 models of rice milling machines on display, namely the Greenbee Nano 3 model, which is small and compact, weighing only 33 kilograms, capable of milling 38-45 kilograms of paddy per hour, suitable for household consumption as well as in the community. Therefore, the rice is colored to meet the quality needs of consumers. Rice bran and rice husk can be used to feed animals or make fertilizer. The NW 1000 Turbo model can color both white rice and brown rice 50-70 kilograms per hour. The machine has a cyclone to suck rice husk and bran separately into a cloth bag, so there is no dust. There are no stone debris mixed with the rice and you can choose to adjust the whiteness of the rice as needed. SCAT will open a rice sales area and display rice milling machine from November 7 at the Office of the Permanent Secretary, Rama VI Road, Ratchathewi, Bangkok.
Dr. Invites Thais to Watch "Super Full Moon" The closest moon to Earth in 68 years Nov. 14 |The Thai Astronomical Institute invites the public to see the phenomenon of the "Super Full Moon", the largest moon in 68 years, on Loy Krathong Day, November 14, at 8.25 p.m. If you miss it, you may have to wait another 18 years today (November 6, 2016). Deputy Director of the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) On November 14, 2016, at approximately 8:52 p.m., which falls on Loy Krathong Day, the closest super full moon to Earth in 68 years will occur based on the calculation of the distance between the moon and the Earth will be 356,523 kilometers. The same phenomenon is expected to occur again on November 25, 2034 or about 18 years from now, Mr. Saran said, adding that the moon and celestial bodies will be held with various telescopes in 3 main observation points, namely Chiang Mai, Nakhon Ratchasima and Chachoengsao, along with 160 astronomical networks nationwide. His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej at the event plaza in front of Central Festival in Chiang Mai province at 7.09 p.m. on November 14, 2016.Reporters reported that the superfull moon or supermoon is a natural phenomenon that occurs many times due to the orbit of the moon being elliptical and oscillating in and out. As a result, the Moon's orbit sometimes approaches the Earth at unequal distances. Sometimes it can be clearly visible. Sometimes, it may be blurry. 
Comparison of the apparent size of the closest to the Earth full moon in 2016|Dr. S. Reveals an apparent image of the full moon near Earth. On November 14, 2016, compared to April 22, 2016, when the moon was farthest from Earth today (November 15, 2016), the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) (SRI), Ministry of Science, published an apparent image of the closest full moon to Earth in the year (right) on November 14, 2016, at a distance of approximately 356,511 kilometers, compared to the apparent size of the farthest full moon of the year (left) on April 22, 2016, at a distance of approximately 406,350 kilometers.
Dr. Dr. Reveals This year's meteor shower is difficult to see. It's a full moon.|Dr. revealed that this year's Geminids meteor shower is very difficult to see because it coincides with the full moon night with moonlight disturbance throughout this night (Dec. 10, 2016). Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute In 2016, the peak rate of fall is expected to be around 120 stars per hour from the night of December 14 to dawn on December 15. The center of distribution is around the constellation Double Man. And in addition to the Geminids meteor shower, this year there is also the Ersids meteor shower. The rate of falling 10 stars per hour. After the moon returns to the horizon at around 03.00 a.m. on the morning of Dec. 23, 2016. The Geminids meteor shower is caused by the Earth's movement intersecting with a stream of rubble and debris left behind by the asteroid 3200 Faithon as it passes through the inner solar system. Streams of asteroid debris and dust are pulled by Earth's gravity to burn up in the Earth's atmosphere, creating flashes of light and, at times, colorful fireballs. A meteor shower differs from a typical meteor in that it is a meteor with a direction that looks like it comes from a point in the sky, called a radiant, when the center of distribution meets or is close to a constellation, it is called a meteor shower according to that constellation or a star near that constellation, such as a double person meteor shower. Meteor showers, constellations of lions, etc.
Dr. Dr. Dr. said Dec. 22 was the longest night solstice day of the year.|National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) Dec. 22, 2016 is designated as the "Solstice Day", which resulted in the shortest day and longest night period of the year. Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) Revealed that each day the sun rises and sets in a different position. The sun rises most in the east to the south and sets most in the west to the south. As a result, the days are short and the nights are the longest in the year. The sun rises at around 06:37 a.m. and returns to the horizon at around 5:56 p.m., totaling only 11 hours and 19 minutes of daylight. Countries in the northern hemisphere mark the arrival of winter. In the southern hemisphere, summer is approaching. He added that the Earth orbits the sun in an elliptical shape. As a result, the Earth is not the same distance from the sun throughout the year. The nearest range is around the beginning of January (147 million kilometers). Its furthest range is around the beginning of July (152 million kilometers). However, the Earth's axis is tilted 23.5 degrees when the Earth orbits the Sun, causing areas in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres to receive sunlight in terms of both light intensity and duration. Therefore, it is an important part of why the seasons occur in 1 year.
Dr. Confident The earthquake did not hit the National Observatory. |Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute The National Observatory in Chiang Mai province is confident that the earthquake on December 25-26 will not affect the operation of the telescope from the earthquake on the night of December 25 at around 11.43 p.m. with a magnitude of 1.9 with its epicenter in Chom Thong district, Chiang Mai province, and 4 times on December 25-26 with its center in Mae Wang district, Chiang Mai province with a magnitude of about 1.8-3.1 magnitude by the Office of Mineral Resources. District 1 Lampang clarified that the earthquake was caused by the Mae Wang fault that crossed Mae Wang district, Chom Thong district and Hang Dong district, Chiang Mai province. Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Confirming that the 7th Anniversary Anniversary Observatory or the National Observatory is designed to withstand earthquakes according to the Seismic Survival standard of the United States at UBC (Uniform Building Code) Zone 2 level, it can withstand vibrations to a certain extent. buildings, structures and the environment as well. Therefore, it is certain that the earthquake occurred during December 25-26. It has no impact on the operation of the telescope and the overall building structure. Mr. Anurag Jagpor Astronomical technicians work at the National Observatory, which is located at Km. 44, Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai Province, said it felt tremors three times in the evening around 6.30 a.m. and after 5.30 p.m. The floor of the building shook shortly after almost midnight. Vibration again. Feeling the vibration of the TOT repeater tower, which is located in the vicinity of the observatory building, there was no damage or impact on the building and the 2.4-meter telescope of the National Observatory for the 7th Anniversary of His Majesty the King's Birthday. Doi Inthanon National Park, Chom Thong District, Chiang Mai Province is located. TOT Contract Repeater Station (Km. 44.4) Doi Inthanon National Park, Chom Thong District, Chiang Mai Province 2,457 meters above mean sea level The observatory building is a cylindrical building with foundations 21 meters deep. The wall is a ring wall with a diameter of 8.4 meters, while the upper part is equipped with a dome. It measures 9 meters in diameter, 5.5 meters in height, and has a total height of 19 meters.
February 11 Wake up early to see "penumbra lunar eclipse" |National Institute of Astronomical Research Invite the public to watch the phenomenon of "penumbra lunar eclipse" at dawn on February 11 from 05:34 to 06:40 hrs. There is only a slight decrease in brightness. Hard to notice today(9 days) Feb. 2017) Mr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Revealed that the morning before sunrise on February 11, 2017, there will be a penumbra lunar eclipse around 05.34-09.53 hours in Thailand time. Although this penumbra lunar eclipse lasts for 4 hours and 19 minutes, in Thailand the moon will return to the horizon at around 06.42 a.m., so we only have time to observe the penumbra lunar eclipse for a short time around 05.34-06.40 a.m. The penumbra will be at its peak at around 7:43 a.m. If observed with the naked eye, it is not noticeable because the moon partially orbits the penumbra of the Earth. Didn't pass into the shadows. The full moon is still visible but only has a decrease in brightness in the penumbra. It is also when the moon approaches the horizon. The moon will appear very close to the horizon, making it another major obstacle to observing a penumbra lunar eclipse this time. If you use a telescope or comparative imaging of the brightness during the phenomenon, you can see the change in the brightness of the moon more clearly. In 2017, the lunar eclipse that can be observed in Thailand will occur again, namely a "partial lunar eclipse". From after midnight on August 7 to the early morning of August 8, 2017, the moon will begin entering the penumbra of the Earth at 00.22 and end at 02.18. The moon will be most in the Earth's shadow at 01.20. Meanwhile, the total lunar eclipse will return to Thai people in 2018, which is two total lunar eclipses in the same year, namely January 31 and July 28, 2018.   
CAT intensifies sanctions on "Voice TV" offering content affecting security, know the results this afternoon|TV program subordinate CAT intensifies sanctions on "Voice TV" offering content affecting security on Voice TV Affirmative, role-based criticism, no egg. Today (27 Mar 2017) Reporters reported that the Subcommittee oversaw the programming and content of the program. The Broadcasting and Television Commission (CAT), chaired by Lt. Gen. Peerapong Manakit, held a meeting at around 9.00 a.m. Presenting content that is considered to be a repeat offense, Lt. Gen. Peerapong The NBTC revealed before attending the meeting that this hearing was due to the discovery that the broadcast was considered to be repeatedly violated in content that affected security, and around 2016, the NBTC had repeatedly warned and suspended the program, but found that the channel had presented, which had to consider more severe punishment. Rattanasevi, Director of Variety Content and Technology Voice TV, revealed that today a representative of the television station came to clarify, which does not know what the result will be, but Voice TV's position. Confirming that it has presented various program content without wearing beaten eggs as a presentation to criticize the news that arises from news issues that have in the society, the reporter reported that Voice TV was warned by the NBTC to adjust the content of the presentation about criticism of the government and had been suspended from broadcasting for 7 days. Proceedings At the beginning of the month This past March. After the meeting, The subcommittee will speak to reporters at around 1 p.m. today.
April 19 - Eyes on a large asteroid near Earth|The National Institute of Astronomical Research said at 7:24 p.m. tomorrow (April 19). Asteroid 2014 JO25 orbits closest to Earth and does not cause human impact today. (April 2017) Dr. Saran Posayachinda The deputy director of the National Institute of Dara Science Research (NRI) said that tomorrow (April 19) at 7:24 p.m. local time. Asteroid 2014 JO25, with a diameter of about 650 meters, will orbit closest to Earth at a distance of 1.8 million kilometers, or about 4.6 times the distance from Earth to the Moon. By examining the orbit of this asteroid. It was found to be the closest it came to Earth in 400 years and would not happen again in at least 500 years. Astronomers estimate it is larger than the case of the meteorite that fell on Chelyabinsk. Russia, a country in Europe Astronomers around the world are closely monitoring its orbit based on detailed calculations, convinced astronomers that the asteroid 2014 JO25 will orbit close to Earth just like any other asteroid orbiting Earth. But for astronomers, a close-up visit to such a large asteroid This is a great opportunity to observe using radar to study the size and shape of this asteroid, the asteroid 2014 JO25, which is in its closest orbit to Earth between April 19 and 20, 2017. It is estimated that the apparent brightness is about magnitude 10-11, not visible to the naked eye, but can be seen through telescopes with a diameter of 8 inches or more. In the early evening of April 19, it will begin to be observed in the constellation Dragon from around 8:00 p.m. onwards, Dr. Saran said. The Royal Thai Air Force will use a 0.7-meter telescope at the Observatory in Doi Inthanon National Park, Chiang Mai Province to closely monitor the asteroid's motion position. But I assure you that there will be no chance of collision. And it certainly does not affect humans. Small asteroid events (under 10 meters) orbiting close to Earth occur frequently, such as in March. The asteroid 2017 FN1 orbits Earth at a distance of about 51,000 kilometers, or about 0.17 times the distance from Earth to the Moon. Orbits closer to Earth don't happen often, most recently 13 years ago. In September 2004, asteroid 4179 Toutatis orbited close to Earth at a distance of about 1.2 million kilometers, or about 4 times the distance from Earth to the Moon.
June 15 is the closest Saturn to Earth in a year.|National Astronomical Research Institute  Invite Saturn near Earth The brightest of the year on June 15 is visible to the naked eye in the southeast after sunset from 7.30 p.m. until dawn on June 16. (June 2017) Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director of the National Astronomical Research Institute (NRI) said that June 15 is the day when Saturn will orbit in the opposite position to the Sun.  Earth and Sun are aligned in the same straight line with the Earth in the center and are also the closest position to Earth in the year at a distance of about 1,353 million kilometers. Saturn will be observed throughout the night, from sunset until dawn the next day, and will be observed from around 7:30 p.m. to the southeast, between the constellation Scorpion and the constellation Archer. It has a bright yellow color. If you look through a telescope or binoculars with magnification of 30 times or more, Saturn's rings will be clearly visible and will return to the western horizon at dawn on June 16. Taking to Saturn It appears in the sky long throughout the night, allowing us to observe in a variety of ways, such as viewing with the naked eye. Looking through a telescope or binoculars where Saturn's rings can be clearly seen. And after June 15, you can still see the beauty of Saturn until about November, Dr. Saran said that Saturn is normally in the opposite position to the Sun or closest to Earth every year, and the next time on June 27, 2018. Preparing to hold an observation activity "Saturn closest to Earth in the year" from 18:00-21:00 hrs. 3 points: Chiang Mai, Nakhon Ratchasima and Chachoengsao For more information, please visit www.facebook.com/NARITPage
A rare picture of the halo moon on the night of July 7.|Thai astronomers can capture the halo moon over the sky at Sirindhorn Astronomical Park, Chiang Mai. In the middle of the night on July 7, today (July 8, 2017), Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Academic Services The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) said it was able to record images of the moon halo over the sky at Sirindhorn Astronomical Park. Mae Rim District, Chiang Mai In the middle of the night on July 7, a rainbow-like phenomenon. It has a circular shape. These ice crystals act as prismatic glass bars refracting light from the moon at an angle of 22 degrees into the observer's line of sight. Circumstances on the face of the earth This makes it appear as a spectral band of circumference around the moon, which is rare to see.
NBTC Act In effect, 2 boards will be disbanded. DE decrees national overlap scheme|New NBTC Act In effect, 2 boards were disbanded to one board/ Board chair was reduced.  11 to 7 to be selected by the Senate / Multiple clauses hide the power chart for DE directors. It has the right to arbitrate national overlap projects.
Today (22 June 2017) Government Gazette website Dissemination of the Spectrum Allocation and Regulatory Organization Act on Radio Broadcasting, Television and Radio Telecommunications (No. 2) B.E. 2560 (2017) or the NBTC Act, reporters reported that the essence of the new NBTC Act The proportion of the number of "National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission" (NBTC) has been revised. From the current 11 to 7, they specialize in broadcasting, television, telecommunications, engineering, law, economics and consumer protection or promoting people's rights and freedoms. The Secretary-General of the NBTC shall list the prohibited qualifications of the new "NBTC". In addition to the old law, "No person shall be removed from the position of director. or executives of public limited companies because of the reasons that show a lack of suitability to be entrusted with the management of public limited enterprises. Shareholders under the law on securities and exchange"Issue of acquisition of persons to be "NBTC" Originally, there were 2 types of selection methods, namely "self-selection" from professional groups and the other method from "recruitment", but this NBTC Act left the only method of "nomination" and still gives full power to the Senate to select the "NBTC" by "secret ballot" within 30 days from receiving the list from the Secretary-General of the Senate. Be or have been a military officer or police officer with the rank of colonel, naval officer, air force major or police colonel, salary rate, special colonel, special naval officer, special air force captain or special police colonel or above, or 3. Holding or holding the position of "Associate Professor" or above, or 4. Be or have been an executive for at least 3 years in a position not less than Deputy Director, Manager in a public limited company with registered capital of not less than Baht 500 million, or 5. Have at least 10 years of experience working in consumer protection or promoting people's rights and freedoms regularly or continuously6. Experience in broadcasting, television or business management Telecommunications regularly and continuously for not less than 10 years. At the same time, the new NBTC has a term of office of 6 years equal to the old NBTC Act, and if anyone resigns, the remaining directors shall continue to perform their duties, but there must be at least 4 directors. It has been reduced from 15 to 7 members, and it is worth noting that they are from judicial groups and independent organizations, namely:1. Judiciary of the Constitutional Court 2.Judge in the Supreme Court3.Judge in the Supreme Administrative Court4.National Anti-Corruption Committee5.Audit Committee6. Ombudsman and 7. Governor of the Bank of Thailand compared to the NBTC Nominating Committee The original batch found that there were 15 members representing the permanent secretary of various ministries, and representatives from the media profession and civil society as members of the nomination committee. A new set of laws under this law shall be left committee Unlike the current structure, the NBTC Board divides its duties into two sets, namely the "Telecommunications Commission" (NTC) and the "Broadcasting and Television Commission" (NBTC). The preparation of a master plan and spectrum allocation, which also emphasizes the use of "bidding methods" to allocate licenses. In Section 45, except for non-profit waves, the selection method shall be used by other means, the reporter also reported that even in the past, the NBTC Board of Directors However, considering the contents of the new law, there are still powers and duties in many matters, but a significant addition is the work with the "National Digital Economic and Social Committee" (DE), which is likely to affect the direction and decision of the NBTC board from now on, especially national projects or plans. The Prime Minister presided, for example, that there was a clause that contained content on the preparation of various plans of the NBTC. It must be in line with the national policy and plan on digital development for economy and society, including allowing the NBTC to provide information related to the NBTC's plans and licensed operators. From NBTC In relation to digital, as requested by the DE Committee, to be used as an analysis to prepare a policy plan and a national plan on digital development for the economy and society. DE Judgement Committee If the problem is found that the operation of the NBTC Is it in line with the national plan for the digital economy? The relevant persons shall propose to the DE Board the decision of the DE Board and the decision shall be final, and when the NBTC permits any person to use the spectrum, it shall notify the DE Board with the proceeds from the selection for spectrum allocation. When deducting expenses that must be remitted to the Digital Economic and Social Development Fund, it shall be remitted as the revenue of the land, as well as the plan to provide basic telecommunications services thoroughly and certain social services prescribed by the NBTC. The authority to delegate the Office of the DE Board to act in whole or in part on its behalf while preparing the annual expenditure budget of the NBTC is stipulated that before the NBTC Board approves the budget. Approximately to the Office of the NBTC Propose a draft annual expenditure budget. However, if the NBTC and the NBTC Monitoring and Evaluation Working Group do not agree with the DE Board's opinion, the NBTC Office shall revise the decision. Propose a draft budget together with the opinion of the DE director so that the NBTC Board Consider the general aspects of the NBTC's authority under the new KMC, such as the use of spectrum permits, taking into account the national, regional and local interests. To take into account free and fair competition and distribute its use evenly in various businesses, especially public services, to the public in order to make the spectrum suitable for national treasure in case of permission to use spectrum for broadcasting and television business, the method of selection at the national, regional and local levels shall be used according to the criteria. Conditions announced by the NBTC Guidelines must be determined. The method, timing and conditions before the auction must take into account the public interest and the benefits to consumers. The new law also stipulates that the NBTC has the power to recall spectrum from agencies that are not cost-effective and reallocate it from licensees by determining the method of substitution, reimbursement, and compensation for the recalled spectrum recipients, taking into account the rights of those affected by the recall in each case. This is in accordance with the National Plan and Policy and Plan on Digital Development for the National Economy and Society. The Office of the Auditor General of Thailand has also authorized The NBTC has a duty to notify the NBTC to update or suspend the operation. If it is found that the spending of money and assets of the NBTC Not being effective, unreasonably extravagant, or not operating properly according to the plan. If the NBTC Not corrected within the stipulated timeframe. The NBTC may consider reporting to the Senate, which is the nominee for the NBTC, the reporter reported. The current batch was originally set to complete its six-year term of office in October 2017. As a result, the current NBTC board must continue to act until there is a new "NBTC". 
On the night of August 12, the "Mother's Day meteor shower" is expected to see 100 stars per hour.|National Astronomical Research Institute Watch the Perseids meteor shower or Mother's Day meteor shower. Night 12 until dawn August 13 The peak rate is expected to be around 100 suns per hour. Today (9 Aug 260)Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Academic Services The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) said that from the night of Aug. 12 to the morning of Aug. 13, the Perseids meteor shower, often referred to as the "Mother's Day meteor shower," is predicted to peak at around 100 stars per hour. Its center of distribution is in the constellation Perseus. In the northeast sky However, due to the disturbance of moonlight on such days, coupled with Thailand's rainy season, the sky conditions may not be very conducive to observing meteor showers. (109P/Swift-Tuttle) left in orbit 25 years ago. When the Earth orbits cut through the area of such debris. It attracts these debris into the atmosphere. There was a fire. It was a flash of light in the sky. The Perseids meteor shower is the second brightest meteor shower after the Leonids meteor shower. It can be observed between July 17 - August 24 every year, around August 12 - 13 is when meteor showers are at their most. Mr. Suparurk said that since most of Thailand is in the rainy season at this time, it has to deal with weather conditions that are not favorable for astronomical observation. Except for the lower southern regions, where rainfall is relatively small. This is a great opportunity for Southerners to appreciate the beauty of the Perseids meteor shower better than any other region. The Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday Anniversary, Songkhla Province, organized the 2nd Open Sky Activity to find the stars, inviting visitors to the Perseid meteor shower and setting up a telescope to spot interesting celestial objects such as Saturn. Jupiter Sala Thai area, Samila beach Songkhla Municipality, Songkhla Province on the night of August 12 from 17:00-24:00 hrs.  
 "Partial Lunar Eclipse" Above the rainy season| The National Institute of Astronomical Research released images of a partial lunar eclipse on the morning of August 8, recorded by a 0.7-meter diameter telescope at the Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday Anniversary in Chachoengsao at around 1.12 a.m.
 Today(8 Aug 2017) Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Academic Services The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRI) said it released images of a partial lunar eclipse this morning. Recorded by a 0.7-meter diameter telescope at the Royal Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday Anniversary in Chachoengsao at around 1.12 a.m., it was noticeable that the full moon was dented and the brightness of the moon was slightly reduced. It started at around 12:23 a.m. on Aug. 8. The moon moves into the Earth's shadow. The full moon will be observed gradually and dented. The Earth's shadow covers at most about 25 percent of the moon's diameter. At around 1:21 a.m. until the end of a partial lunar eclipse at about 2:19 a.m., the moon reappears in full again, totaling a partial lunar eclipse lasting almost 2 hours. Indian Ocean and Antarctica In Thailand, it can be observed in all areas of the country, Mr. Suparurk said, and in Thailand, the atmosphere of watching astronomical phenomena is very active throughout the country. Provinces where partial lunar eclipses can be observed are Chiang Mai, Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Chachoengsao, Sa Kaeo, Rayong, Suphan Buri, Ubon Ratchathani, Phuket, Trang, Khon Kaen, Krabi, Phang Nga, Chonburi, Kamphaeng Phet, etc. Meanwhile, many provinces in Thailand experienced heavy rainfall and thick clouds and adverse weather conditions, including Lopburi and Hat Yai. Songkhla, Betong, Yala, Phetchaburi, Buriram, Mae Hong Son, Lampang, Ayutthaya, Nakhon Pathom, Chainat, Samut Prakan, Samut Sakhon, Phetchabun, Chiang Rai, Sakon Nakhon The next lunar eclipse will occur on January 31, 2018, which is a total lunar eclipse and can be observed in Thailand.
Dinosaur fossils found Phitsanulok|A graduate student of Naresuan University found fossils of shells and dinosaur bones by accident at the foot of the mountain in front of the White Chipa shrine. Wang Thong District, Phitsanulok Province, recently sent to Kalasin province for examination. Wait to hear the results whether it is a new breed of the country or not. Ready to put up signs blocking the boundary waiting for geoscientists to inspect the area 19 August this yesterday (17 August 2560) Pravirat Jansaro The abbot of Khao Chi Temple along with villagers went to see the area in front of the White Chipa shrine at the entrance to Khao Chi village. Ban Klang Subdistrict, Muang District, Phitsanulok Province At the point where Phriyatho students of Geology Department of Naresuan University researched the soil and rock layers, but found fossils, which are thought to be rare carnivorous dinosaur fossils. Take it back for a thorough inspection at Sirindhorn Museum Research Center or Phu Kum Khao Dinosaur Museum. Kalasin province to confirm whether it is dinosaur bones or not. The president of Ban Klang Subdistrict Administration Organization said that this area is a forest area within the national park and also a community forest area for villagers. Therefore, not many people come to do anything, most of the area is still intact, and from now on, will make a banner announcing the restricted area to wait for those involved to come in and conduct a thorough inspection because if dinosaurs are found to exist, it is believed that it will have a positive effect on the villagers in the area and the people of Phitsanulok province. Students who found the fragments, along with instructors and experts from the Paleontology Museum, Natural Geology, Lampang Province, will travel together to inspect the spots, as well as bring the found parts to villagers and the media to reveal academic details about the area and the results of the examination of the fragments.  
International Space Station "Northern Lights" Beauty Show |Today (26 Sep 2017) Reporters reported that the European Space Agency It is a rare natural phenomenon as the editors of travel magazine All About Lapland documented the Northern Lights in northern Finland. He said he had to drive up to 500 kilometres north of Finland to search for areas where the sky was open to see the colorful Northern Lights. Purple, pink, and yellow skies in early spring, which is the perfect time to see the Northern Lights phenomenon caused by collisions between charged particles in the Earth's magnetic field and neutral atoms in the Earth's upper atmosphere.
Iris scan warning for transactions, risk of data theft by hackers|Cybersecurity Specialist Be aware of the use of iris to verify your identity to conduct financial transactions via smartphones, which may create vulnerabilities for hackers to steal information. In less than 3 seconds, you can verify your identity to make transactions in the credit card application and be able to pay installments and withdraw cash online 24 hours a day. Users must fill in their identity verification information and create an account with an online data collection provider. Before entering the iris scan application to collect information to check the use of Mr. Thasapong Rangshould Credit Card Business Director Krungthai Card Public Company Limited said iris scanning for transactions is only possible on selected smartphone models and cannot be performed on people who wear big-eye contact lenses. Other smartphones are accessed with a fingerprint scanner, which provides security and reduces bad debt risks, prompting users to control their spending and payments on time. While some credit card users said that while they appreciate convenience, iris scanning may be too new, they asked for time to learn how to use it, said Parinya Hom Anek, a cybersecurity expert. Although the sensor system has been developed to be as accurate as developed countries use, cyber threats are now in a serious situation, hackers seek vulnerabilities to attack systems or steal data. Not counting the risk of being forced into the system by criminals or inadvertently, coupled with the unequal skills of Thai people, it is a risk of losing money in the wallet unknowingly. Cybersecurity experts also agree that the government should have a regulator and provide users with clear e-payment system knowledge rather than building a new system to move towards a cashless society as hoped. 
Experience Thai children join KMITL-U.S. Space Camp for 2nd year scholarship until October 14|In other words, science and astronomy are close to everyone. Whether it's about the law of gravity static electricity Lunar or solar eclipse This includes sending spacecraft to explore stars that are expected to be inhabited by life. As a result, astronauts are likely to be one of the dream careers of many children as a child. Many children's dreams are more or less closer to reality. After King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL), The U.S. National Space and Rocket Center and several private companies jointly distributed scholarships under the Thai Astronaut Discovery Scholarship Program. Year 2: The winner of the scholarship will represent Thailand in an intensive 10-day introductory space exploration course at the U.S. National Space and Rocket Center (Space Camp) in Huntsville, Alabama. ThaiPBS Online will hear the perspectives and experiences of two of the three Thai children represented in the first year and one who participated in the program with private funds to travel for a once-in-a-lifetime experience that few people will ever encounter. This may inspire many Thai children to seize this opportunity to make their dreams come true. Miss Chayanit Ophassereepadung, 17 years old, Grade 5 student Wattana Wittaya Wittaya Academy told me that he learned about the project from the publicity at the school, which is usually someone who is already interested in space and astronomy. When I was young, I loved watching science documentaries and regularly participating in activities with the Institute for the Promotion of Teaching Science and Technology (STI), including going to the Bangkok Planetarium. The rocket was sent into space. Make a lot of friends. Make connections in the future. They develop a variety of skills, work together as a team, and become more assertive. In the small group, there will be 4 Thai children, 6 Australians and 3 U.S. children in the future. The idols are Father and Stephen William Hawking. Theoretical physicist and cosmologist, professor at the University of Cambridge, as a self-devoted man who dreams of becoming a university professor like Hawking. It is recommended to read an old exam from last year. Theories and history of space exploration And if the final 21 qualifiers, EQ will be measured before the final 3 representatives. Mr. Navin Ngamphuphan, 17 years old, Grade 6 student Vajirawut Wittayalai School said that he learned about the project from social networks by representing 1 out of 4 people from Vajirawut Wittayalai School and was lucky to be in the final 21 and 1 of the last 3 people who went to the space. Camp as a child The family is already supportive and passionate about space. Buy science books to read and take them to the science museum from time to time. Personally, I was inspired by the Space project. Because I got to see the real and virtual things how to do it. Whether it's making space shuttles and rockets. In addition, experience and language are obtained. Teamwork from mission to current communication He studied at the Faculty of Science, Mahidol University, Salaya Campus and in the future, he wanted to be a scientist. But I didn't mean to take it that way. Patimaviruj, 10, said she has participated in the program twice since she was 8 years old, supported by her mother with personal funds, and in the first year joined the Space Camp program, and in the same year, she was the only Thai child who participated in the program. leadership In the second year, he joined the Space Academy program and next year intends to join the program again, but it will also be the Aviation Challenge, which is an F-18 pilot training program. For those who are interested, you can apply for the scholarship competition exam at www.spacecampthailand.com from now until October 14. Registration fee is 500 baht and 4 school representatives are free of charge. The exams will be held on October 22 from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at the Faculty of Engineering, KMITL and "Stem Camp" will take place from November 17-19.    
NBTC still unsure Mark Zuckerberg visits Thailand at the end of the month This October |NBTC isn't sure yet. Mark Zuckerberg. The founder and CEO of Facebook will visit Thailand and meet with the Prime Minister in late October. As the IT industry rumors spread, it is unclear whether Mark Zuckerberg actually came to Thailand or not. Today (18 Oct 2017) Reporters reported that the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha prime minister Respond to media inquiries Following a Cabinet meeting yesterday (Oct 17) at Government House regarding Mark Elliott Zuckerberg's visit to Thailand, the Prime Minister announced that he would not be able to attend a meeting with the Prime Minister. An American businessman who founded and ran Facebook, where they will discuss and exchange views on Facebook collaboration. Impact of transnational crime on Facebook to find solutions to prevent and solve problems that will arise. He said it was a good opportunity to develop cooperation between the two sides to benefit both sides, according to an inquiry with Lt. Gen. Weerachon Sukonthapatiphak. Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office The exact details of this case are still unknown. According to the procedure, the meeting with the leaders of the country will be coordinated in advance and it must be clearly defined who will host the invitation, which government agency or agency it will be, and what the talking points will involve. As far as I know, this news comes from the interview of Mr. Somkid Jatusripitak. Deputy Prime MinisterMr. Thakorn Tantasit The NBTC Secretary-General revealed that it is not known whether Mark will actually come to Thailand or not, nor do he know what he will discuss with the Prime Minister. It is not necessary to meet with the NBTC because it is considered to have found Gen. Prayuth, who is already a national leader. No need to talk to the NBTC. In the past, the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DE) and the police have been working with the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DE) and the police to block inappropriate websites, which has cooperated well. Technology and IT journalists affiliated with various media outlets have tried to verify information and facts with sources in the IT industry about the trip by Facebook executives, but it is not clear whether Mark will arrive in Thailand at the end of October. Meanwhile, ThaiPBS reporter Mark asked for the facts on his Facebook page, which is currently awaiting an answer. Read more news "Mark Zuckerberg" visits Thailand Meet Gen. Prayut on Oct. 30     
Thai PBS Launched Geolocation, travel map and Royal Service Point on Google Map|"Thai PBS Online" news team facilitates people who want to travel to attend the cremation ceremony of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej. Geolocation has been created to identify convenience and travel points in the application's map. 1. Scan the QR Code or click www.thaipbs.or.th/Map2Go will automatically access Google Map. If you cannot access Google Map automatically• In case of scanning the QR Code or clicking the link via Twitter, sign in with your Google account to have Google Map save the map in the application. • If you click on the link via Facebook, tap the marker at the bottom right of the phone screen, then select Open in a web browser. If you click on the link via Line, tap the mark at the top right of the phone screen (for IOS operating systems) and select Open in a web browser. You will see icons for convenience and transportation points divided into the following topics: • Pick-up and embarkation-boat-train-train-airplane• Replica crematorium and sandalflower offering arch in inner area • Screening Point• • Food distribution points Medical Unit • Toilet • Free accommodation provided by Bangkok 3. When you tap the icon, a place name will appear at the bottom of your phone's screen, tap the place name to read the details. Browse the topic you want to see by tapping "View map description" and then selecting the topic you want to turn on-off 5. For those who have a Google Account (@gmail.com), sign in for ease of use: • Get directions from your current address to a specific location. • Browse maps even after leaving Google Maps by accessing the left menu bar of the search box, then selecting the "Your Places" menu. Select "Map", and a map of convenience and transportation points provided by the "Thai PBS Online" news team will appear. Note: If you don't sign in, maps won't be automatically saved in Google Maps. 
Discover 3 new species of banana root fish from Thailand and the Mekong River basin.|Good news. Dr. Chaolit Wittayanond and Research Team, Ubon Ratchathani University The discovery of 3 new species of banana root fish in Thailand and the Mekong basin took more than 10 years to complete. United States Today(1 hour) (Nov. 2017) Dr. Chaolit Wittayanond has been studying and collecting data on banana root fish for more than 10 years because he noticed that banana root fish that people eat are not the same. In cooperation with the Department of Fisheries and Ubon Ratchathani University, the study and data collection before sending it to the Natural History Museum, California. Until it was confirmed that it is a new type of banana root fish of Thailand and the Mekong basin, which is different from the banana root fish in Myanmar and Indonesia that has been previously researched, Dr. Chao Lit said that there are 3 new types of banana root fish. The body and cheeks have polka dots and 2 tentacles at the tip of the chin, unlike other species that have 4 tentacles. And the last type is spotted banana root fish, which is a banana root fish with large spots on the body, which is a highlight and different from other banana root fish for banana root fish in Thailand. Currently, there are about 7 species, both named and not yet known, with all 3 species of banana root fish found in many areas. Mae Klong River, Ratchaburi Province to Kanchanaburi Province, Chao Phraya River Sukhothai River Basin Mekong The beginning of the rainy season is the most common. The study researched a new type of banana root fish. In addition to successful research, it also makes it known that the water quality in various water bodies is still of excellent quality because banana root fish is an aquatic animal that cannot tolerate water pollution. If nitrogen in the water is too high Banana root fish can also die instantly. When the study area found banana root fish, so you can be sure that the water quality in those areas is still good. But at present, the number of banana root fish has started to decline until there is no more production of fish sauce from banana root fish or there is less production, including the price of banana root fish that has increased from before, thanks to the photo on Facebook Chavalit Vidthayanon. 
 "Knife Resistant Gloves" Innovation from Latex|The Thailand Institute of Scientific and Technological Research develops innovative products, aromatherapy pillows, cut-resistant gloves, adding rubber value to solve the problem of falling rubber prices. Reduce imports of rubber products Generate income for sustainable rubber farmers yesterday (8 November 2017) Dr. Lakshmi Palangsaengmas, Governor of the Thailand Institute of Scientific and Technological Research (STI), said that technology and innovation are now used to develop rubber into value-added products. This leads to commercial expansion for production and distribution both domestically and internationally. In various ways to solve the falling rubber prices that have caused trouble for rubber farmers. The innovation produced from various types of latex includes the production of thick and thin latex coated fabric gloves. It has anti-cut-sharp properties. 1 kilogram of latex can be used to coat up to 30 pairs of gloves, if using continuous machinery with a monthly production capacity of 500,000 pairs, the latex consumption will be about 16.7 tons per month. Dr. Lakshmi said that the company has developed a healthy shoe pad forming machine. To print personalized foot patterns and then use concentrated latex to develop into footprint printed bags. To be used to make shoe inserts suitable for people whose feet do not fit the standard or those who want to take care of their health and exercise to wear comfortably and hygienically. This shoe reinforcement pad has increased the value of latex by 10 times. It uses scents extracted from various plants such as lavender. Vetiver and jasmine or jasmine scents that help to sleep easily, relax, balance and calm mood, which can increase the value of latex 3-5 times. Developed into products with industry standards in accordance with TIS 2377-2551, increasing the value of rubber by 2-4 times and reducing the import of rubber flooring products as well. At present, Wang Chan Hospital, Rayong Province. It is used for physical training for toddler patients and child development training. The natural bank erosion prevention kit consists of 2 important parts: 1. The anti-erosion layer from a new type of interlocking block that improves the properties of latex. Easy construction, low cost, and 2.Filter layer from latex coated fabric. It retains the soil from being washed out of the bank area and allows water to penetrate the material layer. To reduce the pressure of water flowing out of the soil along the bank. 
"GSDA" summary of rocket parts crashed at Khong Chiam 1 week to know who the owner|"Jisda" sends a team to investigate the mysterious object that fell in the village. Khong Chiam Ubon Ratchathani Expected to be a satellite launch rocket part. More today.
  2 But it doesn't confirm who it belongs to. Expect 1 week to know the results after checking the data to find out who is responsible if there is damage. Today (16 Nov 2017) aaaaa aaaaa Director of the Office of Satellite Operations, Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISDA), Lt. Col. Pongpichet Nilchan Deputy Superintendent of Suppression Khong Chiam Police Station with GSDA Engineer Officer Inspect the metal debris that fell in the area of 4 villages in Na Pho Klang district. Khong Chiam Ubon Ratchathani Yesterday (15 reviews) (Nov) Initially, a total of 12 pieces were found ranging in length from 60 centimeters to 50 centimeters wide, and today 2 new pieces were found up to 6 meters long. It is expected to be a piece of rocket used to launch satellites into orbit. In the space layer, it is part of the rocket body and the fuel tank. For the fall of this rocket. It is not expected to go outside Earth, but at an altitude of at least 100 kilometers. When the rocket falls back down at speed, it will friction with the air, causing fire and sound from the impact in the form of a sonic boom. It makes a loud noise that the villagers hear, not from an explosion in the sky, but from the impact of an object against the air before breaking into pieces. Mr. Boonchub said it is not yet known which nation's spacecraft was used to deliver the rocket. To check with the Space Agency, which will have a detailed record of the rocket launching into orbit of nations, Jisda coordinates to know the details of the direction and time of the rocket being launched into orbit. We should know the results in 1 week. As for the damage, if it occurs, the rocket owner must be held responsible because it is an international agreement of the United Nations. It is recommended that if you see a foreign object falling from the Earth's atmosphere. It should be sent to the authorities to investigate the source of the object in order to benefit the study of the rocket's path further for doubts that the contents of the rocket will be radioactive or not believe that there is none because the rocket's fuel is hydrogen and liquid oxygen and has not yet been identified as a rocket used to launch spacecraft of any nation. It must be checked to the United Nations that will have detailed records of rocket launches into orbit of nations.  
"Buachakrapong" New species of mixed lotus Winner of 3 global awards|The owner of the lotus garden in Kamphaeng Phet province developed further cross-pollination until a new variety of lotus named Bua Chakkrapong by submitting a contest and was able to win 3 world championships yesterday (December 3, 2017). Mr. Chakkrapong Sangngam, 34 years old, owner of Bua Chakungrao Garden in Sa Kaeo Subdistrict. Amphur Muang, Kamphaeng Phet Province Pollination across the sub-lotus genus until a new species of lotus is obtained. It is named Bua Chakkrapong, which is a pink lotus flower with a bright white belt. It has beautiful petals and has a pleasant smell and was submitted to "The International Waterlily &; Water Gardening Society" in the United States in 2017, winning 3 awards from 12 global awards. Includes: Best Prize of the Fair, Grand Prize of Lotus Guava Hybrid, Winner of Lotus Hybrid Subgenus Mr. Chakrabong Revealed that he did not dream that from a flower shop and small garden in Kamphaeng Phet province would receive a world class award, but because he loved to grow and breed various species of lotus and researched endlessly, he got a beautiful lotus. Make them earn hundreds of thousands of baht per month. For Chakkraphong lotus, it is a lotus made from Thai lotus pollen and guava lotus. Therefore, it is weather resistant and easy to grow. Growing, flowering, fecundity Currently, there are foreigners and Thais ordered at least 50 trees, with Mr. Chakkrapong setting the price at 3,500 baht per tree, while other types of lotus have different prices depending on the species, such as lotus that crosses subgenus, has a small number of 3 years, has 3 shoots, the price rises to 12,000 baht. Mr. Chakkrapong is also preparing to further develop the lotus species. To maintain the status of the Lotus breeder champion in the next competition.      
25th anniversary of the world's first SMS success|Today (Dec. 4), 25 years ago, marked the first day in the world's history that the world's first mobile short message (SMS) was launched, marking the beginning of a revolution in person-to-person communication via Neil text. Papworth British engineers He said he was proud of his achievement in creating a new innovation in communication, which happened 25 years ago: sending short messages on his mobile phone, the first short message Papworth sent to Richard's mobile phone. Jarvis, a former executive at Telecommunications giant Vodafone at the time, was "Merry Christmas." At that moment, he had to use a computer to send messages, and the recipient still could not use his mobile phone to interact. Just receive and read messages. Information from local news agencies in England In 2007, 66 billion SMS were sent, and in 2012 this figure increased to 151 billion, and now in England there are 96 million messages sent per day. 
Bill Gates praises Krishna for "Heros in the field"|Bill Gates, the world's leading American billionaire, paid attention to and praised Thai pharmacists." Dr. Krishna Kraisin" is the "Heros in the field". As a creator of contributions, dedication. Heros in the field is the definition praised by American billionaire Bill Gates. Adjunct Professor, Female Pharmacist Dr. Krisana Kraisin  As a creator of contributions, dedication. Doing good for patients around the world, especially his work in the production of anti-AIDS drugs, which Dr. Krishna has an interesting history. In addition to using her knowledge and abilities to help Thai people, she has been working in African countries for longer. In a 2-minute video clip of Bill Gates having his team travel to meet and follow Dr. Krissana's work to Yaha, Yala province, earlier this month, Bill Gates posted on his Facebook and blog as a short clip that introduced Dr. Krishna to the world as a devoted person. Female pharmacist Krissana, also known as Gypsy Pharmacist, was the initiator of the research and was able to produce a generic drug called "AIDS medicine", making Thailand the first developing country to produce high-quality anti-AIDS drugs that are almost 20 times cheaper than imported medicines. Teaching work She was the head of the Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Prince of Songkla University.  Dean, Faculty of Oriental Medicine He was the Director of Research and Development Institute of Pharmaceutical Organization.  In addition to making contributions and doing good in Thailand. What earned her global acclaim came from her dedication. Having worked in African countries for 12 years, such as Congo, Liberia, Tanzania, most of which are poor, to the extent that she has successfully produced anti-AIDS drugs in her professional life in Africa, and pushed for expansion to reach countries that need to be To help patients in countries on the continent access medicines more affordably. Dr. Krishna received the World Scientist Award. Asia's Person of the Year Award and the first Thai pharmacist to receive the Magsaysay Award Public Service Branch In 2009, Dr. Krishna's current life at the age of 65, despite quitting her full-time job entirely, she continued to pursue the work she loved. Under Krishna Kraisin Foundation Langkasuka Model is the main work that has been done in the past 3 southern border provinces to improve the quality of herbs in the area. Inviting villagers to grow herbs and process them to make herbal powder. Expanding the area to do in the north together with Phra Mahawutthaya Vajiramethi or Vajiramethi as a scientist, she has faith and always says that everything has a solution. Never give up. 
December 21 "Solstice Day", the longest night of the year|The National Institute of Astronomical Research has declared tomorrow (Dec. 21) the longest night solstice of the year. Northern Hemisphere countries enter winter Southern hemisphere countries enter summer.  Mr. Saran Posayachinda Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Revealed on December 21, 2017 The sun rises most in the east to the south and sets most in the west, resulting in the shortest days and the longest night periods of the year, also known as the "Mao Solstice" (Mao-Mayan). In Thailand, it is called "Tawan Om Khao". The sun rises at around 6:36 a.m. and returns to the horizon at around 5:55 p.m. local time, for a total daylight duration of just 11 hours and 19 minutes. Meanwhile, countries in the northern hemisphere mark the arrival of winter. As for the countries in the southern hemisphere, it is the day of summer. He added that the Earth orbits the sun in an ellipse, so the earth is not the same distance from the sun in one year. The closest range is around the beginning of January (147 million kilometers) and the farthest is around the beginning of July (152 million kilometers), where the difference in the distance of the Earth's orbit around the Sun is a very small ratio, so it does not affect the seasonality, but the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted at an angle of 23.5 degrees to the Earth's orbital plane around the Sun. As a result, different areas around the world receive different amounts of sunlight. As a result, there are different temperatures, as well as different periods of day and night. It causes seasons to occur on Earth. Daylight hours are longer than night. The sun rises early and sets slowly. In winter, the night lasts longer. The sun rises slowly and sets early.
Unlock Draft New Research and Innovation Act Use in the middle of this year.| Gen. Prajin supports unlocking the country's research and innovation to support Thailand 4.0 and sets guidelines for researchers to be protected The goal is to produce 60 researchers per 10,000 population in 20 years, from 12-14 today (January 10, 2018). Gen. Prajin Jantong The Deputy Prime Minister said that since 2007, research has become more important in all countries around the world. When research is created, it produces wisdom and knowledge. Build into a technique This results in new innovations. The world is competing. To create research to create a better quality of life for people in the country, Thailand has begun to be alert to create research to develop into innovation. By finding strengths to meet the needs of the global market. Prajin said the government is now preparing to abolish the Research and Innovation Law, but will bring it together to create a national research and innovation bill. B.E. by the Cabinet or the Cabinet approved the hundred. The renovation is currently underway to be completed by February. It is expected to be enacted by the middle of this year by the National Research and Innovation Act. It is designed to solve 4 problems: economic, social, social, and social. To promote the Thailand 4.0 national strategy and prepare to set up the Office of the National Innovation Research Policy Board under the supervision of the National Innovation Research Policy Council. The Deputy Prime Minister said that in the past, research on Thai herbs required scientific certification, food and drug organizations, and commerce, which hindered development and dissemination. This is another issue that needs further discussion, including patent or copyright issues where researchers must benefit from their work. Therefore, the creation of this Act unlocks various problems so that all parties can participate in solving problems and developing researchers. quality research and innovation. Thailand has less than 100,000 researchers, or 12-14 researchers per 10,000 population, and the government aims to create 24-25 qualified researchers per 10,000 people in 5-10 years, and the long-term plan in 20 years is expected to generate 60 researchers per 10,000 population. In 2019, "reforms to support the national strategy and meet the needs without budget and legislation will be unlocked to solve the problem. Researchers will be protected their rights. When it is extended to researchers, it will pay off in the long run. This makes people more interested in research, science, innovation. We must aim for a global research and innovation system to drive the country towards stability, with the economy, society, knowledge, people and networks as key elements in moving Thailand towards sustainable prosperity." 
We set up 4 cameras to watch "Super Blue Blood Moon" this evening.|National Astronomical Research Institute Set up 4 cameras to watch a special total lunar eclipse "Super Blue Blood Moon" that occurs during the moon's near-Earth orbit. A large brick-red full moon can be seen across Thailand today (January 31, 2018). Mr. Saran Posayachinda The director of the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) said that Dr. Chuan participated in the first observation of the first total lunar eclipse of 2018 today (January 31) from 5.00 p.m. to 10.00 p.m. and set up 4 main observation points, namely the courtyard in front of Central Festival Chiang Mai, the 7th Anniversary Observatory Nakhon Ratchasima, the 7th Anniversary Observatory Chachoengsao, and the Mermaid Observatory at Samila Beach. In addition, Songkhla Province has collaborated with a network of schools in the project to distribute opportunities to learn astronomy in 77 provinces, totaling 260 schools nationwide. Set up different types of telescopes. The event will broadcast the total lunar eclipse on Facebook at approximately 6.30 p.m. www.facebook.com/NARITpage to 10.00 p.m. by broadcasting signals from the main observation point in front of Central Festival shopping center. Chiang Mai. This total lunar eclipse is more special than other times because it is a lunar eclipse that occurs when the moon orbits close to the Earth. With a distance of only 360,191 kilometers from Earth, the brick-red full moon can be seen with a slightly larger size than usual. It also coincides with the 2nd full moon in January. Known as "Blue Moon", the full moon usually occurs only once a month and occurs infrequently. Also known as "Super blue blood moon" is a total lunar eclipse during the moon's orbit near the Earth and on the 2nd full moon of the month. He reiterated that today's total lunar eclipse can be seen with the naked eye in all areas of Thailand. The total eclipse is between 7:51 p.m. and 21:07 a.m. and ends at 11:08 p.m.
Watch "Super Blue Blood Moon" Don't be disappointed!! See vividly across Thailand|Dr. Reveals "Super Blue Blood Moon" Images Across Thailand Not Disappointed, Open Skies Ready to Watch a Total Lunar Eclipse Will come back for Thai people to see again. In the early morning before sunrise on July 28, along with the phenomenon "Micro Full Moon" today (January 31, 2018). The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) has released images of a total lunar eclipse. On the night of January 31, another special total lunar eclipse because it occurs during the moon's orbit near the Earth, and on the 2nd full moon of the month, the brick-red full moon can be seen slightly larger than normal, also known as the "Super Blue Blood Moon" for Thailand, visible to the naked eye from around 6:30 p.m. onwards, the total eclipse time is 19:51-21:07 and the phenomenon ends at 23:08. Nakhon Ratchasima Observatory, Chachoengsao Observatory and Mermaid Observatory, Samila Beach, Songkhla Lunar Eclipse will return to Thai people once again. In the early morning before sunrise on July 28, the full moon will appear slightly smaller than normal, known as the "Micro Full Moon".          
The Ministry of Digital Affairs sets 5 goals to enhance the "economy-society"  |Ministry of Digital Affairs moves forward with digital society Set 5 development goals to install Pracharat net covering 24,700 villages to support e-commerce business growth and pop up "Digital Park" in Chonburi province, a digital knowledge hub, aiming to create big data to integrate data from 20 ministries to link government work today (February 1, 2018). Minister of Digital Economy and Society Speaking at the seminar on "ICT Development Strategy", he stated that the ministry has set technology development goals in Thailand in 5 areas: infrastructure, human development, business development, cybersecurity, and government efficiency development. Mr. Pichet said that the ministry is currently in the process of accelerating the Net Pracharat project to reduce inequality in people's access to technology. By installing fiber optic networks in 24,700 villages, more than 2 million people have registered to use the public net, and the trend is increasing. This will improve the quality of life, especially to penetrate the e-commerce market so that farmers or OTOP shops, including shohuai shops, can sell products via the Internet. Pilot trained 1,000 trainers last month. It is expected that within 2 months, it will produce 100,000 trainers to train people thoroughly outside and to solve the digital shortage. The government has accelerated the development of people at all levels. Learn about digital, including how to use the basics, where appropriate, and support visa unlocking. To attract digital experts from abroad to develop personnel in this field. The Digital Minister said that there will be a push for digital innovation zones to develop industrial and technological businesses. Currently, the ministry is preparing to renovate an area of 709 rai at Sriracha district, Chonburi province into a digital park Thailand to be a center for digital technology knowledge for the people. A monitoring system must be developed. Finding ways to prevent and ready to solve problems by collecting hacker data for analysis to find ways to develop the system further. In the future, there may be more cyber insurance businesses to prevent damage to information. By using technology to build data centers since 4 months ago to collect data from the Ministry of Energy. Ministry of Public Health, Ministry of Finance The Ministry of Transport and 20 other ministries have been developed to be able to extract data across departments. Skip the ministry and implement it quickly. We are currently in the process of checking the information of various ministries to see if they are complete or not, and designing the information management system to be practical for the benefit of the people.
Jisda Reveals Valentine's Day Heart Satellite Image|Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISDA) Broadcast false mixed colors from Thai Chot satellite images depicting the heart-shaped holy land in Sukhothai province and the mountains of hearts in Phu Kradung National Park, Loei province. Valentine's Day (February 14) Valentine's Day this year (February 14, 2018) Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or Jisda Show Thai Chot satellite imagery with a heart-shaped image of the Holy Land located in the center of the high seas. In the district Pakkwai Sukhothai is this heart-shaped holy land. Stemming from the concept of the monkey cheek project along the royal initiative. To solve the problem of repeated floods and droughts in Sukhothai province, a project to build a water reservoir was started in 2545 for people to use and designed to be a heart shape for the word "heart shape" was born from the concept of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin. When he was the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, he wanted the area to convey the love and unity of the people. In addition, a heart-shaped island has been created and named "Heart-shaped Holy Land", which if you travel by plane and pass through the area, you will see a heart-shaped island surrounded by heart-shaped water. It is another beautiful scenery. There is also the Mountain of Hearts. Around Phu Kradung National Park, Loei Province, that looks like a heart shape. If you look at it from a bird's eye view from satellites, drones, or UAVs, you can see clearly, but if you look at it horizontally, you cannot know that you are surrounded by the wonderful heart of nature. The red image is a "false color combination", which is a combination of image colors to distinguish the desired object so that it is more visible. From such a picture is a classification of forest areas. When color is mixed, it is possible to see the amount of forest area, and it is also possible to classify forests. It depends on the user what color they want to set.
The end of Tiangong- 1 falls in the Pacific Ocean.|The Chinese government confirms the space station. Tiangong-1 It has fallen into the Earth's atmosphere in the central South Pacific Ocean and burned almost completely today (April 2, 2018). The Associated Press reported that at 7:15 a.m. local time, China's Tiangong-1 space station has fallen to Earth in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean, reports said. Therefore, it does not cause any damage to objects on the earth's surface and does not affect airspace flight as predicted by China's Air Engineering Bureau. Mr. Sittiporn Channamsin Researchers and orbital mechanics experts at the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or Jisda, Ministry of Science and Technology, said it has now been confirmed by China that Tiangong-1 is a "very good option". It has fallen to earth in the Pacific Ocean and has no effect on Thailand. We are currently monitoring who will be recovering and it may take some time to detect the exact drop point. In principle, the country that owns the space station must continue to be the borrower. The Tiangong-1 space station is a huge object in deep space. The 50th piece to fall completely uncontrollably back into Earth's atmosphere. In addition to Tiangong-1, there are about 500,000 pieces of space junk and expired rockets whose crashes have yet to be predicted.  
Mahidol University research team discovers how to reproduce cold plants without going through cold weather|Agricultural Science Research Team, Mahidol University, Kanchanaburi Campus Discover how to reproduce temperate perennial fruit trees without going through cold weather according to natural processes. Today ( 8 March 2018) Asst.Prof.Dr.Surawut Yuyongvech Agricultural Science Research Team The School of Interdisciplinary Sciences, Mahidol University, Kanchanaburi Campus revealed the results of the latest study: "Through preliminary tests, the research team has discovered a method of reproduction of some species of temperate perennial fruit trees without going through cold weather with natural low temperatures." These findings will be of great benefit to the development of winter wood research that leads to practical use. It contributes to economic value in the agricultural sector. And from learning about winter perennial fruit trees from Prof. Dr. Suranan Supatraphan and Prof. Hiroshi Gemma, it was found that the development of the reproductive cycle of temperate perennial fruit trees in nature must go through periods of low winter temperatures for several days or months to accumulate enough cold so that the tree can continue to reproduce according to its development cycle until it can produce a full yield. This research study The project is being conducted by a research team from the Department of Agricultural Sciences, Mahidol University, Kanchanaburi Campus, which is being implemented in collaboration through the MU Talent Mobility project with the Faculty of Environment and Resource Sciences. The preliminary study has led to the discovery of methods to induce the reproductive development of winter perennial fruit trees. Especially in the group of fruit trees that provide high antioxidants. Without the use of chemical induction under a temperature control system that does not cause trees to experience winter temperature conditions according to natural conditions abroad. Based on such initial successes. Currently, the research team has accelerated the research study in order to be able to apply the results from the findings effectively which will benefit the agricultural economy of the nation in the future. Information By: Asst. Prof. Dr. Surawut Yuyongvech Lecturer, Department of Agricultural Science / International Relations and Organizational Communication, Mahidol University, Kanchanaburi Campus
The sun is perpendicular April 4 is not yet the hottest day.|Dr. S. Reveals the time when the sun is perpendicular to Thailand. From south to north, it starts April 4 in Betong district, Yala province, while Bangkok on the day the sun sets on April 27. Repeatedly, it may not be the hottest day. 

Today (3 Apr 2018) Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomical Academic Services, National Astronomical Research Institute (NRRI) said that during April – May this year.  The sun is perpendicular to the provinces of Thailand. Starting at the southernmost point of the country at Betong district, Yala province, on April 4 at around 12:18 p.m., then continuing north for this year's Bangkok on April 27. The sun orbiting perpendicular will be positioned exactly overhead. If standing in the sun It may not be the hottest day depending on many factors, until May 22, 2018, the sun will be perpendicular to the northernmost part of Thailand.  Mae Sai Chiang Rai province at around 12:17 p.m. because Thailand is located in the tropics, between 5-20 degrees north latitude. Countries in this area have two days a year when the sun passes closest to its overhead point, with different orbital periods varying from area to area. Therefore, each province of Thailand sees the sun passing overhead at the same time, and the next time the sun moves perpendicular to Bangkok. Again, during the rainy season on August 16, 2018, at around 12.22 p.m., the sun is perpendicular to the earth, allowing it to receive full energy from the sun, but whether the temperature will be the highest depends on many factors such as rainfall, clouds, monsoon influences. Heat build-up in the atmosphere, etc., can also affect the temperature.  
May 9 Jupiter is the closest planet to Earth in a year that can be seen with the naked eye. |May 9, 2018 Jupiter is the closest to Earth in a year. Brilliant light Observe with the naked eye all areas of the country and watch the solar eclipse on Jupiter through the 4 main observation telescopes. Today (3 May 2018) Mr. Saran Posayachinda Director, National Astronomical Research Institute Jupiter will orbit opposite to the Sun, which will be the closest position to Earth in a year. At dawn on May 9, 2018, at approximately 07:10 (Thailand time), at a distance of approximately 658 million kilometers or 4.40 astronomical units, Jupiter will appear in the sky throughout the night. From sunset to dawn, bright and bright. Jupiter is in the opposite position of the Sun (Jupiter Opposition), meaning the position where the Sun, Earth and Jupiter are aligned in the same straight line. With the Earth in the middle, it is the closest position to the Earth. In addition, Jupiter is in the opposite position to the Sun. It means when the sun turns to the horizon. Jupiter will rise from the eastern horizon and will appear in the sky for a long time throughout the night until the sun rises the next morning, Dr. Saran added, adding that on May 9, 2018, Jupiter will rise from the southeastern horizon in the constellation Libra from around 7:00 p.m. (Thailand time). Jupiter can be clearly observed with the naked eye in all areas of Thailand and will return to the southwest horizon at around 06.00 a.m. on the morning of May 10, 2018.If observed with binoculars or small telescopes, Jupiter's four main satellite moons, also known as Galilean Moons, namely Io, Europa, Ganymead, and Callisto, as well as the cloud belt on Jupiter. The day also features a solar eclipse on Jupiter, with the moon Europa passing in front of Jupiter. A solar eclipse occurs on Jupiter between 18.20-20.36 hrs. Prepare to organize observation activities to set up telescopes for public service to attend "Jupiter's closest approach to Earth in a year" and "Solar Eclipse on Jupiter" on May 9, 2018 from approximately 18.00-22.00 hrs. Chiang Mai : Sirindhorn Astronomical Park Mae Rim, Chiang Mai - Nakhon Ratchasima : Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King 7 cycles of His Majesty the King Nakhon Ratchasima - Chachoengsao : Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King 7 cycles of His Majesty the King in Chachoengsao - Songkhla : Observatory of Nang Chok Samila Beach Jupiter is usually in its orbit opposite the Sun or closest to Earth annually. The last time on April 8, 2018, and the next on June 10, 2019, Jupiter's apparent size during its near-Earth orbit each year. There are not many differences, as Jupiter is quite far from Earth. Unlike Mars, which has a large and small appearance size varies from year to year (the average distance from Earth to Jupiter is 780 million kilometers. The average distance from Earth to Mars is 78 million kilometers), but telescopes look at Jupiter, the largest planet in the Solar System. There is a chance to see a large band of stormy clouds on Jupiter. The big red dot, the small red dot, as well as Jupiter's 4 satellite moons are exciting.  
"400 Startups" in the World Show on the Thai Stage May 17-20 |Ministry of Science prepares to receive 400 startups SHOW AT STARTUP THAILAND 2018 FROM 17-20 MAY Expected to attract startups Foreign investors invested more than 40 billion baht. Today (14 May 2018) Dr. Suvit Maesintree The Minister of Science and Technology (SCT) said that from the vision of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, THE PRIME MINISTER, WHO WANTS TO DEVELOP START-UP ENTERPRISES OR STARTUPS TO BECOME NEW ECONOMIC WARRIORS, ANNOUNCED THE POLICY ON APRIL 28, 2016, WITH A PERIOD OF 2 YEARS, THE MINISTRY OF SCIENCE HAS PUSHED MORE THAN 30 NEW STARTUPS AND YOUNG STARTUPS TO CREATE THE COUNTRY'S FIRST UNICORN. There are 1,500 startups with real potential and business operations, and 8,500 startups that have not yet been registered, as well as creating more than 15,000 new jobs. DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL INNOVATION AGENCY (PUBLIC ORGANIZATION) SAID THAT THE HIGHLIGHT OF STARTUP THAILAND 2018 FROM MAY 17-20 IS THE GATHERING OF THE TOP 5 STARTUPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. More than 400 startups will be showcased by more than 500 world-class speakers, including senior executives from people who are struggling and building companies, innovators and people who are ready to take action to change the world.  
Discover a "lake" beneath the ice surface on Mars|Italian scientists A lake beneath the ice surface on Mars could be a habitat for life today (July 26, 2018). Italian scientists have announced the first successful discovery of an ice lake on Mars. Italian radar aboard the European Space Agency's Mars Exploration Spacecraft. Data collected between May 2012 and December 2015 detected glare beneath the ice surface. Since there is no reflection of light from dry objects, the area where the liquid is found is triangular shaped. It was about 20 kilometers in diameter and was found about 1.5 kilometers below the ice surface, which scientists say is a large salt water lake, with conditions detected by radar similar to lakes beneath the Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets, according to scientists and former head of the Italian Space Agency. It said there was a possibility that the area contained life, but Italian radar systems are now There are no qualifications to detect living organisms.
Thai researchers prove "Van Gogh painting" with nuclear technique |Researchers used nuclear techniques, using UV light and X-rays, to prove oil paintings that could be the work of world-class artists. "Vincenz Van Gogh." It is currently awaiting official approval from the Van Gogh Museum. The image could reach 3 billion baht today (May 30, 2018). Thai researchers have used nuclear techniques to prove an oil painting with the hypothesis that it may be the work of Vincenz Van Gogh until finally being able to prove that it is a work that may have fallen to the world-class painter Ms. Haruhai Muangboonsri or Khun Ou, the owner of this tree painting. He said that while buying it was not known which artist it was a painting, but with a sharp brush stroke that was different, it was noted that it may be the work of Vincent Van Gogh.Khun Ou Haruthai said that he began his research with artistic techniques, searched the Art Project Website and traveled to France until he found the place where the painting originated and proved that the technique used to paint was consistent with what appeared in Van Gogh's letter, while the research was scientifically supported by the National Institute of Nuclear Technology and the Synchrotron Light Institute. No editing or overdrawing The color used is old. The 19th century, which is when Van Gogh created the work. The painting was supposed to be more vivid in color, but faded over time, and the elements in the painting were consistent with Van Gogh's other works throughout the 3 years of research using science, art and history. The world's greatest artists, exactly. It is currently awaiting official approval from the Van Gogh Museum in the Netherlands and is expected to be worth 3,000 million baht.  
Apple launches new "iPhone" |Apple Inc. has unveiled the new iPhone, the largest smartphone ever made and the largest on the market, which will test how much interest consumers will gain in the face of fierce competition in the smartphone market. Apple Inc. unveiled its newest iPhones, iPhone Xs and iPhone Xs Max, the largest screen sizes ever made and the largest on the market. Both models are dual-cameras with 12 megapixels. It comes in three capacities: 64GB, 256GB, and 512GB, with 30 minutes of 2-meter water resistance and dual SIM protection, as well as the iPhone XR model, which is similar to the iPhone XS, but at a lower price due to some downgraded specs. 6.1-inch screen, 1-meter water resistance for 30 minutes, 12MP single camera The iPhone Xs Max is priced at $499 USD, iPhone XS is priced at $299 USD, and the iPhone XR is priced at $749. 
K.Sci-Jisda Clarification of the tender for the transparent Theos 2 satellite system|The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Science and Technology together with the Director of Jisda clarified that the tender project for the Theos 2 satellite system is transparent. There is a Integrity Committee to inspect every process. Today (27 July 2018) Reporters reported that after Isara news agency published an observation article on the tender for the survey satellite system with terrestrial system and information region application system. For the Theos 2 Development Satellite Development Satellite Project regarding the change of procurement committee and claiming that the project owner agency did not pay attention to the notification report from the observers, the 6 observers resigned. Siltham, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Science, revealed that in the implementation of the project, all ministries and agencies will make use of satellites. The procurement process is conducted in good faith. The Comptroller's Integrity Committee attended the inspection of Mr. Anon Sanitwong Na Ayutthaya, director of the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Bureau or TOP, saying that the project is based on the principle of integrity and transparency in accordance with international principles, which the project has received support from all governments, not just Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's government, and there are no corporate officials or government officials involved in the bidding companies. The change of the procurement committee due to problems in the work resulted in the resignation of the chairman of the old committee. Therefore, a new team must be appointed to replace Mr. Anon, said that listening to the recommendations of the observers It is the right of the OA to accept or reject the report. If it proves that the project will benefit, but it is still hoped that the anti-corruption organization will set up an observation committee to work again for the project, Theos 2 has already signed an agreement. The Company was launched on June 15, 2018 in Thailand and conducted through the international procurement tender process. Starting from 10 January 2017 and the Company Airbus French & Spec is a contracting company, and the Theos 2 procurement method differs from the Theos 1 project, which uses a special procurement method signed. In 2004  
"NASA" Preparing to launch polar ice storage satellite|U.S. NASA The plan is to launch a satellite to collect polar ice data and sea level changes, which will help understand the impact of the phenomenon on Earth, scientists of the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) said. NASA's satellites are set to launch into orbit and will be equipped with a laser system that will measure and collect data on changes in ice sheets and their thickness. NASA estimates that the satellite launch program will allow scientists to assess changes in ice in the North and South Pole each year. This will also help to understand sea level rise and the impact of this phenomenon on the planet.
Canadian woman scientist wins Nobel Prize in physics in 55 years |The latest annual Nobel Prize in physics was announced by three co-laurees, one of whom is a Canadian woman, the first woman in 55 years to receive the prestigious award.
Donna Strickland, a Canadian woman scientist at the University of Waterloo, has been announced as the recipient of this year's Nobel Prize in Physics for her research and discoveries on laser technology. Strickland became the first woman in 55 years to receive the prestigious prize, succeeding Marie Curie, who won the Nobel Prize in physics in 1903, and Maria Goeppert-Mayer, who won the Nobel Prize in physics in 1963. Ashkin, an American scientist at Bell Laboratories and Gerard. French scientist Gerard Mourou Ashkin developed a laser technique called optical tweezer. Strickland and Muru developed a laser technique called "Chirped Pulse Amplification" or CPA, which is used in laser therapy for cancer treatment and laser eye surgery. 
See the Leonids meteor shower at midnight Nov. 17 to dawn Nov. 18.|"Leonids meteor shower - King of meteor showers" After midnight on Nov. 17, around 2 a.m. onwards, until dawn on Nov. 18, the peak rate averaged 10-15 suns per hour. See it with the naked eye all over Thailand today (13 November 2018) Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Services The Leonids meteor shower, or "Lion constellation meteor shower," is a meteor shower that occurs during the month. This year, it will be observed from just after midnight on Nov. 17 to dawn on Nov. 18 in the northeast. On that night, even though it is a moon night, the moon will return to the horizon at around 1:30 a.m. The average peak fall rate is 10-15 souls per hour. The Leonids meteor shower is considered the brightest meteor shower because it passes through the atmosphere at a speed of up to 71 kilometers per second. Those who are interested can wait to see the beauty of the Leonids meteor shower that night, Mr. Suparurk said that the place to see the meteor shower should be a dark place with no lights or away from the city. For recording meteor showers, The direction could not be determined. It takes guesswork and holding the camera open for a shooting star to pass in front of the camera. Interested parties can prepare themselves and equipment for this period. Leonids meteor shower Caused by a stream of comet 55P debris. The 55P Tempel-Tuttle, which remains in the orbit of the comet, cuts through Earth's orbit. This causes the dust fragments of those comets to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It burns until a flash of light like a fireball runs across the sky for the direction of the orbit of the Leonids meteor shower against the direction of the Earth's orbit around the Sun. As a result, the speed of incoming dust grains rubbing against the earth's atmosphere is quite high. It has a speed of up to 71 kilometers per second. The Leonids meteor shower is the brightest meteor shower, hence it has been called the "King of Meteor Showers".
The InSight spacecraft successfully landed on Mars.|The Mars rover, which departed Earth six months ago, successfully landed on the Martian surface in the early hours of the morning. Opening the first Mars geothermal exploration of the human planet, images of joy took place in NASA's rocket launch laboratory. The InSight probe successfully landed on the surface of Mars around 3 a.m. After the craft passed through the Martian atmosphere at supersonic speed for seven minutes, comparing the speed of landing more than a projectile moving through the air at high speed, the InSight spacecraft landed in a large plain called Elysium Planitia near the Martian equator and prepared to begin exploring deep into the Red Star's underworld. To find out to scientists what the outer surface to the inner star core consists of. This mission will make Mars the first planet other than the human world to be explored deep beneath the ground. After the InSight spacecraft left Earth last month, The total distance was 548 million kilometers.  
Venus is the brightest planet of the year.|Dr. Dr. reveals the last "brightest Venus" image of 2018 from Mae Rim sky, Chiang Mai province After this, the brightness decreases, but is visible at dawn until the month. July 2019Today (November 30, 2018), the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) (SRI), Ministry of Science and Technology, released the image. "Venus is the last brightest of the year." Recorded in the early morning of November 30, 2018 at Sirindhorn Astronomical Park. Mae Rim, Chiang Mai Venus appears bright in the east before sunrise. It is clearly visible to the naked eye. If observed through a telescope, Venus will appear as a moon-like crescent. During this period, there was Spica, the brightest star in the constellation Maiden. Appears close together above to the top right. Venus' "brightest" is when Venus is relatively large and orbits at a reasonable distance from Earth. This year, it will appear in such a way twice, the first time on September 25, 2018, appearing in the early evening hours, and this time on November 30, 2018, appearing at dawn. Venus' apparent brightness will decrease slightly, but it will remain visible in the sky at dawn and into the month. Jul2019 "Venus" is the second inner planet after Mercury, closer to the Sun than Earth. Venus cannot be seen as fully bright, but it appears as a crescent, showing the thin thickness of the crescent varying from position to location. Therefore, Venus can only be observed briefly before sunrise or after sunset. It never appears in the sky or late at night. If Venus is seen in the west in the early evening. Thai people often call it the "city star". If Venus is seen in the east in the early morning hours. Thai people often call it "Sparkling Star".
Happy Christmas Tree of the Universe Media loves astronomy.|The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) celebrates Christmas in the style of astronomy lovers with the "Christmas Tree of the Universe", one of the works from the Automated Telescope of the Royal Thai Astronomical Research Institute (NRRI). Australia Today (25 Dec 2018) The National Institute of Astronomical Research celebrates Christmas in the style of astronomy lovers with the "Christmas Tree of the Universe", an image of a large red Christmas tree formed by hydrogen gas in space, adorned with glittering blue balls from the light of emerging stars. NGC 2264 is the collective name for a large fluorescent nebula and an open star cluster located in the same area, which is a young and very bright star cluster located in the constellation Unicorn, about 2,600 light-years from Earth. Meanwhile, another variable star, a blue giant named V429 Monocerotis, is positioned at the top of a tree. It's called a cone-shaped nebula. The part of the cone-shaped nebula and the area surrounding the cluster is a large hydrogen gas cluster. Only the cone-shaped part is a lump of gas and dust in low-temperature space. These gases and dust absorb the glow of the stars, and the nebulae in the background make them appear darker than the conical structure, resembling the pillar of origin in the Eagle Nebulang (M16) in the constellation Snake. At the end, there is an open cluster consisting of a group of young but bright stars. Arranged in a form that resembles snow crystals. Sometimes called Snowflake Cluster, this image was recorded and processed by Mr. Trakuljit Chittasayapan and Mr. Keerati Khamkong. An automatic telescope with a diameter of 0.7 meters was installed at the Springbrook Observatory. Australia
NASA unveils Ultima Thuli, an object at the far end of the solar grid |NASA Reveals Clearer Photos of Altima Thuli The most distant floating objects in the Solar System Shaped like a snowman. It is about 30 kilometers in size, taken on January 1, 2019. The National Astronomical Research Institute Facebook Fan Page disseminates information on objects far from Earth called "Ultima Thule" by Mr. Thanakorn Angkwattana, Astronomical Information Officer, National Astronomical Research Institute (NRRI). On January 1, NASA unveils first images of Altima Thuli The farthest object in the Solar System that a spacecraft travels to explore. Taken by the New Horizons. While flying close to succeed by Altimathuli It is shaped like a pin bowl, about 32x16 kilometers in size, which revolves around itself along a red axis of rotation. Altima Thuli Officially named 2014, MU69 is an object belonging to the Kuiper Belt, first discovered by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2014, located about 6.61 billion kilometers from Earth. At present, the shape is not yet determined, but it is thought to be an elliptical object or it could be two objects orbiting each other. The New Horizons flew close to an object named "Ultima Thule" on January 1, 2019 at around 12:33 p.m. (Thailand time). It is about 44 times the distance from Earth to the Sun, making it the farthest object in the Solar System that a spacecraft has explored. It moves at speeds of up to 51,500 kilometers per hour. Closest to the target at a distance of 3,500 kilometers to capture high-resolution images, NASA researchers will rely on the most accurate space navigation system ever made. Because there is only one chance to collect data, Kuiper strips with a key piece of jigsaw puzzle of the birth of the solar system. In other words, the Kuiper belt is an area that is 30 to 50 times the distance from the Earth to the Sun (next to Neptune's orbit). Most of the rocks and ice from methane, ammonia, and water compounds are remnants of the early formation of the solar system. Studying objects in the Kuiper belt will be able to answer the question of how the solar system was formed, as NASA's Twitter account published the clip and image. There were a lot of interested people who came to see it, some of them saying that the body of Altima Thuli is similar to a snowman. Meet #UltimaThule! What you're seeing is the 1st contact binary ever explored by a spacecraft. This object, which we can now see is a contact binary, used to be 2 separate objects that are now bound together. Watch for more @NASANewHorizons science results https://t.co/ZuxLDtzW9c pic.twitter.com/uF9VfgN4Fh 
 Giant air purifier compared to 4.8 lakh trees absorbing pollution|Hong Kong to use giant air purifier innovation to reduce air pollution by up to 80% After experiencing dust problems that continuously exceed the standard. As a result, 400 people have died from respiratory illnesses and more than 190,000 have been sick. High-rise buildings rarely experience traffic problems or air pollution, but Hong Kong is another country that has experienced dust problems exceeding the standard for 150 days. Reduce air pollution by up to 80 percent, as in many countries, in addition to using technology to help remove particulate matter, it also plans traffic and controls other factors. Solve the problem of dust and smoke together with Large treatment systems Located in Hong Kong's Central Wan Chai Expressway Tunnel, this air purifier can reduce traffic pollution by up to 80 percent. For giant ventilators is a technology to solve dust problems. This is done in tandem with reducing other factors that cause air pollution, and is a continuation of the Central Wan Chai bypass that solves the problem of traffic jams in the north and central part of Hong Kong Island. To head east of the island. The expressway reduces travel time from 30 minutes to 5 minutes, meaning shortening travel time will reduce pollution. The project is expected to reduce carondioxide by 11,100 tonnes per year, equivalent to using 480,000 trees to absorb pollutants. Trains were used, along with planting large trees around the city, to control the quality of fuel. Set exhaust emission standards for all vehicles, announce carbon tax measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the industrial sector. This year, however, there is still a problem of haze drifting from Indonesia. Meanwhile, Japan is focusing on electric train transportation, reducing emissions, and many cities have imposed Type of vehicle to control NOX and PM discharge to the specified standard. Maninat Onpanna / Report  
Night of Magha Bucha Wait for the closest full moon to Earth in a year.|Dr. Chuan Chom The closest full moon to Earth in 2019, or "Super Full Moon", is 356,836 kilometers from Earth on the night of Makha Bucha on February 19 today (February 11, 2019). Head of Astronomy Academic Services National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization), Ministry of Science and Technology It states that the night of February 19 falls on Makha Bucha Day. The full moon will appear closest to Earth during the year, or Super Full Moon, at a distance of about 356,836 kilometers, compared to a normal full moon, 7% larger and 16% brighter, visible to the naked eye in the east. Inspiring Thai youth to study astronomy and science from this phenomenon as well. It is estimated that the moon orbits the Earth in an elliptical shape for about 1 month, so each month the closest position to the Earth is called Perigee with an average distance of about 356,400 kilometers and the farthest position is called Apogee with an average distance of about 406,700 kilometers. It only causes a slightly higher tide phenomenon than normal. There is no other impact on the planet. In addition, people on Earth can see a slightly larger full moon on the night it approaches Earth. It is a normal occurrence that can be explained scientifically. Dr. Held the closest observation of the full moon to Earth during the year. On February 19, from 18.00-22.00 hrs., people interested in seeing the big moon vividly with various telescopes and recording craters and mountains on the moon 4 places, namely: 1) Chiang Mai Observatory, Sirindhorn Astronomical Park Mae Rim, Chiang Mai 2) Chachoengsao Observatory 7th Anniversary Anniversary Chachoengsao 3) Nakhon Ratchasima Observatory 7th Anniversary Anniversary Observatory Nakhon Ratchasima 4) Songkhla Mermaid Observatory Samila Beach Songkhla  
The face of Thailand's 2nd IVF baby elephant|The Zoo Organization-KU-Kochaban Institute has successfully inseminated Thailand's second elephant and is one of the world's three surviving animals. Prepare to use artificial insemination research to further propagate white rhinos and saplings Endangered protected wildlife groups and protected wildlife groups today (24 Jan 2019) Mr. Suriya Sangpong, Deputy Director of Zoo Organization In His Majesty's Patronage, said that the Zoo Organization under His Majesty's Patronage By Center for Wildlife Reproduction Innovation Office of Conservation and Research Khao Kheow Open Zoo Faculty of Veterinary Sciences, Kasetsart University and National Kochaban Institute, Forest Industry Organization have successfully inseminated Thailand's second elephant with artificial insemination of female Asian elephant cubs. 1 rope caused by Phang Chim elephant fell on 8 October 2018 at 19.50 hrs. The gestation period is 21 months and 12 days, weighing 128 kilograms, strong for both mother and baby. The research project on factors affecting the reproductive cycle and the development of methods for freezing elephant semen for artificial insemination began in 2016 by collecting the semen of a male Asian elephant named Plai Billy who detected hormone levels. During 26-28 December 2016 and inseminated with a female Asian elephant named Phang Chim. From Khao Kheow Open Zoo where there is an ovulation period on that day and artificial insemination with frozen semen and semen. Refrigerated by using an endoscope 1.3 meters long inserted through the vagina and semen using a 50 ml syringe as an injection of semen into a special IVF tube inserted through the working channel of the endoscope to release the cervical opening. That led to the success that I am proud of this time. Mr. Suriya said that the research plan will accelerate the solution to the problem of wild elephants that are growing in number but smaller and in poor health due to excessive blood supply and will also expand on the group of endangered protected and protected wildlife such as the white rhino, which has been in zoos for more than 20 years but cannot have children naturally. Marbled cat, tiger, fish, fire tiger, cliff deer, so as not to learn the same lesson as Saman that has become extinct from Thailand. By using the research process to support the conservation and preservation of wildlife species in the country. Currently, Thailand has 4,719 ropes and 3,500-4,000 wild elephants. Instead, they face the problem of concentrated habitat and insufficient food supply. Importantly, there is a breeding problem until the elephant breed is too bloody. Therefore, wild elephants or incomplete domestic elephants were obtained. This makes IVF research an alternative to solving the problem of close blood species of wild animals. According to http://www.elephant.se, the birth of baby elephants by artificial insemination. It is not only the 2nd rope in Thailand, but also the 3rd rope in Asia. After information emerged that there was a female Asian elephant that became pregnant through artificial insemination. In Asian countries Only the People's Republic of China and Thailand. Only 1 rope per country.     
Know NCAPS cameras "Spies" catch loggers|Launched NCAP camera operation in conjunction with qualitative reconnaissance units. Thap Lan National Park can help catch before cutting dugong trees. In the Thap Lan forest area, it works.  The number of illegal cases has more than halved from an average of 10 cases per month, with 12 Cambodians arrested for logging Today (18 Feb 2019) Mr. History Chanthep The head of Thap Lan National Park said yesterday (Feb 17) Qualitative patrol officers together with soldiers captured 17 Cambodian suspects in Thap Lan National Park forest. The suspect confessed to fleeing to Thailand through a natural channel along the boundary in Chanthaburi province and had a broker bring him to Thap Lan National Park with a Thai person to lead the way to cut down the dugong trees, but he met with the authorities first. In February 2019, there were 5 cases, and most of them were caught in the forest reserve area where in addition to NCAP cameras came to help. There are also intensive work factors, including qualitative reconnaissance. Command Support Military personnel came to help in Nakhon Ratchasima province, but did not believe the problem would be solved because the wood is still expensive and the cutters are waiting for the moment, so the authorities are not careless, especially in deep forest areas. A route where people usually come to cut down wood to hunt. It was found that the percentage of catches before cutting and catching after cutting exceeded half of the number of cases caught in 3 years, resulting from 60 percent of the NCAP camera system and the efficiency of the NCAP camera. He now serves as a surveillance assistant for loggers, but also monitors poachers setting fire to forests, monitors wild elephants, and monitors the behavior of wild animals in the tunnel connecting Thap Lan forest. On 27 Jan 2018 Reporters reported that the task force of Thap Lan National Park, Nakhon Ratchasima province, together with the military and the government. Khon Buri Seized 252 sheets of dugongs, 3 cars and 9 chainsaws arrested more than 90 suspects for NCAPS cameras on the Public Relations Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Species Facebook page. Identify what? Why? NCAPS is the use of "NCAP camera system" technology by installing hidden cameras at various risk points in national parks, each of which relies on a qualitative reconnaissance threat database. Imagery, also known as "pre-cut capture measures" from camera interception technology for precision information, there are many other technologies that are being studied and developed to be in line with the system's qualitative reconnaissance work, such as the use of drones. Small aircraft expanding qualitative reconnaissance for marine conservation Application development with Android smartphones The field WiFi data transmission via satellite into the facility is one example of these technological development efforts. It is used to make qualitative reconnaissance work more efficient. It's not just technological developments. The development of personnel throughout the system is equally necessary. It is part of the whole process of qualitative patrol system to be effective and keep up with the ever-changing timesRead related newsCollect dugong logging gangs - hunt animals in the middle of Buntharik forest to catch the group of dugong loggers in the park Thap Lan has 95 people. 
Facebook-Instagram still doesn't work|Social Media Users Report problems accessing Facebook and Instagram Unable to log in. You can comment, comment, or post text and photos. Facebook recently tweeted that it is aware of the problem and will take action to resolve it as soon as possible from yesterday evening (March 13, 2019). Facebook (Facebook), the world's largest social network, tweeted on Twitter explaining that Facebook around the world is having trouble using Facebook users and other platforms including Instagram Messenger and WhatsApp. The outage began yesterday afternoon and appears to be affecting people in many areas, including the United States. Central America Facebook tweeted at 12:49 a.m. stating that We're aware that some people are currently having trouble accessing the Facebook family of apps. We're working to resolve the issue as soon as possible. Despite earlier online rumors that Facebook's downtime was the result of a cyberattack hoping to destroy its main website through hackers' control, Facebook has clarified this by tweeting that after a series of shutdowns between Facebook and Instagram since midnight, the company has been struggling to recover from its operations since midnight. As a result, #ไอจีล่ม soared to the No. 1 Twitter trend, while #เฟซบุ๊กล่ม Ranking as the fourth Twitter trend, Facebook users tweeted reports of problems with Twitter logins, comments, and posting messages and photos as of yesterday. LONDON (Reuters) - Users from all over the world have reported problems accessing Google's services, including Gmail, Google Drive and Google Maps, after the system crashed at 9 a.m. Read related newsGmail - Google Drive - Google Maps Global crashes 
Beginning! Thailand sends experimental malaria protein crystals aboard Japan space station |Jisda and Biotech send malaria protein crystals to Japan's space station for the first time in Thailand It is expected to be delivered in July. Yesterday (February 20, 2019), the Ministry of Science and Technology, by the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or Jisda, together with the National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (Biotech), handed over the protein to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) in Tsukuba, Japan for quality inspection and preparation for sending it to the International Space Station (ISS) under Jisda's National Space Exploration (NSE) research project to obtain more complete protein crystals on Earth to develop more effective antimalarial drugs. Head of Space Science and Space Experiments Research Program The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) said that the research that was supported and selected for this space experiment was the 2018 research titled "Analysis of protein crystallization in space for the development of antimalarial drugs from Biotech researchers led by Dr. Abdullah Uthaipiboon This work will be crystallized in weightless conditions aboard the International Space Station. Using experimental equipment inside JAXA's KIBO module, which is considered to be the world's first attempt to crystallize proteins to treat malaria, the experiments will be used to learn the results, develop and improve them to be more widely utilized. For scientific experiments in space, the KIBO space module is mounted on the ISS. Aquaculture Equipment This is to support the experimentation of new things that will happen. The protein shipment will be delivered on SpaceX rockets as soon as July 2019, docked at the ISS and immediately delivered to JAXA's Kibo Module Space Laboratory. This weightless protein crystallization experiment is expected to yield more complete crystals than Earth experiments and allow researchers to know more clearly about protein crystal structure. This will lead to the development of new, more quality antimalarial drugs than are currently available. Dr. Chairat Uthaipiboon The senior researcher, acting director of Biotech's research unit, said the experiment wanted to grow DHFR-TS protein crystals found in Plasmodium falciparum, which causes malaria, to be crystallized in weightless conditions aboard the International Space Station. To analyze the structure of complete crystals by planting crystals in this space station, crystals that look different from growing crystals on Earth. Because of the lack of gravity, crystals grown in space tend to be larger, richer, and can be developed into more effective antimalarial drugs.    
Security guard shows research results to expand "local wisdom"|Rajabhat Universities Nationwide The research invented in King Rama 10 was exhibited at the National Research Expo 2019, focusing on local wisdom. Increase community income, the National Research Council of Thailand (NRCT) and its nationwide network. Students, students and the public Attend the National Research Expo 2019 until April 10 at Centara Grand Hotel and Bangkok Convention Centre Bangkok, where more than 100 topics in 5 research groups and hundreds of research exhibitions will be held. In addition, Rajabhat universities across the country Presented research results by inventing in King Rama 10 "Research continues from father (King Rama IX), the father of Thai research" under the patronage of His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Din Thepyavarangkul. To Rajabhat University to be a refuge for the local community. This reflects the Rajabhat people's awareness of their mission to the local community. Especially local development to improve the quality of life. To enhance the quality of life to be stable and sustainable. 
"Pink Moon" is not a pink moon.|National Astronomical Research Institute "Pink Moon" is not a pink moon, but just a Native American naming of the full moon each month to represent today's season (April 20, 2013). National Astronomical Research Institute Facebook Page Explaining the case of the pink moon news by stating that today many people may hear the news of "Pink Moon", making it possible to understand that they will see "the moon is pink". It's actually the naming of the full moon. Each month of the Native American tribes to represent the seasons that will visit in that month of the month. April is the time when the fields are filled with the pink of the floxes, which is the reason for the naming of this month's full moon, which is very sweet with the pink of the floxes. If you want to see the pink moon, take a look at the horizon during the faint dust and smoke sky. #อย่าลืมใส่หน้ากากอนามัยกันฝุ่นด้วยเน้อ #PinkMoonโดยได้นําภาพ Moon over Songkhla sky April 19 published At the same time, there are many people who bring photos of the moon from various places to show. Full moon each month January Wolf Moon in February Snow MoonMarch Worm MoonApril Pink Moon in May Flower MoonJune Strawberry MoonJuly Buck Moon August Sturgeon MoonSeptember Rice Moon or Havest Moon in October Hunter's Moon in November Beaver MoonDecember Cold Moon 
"NASA" An earthquake is expected on Mars.|U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Tremors believed to be earthquakes have been detected on Mars today (April 24, 2019). U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Tremors believed to be earthquakes have been detected on Mars by the Mars probe "InSight". The seismic seismic on Mars, or "Marsquake," was detected for the first time to record seismic tremors that occurred on other planets. In order to determine exactly what caused the tremors detected by the craft, the tremors appear to have come from within Mars rather than from forces acting on the star's surface, such as wind currents. Read related news InSight landed successfully on Mars. 
Danger! Magic cards found radioactive material.|Scientists have warned that energy cards or "magic cards" contain radioactive substances, dangers, heavy metals, and urge people to stop dipping in water to eat them. To report the results to the villagers to know the facts. Today (13 June 2019) Case Progress Assoc. Prof. Dr. Virachai Puttawong Professor, Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Kasetsart University, inspected the electricity measurement of energy cards or magic cards at villagers in Khon Kaen province. Indicates that the disease can be treated.  Recently, Master Weerachai Phutdhawong posted on Facebook with a clip explaining the results of the magic card inspection: Dear brothers and sisters who used that red energy magic card, which belonged to a Malaysian company. Imported from Indonesia, Master Od got this document from the entrepreneur who gave it away. If this document is true, the card contains radioactive material. People dipped boiled water, dipped in drinking water, it is strictly forbidden to eat it. Brothers and sisters on social networks share it to warn me. It was a big surprise because the entrepreneur showed the document in the middle of the show and he couldn't know what it was because it was a chemical language. In that document, the energy card was tested for the presence of radioactive material. He explained that two test reports from the Malaysian Academy of Sciences and the Atomic Energy Agency for Peace had been read. Indicates that the card contains heavy metals, including mercury. After the afternoon published 2 clips, 1.30 minutes long and 1.35 minutes long. Measure resistance, measure conductivity, see that the strong current is going through the envelope, it doesn't show up at something. I'll send it to the radioactivity center for radioactive testing. After that, I'll do a little nightfall. Read related news, order scan "magic card" to deceive the cure, prepare to dissect to prove "energy card", claim healing properties.    
Key question allocating 700 MHz spectrum|NBTC Consumer Protection and Promotion of Rights and Freedoms Questioning the allocation of 700 MHz spectrum to move forward with 5G, pointing out that Section 44 may not cover all the rules. By allocating 700 MHz of spectrum to mobile phone companies with conditions to pay 900 MHz spectrum without interest at all, it may seem smooth because it exercises its powers under Section 44, but the NCPO order requires the NBTC to issue various rules quite a bit, causing legal questions on many issues. An interesting question raised includes: 1. "Does the application of Section 44 actually make all parties liable under the law?" While an order under Section 44 is protected by law, the rules issued under the order may not be automatically protected. In the event that the criteria are issued at an unfavorable discretion, there must be legal liability. But it does not mean that if the decision is unlawful or damages the State, Section 44 can be cited as a complete shield.2. "Any mobile camp has the right to apply for the allocation of 700 MHz for installment payment of 900 MHz." In the NCPO order, According to Clause 5 of the order, the winner of the 900 MHz auction must pay according to the original bidding conditions, but if the payment cannot be made, the NBTC must be notified. According to Clause 6, in the case of mobile phone companies that do not have a turnover problem and still have large dividends, it is not the case under Clause 6. Government officials who consider making installment payments without meeting the conditions of the order are also liable under the law.  Because the order clearly states that the wave bill shall be paid as before, unless it cannot be paid, it has the right to request a waiver.3. "Will private individuals who intend to exercise their rights both without the conditions of the law and cause the benefit of the state, will the executives be guilty of an offence under the Securities and Exchange Act?" Duties and responsibilities of directors and executives of publicly listed companies are stipulated in the Securities and Exchange Act. In case of negligence, carelessness, or dishonesty and not in accordance with the law by causing damage to the state, will it be an offense and punishable in any way, and will it affect the image of good governance of listed companies, as well as whether it will affect the operation of the stock exchange and investors? 4. "What digital TV channels are affected by the 700 MHz recall pursuant to Article 12 (1) of the Directive?" The precondition is that digital TV channels that will be exempt from paying the last installment of the spectrum and are also supported by the rental of the television network must be the channels affected by the recall of the 700 MHz spectrum, which are classified into 2 sub-businesses, namely channels and television network operators. In the event that it is not affected, it is not entitled under Article 12, or is it not possible to try to assume that all channels are affected without proving it? It may be a discretionary exercise that damages the state because of the preparation of the 510-790 MHz band to support digital TV channels in the past. Office of the NBTC Indicates that the goal is to support up to 48 channels. To squeeze the wave down to 90 MHz, the main digital TV channels that are currently available can still be provided with the same rights. People just need to tune their television sets to be able to watch normally. In addition to these important questions, there are also observations about the pricing of 700 MHz spectrum, which has appeared in various media that the NBTC will allocate 700 MHz spectrum divided into 3 sets of 2x15 MHz each at a price of about 25,000 million baht each, with 10-year installments without interest and a 15-year license period, which securities analysts estimate is equal to the current value of only 15 billion baht and there is no 700 MHz left to allocate to others. When calculating the wave price of 25,000 million baht, it is equal to the wave price per megahertz per population of only 12 baht, but if calculated at the current value of 15,000 million baht, it will be only 7 baht, while the winning bid price of 700 MHz per megahertz per population in Italy is 20 baht, in Australia it is 25-55 baht, and in Sweden it is about 16 baht. Why does Thailand allow a monopoly on the market with incredibly low wave prices? The advantage of market monopoly will generate huge returns for the private sector. The wave payments paid to the state each year would be less than dividends for shareholders. Therefore, it is not surprising that the Office of the NBTC It is confident that the three major mobile companies will apply for the allocation of 700 MHz spectrum this time to avoid monopoly problems. We may allocate 2x10 MHz of spectrum to 2x10 MHz each, leaving 2x15 MHz of spectrum to allow new operators and to adjust the price per megahertz per capita to be similar to the international price. The state will still receive the same amount of money from the wave allocation in this round. There is still a wave left to allocate at the next opportunity. All three operators still have 900 MHz. Overall, it is still sufficient to provide services in addition to providing long-term installments in wave costs, thus reducing the price of waves according to their current value. The benefits that the state will receive will be reduced according to the principle of wave allocation. The wave bill must be made into a sinking cost, i.e. a one-time or minimal-pay. Extending the installment period will turn wave bills into operating costs, which affects consumers more severely than sinking costs. But to confirm the appropriation based on the news by claiming power under Section 44 would not be different from using Section 44 in the best interest of the private sector or not in the legal question. If no one answers, it will be a time bomb for the future. Once the offense is successful, it will last for many more years. The State Audit and Protection Agency can raise the matter for prosecution at any time within the statute of limitations. They may be waiting for the time of the transition of power to a regime where checks and balances function normally. Not be crushed by special powers. Special Article from Dr. Pravit Lisathapornwongsagatc on Consumer Protection and Promotion of Rights and Freedoms
Donald Trump announces the embroidery of the U.S. flag on Mars|U.S. President Donald Trump has announced that the U.S. flag will be embroidered on Mars, and NASA's first astronaut deployment to Mars will be scheduled for later this year. 2030 during a speech on the occasion of U.S. National Day, July 4, at the Lincoln Memorial. Washington, D.C. President Donald Trump Trump announced the success of the United States sending humans to the moon in 1969 and embroidered the U.S. flag on Mars and praised the United States as "nothing is impossible for Americans." Trump's emphasis on awakening nationalism to send humans back to explore the moon and Mars became one of Donald Trump's missions. Trump wants to accomplish that, dating back to the last Apollo 17 mission that sent humans to the moon for more than 47 years, the United States has never sent a human back to the moon. Earlier, the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced plans to send humans back to the moon. The return to the moon is not only for temporary exploration but will also build a surface exploration station at the moon's south pole, as well as the Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway. The first astronaut to the moon is expected to take place in 2024.The program to send astronauts to Mars is more difficult and challenging than the lunar exploration program, as the distance between Earth and Mars is many times farther than that of the moon. The distance between Earth and the Moon is about 384,400 kilometers, but the distance between Earth and Mars is about 54.6 million kilometers closer and the most distant range is about 401 million kilometers. The trip to Mars can take up to 6-7 months. It is still in the process of researching and developing various technologies, including spacecraft, spacesuits, as well as living systems for astronauts who have to travel for months in space. NASA's schedule to send its first astronauts to Mars is sometime after 2030, and NASA is also researching and developing spacecraft technology that can send humans to Mars, as well as establishing a human colony on Mars, which is currently in the research and development phase.
June 21 Long day and night is the shortest in the year.|Dr. S. June 21 is the longest summer solstice of the year, with the sun rising most in the northeast and setting in the northwest, marking the country's turn of summer in the northern hemisphere today (June 20, 2019). Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Services June 21 is the "Summer Solstice". The word "Solstice" is Indo-European Stice meaning static or stopping, so Summer Solstice refers to the day when the Sun reaches its stop, or northern extremity. Change the position by about 1 degree a day since the month. The sun moves northwardly and stops at its northernmost point on June 21, then gradually moves south, causing it to rise from the horizon in the northeast as much as possible and return to the horizon in the west as far north as possible. It marks the start of summer in the northern hemisphere and the winter season in the southern hemisphere. For Thailand, the sun rises at around 5:51 a.m. and returns to the horizon at around 6:47 p.m., totaling the time when the sun appears in the sky. 12 hours 56 minutes (Bangkok time) 1. Vernal Equinox In 2019, March 21 is exactly the day when the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. As a result, the time of day is exactly the same as night. It's the day when the northern hemisphere enters spring. The Southern Hemisphere enters autumn.2. Summer Solstice In 2019, June 21 is the date The sun rises most in the east to the north and sets most in the west. As a result, daylight hours are the longest of the year. For countries in the northern hemisphere It's the turn of summer. In countries in the southern hemisphere, daylight hours are the shortest in the year. 3. Autumnal Equinox In 2019, September 23 is exactly the day when the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. As a result, the time of day is exactly the same as night. It's the day when the northern hemisphere enters autumn. The Southern Hemisphere enters spring.4. Winter Solstice In 2019, December 22 is the day when the sun rises most southeast and sets most southwest. As a result, the shortest daylight and longest night of the year, or what Thais call "Tawan Om Khao" for countries in the northern hemisphere. It's the turn of winter. In the southern hemisphere, daylight hours are the longest of the year, marking the start of summer. 
Twitter overhauls Twitter.com website, mimicking mobile app|Twitter has unveiled an overhaul of the Twitter.com website to resemble the mobile version of Twitter, this update to build a closer relationship with users and to manage Twitter.com malicious abuse. New, faster, easier, and more personalized, Twitter.com Look and Feel is closer to aligning with the app. Twitter on many devices has added features to its website, such as the 'Explore' feature to provide live video and the 'Moments' feature to allow users to express their stories, feelings, emotions, and experiences. In addition, a "dark mode" theme and other color scheme options have been added, allowing users to customize the look of the theme according to their individual preferences. He said the revamp was a big step for the company to make Twitter the best service for users who use Twitter every day. Twitter is still lagging behind social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram in terms of the number of active users, with the company saying it will stop counting its "monthly active users," which is around 330 million, but instead focus on monetizing its daily active users, which had about 134 million daily active users in the latest quarter. 
NASA Reveals Spectacular Images of Jupiter|The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) released images of Jupiter from the Hubble Space Telescope recorded on June 27, 2019. It shows the beauty of the star's iconic Great Red Spot, and the atmosphere turbulence has increased compared to previous years. This change is important information in studying Jupiter's atmosphere. The colorful patterns of Jupiter's cloud bands change with the density and height of ammonia ice clouds in the atmosphere. Low-density clouds rise high, appearing as light cloud bands. The most prominent cyclone on Jupiter is the "Great Red Spot", rotating in a counterclockwise direction, appearing between two bands of clouds with opposite directions. Red Cloud Band (East of Big Red Spot) It has a direction moving west. White cloud band (west of the Great Red Spot) It has a direction moving east. Another interesting feature is Jupiter's equatorial storm belt. A bright orange wide stripe indicates that the low cloud is decaying. Data collection of planetary data in the outer solar system with the Hubble Space Telescope is part of the project. The "Outer Planets Atmospheres Legacy program" or "OPAL" to take high-resolution images and mapping allows astronomers to study annual changes in cloud bands. Wind currents and storms in the atmosphere of gas giant planets in the Solar System. Info: National Astronomical Research Institute fan pageCredit: Hubble Space Telescope (OPAL), NASA, STScI and Amy Simon.
Send "protein crystals" from space back to Earth to develop antimalarial drugs|Jisda After sending the protein to the ISS on July 26, the space protein crystals have been returned to Earth to be used to develop more effective antimalarial drugs. Yesterday (September 8, 2019), the GISTDA Facebook page, the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) published a message. According to the Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation (GIST) by the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or Jisda. After sending the protein to the ISS for a crystallization experiment on July 26, the company wanted protein crystals with a clearer form and structure than crystallization on Earth. To use the space protein crystals acquired to develop antimalarial drugs to be more effective. The experiment is a collaboration between Jisda and the National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (Biotech) from NSTDA, and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). The capsule, which contains proteins in space experiments, ejected from the International Space Station (ISS) and returned to Earth. Earlier this month, a total of more than 30 days in space for the experiment, the return method is how the International Space Station unlocks the Dragon Capsule, which looks like a cup and contains the contents of the experiment. Calculate position velocity and friction with the Earth's atmosphere; Burning until the speed slows down. The whole process is precisely calculated, since we know how long it takes to launch from the International Space Station. The location, mass, size and material used, as well as the height at which it was released, were important variables that allowed us to know if the capsule would fall in the Long Beach area. On the coast of Southern California in the United States, about 300 miles from the coast after the fall, NASA took the boat out for towing. JAXA has been stored in an incubator for storing solutions at specific temperatures in preparation for being irradiated with high-power synchronous machines. This machine is located in Hyogo City. JAXA facilitates all X-ray radiation to Jisda free of charge. It is hoped that the protein crystallization in space will be the most successful in order to help humanity, and the high-energy synchronousron is currently in the process of preparing to be able to conduct radiation by October. The preparation process is about 8 hours after leaving the incubator before entering the light projector. At a really light shooting range of 5-6 minutes, you will see the whole structure of proteins that will be totally different than on Earth, and allow us to develop a good antimalarial drug. As for how the findings will be released, Jisda will announce them later in October. This project is not just focused on research in space. However, we want to raise the level of Thai researchers to be more interested in space and have more talent. Especially young people who are interested in space science education, feel that space is imminent. This space research is not costly, but it will have the benefit of saving hundreds of thousands of lives around the world from malaria. If compared to the value, it is billions of baht. For those who are interested in this field, research that is useful to the broad picture must be taken into account. It can be created as an innovation or made into a product that can be used useful and worth the budget spent on sending research to space.  
"Chandrayaan-2" Lost contact before landing on the moon.|Wait for the Win! Indian Space Research Organization's Chandrayaan-2 mission Lost contact before landing at the south pole of the moon. At dawn. Today (Sept. 7) The Indian Space Research Organization's Chandrayaan-2 mission has been underway for 47 days since July 22 before entering lunar orbit on Aug. 20. Today (Sept. 7, 2019) According to the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), it has lost contact with the Chandra-2 spacecraft. It was only 2.1 km from the lunar surface and was the last 15 minutes before landing on the moon, and it was inconclusive whether the mission had failed. This is according to the Indian Space Research Organization. It said Chandrayan-2i will land between 03.00-04.00 at the south pole of the moon.  #VikramLander descent was as planned and normal performance was observed up to an altitude of 2.1 km. Subsequently, communication from Lander to the ground stations was lost. Data is being analyzed.#ISRO for the Chandrayaan-2 mission Built by the Indian Space Research Organisation Exported off outer space on July 22, the interior consisted of a Vikram vehicle loaded with a small survey vehicle called Pragyan to land at the crater. At the south pole of the moon, which, if the landing goes smoothly, India will be the fourth country after Russia, the United States and China to successfully land a spacecraft on the lunar surface, and the area will be the southernmost point of the moon the spacecraft has reached. "Chandrayaan-2" to land on the moon, India announces postponement of rocket launch to send "Chandrayaan-2" to the moon Watch Live : Landing of Chandrayaan2 on Lunar Surface https://t.co/zooxv9IBe2  
"n-Breeze" PM 2.5 nanotech filter|Nanotech researchers developed a "special nano-filter" or n-Breeze using electrospinning technique to create a special property of porous nanofibers to trap particulate matter particles in the air from 0.3 - 2.5 microns. (Oct. 2019) Due to the problem of particulate matter in many areas in Bangkok and its vicinity that exceeds the standard until it affects public health. Both respiratory diseases. Inevitably, diseases of the cardiovascular system and other chronic diseases. Recently, the National Nanotechnology Center (Nanotech), National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) has published data on nanofiber filters. Dr. Woral Intasanta Research Director, Nano Composites and Coatings Research Group The Nano Composites and Coatings Research Group and the Nanotech Research Group developed fibers and textile molding technology into filters from special properties nanofibers by using a technique called electrospinning, resulting in a large number of small porous fibers. It has the ability to trap particulate matter in the air between 0.3-2.5 microns in size. Another option of applying modern textile technology to existing products on the market. In particular, the n-Breeze Anti PM 2.5 nano filter makes ordinary mask products still lightweight. It can also filter small particles in the air, reducing the risk of spreading into the respiratory system. In addition, such forming technology It can also be applied to other industries such as air purifiers, both at the household level, the automotive industry, or even medical facilities. From the development to a multifunctional format to add other features such as water reflection. It is lightweight, durable, and tested according to standards such as EN 149, so it can be applied in many industries. Read related news PM 2.5 dust begins to affect health 22 areas "Bangkok-metropolitan area"   
Innovation "Grilled Pork Sticky Rice" Sterilized to Help Ubon People|Thai PBS Online interviews Dr. Knight Amrasin Lecturer, Department of Food Technology and Nutraceuticals Faculty of Technology, MMS after social appreciation and forwarding Pack "Grilled Pork Sticky Rice" sterilized outside the refrigerator for 2 years without spoilage to help flood victims. Ubon Ratchathani Today (14 September 2019) Dr. Knight Amrasin Lecturer, Department of Food Technology and Nutraceuticals Faculty of Technology, Mahasarakham University He told Thai PBS that he had heard about flooding in many northeastern provinces, especially in Ubon Ratchathani province, so he thought he wanted to help the locals according to their abilities until he wanted to produce "Grilled Pork Sticky Rice" sterilized without spoilage in the project "Little Lunch Box for Mom" inspired by local tales. Yasothon "Little Rice Gong Kills Mom" with sticky rice packed tightly in a small lunch box until it looks like there are few and then you kill your mother because of hunger. The "grilled pork sticky rice" produced has a small package, easy to transport, but packed with 120 grams of glutinous rice and 50 grams of roast pork, which will surely help flood victims for the production process. Most of the volunteers are students in the department who are in the exam preparation period, but everyone is willing to help produce and pass on to flood victims. Meanwhile, other raw materials entrepreneurs know that they will bring to help the people of Ubon who are in trouble. Many shops have donated ingredients and reduced prices on their products once they have received the extinguishing materials and volunteers. Glutinous rice must be steamed and marinated before being grilled and packaged well, then sealed and sterilized sterilized, which takes a long time due to the compression of glutinous rice causing slow heat transmission. It takes more than 1 hour after the entire process has been completed. "Grilled pork sticky rice" will not spoil and can be stored outside the refrigerator for 2 years, suitable for heavy flooded areas where fresh food is transported. Other dry foods are inconvenient, with the victim being able to eat them without reheating. However, sticky rice may be harder than usual because of the nature of glutinous rice. If you want the original taste, it can be boiled for 3-5 minutes and heated in the microwave for 1-2 minutes without taking it out of the bag. On the side of the bag, there is a sticker clearly explaining the ingredients and how to consume them. In all these processes, experiments are carried out to process the steps and formulations before production. By Dr. Knight  Stated that in order to produce sterice like this, it is necessary to be an expert, and a food processing expert in thermal processing, so he has expertise in experiments. Disinfection is an important step that must be met according to the criteria prescribed by law. The lunch box for this mother has followed all the guidelines because Dr. Knight is licensed to be able to control thermal sterilization equipment. Dr. Knight aims to produce 10,000 sets of lunch boxes for his mother, but due to lack of volunteers to help pack sticky rice and roast pork into the packaging. Preliminary production will be accelerated to 2,000. To deliver the victims in the area first by those in the vicinity. Mahasarakham University or located in Mahasarakham province can help pack rice at the Department of Food Technology and Nutrition. Faculty of Technology Today and Tomorrow (14-15 Sep)  As for the remaining donations from the purchase of raw materials, Dr. Knight purchased medicines and medical supplies. More to donate to victims in Ubon Ratchathani province during September 15 - 16. 
Twitter crashes for hours Submit #saveTwitterTH Trending|Tweet doesn't go DMs not sent Twitterers have been using the hashtag #saveTwitterTH to report their problems using Twitter since the morning. As a result, the hashtag soared to No. 1 on Thai Twitter Trends, while TwitterSupport admitted that there was a real crash. Corrective action is now accelerated today (October 2, 2019) hashtag #saveTwitterTH Soar to Thailand's No.1 Twitter Trend After the social media tweeted a report of problems with Twitter usage since the morning. By experiencing the problem of not being able to tweet images. The @TwitterSupport Twitter account clarified that Twitter and TweetDeck are currently experiencing outages. We've been experiencing outages across Twitter and TweetDeck. You might have had trouble Tweeting, getting notifications, or viewing DMs. We're currently working on a fix, and should be back to normal soon. 
KMITL develops AI to enter the market selling grilled pork |KMITL launches 3 innovative prototypes to help modern street food Build robots selling grilled pork, high-society fruit carts, and smoke filter pork carts. KMITL also helped the world-class tourism business yesterday (October 2, 2019) from the discussion "KMITL Elevates Thai Street Food Supports the tourism industry World Class" Prof. Dr. Suchatvee Suwansawat President of King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL) said KMITL is now preparing to upgrade Thai street food to support the world-class tourism industry for the first time. The aim is to accelerate the food safety standards of Bangkok's street food business to meet food safety standards through the launch of courses to empower entrepreneurs. Cooking principles, benefits, recipe development Packaging To build confidence for both Thai and foreign tourists to have confidence in cleanliness and safety that remains unique in taste, national deliciousness. The campaign reinforces the strengths of the institution that is the foundation of innovation in the country, aiming to develop technology and innovation to enhance society in various dimensions, as well as pave the way for Thailand to become a smart city society in the future. KMITL unveiled 3 innovative prototypes for the new street food line by Associate Professor Anupong Songprapa. Medical and Environmental Devices Research Laboratory Department of Applied Physics Faculty of Science, including robots selling grilled pork, high-society fruit carts and grilled pork carts, smoke filters for "Roast pork sales robots to increase merchants' time and reduce the risk of serving burnt pork". To facilitate traders to have more time to prepare in other parts. The high-society fruit cart is clean and safe with a high-gene system" with a fruit cooling system and a water and wastewater filtration system that helps build confidence for consumers that they will receive fresh and clean fruits for sure. There is a standard cooling channel that helps maintain the freshness of the fruit, and the fruit is washed with water that has passed through the filter system before and after use, so that traders can dump it without affecting the environment. In the future, the company is preparing to develop further into the noodle food business model, while the "Grilled Pork Cart with Clear Smoke Filter with High-Tech Smoke Treatment System" comes with a grill, air filter, water filtration system. In addition to receiving safe roast pork and a seller's hands that look completely clean, there is also a smoke treatment system caused by grilling to lighten as well as a wastewater screening system that can separate bile and fat. In the future, the company is preparing to adopt technology to increase the function of ordering products and tell consumers the nutrition that they will receive.   
Jisda warns of China for space activities on November 26 |Jisda China warns of Longmarch 4C rocket Earth observation satellite launch from Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center In northern China on Nov. 26, there may be an impact on flight routes and parts falling in Laos, but if you encounter objects or parts, do not touch them today. (November 2019) The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) has informed that it has received information from the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand and Aeronautical Radio of Thailand Co., Ltd. that the Aerospace Technology Cooperation Organization of the People's Republic of China (CASC) has alerted that it will launch a Longmarch 4C rocket from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center in northern China on November 26 at around 7:00 a.m. local time. The rocket's path will pass through areas near the country. The affected areas are expected to be in the Lao People's Democratic Republic. Thailand is at very low risk of impact. However, if you see objects or debris that are expected to come from rocket launches during these days and times, you will not be able to do so. Please note that do not touch or touch it immediately and immediately notify the police or the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation or the security guard. in your area urgently. If there is any progress, Jisda will notify you immediately. 
Global 5G customers forecast to hit 2.6 billion Year 2025|The world's largest telecom company The world's largest telecom company Ericsson predicts that by 2025, 5G networks will cover nearly half of the world's mobile traffic and around 2.6 billion customers will subscribe to 5G services. By then, the amount of data running on this network would be about 45% of all mobile data on Earth. This is a leap from two years ago when 5G users were projected to reach 1 billion by 2023. Earlier this year, another research firm, IHS Markit, also predicted 1 billion 5G users by 2023. Now available in select areas in the US, powered by Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile, it is estimated that there will be around 13 million 5G users. By the end of the year, most of them are users in China. However, it is expected that by 2025 there will be 7.2 GB of mobile data per device. Leapfrogging to 24 GB by 2025 Predict there will be mobile users on the 5G network----------------------------"Know-how Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with #ThaiPBSSciAndTechที่เพจ Thai PBS Sci & Tech
"Farm Care", a help to find and access quality pharmacies|"PHARMCARE" helps to find and access "quality pharmacies" with pharmacists to give advice in order to receive good services without paying extra. "PHARMCARE" platform Farm Care Smart assistants to ensure that people have access to good health services Find and access quality pharmacies There are knowledgeable pharmacists ready to give advice. There are health services that can check health and analyze diseases preliminarily in order to receive good services without having to pay extra. Observation of symptoms and provision of 10 basic diseases are diseases that most people will walk in and buy their own medicine, but may not receive good advice or advice. According to a survey of the number of people who walk into a pharmacy per year, it is about 310 million times nationwide, an average per person who walks into a pharmacy 6-7 times a year https://pharmcare.co. And when you click on it, you will see the name of the store and the name of the pharmacist who is ready to give advice rather than selling medicines alone. PHARMCARE aims to expand to neighboring provinces and across the country in the future. In addition to being an assistant in finding quality drug stores near you. It also helps to adjust the behavior of people who use the service. From being sick and buying your own medicine, both from habit and from a friend's recommendation, or from what you see in an advertisement, to getting advice from a pharmacist first. And when every citizen wants to go to a quality pharmacy with a good pharmacist, it will encourage general pharmacies to be alert and ready to improve their services. People will also receive better health services---------------------------- Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with #ThaiPBSที่เพจ Thai PBS Sci & Tech
"Stars spin over the Earth" Amazing extraterrestrial|The National Institute of Astronomical Research has released 400 images of NASA astronaut Christina Cogg in 11 minutes today (Dec. 3, 2019). The National Astronomical Research Institute Fan Page publishes amazing images of stars spinning above the Earth. It states that the end of the rain is early this winter. Many regions still have thundershowers in some places, and the weather on the mountains is getting colder. Today, we present astronomical images taken over the variability of the Earth's atmosphere. From the perspective of the International Space Station residents, let's take a look at the circular arcs in the night sky as the path of motion of stars in constellations. For example, thinner orange lines and dark shades are street lights in Angola and Congo.Stars near the North Pole (upper left corner) are short curves, while distant stars have increased angular distances. The length is a circle radius, so it is much larger. Finally, the star's path was long enough to fall under the earth, as seen in the picture. A distant path of light through an arc in the sky. It is a satellite that passes by at the time of photographing a faint greenish-yellow curve above the Earth's atmosphere, called Airglow, stretching 80 to 645 kilometers long by reflecting light from the earth up to the atmosphere. Let's talk about it! This #WorldMentalHealthDay, we remember to advocate for identification and treatment of mental illnesses and to open up the dialogue to support each other. pic.twitter.com/IGWD0Oo77m Christina NASA astronaut Cogg captured a total of 400 images in 11 minutes from the International Space Station moving over Namibia into the Red Sea. When multiple images are combined. Christina was stationed on the International Space Station for about 8 months to replace some batteries for solar panels, during which time she captured some beautiful images for the world to admire https://www.universetoday.com/143794/time-lapse-captured-from-the-international-space-station/#more-143794   
3-month trail finds wreckage of Vikram hit lunar surface|That's clear! NASA Confirms traces of the debris of Vikramyan's header of Chandrayan 2 of India. After a mission to conquer the moon on Sept. 7, but the craft lost contact for nearly 3 months, it found the point of impact and where the debris was scattered. Today (5 Dec 2019) Reporters reported that the National Institute of Astronomical Research Fan Page posted progress data confirming that it has been found! The wreckage of the missing Vikram vehicle was reported on December 3. NASA releases photos from Lunar Reconsensus Traces of the Vikram lander's crash have been found on the lunar surface. Debris was scattered several kilometers away as the Vikram landed on the lunar surface. Last month Last September, only a few meters left to make history for India. Suddenly, the ship lost contact. The ship can no longer be controlled or located. The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has made every effort to recover the spacecraft's systems but to no avail.  Found it! NASA's Lunar Reconsensus, or LRO, took photos of the landing, and later made them available for public download to help locate the Vikram. Shanmuga Subramanian, Indian Engineer Get in touch with NASA's LRO Image Analysis Team Given that it has detected the location where the craft collided with the lunar surface, NASA's image analysis team used this clue to thoroughly locate the lander's crash. However, the photographs available at the time were not enough to confirm that the traces were caused by the ship's crash.Read related news "Chandrayan-2" Lost contact before recent lunar landings, LRO craft can take more high-resolution images. Traces of the ship's collision can be observed. Compared to the photos taken before the ship crashed. The main location of the collision and the location where the ship's debris were scattered over an area several kilometers wide. The location where Sanmukha first discovered (the letter S pictured) is about 750 meters away from the current main impact point. Although Vikram did not succeed in landing, there is still a Lunar 2 spacecraft that continues its mission around the moon. Chandrayaan 2 spacecraft from India It has successfully entered orbit around the moon. After the ship was launched into space, It is scheduled to land on September 7, 2019. India will be the fourth country after Russia, America and China to successfully land a spacecraft on the lunar surface.more information:https://www.nasa.gov/image-featu.../.../2019/vikram-lander-found Read related news Chandrayan 2 enters lunar orbit and prepares to land on September 7 India to become the 4th nation in the world Send "Chandrayaan-2" to the moon 
Dec. 22 "Solstice Day" is the longest night of the year. |Dr. S. "Today (December 22, 2019) is the longest night solstice day of the year. Countries in the northern hemisphere mark the arrival of winter. Countries in the southern hemisphere mark the start of summer today (Dec. 22, 2019). Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Services Revealed that each day The sun appears in different positions. Change by about 1 degree a day. The sun rises most in the east to the south and sets most in the west. As a result, the shortest day and longest night periods of the year in Sanskrit are called "Winter Solstice". The sun rises at around 6.36 a.m. and returns to the horizon at around 5.55 p.m. (Bangkok time), totaling only 11 hours and 19 minutes of daylight. The sky darkens earlier than at other times of the year. Countries in the northern hemisphere mark the arrival of winter. In the southern hemisphere, it is the day of summer. It states that the Earth orbits the Sun in an elliptical circle in a year, so the Earth is not the same distance from the Sun. The closest range is around the beginning of January (147 million kilometers) and the farthest is around the beginning of the month. Jul (152 million kilometers) When comparing the difference between short and long distances. In the Earth's orbit around the Sun, it is a very small ratio. However, the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted at an angle of 23.5 degrees from the perpendicular position of the Earth's orbital plane around the Sun. As a result, different areas around the world receive different amounts of sunlight. As a result, there are different temperatures, as well as different periods of day and night. That's why seasons are happening on Earth. You will notice that in the summer, Daylight hours are longer than night. The sun rises early and sets slowly. In winter, the night lasts longer. The sun rises slowly and sets early in 1 year, causing major phenomena related to the rise and fall of the sun. as follows 
How to watch a "partial solar eclipse" 26 This December.|Dr. Advice on how to watch a partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand safely On December 26, we are ready to hold activities at 4 major locations across the country. Today (24 Dec 2019) Mr. Saran Posayachinda Director, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation Mention precautions regarding the observation of partial solar eclipses in Thailand. This Thursday, December 26, from 10.19-13.57 hrs., the observation of the solar eclipse is a direct observation of the sun. Do not observe with the naked eye, as staring at the sun without protective equipment can lead to blindness. The general method of observing the sun is divided into 2 types: direct observation of the sun through filtering equipment and indirect observation of the sun, which is a method of observing the sun with the eye through various devices such as telescopes specifically for viewing the sun. A telescope with a light filter attached. Sunglasses made of black polymer or mylar filters, or simple devices such as glass filters for welding masks No. 14 or more should not use X-ray film (if used requires double stacking of unused X-ray films). Used photographic film, CDs, sunglasses, smoked glass, black window film used to attach to car windows, even if they are completely black, are still not safe for the eyes because they are not effective in filtering light enough. Even if the light intensity is filtered out. However, it is not possible to filter out certain waves of light that are harmful to the eyes. Direct observation of the sun requires a quality filtering device specifically for filtering sunlight and should not stare at the sun for more than 5 seconds at a time. Indirect observation of the sun is a safe method that does not harm the eyes and allows the phenomenon to be viewed in several people at a time: using a telescope to receive light from the sun and perpendicular to the image coming out of the eyepiece. Projecting the sun from a solar scope, or inventing a simple pinhole camera. Use the principle of combining light to project onto the scene by drilling small holes on the material that needs to be exposed to sunlight. Sunlight will pass through such holes and fall on the screen, which can be paper, tabletop, or ground. The shape of the drilled hole does not affect the image on the scene, but it does affect the sharpness and brightness of the image. It can also be observed from sunlight passing through trees, falling on the ground or walls. Mr. Saran reminded the public to be careful when recording the sun with digital cameras, especially DSLR cameras equipped with high-magnification lenses, not to shoot the sun without a light filter, and never to point directly from the viewfinder because the lenses of various cameras have the ability to combine light and heat. Looking directly at the image shining from the lens to the sun The image of the sun obtained from such devices will be very bright, may cause immediate permanent loss of vision, and may cause damage to the device itself as well. Dr. S. Prepare to set up 4 safe solar eclipse observation points: Sirindhorn Astronomical Park Mae Rim District, Chiang Mai Province, 7th Anniversary Observatory in Chachoengsao Province, 7th Anniversary Observatory in Suranaree University of Technology Nakhon Ratchasima Province, and 7th Anniversary Observatory in Songkhla Province. High-quality observation equipment and a wide range of solar observation equipment, along with experts from Dr. Dr. to educate about solar eclipses safely. In addition, more than 410 astronomical networks across the country participated in activities to observe a partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand. Starting from 09.00 a.m. onwards, it is free of charge for those who are not comfortable traveling to observe or stay in a closed sky location. Broadcast the partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand through various channels of the Institute as well, follow the website of the National Astronomical Research Institute www.NARIT.or.th and Facebook NARITPage. Related News 14 provinces waiting to watch "annular solar eclipse" 26 This December.   
Summary of key technologies that make life easier in 2019|Gather technology in 2019 that makes human life easier, such as communication, parcel transportation, entertainment. In 2019, key technologies were introduced, both the latest and the most developed technologies. Today, technology has become an almost inseparable part of human life to facilitate various aspects.  The smartphone that attracted the most attention to users was the launch of iPhone 11, which is divided into three models: iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, and iPhone 11 Pro Max. 3-camera high definition camera It can shoot 4x wide-angle and can shoot in low-light areas, can shoot 4K high-definition video with video editing capabilities on smartphones, targeting users of online video creators (Video Creators), a new career trend that is trending, drone technology is becoming more efficient, drone technology has been continuously developed in 2019, many companies have started using drones in various forms, for example, private companies in the United States have begun testing the use of drones for parcel delivery in Christiansburg. Zipline drones are deployed in U.S. Army battlefield blood and first aid missions. For example, the Mavic Mini drone can shoot high-definition video in 4K.Entertainment home entertainment technology is indispensable for modern lifestyle. Home entertainment technologies were particularly prominent in 2019, including gaming-related technologies that use esports-style computer screens and VR smart glasses. Gaming technology continues to grow and has tremendous value if counted in Thailand alone, the gaming industry in 2019 was worth 22 billion baht, artificial meat food technology, food technology in 2019. Companies that have launched artificial meat, such as Future Meat Technologies, which is developing artificial meat for sale in the United States and Europe during 2021, Russia's Aleph Farms, which launched plans to develop a 3D printer technology that can print beef in space for astronauts to use as food while in space without the need to carry beef up from Earth. The introduction of a robotic arm that works with Google's artificial intelligence system for artificial intelligence systems has also been advanced, with an artificial intelligence system named Pythai developed by Aplhabet that successfully defeated historians in reading the ancient Greek alphabet. There is also an artificial intelligence system that can translate using voice assistants through the Google Assistant service, etc. Auto-autonomous and electrified cars, the direction of car technology is moving towards autonomous driving and electrification. In 2019, leading automaker Toyota invested with Uber to develop autonomous vehicle technology. Meanwhile, the leader in autonomous driving technology, Tesla Motor, is updating its autonomous vehicle technology with new capabilities to increase road safety. In addition, some of the world's largest companies, such as Apple, have set up teams to develop technologies that are compatible with autonomous vehicles. In terms of electric vehicle technology, many European companies have launched their own electric vehicles, such as Volkswagen launching the ID.3 electric vehicle, while electric vehicles in the United States such as Ford launching the Mustang Mach-E electric SUV and Tesla Motor launching the Tesla Cybertruck electric pickup truck.   
NBTC closes 5G auction to surpass 100,521 million baht target |Auction Results 5G bands worth more than 100 billion baht in 3 frequency bands auctioned "AIS" won the auction sweeping 3 waves and 23 licenses. Part "True" 17 License 2 Frequency Today (16 Feb 2020) Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General of the NBTC The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) held auctions for spectrum in the 700 MHz, 2600 MHz and 26 GHz bands, which started at 9.30 a.m. and finished at 3.05 p.m. with a total bidding time of 5 hours and 35 minutes. TOT Communications Public Company Limited or TUC, TOT Public Company Limited, dtac TriNet Company Limited or DTN, CAT Telecom Public Company Limited or CAT and Advanced Wireless Network Company Limited Limited or AWN Auction Results The winners of the bid were 1 license of "AWN" and 2 licenses of "CAT". At a license price of 17,153 million baht for 2600 MHz band, the winners were 10 licenses of "AWN" and 9 licenses of "TUC". The winners of the bidding are "AWN" (12 licenses), "TUC" (8 licenses), "DTN" (2 licenses) and "TOT" (4 licenses). at a license price of 445 million baht. Income sent to the state In terms of 700 MHz band, 3 licenses totaling Baht 51,459 million. 19 licenses of 2600 MHz band totaling Baht 37,164 million and 26 licenses of 26 GHz band totaling Baht 11,570 million. This resulted in a total bidding limit of Baht 100,521.17 million.  
Assess your COVID-19 risk anywhere via "Covid Bot" chatbot |Researchers developed the "Covid Bot" chatbot or "Nong Mask" as a channel for consultation and assessment of COVID-19 risks, along with continuous updates from the Ministry of Public Health, and allowing the public to check patient maps and statistics anytime, anywhere today (March 15, 2020). The Future Innovation Research Cluster (FREAK Lab) collaborated with a group of medical alumni to develop scientific and technological geniuses for children and youth. Junior Science Talent Project (JSTP) has developed the "Covid Bot" chatbot as a channel to provide advice and risk assessment to the public regarding the novel coronavirus. 2019 (COVID-19) in person, anytime, anywhere. With the COVID-19 pandemic spreading around the world, including Thailand, doctors and hospitals have to deal with more patients than usual. Even though the number of cases or infections reported by the authorities in Thailand is not very high. Compared to other countries The research team expects that the outbreak will likely intensify if new strategies and methods are not implemented. People interested in taking a risk assessment test can access the chatbot via https://m.me/covid19bot, which works through a Facebook messenger inbox, where they will have a short questionnaire that lasts about 5 minutes and helps assess how vulnerable they are to the disease. Are you eligible for testing as announced by the Department of Disease Control? There are about 6 questions, of which 2 options will be answered, press the option according to the fact, then "Covid Bot" will collect the data of the respondents, follow up and evaluate the respondents' symptoms, along with advice on how to stay safe from the spread of the COVID-19 virus. How to wear a mask Advice when going out, including a COVID-19 situation report, which is reported by gathering data from the Ministry of Health. It provides an individualized map of COVID-19 cases, including cumulative statistics on infections, treatments and deaths in the country. One day after completing the assessment, the chatbot will send you a message asking if your condition is improving. In addition, the "Covid Bot" chatbot There is also a function to update information from the Ministry of Public Health. Once the information is confirmed via the ministry's website, such as an announcement! The CDC added countries with ongoing outbreaks, including Denmark, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Britain and the United States, with messages for people traveling or staying with travellers from those countries. Reassess the risk. This chatbot uses the latest information from the Ministry of Health to assess risk, and is not a doctor's diagnosis, but a preliminary symptom assessment. 
"Jisda" compared the photo of Phu Kradung heart being burned.|Jisda compared satellite images before and after the fire damaged 3,700 rai of pine forest, or 1.7% of Phu Kradung's area of more than 200,000 rai, spread across the west, north and southeast sides of the park. Found spread near Phu Kradung heart looking from space today (February 17, 2020) Reporters reported that from the situation of forest fires that occurred in Phu Kradung National Park, Loei Province. Yesterday (Feb 16) The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Agency (GISTDA) published satellite images comparing and after the fire stating that "when the heart is attacked", Jisda used the LANDSAT-8 and Sentinal-2B satellites to monitor the situation by comparing the Landsat-8 satellite images before the forest fire on January 18 and the artificial star Sentinel-2 during the forest fire on February 16. Such information will be used as a basis for relevant agencies to conduct inspections in real areas together with the province. This will lead to rehabilitation, prevention, and understanding among local people to support sustainable community and social participation in Phu Kradung National Park, Loei Province. It resembles a heart. If you look at it from a bird's eye view from satellites, drones or UAVs, it is clearly visible. Read related news Minutes help "wild deer" escape Phu Kradung fire - Coordinate military helicopters to carry fire control equipment "Phu Kradung" damaged more than 2,000 rai New eruption loop     
Volunteer recruitment Create a home quarantine system via Web & Mobile app|A group of volunteer doctors developed the Home Quarantine System via Web & Mobile app to help medical personnel take care of hundreds of detainees or patients. Volunteers are also accepting applications to develop data and apps for people to take care of themselves according to the correct practices today (March 17, 2020). Dr. Kongkiat Ketpech together with a group of volunteer doctors developed the Home Quarantine System through Web & Mobile app to manage and enable one hospital staff to take care of hundreds or thousands of sick or detainees with the Digitalcare board. The system will send self-care information up to guidelines that update to keep up with the disease situation every week, and there will be Chat and VDO calls to be used to communicate between patients and staff to keep doctors and nurses informed in a timely manner, which will be free of charge on March 19 for both hospitals and quarantined people. The group of volunteer doctors has also developed a vital sign measurement system with Thermoscan to reduce the workload and exposure of patients with mild symptoms who need to measure heart rate and breathing. 4-6 times a day for preliminary screening with a small camera mounted on the robot and cloud computing according to this paper's guidelines https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article...https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5982845/ which has a team of PSU engineers. In addition, ARI clinic (Acute Respiratory Infection Clinic) and field hospital have been designed to accommodate suspected patients and patients with COVID-19 so that they can have an appropriate and safe workflow for workers and use resources efficiently. Ventilation, handwashing stations The path of clean and dirty sections was led by an H lab team. Brainstorm ideas for https://www.hlabconsulting.com/ 
NSTDA–CU develops robot to disinfect UV light within 30 minutes|NSTDA. In collaboration with Chulalongkorn University, the "Germ Saber Robot" is designed to kill COVID-19 pathogens with UV light within 30 minutes and can kill germs within a radius of 1-2 meters. Mr. Sivarak Sivamokstham, Director, Technology Center for National Security and Commercial Applications (NSD), NSTDA. NSD collaborated with the Research Institute of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, to develop and test The innovative UV disinfection robot or "Germ Saber Robot", which is a robot that kills COVID-19 pathogens with UV light, has good access to disinfection in specific areas and risk points. Those areas must be free of people because the use of UV light, although it can kill germs well, but be careful if used improperly, it can be harmful to humans. The "Germ Saber Robot" consists of a UV-C lamp with a total power of 300 watts and a light control unit. It is unique in that it can be forced to drive to different points through the "remote control" device to instruct the robot to move forward, backward, turn left, turn right and rotate the body 360 degrees for effective disinfection of all terrain. Ultraviolet radiation or UV light is the spectrum of electromagnetic waves in the range of 10 nm to 400 nm. It has a higher frequency than what our eyes can see. The "Germ Saber Robot" uses UV-C light (wavelength in the frequency band of about 250 nm) as a UV light that is highly effective in eliminating microscopic organisms or pathogens. The utilization of the COVID-19 germ disinfection robot with UV light or "Germ Saber Robot" during the COVID-19 pandemic in Thailand will help both public and private facilities save money from disinfectants. More importantly, disinfection robots can kill airborne droplets and can also be used to disinfect surfaces of specific devices, such as electronic devices. Medical equipment that cannot be exposed to water or chemical reagents. Mr. Sivarak said that for the development of the Germ Saber Robot, the research team wants to help alleviate the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic during the shortage of medical equipment. Therefore, we are accelerating the production of COVID-19 disinfection robots as accessories to kill the COVID-19 virus that can be used conveniently anywhere and at all times. By disinfection within a radius of 1-2 meters for a period of 15-30 minutes per point, it will help kill germs on various surfaces. The research team prepares the robot to kill COVID-19 with UV light by planning a pilot test at the first medical facility, Chulalongkorn Hospital and other agencies. For departments or those who are interested in the research team to produce or put it to trial, please contact Director, Center for Technology for National Security and Commercial Applications, NSTDA. Tel. 02-564-7000 Press 2521 
Watch "Star Kiang Duan" Clear sky day with naked eye April 15 - 16|Watch the phenomenon of "Dao Kiang Duan" for Thai New Year April 15-16, both Jupiter side moon and Mars side moon. If the sky is clear, it can be observed with the naked eye nationwide today (April 13, 2020). National Astronomical Research Institute Fan Page invites you to wake up to see "Dao Kiang Duan" for Thai New Year April 15 - 16 If the sky is clear, it can be observed with the naked eye throughout the country for moon-side star phenomena. It is one of the astronomical phenomena that occurs regularly as the moon and planets change position gradually along the period of orbit around the sun. The fact that the moon and planets appear in the sky in the same direction or move in similar positions. It can be explained scientifically.  
April 3-4 – See Venus alongside the Pleiades cluster. Closest to 8 years |สดร.ชวนดู “ดาวศุกร์สว่างสุกใสเคียงกระจุกดาวลูกไก่” ปรากฏใกล้กันที่สุดในรอบ 8 ปี ช่วง‪วันที่ 3- 4 เม.ย.นี้ มองเห็นได้ทุกพื้นที่ทั่วประเทศ‬ พร้อมรอดู 8 เม.ย.ดวงจันทร์เต็มดวงใกล้โลกที่สุดในรอบปี Today(1 hour) (April 2020) Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Academic Services The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRI) said that on April 3-4,  Venus will appear alongside the Pleiades cluster in the western sky. It is visible in the early evening after the sun returns to the horizon from around 6:30 p.m. to 21:00 a.m. It is another beautiful and impressive astronomical phenomenon. This phenomenon is the result of Venus' orbital plane at an angle of 3.4 degrees to the solar plane, while the Pleiades cluster is about 4 degrees away from the solar trajectory. Venus appears just 0.5 degrees away from Alcyone, the brightest star in the Pleiades cluster. Venus is the third brightest object to appear in the sky after the sun and moon. Venus is very bright lately as it is orbiting close to Earth. Those who are interested in seeing the phenomenon of Venus alongside the Pleiades cluster, so it is not difficult to locate Venus in the sky. Observed with the naked eye In addition, the National Institute of Astronomical Research states that the sky in April is also the month of astronomical phenomena. as follows  
This evening, Venus is at its brightest for the first time in a year.|Today (May 28) Dr. invites the public to see the brightest Venus phenomenon At 6.30 p.m. onwards in the west, it can be seen with the naked eye, but if viewed through a telescope, Venus can be seen as a crescent resembling the moon today (April 28, 2020). Around 6:30 p.m. onwards, Venus will be observed bright to the west. It can be clearly viewed with the naked eye across the country, and if observed through a telescope, Venus will appear as a moon-like crescent. Venus is the second planet after Mercury, orbiting the Sun closer than Earth. Therefore, Venus cannot be seen as fully bright because it appears full bright when it is behind the sun. People on Earth therefore always see Venus appear as a crescent. The thin thickness of the crescent varies from position to orbit and appears at most 47.8 degrees away from the Sun, so Venus can only be observed briefly before sunrise or after sunset, and never appear in the sky or late at night. 
Researchers recommend testing for COVID-19 genetic material in sewage wastewater|Naresuan University researchers recommend using COVID-19 genetic testing in sewage wastewater using sample populations to help assess lockdown relief faster and save budget today (April 20, 2020). Asst. Prof. Dr. Thanapol Penrat Head of the research project on the use of nanoparticle-stabilized foams in combination with electromagnetic thermal induction to accelerate the regeneration of volatile organic compound contaminated areas by soil vapor extraction method. From Naresuan University Funded by the Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Board Thailand's daily record of new COVID-19 infections has remained relatively stable over the past week. Several provinces, including Phitsanulok, have not seen any new infections for days. The question is when will the city reopen, an article in the New York Times. It said the U.S. needs to test three times more infections a day before cities can reopen. Currently, the U.S. has a test rate of 10,863 per 1 million people. Thailand stands at 1,440 tests per 1 million people. However, Thailand still has another option to open up the city: testing for the genetic material of the coronavirus in sewage for screening, which will allow testing for infection without testing everyone in the province. By examining sewage or wastewater of human sewage such as feces and urine, people excrete an average of about 128 grams of feces per person per day, and toilet wastewater that includes cleaning activities about 25-50 liters per person per day. Infected people have reported high levels of COVID-19 genetic material ranging from 630,000 copies per ml of feces to 30,000,000 copies per milliliter of feces. The lowest detection from the U.S. is 10 copies per milliliter of wastewater. The test method uses normal RT-qPCR as used in humans. If 10 copies per ml is used as the minimum value, Phitsanulok province, which has a population of 866,891 people, can examine only 90 sewage samples for the hypothesis that the feces of an infected person contain viral genetic material at 30,000,000 copies per milliliter or 4,267 samples. Sewage samples representing the entire province of Phitsanulok are also less than everyone in the province. For example, if there are 200 condos with 400 people, the combined sewage samples of that condo can be mixed with other condos in the neighboring area. Or if there is a point where the total sewage of one sub-district flows together, it can be collected at that point to represent that sub-district. If found, they will continue to investigate and may have to check the wastewater separately in each building. Condos or zones of villages will allow faster access to infected people. At this point, looking at travel history, activities, and health symptoms should help reach infected people faster. With inspectors wearing PPE suits, wastewater collection work is an environmental scientist's job. Environmental Engineer or Regional Environment Even health stations can do this if they receive basic training. No medical personnel are required. For this reason, the province has been under lockdown so far that there have been no more cases for some time. Detecting the genetic material of the virus in sewage water may help open up cities faster. It also helps us monitor the return of viruses with the same principles and logic. Wastewater testing in hospitals or hotels with commuters from other provinces coming in after the city opens, will allow us to monitor vulnerable groups. Similarly, checking sewage from airport toilets or even aircraft toilets can help with surveillance. In addition to the current temperature measurement.
Strange! Mahidol University discovers new species of "blood-sucking flies" in the world|Faculty of Veterinary Medicine Research Team Mahidol University discovered a new species of blood-sucking fly (Haematobosca aberrans sp.nov.) in Mae Wang district, Chiang Mai province today (May 16, 2020). Facebook Page Faculty of Veterinary Medicine Faculty of Veterinary Science, Mahidol University According to the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Mahidol University, jointly discovered the discovery of a new species of blood-sucking fly (Haematobosca aberrans sp.nov.) in the world, discovered in Mae Wang district, Chiang Mai province, classified in the family Muscidae, subfamily Stomoxyinae, making Thailand currently have a total of 11 species of blood-sucking flies in this subfamily. Blood-sucking flies are classified as external parasites of veterinary importance by adults. Both males and females feed on the blood of animals such as cattle, buffaloes, horses, and wild animals. It is also an important carrier of pathogens, including viruses, bacteria, protozoa, and parasites. This research was funded by the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine. Mahidol University (0517.131/00192) Article published in Zootaxa journal 15 Apr 2020 for the research team is Assoc. Prof. Dr. Thanasak Veterinarian. Dr. Adrian C Pont Oxford University Museum of Natural History, UK, and Prof. Gerard Duvallet Université Paul-Valéry, France.  
LINE can be closed! Reveal the "Following" feature, know which accounts to follow instantly.|Open 4 steps Turn off the "Show Tracking Info" feature (Following). On the LINE app, after LINE Official launches a new feature, you can instantly track which accounts and clarify that this feature is not related to adding friends or sending chats. Today (21 May 2020) Social media criticized the new LINE feature, which allows users to view a list of accounts that others follow. Some consider tracking accounts to be private information that they do not want others to know. Meanwhile, Twitterers are tweeting ways to turn off the "Show Tracking Info" feature (Following). LINE has now updated the feature to users automatically, allowing others to see the tracking of users' accounts. Latest LINE Thailand - Official The company has published a message on Facebook clarifying the case of various opinions regarding the closure of "Show Tracking Data" (Following). LINE Thailand would like to clarify its intention to launch such features. For the convenience of users, you can check the number and list of LINE Official Accounts and accounts of people that users have followed more easily, as well as reveal the list of accounts that are followed. Clicking Follow is not related to adding friends or sending chats in any way. LINE Thailand does not list friends or groups that users have in their LINE account. We sincerely apologize for the delay in communicating and clarifying the activation of this feature to users. In the meantime, users can choose to allow or disallow others to follow and turn the display of such tracking information on and off by themselves. Within the setup menu > Timeline > set up > tracking. Show tracking information Click the green tab to turn it on-off. 
Fixed! The "Follow" feature is turned off, tracking information is no longer displayed.|LINE Thailand has announced that it will disable the display of follow information on LINE after social media criticism and concerns about its privacy information yesterday (May 21, 2020) due to social media criticism about the new feature of the LINE app, which allows users to check the number and list of LINE Official Accounts and accounts of people they have followed more easily. You can also reveal the list of accounts you follow in order to recommend those who have the same interests to follow up with the latest. Facebook LINE Thailand - Official Notification of action to disable the display of tracking information on LINE due to the incident Displaying tracking information on the LINE app has caused nervousness and discomfort for many LINE users. Thailand Listening to all user opinions all the time. To develop and improve the service to provide all users with the best experience. As a result, the team has accelerated the process by disabling the display of tracking information for all users, which is expected to be completed within 24 hours. Read related news LINE is closed! Reveal the "Following" feature, know which accounts to follow instantly. 
Anybody see it? Get to know the #หมวกเมฆสีรุ้ง phenomenon |Many Bangkok residents may have seen the multi-colored sky yesterday evening (June 2). Dr. Matipol Tangtitham, astronomy expert National Astronomical Research Institute Come and take a look at the photos and get to know the rainbow cloud hat phenomenon.  Iridescent Pileus Cloud Today (June 3, 2020) In the case of the multi-colored sky that many people saw in Bangkok on the evening of June 2, the Facebook page of NARIT, the National Astronomical Research Institute published a message stating:  Dr. Matipol Tangtitham, astronomy expert National Astronomical Research Institute Pileus Cloud comes from Latin for "hat". When there is a vertical rise in the air current. The humid layer of air above is then lifted up and condensed into water droplets. It happens to be a cloud that seems to be "wearing" on the cloud again. We can confirm that these hat clouds are higher than the clouds below because the shadows of the clouds below stretch up on these hat clouds. Called "Iridescent Cloud" or "Cloud Iridescence", it is a light phenomenon that occurs in the atmosphere, similar to a rainbow or a halo sun. This rainbow cloud is much more complex. The rainbow is formed by reflection and refraction of light. When water droplets or ice crystals in the air It acts like a large number of small prisms that keep reflecting. The color of the light that can be observed therefore depends on the refractive index of water. The geometry of water droplets (spheres) or ice crystals, and the angle of incidence of sunlight with the observer's view for the rainbow cloud phenomenon. It occurs when water droplets or ice crystals are very small. They are fairly similar in size, uniform, and not too thick, which is sometimes the phenomenon that causes Pileus Cloud to create an ideal environment for these conditions. The light we see is caused by a large number of tiny droplets. They are so far apart that one of the sun's rays of light interferes so that only one color can shine in our direction. Light with slightly different wavelengths appears at different angles. Thus creating an image that appears similar to the colors of the rainbow, just as seen on mother-of-pearl shells. Oil stains on water surfaces or bubbles   
On June 19, AO launched the first satellite "Napa-1" into space. |The Royal Thai Air Force will launch the security satellite "Napa-1" into space on June 19 at 08:51 a.m. local time. From Ariane Launch Area 1 in French Guiana Territory of the French Republic  Today (15 June 2020) Reporters reported that the Air Force Scheduled launch of satellite for security NAPA-1 will enter low earth orbit at an altitude of about 500 kilometers aboard a Vega rocket from Ariane Launch Area 1 in French Guiana. The territory of the French Republic, located in the upper part of South America for satellites. The Napa-1 is the Air Force's first satellite to launch into space. It has a mission to conduct space reconnaissance and surveillance. For surveillance of domestic areas necessary for security missions. The Air Force can also use satellite capabilities to support national disaster relief efforts, such as providing heat spot data for forest fire extinguishing and data support for water management to address flooding and drought at the national level. This is an important first step in space patrol and surveillance. For the country's future security and development by tomorrow (June 16) The Air Force will announce details of the official launch of the Napa-1 satellite at the Air Force Space Operations Center. Please join us to watch the live broadcast via Youtube Channel:arianespace on June 19 from 08.30 am. 
Espionage hacks US celebrity Twitter account to transfer donations|Twitter is investigating the Twitter accounts of celebrities in the United States, including the country's former leader. Billionaire and singer hacked. To use false tweets to solicit cryptocurrency. Experts estimate the perpetrators received more than $100,000, or about 3 million baht, today (July 16, 2020). Joe Biden's official Twitter account Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Former U.S. President Barack Obama, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, Tesla owner Elon Musk, famous rapper Kanye West and many other U.S. celebrities have been hacked by data espionage. Using those celebrities' accounts, tweets urging people to donate cryptocurrency. The social media service Twitter is currently investigating the incident, which has been identified as a security issue. It may also affect other functions of Twitter. As a result, many Twitter accounts were affected this morning. We are aware of a security incident impacting accounts on Twitter. We are investigating and taking steps to fix it. We will update everyone shortly. The hack was the worst major social media breach. The fraudulent scams have occurred in the past, but not in large numbers, and the perpetrators reportedly received more than $100,000 or about 3,100,000 baht. 
July 18-23 "The closest Neowise comet to Earth" in nearly 6,800 years|Thais are preparing to see Comet Neowise during July 18-23 as it orbits away from the Sun and is approaching Earth. It appears during the evening in the northwest, from sunset until around 21 a.m., according to the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization). Since the beginning of July, Comet NEOWISE, or C/2020 F3 (NEOWISE), has attracted the attention of astronomers and people on Earth as it appears bright over the airspace of many countries. Comet NEOWISE or C/2020 F3 (NEOWISE) is a long-period comet. It was discovered by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE), a telescope in the infrared spectrum of the project to survey asteroid populations and near-Earth objects, discovered on March 27, 2020, according to astronomers who calculated the apparent luminosity rank of Comet Neowise. However, actual observations have shown that the brightness has not decreased as calculated, thus benefiting observers on Earth to still see comets appearing brighter, however, from July 18, 2020, Comet Neowise will change to appear in the early evening. After the sun goes down in the northwest, and the brightness gradually decreases, but remains bright to a level that can still be observed with the naked eye, it is a good opportunity for Thais to see and record the beauty of this comet. If the sky is clear without clouds, the best time to observe Comet Neowise During July 18-22, 2020, because the comet has already moved enough away from the Sun and is expected to have an apparent luminosity rating of about 5, even during twilight there is a chance that this comet can be seen with the naked eye, while on July 23, 2020, even when the comet is closest to Earth at a distance of 103 million kilometers. However, according to the data, the comet will have a decrease in brightness, and on the night of the second moonrise, there may be a slight disturbance of moonlight. Thailand is in a cloudy rainy season. The area near the horizon has a fairly thick cloud cover. This was a major obstacle to observing the comet, and after that, its brightness gradually decreased until it became unnoticeable--------------------------. Follow #ThaiPBSSciAndTech on Facebook: Thai PBS Sci &; TechTwitter: @ThaiPBSSciTech 
China successfully launches Mars rover into space |China successfully launches spacecraft to explore Mars Orbit, land and send surface survey vehicles to collect scientific data today (July 23, 2020) The Long March-5 rocket, along with the Tianwen-1 probe, took off from the launch site. China aims to land a lander to orbit Mars and send a Mars surface probe to collect scientific data. In the country's first mission, the Tianwen-1 mission. It was China's first planetary expedition. China has previously cooperated with Russia. Plans have been made to explore Mars. In 2011, however, the launch failed, and last year, China has successfully landed the world's first probe to the far side of the moon. Related News Begins! Rocket launcher Sending humans into space in 9 years  
 GitHub The code stored in the camera roll was successfully embedded at the North Pole.|If one day humanity's civilization is lost by world wars, epidemics or whatever the cause, the manuscripts of an enormous amount of software code may be extinct. GitHub, an online space provider for managing software code in various ways, makes it easier to work as a team between developers, updates or changes to the source code are saved and shared with others in the 21 programming progress tracking team. The rolls are stored in a sturdy steel cabinet at a depth of about 250 meters on Svalbard Island, about 1,000 kilometers off the coast of Norway and in the Arctic region. Scientists estimate these rolls to be preserved and preserved for at least another 1,000 years, and GitHub reported that the mission to move the rolls underground was successful on July 8, marking a significant effort by GitHub to preserve the code knowledge of man-developed software. To wait for humans in the future to understand again. Other interesting projects include the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, which accumulates over 70,000 species of earthly seeds underground in the vicinity of the Github Arctic Code Vault to preserve plant species that may become extinct in the future. Founded in 2009, it is now acquired by Microsoft and has more than 50 --------------------------million developers accessing the system. Watch the trend of keeping pace with the world" with #ThaiPBSติดตาม #ThaiPBSSciAndTech at - https://www.facebook.com/ThaiPBSSciAndTech- https://twitter.com/ThaiPBSSciTech 
Can anybody hear you? Explosion-like noise in Bangkok - metropolitan area|People in Bangkok and some areas heard loud explosion-like noises earlier this evening. Meanwhile, social media has published images of meteor soot supposedly causing the noise. According to experts, it is possible because of the shock wave of a meteor as far as 100 kilometers away today (August 6, 2020). At around 6 p.m., FM91 tweeted, "Who heard it?" about 30 minutes ago. People in Pathum Thani province heard a loud boom that was perceived in many areas of Pathum Thani province, checking with Pathum Thani Radio Center officials. The paipibat.com website reported that at 5 p.m. A shooting star formed in the sky in Bangkok. Mr. @pearhs captured the remaining soot. There was a loud noise like the last thunder. Thai PBS asks Dr. Saran Posayachinda Director, National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) The sound heard is likely caused by a meteor because extraterrestrial objects move through the rapidly warming Earth's atmosphere at a faster pace than sound. This causes a shock wave to make a loud noise. The resulting noise can cause noise up to 100 kilometers away, but is not dangerous, with the expectation that it will burn completely before falling to the ground. Thailand has experienced a massive meteor movement through the sky in 2014, and these objects, if not completely burned and fall to the ground, will become meteorites.   
Heavy damage Jisda reveals satellite images compared before and after Beirut bombing|Jisda released satellite images comparing damage before and after the deadly explosion in Beirut. Lebanon A building was found at the scene of the accident heavily damaged. Today (9 Aug 2020) The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or GISTDA, Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation, released images of the THEOS satellite recorded on Friday, August 7, 2020 at 3:22 p.m. Lebanon On Tuesday, Aug. 4, 2020, at 6:00 p.m. Beirut time, or 10:00 p.m. Thai time, the explosion caused heavy damage to several areas around the warehouse. In addition, many areas felt such tremors. The explosion shook the ground, comparable to a magnitude 3.3 earthquake. Some were completely destroyed, and even vehicles and buildings 10 kilometers away from the crash site were affected by the blast in Beirut, Lebanon's capital. It is located in the central part of the western country, on a peninsula that extends westward to the Mediterranean Sea, which is in southwestern Asia. It has a triangular shape that juts out into the Mediterranean. The warehouse where the explosion occurred is located in the port of Beirut, Lebanon's main port, on the Mediterranean coast, north of Beirut, where ammonium nitrate, a chemical sensitive to explosions and commonly used in fertilizer and explosive production, is stored. Therefore, the storage of ammonium nitrate requires strict compliance with various regulations, such as fire prevention in storage facilities. Read related news Bomb explodes in Lebanese capital, kills 50, injures 2,700 2.7 thousand tons of ammonium nitrate Beirut bomb kills 135, injures more than 4,000 Lebanon faces food crisis from Beirut bombing 
Complete! Air Force launches Napa-1 satellite into space|The Air Force's first security satellite, NAPA-1, was successfully launched into space today at 08:51 local time to support heat points to help extinguish forest fires and help manage flooding and drought. Today (3 Sep 2020) At 08:51 local time, Arianespace's VEGA flight VV16 launched 53 satellites from 13 countries, including seven Mirosatellite and 46 Nanosatellite, including NAPA-1, the Air Force's first security satellite. The launch was launched from the Guiana Space Center, French Guiana, a territory of the French Republic located in the upper South America for satellites. "Napa-1" is the first Air Force satellite to launch into space. It is a small satellite or nanosatellite which orbits in low Earth orbit with the mission of space reconnaissance and surveillance. For surveillance of domestic areas necessary for security missions by launching the Napa-1 satellite. In addition, the Air Force can use satellite capabilities to support the country's disaster relief efforts, such as providing heat spot data for forest fire extinguishing and data support for water management to solve flood and drought problems at the national level. This is an important first step in space patrol and surveillance. For the security and development of the country in the future. The Air Force recognizes the importance of space technology and the gathering of knowledge for space security, which is directly related to national security, military, economic, social, and psychological aspects. By water and air   
Keep an eye out! COVID-19 vaccines around the world have been administered as early as mid-2021.|Prof. Dr. Prasit Wattanapa  Open the latest data Global COVID-19 Vaccines Eleven vaccines entered the Phase 3 study and are expected to be ready for use as early as mid-2021, indicating that vaccines that have been studied in humans or Phase 3 may be only 50% successful in actual use today (October 3, 2020). Prof. Dr. Prasit Wattanapa Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Siriraj Hospital Mahidol University announced the situation of COVID-19 vaccine development, stating that 88 companies or 88 organizations around the world are currently experimenting and developing COVID-19 vaccines, with 35 companies in Phase 1 trials. While 14 companies entered Phase 2 trials and 11 companies entered Phase 3 trials, they are awaiting the results of efficacy studies on whether they can prevent COVID-19. The second vaccine is owned by BioNTech, Pfizer and Fosun Pharma, companies from Germany, the United States and China, together using mRNA vaccine (Genetic vaccine) technology. A study with a group of 43,000 people is currently waiting to see the effectiveness of infection prevention. It is expected to produce enough for the world population by the end of 2021 for the third vaccine owned by Chinese company CanSinoBIO. Adenovirus (Ad5) is a viral vector vaccine that uses a virus that does not cause disease in humans and then injects the genetics of the COVID-19 vaccine to stimulate immunity in people. In Russia, the Gamaleya Institute used two types of adenovirus (Ad5, Ad26) as viral vector vaccines to mix with COVID-19 vaccines, naming the COVID-19 vaccine Sputnik V. Last month But it has not yet been proven to protect against COVID-19, Johnson & Johnson's fourth vaccine in the United States. Adenovirus (Ad26) as a viral vector vaccine began a phase 3 study with 60,000 people as a single vaccine administered with one dose on October 12, 2020. The results of the Phase 3 trial are expected to be completed by the end of 2020 and will be able to produce 1 billion doses in 2021, while AstraZeneca and the University of Oxford have partnered to develop a COVID-19 vaccine, a collaboration between Britain and Sweden. Chimpanzee Adenovirus (ChAdOx1) is currently being studied in phase 3 of 30,000 people in Brazil, South Africa and the United States. On Oct. 21, one trial group died in Brazil, before the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) resumed the study on Oct. 23. On the day of the month and studied in the U.S. last month. The seventh vaccine came from China by Wuhan Institute of Biological Products and studied by Sinopharm, which uses an Inactivated/Attenuated coronavirus vaccine that does not cause disease but stimulates immunity. Phase 3 study began in the UAE last month. In addition, China's Beijing Institute of Biological Products has also used the Inactivated/Attenuated coronavirus vaccine in phase 3 studies in the UAE and Argentina. The ninth vaccine is a collaboration between the Indian Council of Medical Research and the National Institute of Virology, with Bharat Biotech producing a vaccine called Covaxin that uses the Inactivated/Attenuated coronavirus vaccine starting the third phase of the study on October 23. Phase 3 studies began in Brazil, followed by Indonesia and Turkey. As the month Sep2020 On Oct. 19, Brazil announced it as the safest vaccine of the five vaccines studied in phase 3, while Sinovac is accelerating its CoronaVac vaccine production program to distribute to the international community, initially producing 40 million doses for Indonesia by March 2021 and by early 2021 to the world, including to the United States. But some may require more vaccinations, but there have been several studies. Confirming that COVID-19 immunity is short-term immunity, which is why 2 doses of vaccine and 2 doses of injection are required when entering the production belt, requiring 1 times more production. The reason for the need to produce vaccines in different forms is because people from different areas and ages may respond differently to vaccinations as vaccines become available to people around the world. It is important that everyone should use the vaccine that they have been with since birth, take care of themselves, and wear masks. Keep your distance. Wash your hands frequently. Summary of the situation of the Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak by Professor Dr. Prasit Wattanapa Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Siriraj Hospital Mahidol University #siriraj #ศิริราช 
The first evidence was found 132 years ago. Someone died from a meteorite.|Researchers discovered records indicating that meteorites fell to Earth in 1888. Another person was killed and seriously injured. It is the oldest evidence to tell us that someone died from a meteorite today (Nov. 6, 2020). Facebook posts about the past that someone was hit by a meteorite have been a story for a long time. But it is not reliable because there is not enough evidence to support it. A group of researchers discovered historical records in the Turkish National Archives. That reported a meteorite crash on Earth. resulting in deaths and injuries in a month. Aug. 1888 in present-day northern Iraq. Ozan Ünsalan, Associate Professor, Department of Physics, Agee University, Turkey "Almost every event is recorded in the archives, whether it is a natural phenomenon, financial issues, government announcements, or anything else," the findings were published on April 22, 2020. In the research journal Meteoritics &; Planetary Science. They found three letters recorded by local authorities reported on Aug. 22, 1888. Several meteorites fell to Earth within 10 minutes, one of which fell on the grounds of Sulaimaniyah. in present-day northern Iraq (then under the rule of the Ottoman Empire). One person was killed and two others were seriously injured, and people from neighboring towns reportedly saw fireballs falling, and evidence was found that the incident was reported to Sultan Abdulhamid II, the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. The research team is trying to find more evidence, either ancient documents or evidence of other types of ramming. "We want to find out how Sultan Abdul Hamid responded to reports of the crash and whether meteorite fragments were transported to the museum. After that, we will classify the meteorite fragments according to scientific criteria," Unsalan said, adding that they intend to continue searching for relevant records. In 1954, a meteorite fell and broke into pieces about the size of a softball, weighing 3.8 kilograms. The meteorite fell through the roof of Ann Hodges' house in Alabama, U.S., while she was sleeping on a chaise longue in her living room. There were only repeated bruises on the body, and in 2009, 14-year-old German boy Gerrit Blank, was hit by a pea-sized meteorite, but was not seriously injured either.  
AOD revealed that 5 substances were found in "water" to spray the mob separately. |Assoc.Prof.Dr.Virachai Puttawong Reveals the results of the examination of water samples used to push the protesters apart. On November 17, 5 major substances were found to cause eye irritation. Skin Date 20 Nov 2020 Assoc.Prof.Dr.Virachai Puttawong Lecturer, Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Kasetsart University Revealed the results of an analysis of water used by officials to spray protesters near Parliament. Kiak Cai District On Nov. 17, the results of water analysis collected from the strike line at Kiak Kai. The appearance of the water is blue and blue because the purple water is contaminated with the color used by the protesters, which is blue, but when extracted with DCM until the purple solution with the substances in it is extracted and then the purple solution is analyzed by GC-MS (Gas chromatography–mass spectrometry (GC-MS)) technique. It was found that purple is Methylviolet 2b (methylviolet 2b), which is a normal purple. Assoc. Prof. Dr. Virachai further explained that Dimethyl sulfoxide, DMSO (Dimethyl sulfoxide) is a solvent to dissolve the other 4 substances into a homogeneous mass into a leavening agent. 10.39 % V/V(2) = 10.87 % V/V(3) = 8.56 % V/V(4) = 63.93 % V/V(5) = 6.25 % V/V. There is no scientific data to confirm with certainty which part of the concentration of 1% versus 5% tear gas (CS) is better, since most of the damage comes from the firing range. The effects of CS smoke or aerosol and exposure via inhalation were studied and aerosol when produced by thermal dispersion with a size of 0.5um in methylene chloride solvent. The study was conducted on volunteers for 90 minutes in an area of 0.5-1 mg/m3. Symptoms of burns in the mouth, breathing and burning as well as chest tightness Read related news Police spray water mixed with tear gas to extract mass After approaching a barricade near Parliament, a group of people passed through a barricade and water cannon truck. In front of Parliament, police used ammunition to control the assembly - collect evidence of the collision.  
Chang'e 5 capsule takes rock samples from the moon back to Earth.|Dr. S. Chang'er 5's lunar soil and rock samples have landed on Earth by collecting about 2 kilograms of samples from the moon, making China the third country to successfully bring rocks and soil from the moon back to Earth yesterday (December 17, 2020). The National Astronomical Research Institute (NRI) published a message on Facebook. The Chang'er 5 lunar soil and rock samples capsule has landed on Earth, the ministry said. Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Northern China The capsule recovered about 2 kilograms of samples from the moon, more than the former Soviet Union's Luna 24 that brought back 170 grams of samples from the moon 44 years before the Chang'e 5 lander successfully landed on the moon at Mons Rümker in the Oceanus Procellarum, the largest dark plain basin on the moon. On December 1, 2020. The craft consists of solar panels for energy generation, cameras, radar for monitoring the subsurface and spectral photographic equipment of the surrounding lunar surface. The samples were taken into space (Attached Ascent Vehicle) and taken off from the moon. On 3 Dec 2020 The launch of the sample launch damaged the lander and stopped working, but it did not have much impact on the original plan. As planned, the lander will cease operations on Dec. 11 when the landing site enters a dark area of the moon during the night when soil and rock samples are sent into space. It connected to a craft orbiting the moon, then launched a capsule filled with earth and rocks back to Earth. The success of Chang'e 5 makes China the third country to successfully bring rocks and soil from the moon back to Earth. The rocks at Mount Rümker where Chang'er 5 landed are about 1.2 billion years old, filling gaps between aged rocks on other parts of the moon, such as those obtained from the U.S. Apollo program. It is about 3 billion years old, and rocks from young craters are more than 1 billion years old. 
4 Astronomical phenomena 6 Featured Technologies of '64 |Dr. Dr. reveals 10 outstanding astronomy stories in 2021, found 4 interesting phenomena is the moon blocking Mars on April 17, 2021 Full moon - far from Earth during the year on April 27 and December 19, 2021 Partial lunar eclipse on May 26, 2021, including dark sky reserves in Thailand, foreign extraterrestrial exploration today (December 18, 2020) The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) discusses interesting astronomical phenomena in 2021 and astronomical technology will begin to play a greater role. This includes developing the capacity of Thai personnel, upgrading research and technology in the country, and inspiring science among youth. Here's how: Open an astronomy lab for students. student It is used by the general public as a learning exchange space. Create works, extend ideas to invent workpieces. Supports state-of-the-art hardware and software equipment with high quality and performance With experts to guide the use to create innovative prototype technology. Enhance high-tech competitiveness Empower the country's workforce to be able to expand into the industrial or business sectors. Establishment of the Optical and Photonics Technology Development Center There is a laboratory. It is located within Sirindhorn Astronomical Park. To design, develop and manufacture visual tools or equipment. Modern science develops the potential of optical personnel and high-potential optics technology for astronomical applications. Space Technology National Defense and Observatory in collaboration with Prince of Songkla University Focusing on innovation for industrial applications, the new exhibition series Astronomy Insight and the Northern Science Square were opened at Sirindhorn Astronomical Park. Mae Rim, Chiang Mai Invite you to be amazed by the new exhibition zones, such as the Room of the Universe, Black Hole. Pinhole Camera Solar Eclipse in Thailand in the Next 100 Years and Northern Science Square In collaboration with the National Science Museum, we will create a science career learning space and creative development resources for youth. It is expected to open in early 2021.  
Solve the mystery of the age of "ampang whale" Indicates 3,380 years ago, "Ban Phaew" was the sea.|Director-General, Department of Mineral Resources Unveiling the age mystery of "amber whale bones" Based on carbon 14 AMS age, ampang whales were found to be 3,380 years old. Ampang In the past, it was the sea before today (26 Jan 2021). Mr. Sommai Tejwal Director-General, Department of Mineral Resources Revealed that after the Department of Mineral Resources team went to excavate in the area. Ampang And move the whale skeleton for the conservation of specimens at the National Geological Museum in Chalermprakiat, Pathum Thani Province. At the same time, a bone sample of approximately 100 grams of fractured skull was sent to the laboratory for age analysis by studying carbon-14 (C-14). In the middle of the month Last Jan. The Department of Mineral Resources has conserved the 128th last whale skeleton specimen, a cranial splint and two ear bones, which are important pieces in identifying ancient genetics and whale evolution. The upper jaw (left-right) and three additional finger fragments were also found. A total of 138 samples were taken after the submission of ampang whale bone samples for analysis to determine the age of the whale. The Department of Mineral Resources has been informed by Beta Co., Ltd., USA, a leading laboratory for carbon age determination 14 AMS, that the amber whale is 3,380 years old. The age of amber whale bones has led to evidence indicating that the area Ampang It is a marine about 3,380 years ago, which explains the ancient ecological conditions with the diversity of living organisms including sharks, stingrays, double clams, single clams, and the ancient marine sediment hierarchy of the Central Plains. Read related news, good news! Skull-jaw found on fossil "amber whale"127 Fossil piece "Ampang whale" Help unravel past traces  
Know "Rapid Analysis" in just 2 hours. Know your COVID-19 test result |Get to know the "Special Express Result Analysis Vehicle", a mobile vehicle that analyzes COVID-19 results quickly, accurately, safely, and knows the results within 2 hours and can work as a One Stop Service, a work from the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, to meet His Majesty's initiative. Pilot inspection at NBT and Samut Sakhon Today (29 Jan 2021) Chulalongkorn University Facebook page publishes the work of the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University. In response to the initiative of His Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen, the importance of rapid analysis of laboratory results is emphasized. By creating a "Prototype Express Analysis Mobile Unit" to be a mobile laboratory to conduct COVID-19 analysis outside hospitals or agencies, reducing sample transportation problems and time by launching in conjunction with biosafety sampling vehicles. The first and most recent on-site search for NBT was deployed in Samut Sakhon province, which faced the COVID-19 pandemic. It has a living area of 16.8 square meters, consisting of 3 main rooms. Analytical preparation room and analysis room with DNA DNA enrichment technique by polymerase reaction There is also a changing room and buffer room to control and prevent leakage of germs. PCR cabinet Automatic Genetic Extraction Machine DNA Excipients by Polymerase (Real-time PCR), Freezer -20°C Refrigeration cabinet 4 degrees Celsius Sample delivery channel Mixing shaker Precipitation centrifuge Micropipette UV sterilization system Two-way communication It can be used to analyze other infections analyzed by PCR technique and used in the event of a disaster or emergency in order to help people in a timely manner. The prototype of this ultra-rapid analysis vehicle has been certified by the Department of Medical Sciences. The budget is 7.5 million baht per car. Prof. Dr. Supoj Tejworasinsakul Dean of the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, said that this ultra-fast analysis vehicle, the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, welcomed His Majesty the King's initiative to produce this car.  Able to work in one stop service by applying knowledge and technology to meet the same standards as the laboratories of the Department of Medical Sciences and the Department of Disease Control for maximum safety by being able to know the results within 2 hours, reducing worries for suspected infections, Dean of the Faculty of Engineering In other words, innovation doesn't start in a day. The Faculty of Engineering has been developing innovations for a long time. When COVID-19 hits, innovations such as robots can be adapted to meet the needs of healthcare professionals. Thailand faces disparities in access to healthcare. Especially people living in remote areas. The Faculty of Engineering continues to develop robots to create a more complete telemedicine system. Chair of the Multidisciplinary Program in Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, who developed the ultra-fast analysis vehicle, said that the specialty of this car is that it is a mobile laboratory with safety standards and accuracy comparable to conventional laboratories. It is certified by the Department of Medical Sciences. In regard to safety standards. Sampling and analysis at the ultra-fast analysis vehicle will provide quick results. The equipment inside the car meets the standards of the Department of Disease Control. Ministry of Public Health Dr. Vijayan Pawan, director of the Urban Institute of Disease Control, Department of Disease Control, Ministry of Public Health, said the rapid analysis vehicle Use it with a biosafety sampling vehicle to proactively search for patients, reducing the problem of transporting specimens into Bangkok or neighboring provinces that require a long time. The operation inside the car is like a factory belt system, both for extraction and analysis, it is estimated that 800–1,000 samples can be examined in 8 hours. sample Putting the car into practice in Samut Sakhon province this time will ensure safety and end the problem of disease outbreak in Samut Sakhon province as soon as possible. 
Satellite image of COVID-19 "lockdown" Thailand Pollution Reduction|Jisda NASA's Aura satellite images show that COVID-19 lockdowns resulted in fewer pollutants, especially nitrogen dioxide, in 2020 than in 2019 due to human activities such as fuel combustion. Factory, Transportation Travel was disrupted today (February 3, 2021), reporters reported that the GISTDA Facebook page, the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization), released new wave of COVID-19 satellite images and the changing air pollution in 2020. He stated that 2020 was the year that the world population experienced the COVID-19 pandemic, even Thailand. Dealing with situations that arise Various measures have been implemented to manage and control the COVID-19 outbreak since March 2020, one of which is "lockdown", which has resulted in economic and social shutdowns. Activities are disrupted, such as gathering together for activities. The closure of shopping malls, restaurants, and reduced road transport, as well as the promotion of "Stay at Home, Stop Infection, for the Nation", have significantly reduced activities. The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or GISTDA has continuously monitored various related situations. Due to the COVID-19 situation, during the lockdown, Changes on the earth that can be clearly seen from satellite imagery are nitrogen dioxide caused by transportation and vehicles, such as pollution from the exhaust pipes of automobiles. The Ozone Monitoring Instrument (OMI) satellite image installed on NASA's Aura satellite can measure nitrogen dioxide by comparing monthly between 2019 and 2020. Measures have become flexible, relaxed, and some locks have been removed. Since after May. It is starting to be close to nitrogen dioxide. In 2019, for a new wave of the pandemic at the end of 2020, although the government did not announce a lockdown, it tasked each province to impose appropriate measures. In addition, many activities have been modified. Activities to be more online As a result, nitrogen dioxide values During December 2020 down from 2019 again. Nitrogen dioxide or nitrogen dioxide is one of the indicators of air quality. Nitrogen dioxide has a high potential to pollute, so it is considered one of the gases that pollute the air and is harmful to humans. Nitrogen dioxide and oxides of nitrogen cause respiratory diseases and lung damage if administered in an acute way. It increases the risk of chronic disease if taken in the long term, and also leads to the formation of PM2.5 and ozone. Air pollution plays an important role in public health impacts. 
Perseverance explores "Maas" The first Mars rock|"Máaz," the first Mars rock that NASA's Perseverance probe will begin scientifically explored, is a Navajo word for one of the large Native American groups in the U.S. that means "Mars." Today (March 15, 2021) National Astronomical Research Institute "Máaz" is the name of the first Mars rock that NASA's Perseverance probe will begin scientifically exploration. It was one of a large group of Native Americans in the U.S. during a mission on the Martian surface. Team members are tasked with giving nicknames to features on the star's surface, such as rocks. In the past, it was named after a geological area on Earth. Names of people and places related to the expedition These names are used informally within mission control teams. While the official topographic name is named by the International Astronomical Federation. Read related news "NASA" From the Jezero crater, Perseverance landed on the Martian surface before Perseverance launched into space. Perseverance's team of officials divided the area in the Jezero crater (where Perseverans landed) into square grid squares, each with an area of 1.5 square kilometers. The Perseverance team will name these grid channels after national parks and reserves on Earth with nearby geological features. Perseverans landed on the Tséyi' grid, the Navajo name of the Canyon de Chelly National Monument in Arizona, at the heart of the Navajo Nation area. Before making a list of names related to the park's name, then use it to give nicknames to those featured on the star's surface. The scientists in the project will work with Navajo engineers working on the team to coordinate permission and cooperation from the Navajo Indigenous groups to name things on the Martian surface. Some names derive from the surface features of the landing site in Perseverance photographs, such as "tséwózí bee hazhmeezh" meaning "rows of pebbles rolling like waves", and other Navajo words like "bidziil" meaning "power, strength" and "hoł nilį́" meaning "respect". Jonathan Nez, president of the Navajo Indigenous Peoples, said the collaboration between the Navajo people and NASA promotes the conservation and revival of the Navajo language. It is hoped that the introduction of the Navajo word in the Perseverance mission will encourage a new generation of Navajo youth to realize the importance of language learning of ethnic groups when their strengths are met. On the surface of Mars explored by Perseverance, nicknamed Navajo, problems arise from the Navajo phonetic writing system, which, although romanized as in English, will have diacritics added, including phonetic compression pronunciation (e.g. ch' k' kw' tł' ts'). Tonal sounds (e.g. á á é éé) and nasal sounds (e.g. ą ąą ę ęę) made the computers used by Perseverance unreadable for the Perseverance scientists. To choose a word to nickname Mars highlights in accordance with the geological features along with the meaning of the words people have already used! Image and name of the first object on the Martian surface #รถสํารวจเพอร์เซเวียแรนส์ will explore "Máz"... 
Scientist points to dinosaur "T. Rex" In the past, there were 2,500 million of them.|Scientists in the United States conducted a study of the number of Tyrannosaurus dinosaurs. Rex or T. Rex? In the past It has been found that this giant carnivorous dinosaur species may have numbered as many as 2.5 billion worldwide.
Today (16 Apr 2021) Director of the Museum of Paleontology, University of California Experts use methods to calculate factors such as size, body mass, Growth form Reproductive age and life expectancy It was found that the number of T-rex dinosaurs is estimated to be as many as 2.5 billion. For 2.4 million years, they have lived on Earth in western North America. At the peak of the dinosaur race's heyday, experts estimate that there will be about 20,000 adult T-rex at each time before gradually growing and dying. It is estimated that there is one T-Rex per area of about 100 square kilometers, but may be constantly moving in pursuit of prey. The latest study of the T. Rex dinosaur also determined that an adult T. Rex weighs around 5.2 tons and has an average life expectancy of around 28 years.
Thai Research Develops New Alternative "Zinc-ion Battery" |NSTDA-CU-M.Sc. Introducing "Zinc-ion Battery", a new alternative battery that is safe and environmentally friendly. Reduce the use of raw materials from rare lithium and heavy metals today (21 April 2021) Dr. Sivarak Sivamokstham Director, Center for Technology for National Security and Commercial Applications (NSD), NSTDA. Today, the most popular commercial battery is lithium-ion batteries because they are the most efficient technology to store energy compared to the weight of the battery. Suitable for use with devices that require easy portability. But there is also a safety concern, as the production of this type of battery uses organic electrolyte, which is toxic and flammable. In addition, lithium-ion batteries contain heavy metals. Currently, it is disposed of by landfill, but if it is used in large numbers, there is a chance of toxic substances leaking into the environment. It's not just a security issue. The development of lithium battery technology in Thailand also relies heavily on foreign dependence. Because Thailand does not have lithium production resources. All must be imported from abroad, while lithium resources are also rare earths. If there is a large demand to build electricity storage systems from renewable sources of electricity, including the production of electric vehicles, it may cause shortages and conflicts over resources in the future. Warn Tranon NSD Researcher, NSTDA. He said NSTDA, together with Chulalongkorn University and the Department of Defence Science and Technology Develop "zinc-ion battery", a new, safe and environmentally friendly alternative battery. Researchers have introduced graphene technology to improve battery charge retention efficiency. It has a capacitance of up to 180-200 mAh/g and an energy density in the range of 180-200 Wh/kg, provides a voltage of 1.2–1.4 volts, can last more than 1,000 cycles, has higher energy density efficiency than lead-acid batteries, and is comparable to some lithium-ion batteries. 
China sends 3 pilots aboard space station for first time in 5 years|China's space agency launched the Zhengzhou 12 spacecraft with a team of three astronauts aboard the Chinese space station, marking its first landing on the space station in five years today (June 17, 2021). Take off from Jiu Xuan Launch Base in the Gobi Desert The mission was to test and maintain the space station's systems and scientific tests, marking the first flight of astronauts to China's space station in nearly five years and the longest-running mission. The success of sending a team of astronauts to Tiangong Station is a mission that means a lot to Beijing as July 1 will coincide with the 100th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party.
Nanotech Develops Antigen Rapid Test Kit to Get Results in 15 Minutes|Complete! Nanotech Researcher Development of NANO COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test, a rapid COVID-19 screening test kit with LFA technique. Get results in 15 minutes, reducing the workload of healthcare workers during the crisis. Today (23 July 2021) Dr. Wannee Chinsirikul Director of National Nanotechnology Center, NSTDA. Dr. Nattapapat Viriyachaiporn said that the Nano COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test is an extension of the NanoFlu platform or influenza virus screening kit. Nanoscale Response Materials Research Team Nanoscale Responsive Materials and Sensors Research Group, Nanotech, NSTDA. Seeing opportunities and the need for further development Screening kits for COVID-19 have been discussed. Dr. Duanphen Japrung Director of Nanoscale Response Materials and Sensors Research Group To move forward with research immediately, the NANO COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test (LFA) or NANO COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test. It relies on the principle of horizontal flow and the specific binding of molecules that are specific to the coronavirus protein. The molecules will be labeled with special responsive nanomaterials, together with the development and conditioning of various elements in the test kit to signal/boost the signal until the signal can be read within 15 minutes of dozens of attempts to select biomolecules specific to the coronavirus and develop them to the optimal composition and conditions until they are the latest prototype test kits. In the test to apply for manufacturer registration and medical device registration with the FDA, the efficacy test results against molecular methods showed that it can detect antigens or the novel coronavirus. It has a sensitivity of 98% and specificity of up to 100%. The highlight of NANO COVID-19 Antigen Rapid Test is that it can show clear results without complicated procedures or tools to interpret results compared to other laboratory methods. Quick and convenient Results are available within 15 minutes, making it available at any location (Point of Care) for screening with many people. Convenience and speed will reduce the number of patients who need RT-PCR (Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction) which takes about 24-48 hours. procedure Reduce the workload in the public health system, including staff, Dr. Wannee He added that the management and research team are currently pushing forward the issue of technology transfer and the utilization model of the test kits. After this innovation has passed the FDA's performance assessment in order to achieve the fastest implementation. Meet the demand for use in times of crisis by believing that screening can be done sooner. Helping people access treatment faster is one tool that can help solve this crisis faster. NSTDA. He said that this innovation is comparative price, but Thailand can produce it domestically, a self-reliant innovation that answers Thailand's public health security concerns. 
Amazon billionaire Jeff Bezos successfully boarded a space rocket.|"Jeff Bezos", the richest billionaire in the world Amazon's founder, along with three crew members, took off into space from a launch pad in Texas and safely landed back on Earth today (July 21, 2021). The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRI) published the message on Facebook. On July 20, 2021 The New Shepard rocket took Jeff Bezos, the world's richest billionaire, along with three crew members, into space and safely landed back on Earth. Blue Origin is a space technology company whose primary purpose is to provide suborbital flights that take it into space and then back to Earth. Founded by Jeff Bezos, the world's No. 1 billionaire, Amazon's founder on the flight, consisting of brothers Jeff Bezos and Mark Bezos, as well as Wally Funk, 82, and Oliver Daemen, 18, soared into space from a launch pad in Texas, USA. The New Shepard rocket launched into space at around 8:12 p.m. local time, then two minutes later. The capsule carrying the four crew members separated and continued to soar to an altitude of about 100 kilometers above the Earth's surface, at an altitude called the Karman Line, which is the boundary between the Earth's atmosphere and space. The detached rocket was also able to safely land on the launch pad. With a total flight duration of about 11 minutes, the flight also broke the record, marking the first competition in the commercial space business. Meanwhile, Elon Musk's SpaceX company plans to tour the International Space Station early next year. References: [1] https://www.blueorigin.com/new.../first-human-flight-updates[2] https://phys.org/.../2021-07-world-richest-jeff-bezos... 
CyberDog, the new generation of dog robots Under the concept of open-source robot development.|China launches CyberDog, a dog robot under the concept of developing an open-source robot that moves maneuverably and runs at a speed of 3.2 meters per second. The launch of the new dog robot comes just a year after the launch of the company's famous spot dog robot in the United States. Weighing only 3 kilograms, the small robot controls the robot's movement using the NVIDIA Jetson Xavier platform. 11 high-precision sensors Ultrasonic sensor High-contrast camera and wide-angle fisheye lens camera Panoramic Camera LiDAR technology camera also has a RealSense D450 camera for checking image depth. In the first phase, only 1,000 CyberDog robots will be created and allow developers from around the world who are passionate about robotics to participate in robot development. The CyberDog robot is around 9,999 yuan, or about 1,540 U.S. dollars, almost 50 times cheaper than the Spot robot. The Spot robot costs around $74,500.The company has not yet launched a long-term plan to operate the CyberDog robot. security Home entertainment activities, including use in combat war missions. With an open mind for robot developers, CyberDog may be able to give dog robots an unprecedented twist. 
AOD countered the vaccination and was magnetic. The spoon sticks to the arm purely because of "sweat".|"Assoc. Prof. Dr. Virachai Puttawong" or A.A.Od Viral foreign vaccination against COVID-19 is magnetic. Sweat and metal contact surfaces are adhesion by bonding forces between the skins, not about vaccines but "pure sweat", as cases have gone viral abroad about post-COVID-19 vaccination issues. Metal objects can be attached to the arm where the vaccine was last vaccinated. Assoc.Prof.Dr.Virachai Puttawong Professor of Chemistry, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Kasetsart University, explained about this issue by demonstrating the experiment of bringing coins. Put a spoon or phone on your arm after vaccination to see if anyone can do it. Assoc. Prof. Dr. Virachai stated that the simple explanation for this event is that sweat and metal contact surfaces are bound together by the bonding force between the skin. When the torso is sticky, the object sticks. As before,  Assoc.Prof.Dr.Jesada Denduangbriphan Professor of Biology, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Jessada Denduangboripant posted a message on Facebook. There are rumors abroad about "COVID-19 vaccination and making it a magnetic human". Now in Thailand, people are starting to believe these things. Ready to experiment with cutlery to stick to the arm to show each other, which is actually sticky. According to skin sweat, experts say that the needle used to vaccinate against COVID-19 is very small, even a fraction of a millimeter. At the same time, shared clips can be easily fooled because our skin can take metals and objects and paste them to them. When the skin is quite viscous, high in fat, such as sweating, or even more fake, when filming a video, you can apply sticky glue to it.  
England - Norway connects power through the longest underwater cable in the world|English-Norwegian Connect power via the world's longest submarine cable In the North Sea Link project to help the two countries become energy self-sufficient during the winter months, the impact of Britain's withdrawal from the European Union (Brexit) has resulted in energy and labour shortages. When combined with the rising price of energy during the winter months. This makes Britons worried that they may not have enough energy. North Sea Link is an energy exchange program between the UK and Norway. Construction began in 2014 and will be completed by 2021 as the 724-kilometre-long submarine cable, the longest cable in the world, through a 2.3-kilometre-long tunnel through the mountains near Norway's Kvilldal power plant, whose terminus stops at Blyth, a small town on the east coast of England. is to help both countries have sufficient energy consumption. It focuses on renewable energy sources such as wind and hydropower, which are energy that both countries can produce. The energy produced in Norway is hydropower, while wind power is the energy produced more in the UK if a country needs more energy. It can exchange energy from another country, or any period that can produce more energy than it needs. It can transfer energy to another country. In addition to the North Sea Link project helping to manage supply and demand fluctuations in energy consumption, it will also help push the UK to achieve its carbon footprint targets. by 2050. Because the energy used is renewable energy that comes from nature and enough to supply 1.4 million households, it does not have to rely on fossil-derived energy or energy that causes combustion, which can cause environmental impacts." Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Hit the set! Behind "Bangkok", Thailand's First Genderless Virtual Influencer|Who would have thought that one day I would be interviewed with a Virtual Influencer, but when the opportunity came, ThaiPBS Online did not delay. Arrive at the studio bda.world.service team, owner of bangkoknaughtyboo, creator of "Bangkok" Virtual Influencer, gender-free or non-binary. Thailand's First Q: Hello Bangkok: Hello Q : Please introduce yourself: My name is Bangkok, I am 17 years old forever, but I was born 1 year ago. It's a pleasure to talk to Thai PBS News today. What kind of person is Bangkok?: Bang is naughty, um, regardless of gender and is a global citizen. This short conversation is happening in the imagination of the news team and the bda.world.service team with the creation of "Bangkok" sitting on an empty chair, as if we were actually talking. The process takes about 1-2 weeks, and the images that come to our mind become video clips to watch before we get there. Now that you've arrived at your stronghold, it's both set and edited. Thai PBS Online would like to stick to the behind-the-scenes edge of the screen before becoming a Virtual Influencer. Mook-Nichkarn Rattanasaengsatien, 3D Artist in bangkoknaughtyboo project, who is designing "Bangkok" eyelashes for a new collection photoshoot, tells us about the process of creating a virtual influencer. It was born from the collection of teenage surrogate prototypes. Before importing information into the program about creating a face for Bangkok design. After getting the model looks like It enters the stage of skin development, pores. Cracks of the mouth Hair, eyebrows, eyelashes and eyeballs, which require multiple programs and are constantly developed into details to be as human as possible. Meanwhile, When accepting a brand job, you will have to assign a character to match the product or clothing and then set out to take the actual photo. The images are then taken to a computer before mapping Bangkok into the photo. The most difficult point is the twinkle in the eye, which must reflect the real place in order to look as real as possible even though it was developed by hand, but Muk-Nichkarn said that today "Bangkok" is not even close to 100% development because Bangkok is still a Virtual Influencer, half Computer Generated Imagery (CGI) and half human. Meanwhile, Bangkok's dream is to become a world-class POP Star. Another key challenge for developers is to make Bangkok move. You can dance. You can sing. CGI should be technically difficult to make them move as beautiful as humans or characters." After knowing the process of creating "Bangkok" to become a virtual influencer, Thai PBS Online moved to ask about the origin of "Bangkok" and Beam-Adisak. Jirasakkasem, project owner, bangkoknaughtyboo To get to know the identity of a Virtual Influencer "Lil Miquela", a virtual influencer from the United States, was the main inspiration that gave the team the idea to create a virtual influencer. Beam-Adisak started inviting friends he knew to start a project with the goal of wanting "Bangkok" to be the character center of modern youth in Bangkok, although today we call Bangkok a Virtual Influencer and Bangkok started to enter the industry as a model, but Bangkok's dream is like that of other children who want to become world-famous singers. When the goal is clear. Since then, the team has gradually created a Bangkok identity for everyone to follow and get to know through Instagram. Accept that the influencer market is now fiercely competitive because anyone can be an influencer. Creating your own story well is another important selling point.  Bangkok as a Virtual Influencer is 1 selling point, and then Bangkok launches as a non-binary as another selling point by giving Bangkok genderless. Non-binary is a trend that is coming abroad. Although "Bangkok" still has not much work to come in, the creators believe that Bangkok will be able to compete with other influencers with strengths that are more flexible than humans. You can set that Bangkok is 17 years old forever, or that you can set that you can eat delicious food tomorrow. Using CGI "Fair computer graphics, it's very creative, so it's fun here, but the downside is that we have to use a big team and a lot of budget." A post shared by Bangkok (@bangkoknaughtyboo) It's not just a virtual influencer. But the bangkoknaughtyboo project team has also developed "Fire Lotus Flower", an artist based on computer graphics or 100% CGI. At the same time, the design develops various details and offers an unimaginable perspective. If the fire lotus is defined as musicians and artists who make their own art online. In the past, the fire lotus has already produced remixes in the real world. In the future, you may see real works of the fire lotus in the real world as artists, working with human artists to display images in galleries for people to walk through. While the fire lotus may be depicted in another world that does not exist in parallel, Ek-Varanath sees that when using 100% CGI technique. Help break down restrictions on the use of physical locations Stan-in can now break down the barriers of thought and imagination without limitation. "Do you want it to be a ghost popping into the opening, or do you want it to be an otter mother stretching out your hand? It can be called another color in the art industry in the digital age of Thailand that must be watched further. For this far-future digital artist, a post shared by Fire Lotus (@firelotus3301) Read related newsInfluencer market in the digital age with the future "Virtual Vs Humans", a new trend Virtual Influencer is coming Agency launches Thai girl "Irene"   
 FDA Certifies COVID-19 SELF TEST Kit from Nanotech |NANOTECH NSTDA'S COVID-19 SELF TEST KIT PASSED THE TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT FROM FDA TODAY (20 OCT 2021) After successfully developing professional use COVID-19 screening kits for healthcare workers. Researcher, National Nanotechnology Center (Nanotech), National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) EXTENDING TO COVID-19 SELF-SCREENING TEST KITS OR SELF-TEST USING LFA TECHNIQUES, WHICH HAVE SUCCESSFULLY PASSED THE FDA TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT. It hopes to be an alternative to screening infected people to reduce the workload of healthcare workers. Private timber forwarding Expand production capacity to support market demand Nattapapat Viriyachaiporn Nanoscale Response Materials Research Team Nanoscale Responsive Materials and Sensors Research Group, Nanotech, NSTDA. As the head of the research team, he said that the NANO Covid-19 Antigen Rapid Test, both professional use and SELF-TEST, is a rapid COVID-19 antigen test (LFA) or NANO Covid-19 Antigen Rapid Test that relies on the principle of horizontal flow and molecular binding that is specific to the coronavirus protein. The molecules are labeled with special responsive nanomaterials, together with the development and conditioning of various elements in the test kit to signal/boost the signal until the signal can be read within 15 minutes. "After we finished developing the professional use test kit, the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic has increased, especially during July. The government's policy that emphasizes the importance of expanding people's access to COVID-19 screening kits has been approved. Therefore, nanotech has approved the use of COVID-19 self-test kits, or many people call them home use or self-test, which Nanotech itself sees as important to help transform research into SELF TEST kits." Dr. Nattapapasorn revealed that nanotech researchers point out that the NANO Covid-19 Antigen Rapid Test, both professional use and self-test, has been approved. The principle of rapid antigen detection (LFA technique) is the same, but the difference is that the professional use model where the screener is an expert and the sampling rod is more special in terms of length and flexibility to allow the sample to be collected in a deep position. While the SELF TEST will interpret the results directly from the test kit by the user, whether it is a COVID-19 screening kit, a professional use or a SELF TEST, Dr. Nuttapapat emphasized that if the test result is positive by the Antigen Rapid Test, it must be confirmed by the method of analogy or RT-PCR to confirm again. SELF-TEST: USERS CAN TEST THEMSELVES AT HOME BY INSERTING A SAMPLING STICK INTO THE NASAL CAVITY (1.5-2.5 CENTIMETERS DEEP). Turn the sampling rod to smear the entire nasal cavity 5 times to the left and 5 to the right. Repeat with the other nasal cavity. Dip the sampling stick in the test kit reagent tube for 1 minute by squeezing the tip of the sampling stick and pulling out the sampling rod. Close the test kit reagent ampoule for another 1 minute, then prepare for the test by placing the test cartridge on a clean, even, flat surface. Squeeze a tube containing 5 drops of sample mixture onto the dropper of the test kit and wait 15 minutes to read the result"The challenge of the innovative COVID-19 screening kit that we have developed is to understand its use because the characteristics of both professional use and SELF TEST kits are almost the same in almost everything, including various test kits on the market. Dr. Nuttappasorn said, pointing out that educating users is therefore very necessary. Nanotech has prepared documentation for medical devices and supporting materials which can be downloaded from the QR Code. From 1 pack of 10 kits, it will be 1 pack 1 set Currently, the NANO Covid-19 Antigen Rapid Test, both Professional Use and SELF TEST, has passed the Technology Assessment of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on July 21 and September 28, 2021, respectively. Director, National Nanotechnology Center (Nanotech), NSTDA. He said that the COVID-19 self-test kit will be an important cog for lifestyle and activities during the COVID-19 situation, in line with government policies that are prepared to reopen the country, including various easing measures to keep the economy moving. "It is important that highly effective COVID-19 self-screening kits are an important aid to the country's public health system. Helps screen effectively Allowing infected people to enter quarantine or medical treatment in a timely manner Reduce transmission to others," the Nanotech director emphasized.
Microneedles patches to treat wounds, reduce infections, prevent chronic wounds.|A research team from Purdue University developed microneedles that help reduce infections without causing chronic wounds. A research team from Purdue University, USA, has developed microneedles to prevent wounds from becoming chronically infected. This work is currently in the process of conducting experiments and filing a patent for biofilm as a thin tissue sheet. It is characterized by mucus created by bacteria present in the wound. The wound is difficult to heal because the biofilm mucus blocks various antiseptics and antibiotics, causing more infections to the point of drug resistance. Especially those who have diabetes and have chronic wounds. This causes the wound to become infected and may spread to other areas. The method used by the doctor to manage the biofilm in the patient's wound. Microneedles are the brainchild of a research team from Purdue University in the United States, led by Assistant Professor Rahim Rahimi, who has developed a technology to treat infected wounds more efficiently and patients less injured. Microneedles are made from flexible polymer composites that resemble many small needles. These needles penetrate the biofilm mucus into the wound tissue to pass the disinfectant down to help heal the wound. Experiments with pigs in the laboratory showed that microneedles can be passed through calcium peroxide disinfectant through the biofilm layer to the tissue in just 5 minutes, and oxygen is then produced to help kill bacteria and cause tissue regeneration. It does not cause chronic wounds, although no trials have been conducted. But in the future, the research team is prepared to conduct such experiments and is confident that if the experiment is successful, patients will have a better quality of life and no www.purdue.edu longer have to suffer from painful wounds. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
PacMotor Motor Kayak Paddle farther but less tired.|PacMotor, a kayaking device that allows players to paddle farther but with less effort, and remotely controlled. A US-based start-up has developed PacMotor, a kayaking device that will help players get tired of less exertion but can paddle farther. It is an electric motor for use on kayaks that not only helps buoy paddle but also improves safety during activities. This device is attached to the hull. Users can choose to use it according to their needs. There are three main components of the PacMotor device: the dual motors that are mounted on the kayak body at the back of the player, and the lithium-ion battery power. Charging time 3 hours, running at a speed of 10 km/h In addition, there is a wireless waterproof control (Bluetooth) that can be remotely operated by the propeller motor, once installed on the kayak hull, it resembles both arms. When using the PacMotor propellers, users can choose to operate propellers that are underwater on both sides or just one, and users can also lift the foldable propellers above the water when they want to paddle with their own force. It has a 30-foot remote control system that can be controlled by a remote control. So users don't have to worry about the remote dropping or falling into the water. Using the remote control allows users to freely perform activities such as sightseeing, taking photos, or even fishing without fear of losing control or going the wrong way. It can also be used in emergencies, such as calling for help when the body is injured but does not have the strength to paddle to the rescue point, or wants to use the speed to escape from dangerous animals in the water newatlas.com pacmotor.com. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech  
Research shows that during COVID-19, more than 25,900 tons of plastic waste were found in the oceans.|Research shows that during the COVID-19 pandemic, more than 25,900 tons of plastic waste were dumped into the ocean, researchers from Nanjing University, China. A study on the demand for plastic during the COVID-19 pandemic was published in the online journal PNAS, which found that more than 25,900 tonnes of plastic were dumped into the oceans, of which 87.4% were single-use plastic waste that was not properly restricted. Using studies from 193 countries, the research found that waste was separated by origin into countries such as Asia (46%), Europe (24%), and North and South America (22%). In addition, plastic packaging from online shopping has increased during lockdowns in cities, with more plastic waste flowing into the ocean from 369 major rivers, especially the Yangtze River in China. According to modelling studies, it takes about 3-4 years for plastic waste to spread along the coast before floating out into the ocean. About 70.5% of garbage is scattered on the coast and about 28.8% of garbage sinks to the bottom of the sea. Governments in each country should give priority to the disposal of garbage in rivers and canals. Promote waste recycling and use biodegradable or eco-friendly materials. The ocean is a large ecosystem, it is associated with many species of life, both in ocean habitats and on the mainland designboom.com. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
4 Advantages of Using 3D Food Printer Technology in Food Industry|3D food printing technology is a form of food production to meet consumer demand. As well as other side benefits of this technology, the diverse needs of consumers. As a result, the food production industry continues to grow, both in quantity and quality, especially 3D food printing technology, which may become one of the forms of food production to meet the needs and create more choices for consumers. Whether it is not consuming meat. Healthy food choices or even health restrictions make it necessary to choose the right food for yourself. Using 3D Food Printer technology, consumers can choose the right food and nutrients for themselves, the cost of raw materials and long distance are factors that make food expensive. The adoption of 3D food printing technology reduces production costs, giving end-end consumers the opportunity to eat food with the same taste. The capabilities of 3D food printers are not only a new avenue for human food production on Earth. It is also a source of food for astronauts on extraterrestrial missions. To provide astronauts with a nutritious, nutritious diet, certain food preparation steps, including eating leftovers. This creates waste and is a waste of resources without cost-effectiveness. But producing food using 3D printing technology will allow resources to be used without wasting them. By turning it into raw materials for food production with 3D Food Printer, it helps to reduce food waste in one go.SourceData and images: Ukrainerol, ALL3DP.pro, 3DPrinting "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Photo Gallery "Venus" On the brightest night of the year. See you again Feb. 9 next year.|The National Institute of Astronomical Research includes images of Venus on its brightest night of the year, appearing side by side with the crescent moon, visible to the naked eye. National Astronomical Research Institute "Venus" on the brightest night of the year on the evening of December 7, 2021 appeared bright in the west alongside a thin crescent moon. It is evident in all regions of Thailand amid clear skies, cloudless visibility and cool weather except for the southern region which is during the monsoon period. Venus is at its brightest when it orbits at a reasonable distance from Earth and has a relatively large crescent size. In other periods, even though Venus has a thicker crescent, its position is very far from Earth, so its brightness decreases accordingly. After this, Venus' brightness will decrease slightly and will return to its brightest again on Feb. 9, 2022. In the east, before sunrise in the morning, Venus is the brightest planet in the sky and the second solar system planet next to Mercury. Venus' position in the sky is no more than 47 degrees from the Sun, so we can only observe Venus for a short time after the sun goes down or before sunrise. It never appears in the sky or in the middle of the night. If Venus appears in the sky in the early evening in the west. After the sun goes down Thai people call it the "city star", but if Venus appears in the early morning hours in the east, before sunrise. Thai people are called "Sparkling Stars".
Japan develops world's first dual bus "bus-train in one car"|Developer in Japan The world's first two bus systems, both bus and train, will be available at the end of the month. Dec 2021Japan launches DMV (Dual-mode Vehicle), the world's first dual-mode vehicle that can be both on the road and on wheels to run on tracks within seconds. It will be available in the Shikoku region at the end of the month. DMV (Dual-mode Vehicle) is a diesel-powered dual-mode vehicle manufactured by Asa Seaside Railway Corporation from Tokushima Prefecture in Japan, becoming the world's first vehicle to be both a bus and a train in the same vehicle. It can be run on flat roads and quickly switch to railroad tracks thanks to a special set of wheels installed under the car. The 50-kilometer-long route runs between Kaiyo City in Tokushima Prefecture and Muroto City in Kochi Prefecture. This makes it possible to quickly switch travel from road to track. In addition, DMVs are lighter than conventional trains, making them energy-efficient and easy to maintain. In addition to facilitating travel, we also want DMVs to help attract more tourists back to the area. After being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The bus service has been open for car tickets since December 2nd.SourceInformation and images: asatetu, japantimes, kalingatv"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
The world's first successful 3D printer implant|British man receives world's first 3D eye implant transplant It is known as the production of personalized artificial eyes that are more realistic and faster than other methods. Institute of Technology from Germany Together with a British company, the world's first 3D printer prosthetic eye was successfully transplanted for a British male patient. This development is the production of personalized eye implants that are faster and more realistic than the production of artificial eyes with other technologies. Moorfields NHS Foundation Trust in England has become the world's first patient to receive the world's first 3D printer artificial eye transplant. The production of artificial eyes with 3D printer technology is a joint development of Fraunhofer Institute for Computer Graphics Research, IGD from Germany, in collaboration with Ocupeye in England. Before transferring the data of the eye to the Cuttlefish:Eye software to print the prosthetic eye, the production of a personalized artificial eye made of traditional acrylic takes quite a long time to produce, as everything must be done by hand. The whole process takes only 2-3 weeks, the patient can use the new eye effectively, and a single printer can produce up to 10,000 prosthetic eyes. Both in terms of quantity and quality, data and image sources: IGD.Fraunhofer, engadget, 3dprintingmedia"Knowledgeable. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Solve the answer to the puzzle object. In the Mukdahan sky  |Dr. S. Expect mysterious objects emitting star-like light in the sky in Mukdahan province as "sky lanterns" or "balloons", not "meteors and satellites".   From the case of the image published on social media. A mysterious object emitting star-like light was found clearly visible during the day in Mukdahan province around 4.00 p.m. on December 22. Today (23 Dec 2021) Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon Head of Astronomy Academic Services The National Institute of Astronomical Research said the video shows a slow-moving object in the sky with a white reflective of the sun's light. The fact that we see objects is bright in the direction of light. Indicates that there is a reflection of light from the sun. The reflection of white color is common, it can be observed in various photographs, which are clearly distinguished from objects of the type From the video clip, we're pretty sure it's not a shooting star. "Shooting stars" are characterized by moving into the Earth's atmosphere in a straight line at relatively high speeds and will clearly rub into the burning atmosphere as a flash of light. Unlike the images seen in the aforementioned video clips, there is no friction in the atmosphere, and there is no flash of light, for the assumption that it is a "satellite" is improbable, since the satellite moves at a fairly fast rate. And we will observe satellites from the reflection of solar panels that reflect the sun's light back to Earth. In addition, low-orbit satellites orbit at a height of 350-2,000 kilometers above the Earth, at a higher altitude than meteors. Meteor-type objects rub in the atmosphere at an altitude of about 80-120 kilometers. It is very unlikely to be able to see satellite-type objects in the daytime with the naked eye.  
South Korea to launch world's largest curved "OLED" vertical display|Expect to discover the world's most curved vertical OLED display technology, with two variations and curvatures of 500R and 1,500R. The world's most curved vertical "OLED" display technology CES 2022 will take place from January 5 to 8, 2022 at Las Vegas, USA. This private company is one of the leading manufacturers of curved displays in the world and a display screen manufacturer for many IT brands around the world. Equipped with Cinematic Sound OLED technology, the audio-visual display screen can be displayed at the same time without the need to connect speakers. The upcoming "CES 2022" technology innovation expo will be held amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with a new pandemic likely to cause many companies to withdraw from attendance. However, many companies are still accepting exhibitors, but there are adjustments to their display formats to maintain physical distancing and limit the number of visitors to a reasonable amount. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Curiosities about "Einstein" that most people (probably) don't know yet|Albert Einstein is remembered by the equation E=mc2 and has many well-known works, but there may be many things that most people do not know about Einstein. One of his most memorable works to date is the equation E=mc2 in Special Relativity Theory, which led many to understand that Einstein was the one who invented the atomic bomb. The equation E=mc2 describes the relationship of energy and speed of light in Einstein's Special Relativity Theory and is linked to the creation of the atomic bomb. Einstein's equations and theories were merely concepts. Because the person who developed the atomic bomb was J. J. Robert Oppenheimer, an American physicist who led The Manhattan Project during World War II, while 5-year-old Einstein was lying sick in bed. What he received as a gift from his father was a magnetic compass, which became the starting point of doubt as to why the compass always turned north, no matter which way it was facing. The same goes for Einstein. Einstein was a vegetarian with health problems because he had stomach problems that forced him to give up eating hard-to-digest foods like meat, but there were still many who believed that Einstein chose to become a vegetarian himself. This led some to believe that Einstein had difficulty communicating and learned more slowly than other children. But after all, he became a genius when he grew up. What happened to Einstein's childhood education would not have been entirely problematic, because one of the things that made him look like a bad student was probably from the school's grade counting system at one point, and he was not only good at mathematics, but also at many of his favorite subjects: Interesting Engineering, Mental Floss, Inventionland. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Electric pontoon boat Reduce noise pollution, be environmentally friendly.|U.S. develops electric pontoon boats, reduces noise pollution, is environmentally friendly, solves lake shipping problems, water transportation technology companies collaborate with major automakers in the United States. Develop pontoon boats to ferry electric energy, reduce noise pollution, environmentally friendly. Solve the problem of lake boat transport from oil-powered vessels, emitting polluted air, creating noise. The electric pontoon boat is designed to be 7.5 meters long, enough to accommodate about 10 passengers. The drivetrain can choose between a single or dual 25kW electric motor and a 66kW lithium-powered battery. Vessel Speed The state of electrical power in the battery. Unlike conventional electric power boats that use wires or oil-powered boats that use shaft rotation, the connection between the boat steering wheel and the rudder can achieve a surface speed of about 24 kilometers per hour. It has a top speed of 50 kilometers per hour and a range of 160 kilometers on a single electric charge, but with dual electric motors, it can reach a surface of about 37 kilometers per hour and a top speed of 51.5 kilometers per hour. However, this electric boat takes almost 27 hours to charge with a 120-volt plug, but a 240-volt plug takes only 5 hours to charge. for single-motor models and $60,000 or about 2 million baht. For dual-motor models, interested persons can make reservations through the company's website. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Develop flexible sensors to record human brain activity to help diagnose diseases.|A team of scientists has developed a flexible sensor to record human brain activity to help diagnose brain symptoms by verifying the resolution of brain signals in the world. San Diego, who has successfully developed an electrocardiogram (ECoG) sensor, developed a flexible sensor to record human brain activity, help diagnose brain symptoms, and identify the tissue that originated epilepsy. A team of scientists developed a high-resolution nanoscale platinum sensor. Replace flat platinum sensors with lower resolution. 1,024 - 2,048 nanoscale platinum sensors are mounted on thin, highly flexible plates, the distance of each sensor is 10 micrometers, or about one-tenth the size of human hair. 19 To record the functioning of the human brain, it is a major breakthrough in the study of human brain function and the diagnosis of diseases. In the future, the team wants to develop sensors that can remain in the human brain for more than 30 days in order to record more detailed brain activity. It can be operated directly from the brain via wireless communication systemsSource: New Atlas "Knowledge" Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
SkyDrive, a certified Japanese flying car|Startups from Japan Japanese startup SkyDrive unveiled the SD-03 eVTOL flying car at CES 2022, marking its first international launch. After passing the test and being certified, it became Japan's first flying car. The launch at CES 2022 marks the first time SkyDrive has showcased the SD-03 flying vehicle and demonstrated it outside of Japan. The highlight of the eVTOL flying car is its compact size, lightweight, and can take off and land vertically with stability, thus creating mobility for SkyDrive passenger transportation. We want to develop a flying car that facilitates door-to-door access to all areas conveniently. The manufacturer demonstrated the SD-03 at CES 2022, which was the first time visitors could see it in action. After the release of the SD-03's test flight video during 2020, viewers can see every step from takeoff to landing, the SkyDrive flying car SD-03 is a one-seat, 8-propeller vehicle. It can carry a weight of 400 kilograms and can run for 5-10 minutes at a speed of 40-50 km/h, but this model is not a model that will actually be put into service, it is just a prototype flying car because the manufacturer is developing the SD-05 model to have 2 seats and more potential to take off and land in parking lots or heliports on buildings. This makes it possible to reach passengers quickly. It can also be adapted to emergency rescue work and may be a new option for travelers who want to avoid traffic congestion.SourceData and images: en.skydrive2020, interestingengineering, techradar, republicworld "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
"Magha Bucha Day" "Full Moon" alongside "Regulus" |Night of "Magha Bucha Day" 16 Watch the "full moon" alongside the star Regulus today (February 15, 2022) The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRI) revealed that on the night of Makha Bucha every year, the full moon will be illuminated alongside Regulus. And on the night of Feb. 16, 2022, which is this year's Magha Bucha Day, the constellation Leo is named in the constellation of the Zodiac according to ancient Indian astronomy, Magha, and sometimes the name "Magha" is applied to the star Regulus (also known as the Leo Heart Star). As the brightest star and used to refer to such constellations. Magha is also the origin of the Indian name Magha as well as Magha Bucha Day, which means offering on the full moon of Magha.  
Line in all day "Wunni", a virtual friend to meet the lonely|Line all day "wunni", a virtual friend to meet the needs of lonely people and help consult life problems. Meet Thai people lonely during COVID-19 More than 1,000 friends Tukline-Direct Instagram every day 20% Discuss bullying problems in school"Hello, thank you for being friends with today, there is something you want to talk to today. The beginning of the relationship, the word "friend" at "today" or Wunni, Virtual Friend, greeted all new friends for more than 4 months, and was the first sentence of an exclusive interview with Thai PBS Online today as well. People come to talk today on both direct IG and official line@callmewunni But it doesn't trouble today, because today I was born to be friends with everyone with the image that I was created to be an optimistic Extrovert. Today, the goal is to become friends with all human beings. Today, therefore, I always study the subjects around me in order to give answers to others in a timely manner. GOT7 fans are Wang Jackson to counsel on small issues. From what to eat today to problems at home. Even politics. Today, I also say that because today is a Virtual Friend, everyone feels comfortable coming in and discussing everyday problems. Some people consult about the 3rd hand, some are in the 1st year and have not met their friends at university because of COVID-19, they also come to talk to today, while the big problem that about 20% of people come to consult is bullying in school, especially about their appearance, skin color. We are ourselves. Just do your best. Even today, as a Virtual Friend, I was bullied for not making it slick, some fake. A post shared by Wunni (@callmewunni) Even today, "today" is still an online friend only. But in the future, as the world moves towards the Metaverse, today it is ready to evolve so that everyone can talk better today. And prepare a song for everyone to follow. 
The battery is made of bulletproof vests. Store 5 times more energy than before|Researchers in the U.S. use recycled Kevlar fiber from bulletproof vests. In the future, we may have the opportunity to use batteries made from Kevlar fibers found in bulletproof vests. The new battery can store up to 5 times more energy than lithium batteries and can also be used as electric vehicle batteries, which can last longer and charge up to 1,000 cycles. Kevlar fibers are synthetic fibers belonging to the Aramid Nonofibers group, which are durable, lightweight, and have excellent impact properties. Because it is resistant to heat and tear well, a research team from the University of Michigan. The University of Michigan, USA, has adopted the properties of fiber obtained from the process of recycling Kevlar fiber. This is obtained from bulletproof vests and other products containing Kevlar fibers. In addition to its capacity properties, lithium-sulfur batteries have a longer lifespan and can use sulfur in battery production instead of cobalt, which is expensive and harmful. It cannot be charged with a sufficient number of cycles. In addition, lithium-sulfur batteries solve the problem of charging energy in extreme temperatures, whether it is too cold or too hot, it is not a problem, and the researchers estimate that the battery will last up to 10 years and charge more than 1,000 cycles. In membrane studies, which are an important part of battery development. It has prepared a membrane development patent and plans to bring the product to marketSourceData and images: umich.edu, interestingengineering, thenextweb, futurity"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
NAC2022 Webinar to Revive Economy and Society with BCG Innovation 28-31 March 2022|NSTDA's NAC2022 event to revive the Thai economy and society through BCG research and innovation on the online platform 28-31 March 2022 Dr. Narong Sirilertvorakul Director of the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) with Dr. Julthep Kajonchaikul Director of the National Metal and Materials Technology Center (MTEC) led a team of researchers from NSTDA. Press Conference of the NSTDA's Annual Conference The 17th NSTDA Annual Conference (NAC2022) under the theme of "Revitalizing the Thai Economy and Society through BCG Research and Innovation" on a fully online platform via the www.nstda.or.th/nac website during 28-31 March 2022. From the potential of research and laboratory personnel. To bring science and technology to enhance the quality of products and services. HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn presided over the opening ceremony of the NSTDA's Annual Meeting. on March 28, 2022, while Dr. Julthep Kajonchaikul Director of the National Metal and Materials Technology Center (MTEC) as Chairman of the NSTDA's Annual Academic Conference The 17th Seminar discussed 45 topics such as Challenges in Transforming Thai Tourism with Health Tourism, BCG Economic Model in Medical Devices, Advancement of Thai Medical Device Industry under Public-Private Partnership, Food Waste and Circular Economy Concept, Genomics Thailand: The Future of Genomics Medicine and Applications of Genomics Technology, Workshop on Organizing STEM Activities Based on Competency-Based Curriculum with BCG Model, as well as International Webinar on COVID-19, an online exhibition of 102 works divided into 4 groups based on key actions to drive the BCG economic model and NSTDA's AI Action Plan: 1. Agriculture and Food, 2. Health and Medical, 3. Energy, Materials and Biochemistry, and 4. Digital and Electronics. Those who are interested in attending the seminar can register at the www.nstda.or.th/nac website by selecting the topic of interest according to the date and time that is convenient for them. From the presentation of technology from the expertise of 43 leading laboratories, a total of 61 topics. The research lab will be shown via video up close, and if you have any questions, you can chat with them immediately so that the target audience, including businessmen, industrialists, and investors who are looking for opportunities and inspiration, can be used as a way to expand their business with science and technology at this press conference. NSTDA. Examples of research results have been shown, such as "Plant-based egg", a liquid egg product from vegetable protein that has been developed with a plant-based protein formula that is liquid egg from pasteurized plants that has the ability to form during frying in oil and the texture is similar to chicken eggs. Innovative egg allergy group Lemon Manee 100% freshly squeezed lemon juice frozen (ManeeManao) The researchers have changed the ideal freezing conditions. The original production process has not been changed. Enhances enzyme activity reduction properties The test results with the improved process were that the smell, color and taste of frozen lemon juice melted was comparable to fresh lemon juice. But frozen lemon juice can be stored for more than 2 years. Handy Sense + Farm to School Precision Agriculture System Smart Farm (HandySense) consists of environmental monitoring and control devices that are factors for plant growth by combining sensor technology with IoT (Internet of Things) devices. At an affordable price, farmers have access to rapid test kits in the form of strip tests for the diagnosis of cassava spotted leaf virus in cassava for carrying in the field. No samples are required to be sent to the laboratory for testing. Results can be obtained within 15 minutes and can be verified independently without the need for experts and measuring tools to read the results of community development with the BCG economic model. – Production and Value Addition of Rotten Egg Pumpkin Varieties Local Identity Na Noi Group, Nan Province This results in pumpkin varieties, rotten eggs of yellowish green. There is a uniformity of effect shapes. It has a sweet, oily, delicious taste and chewy texture. There is a standardized cultivation process. The remaining pumpkin parts are processed. Fermentation with high-performance microbial germs for use as animal feed for organic laying hens and cattle. Truly sustainable for the communityLow protein latex gloves products Low allergenic protein content meets ISO 11193-1:2008, EN 455 and ASTM D3578-05 standards Helps reduce allergenic protein content in latex glove products Enhance the quality of latex glove products to be competitive with synthetic rubber gloves products and maintain Thailand's leadership in rubber and natural rubber products production. ENcase uses only a mixture of salt and purified water to make a table salt solution before using electrical processes to react chemically until two types of reagents are produced at the same time, acids and alkalis. It has weakly acidic properties, which have been tested and found to be effective enough to kill bacteria and viruses. Funded by the National Research Agency (NRCT) Those interested in attending NAC2022 can find out more details and register for the event for free at www.nstda.or.th/nac or call 0-2564-8000 for more information. 
Complete! Lumpy Skin vaccine Thai strain 9 baht per dose using the first lot This May |Good news! Department of Livestock Development Reveals Preliminary Results of "Lumpy Skin Vaccine"  The Thai breed has been successfully It has an immunostimulating effect comparable to imported vaccines, but the cost is only 9 baht per dose. This May Today (25 Mar 2022) Veterinarian Soravit Thanito Director-General of the Department of Livestock Husbandry spoke about the progress of Lumpy vaccine production Skins in cattle by the vaccine development unit of the Department of Livestock Development The vaccine has been developed at the laboratory scale since May 2021. The virus can be successfully isolated from domestic sick animal samples and cultured in the laboratory and sent to the Bureau of Animal Biotechnology. The vaccine was then experimented with two vaccine formulations, namely the inactivated vaccine in liquid form and the inactivated vaccine in oil. It has been shown that both vaccine formulations are safe and do not cause allergic reactions in animals, and the oil vaccine provides 100% protection against disease, higher than the liquid vaccine that provides 80% protection against disease. The Department of Livestock Development has cooperated to test the original oil-based vaccine at Chokchai Farm. Compared with vaccines produced overseas, Mr. Veterinarian Sorawit said that for vaccines used to prevent Lumpy Skin disease, it is necessary to import vaccines from abroad. The Department of Livestock Development has imported 5.3 million doses, spending 160 million baht. Farmers' associations and groups imported another 500,000 doses worth 22.5 million baht. With a total value of more than 180 million baht, the Department of Livestock Development is now accelerating the expansion of vaccine production capacity from the laboratory level to the semi-industrial level. With the production technology in cell culture vials, which is the original technology of foot and mouth disease vaccine production, and the Office of Animal Biotechnology has knowledge and skilled personnel. The production technology can handle the production volume of 50,000-100,000 doses per month throughout the production process for about 2 months and the first batch of vaccines is expected to be completed around mid-May. During the first year of June 22-May 23, the vaccine can be produced worth 6 million baht. If it has to be imported from abroad, it will cost 27 million baht. It will save the national budget up to 21 million bahtRead related news Launching "Lumpy-Skin" vaccine distribution plan 5 million doses in 65 provinces  
Chulalongkorn Pharmacy develops sweet favipiravir juice for children|The Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University develops Krasai Pharmaceutical Water for the preparation of Favipiravir Suspension Liquid for specific pediatric patients. Reduce the burden on healthcare workers in the process of preparing liquid medicines from tablets and help parents to take care of their sick children during Home Isolation appropriately. Lecturer, Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University Revealed that the research team consisted of Dr. Wanchai Asst. Prof. Dr. Narueporn Sutantaviboon Asst.Prof.Dr.Dusadee Charnvanich Assoc. Prof. Dr. Angkana Tantithuwanon and Dr. Pasvee Jansuk from the Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University, invented and developed a liquid solution for use with Favipiravir tablets that can be prepared as an easy-to-eat sludge suspension for pediatric patients. And convenient to keep until the end of 5-10 days according to the treatment period recommended by the doctor to facilitate parents to take care of their children to give medicine appropriately. Dr. Wanchai stated that the liquid used in combination with favipiravir tablets is a mild sweet formula that can maintain the amount of important drugs throughout the recommended lifetime. Once the tablets are mixed with water, they can be stored for up to 10 days at room temperature or in the refrigerator. If you think of mixing crushed tablets with water. When left unchecked, it does not last long. However, the developed Favipiravir Juice formula will help support the powder from lying on the bottom too quickly and can remain intact long enough to be prepared as a ready-to-use medicine after successfully formulating Krasai Juice for Favipiravir tablets. The research team experimented with producing a larger amount of Krasai Medicinal Juice to meet the needs of medical facilities in laboratories that reference the Clean Room standard of the Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University, which is about 10 times smaller than the industry. For medical institutions or agencies interested in favipiravir water, please contact Assistant Professor Dr. Narueporn Sutanaviboon. Faculty of Pharmacy, Chulalongkorn University 083-445-9393   
DNA of ancient people in the cave of Ya Pa Haeng linked to "ethnic group" In Thailand|Researchers reveal DNA test results of ancient people 1,600-1,800 years old Ya Pa Haeng Cave Pang Mapha, Mae Hong Son 3 families were found to be kinship in close proximity to the Ostasiatic-speaking group. Subgroup "Palaungic" Wa ethnic group Pa Lhong Plang Assoc. Prof. Dr. Wiphu Kutanun, Faculty of Science, Khon Kaen University, spoke about the progress of DNA testing in archaeological sites. Pang Mapha District, Mae Hong Son Province, that in the beginning, used samples from the archaeological site of the Man Lhong Long Rak Ghost Cave. Then the study was expanded to other caves. Currently, the largest number of samples are from Ya Pa Hae Cave 1 and Ya Pa Haen Cave 2, and more than 70 samples of teeth and ear bones have been taken to Germany for testing, with over 30 DNA samples. 3 families were found to be relatives living in different caves, from grandparents to grandchildren. Assoc. Prof. Dr. Wiphu also compared ancient DNA samples at Pang Mapha district, aged 1,600-1,800 years, to compare with ancient DNA at Ban Chiang, which is 3,000 years old. Currently, there is a database of 75 ethnic groups, the first period compared to 6 groups, namely Lisu, Lahu, Karen, Hmong, Shan, Lawa, considered the most detailed in the comparison of ancient people's DNA. The results of the study showed that such national groups around Pang Mapha There is no DNA similar to the ancient DNA studied, but when comparing the broad picture of ethnic groups in Thailand with genetic structures similar to such ancient DNA. It was found to be "have", but ethnicity cannot be identified because there are many groups that look similar, close to the current population who speak the "Ostoasiatic" language, the "Palaungic" subgroup, as well as the Lawa Palong-Plang ethnic group, which is an Ostoasiatic group distributed in northern Thailand. Shan State of Myanmar and Southern China In the future, more genetic markers may need to be added and a database of current ethnic groups may need to be added to answer the question of which ancient people were related to the current group or what language they spoke. No iron has been used yet. However, Thai examples have not been successful in the study. The oldest extracted and oldest DNA is now in Laos, 7,500 years old. If in the future the DNA found in Thailand can be successfully extracted, it will be the oldest in Southeast Asia. Read related newsArchaeological research to the board game "Detectives of the Past" Know the story of ethnic groups Pin "Mae Hong Son" cultural tourism - archaeology  
Geoffrey, an experimental coffee delivery robot Reduce carbon emissions|Geoffrey, a pink robot from a Canadian developer The Canadian semi-autonomous robot developer installed and tested the Geoffrey robot, a pink and suitcase-sized robot, to deliver drinks from coffee shops to customers in Plaza Midwood, Charlotte, North Carolina, and reduce carbon emissions. Developed by Canada-based robot manufacturer Tiny Mile, the semi-autonomous robot was first tested at Undercurrent Coffee on Charlotte's Commonwealth Avenue for two months to deliver coffee to customers within a mile of its location. Before the robot is put to the test for customer service. The café learned to control and operate the robot several weeks before it started using the robot. It is a pink semi-automatic robot that is the size of a small suitcase. Undercurrent Coffee's choice of robots for food and beverage delivery is not only a suitable option for economic and transportation reasons, but also an environmentally friendly service. Because the service provided by Geoffrey robots reduces carbon emissions and traffic problems in the city, the store can provide delivery services with five robots and serve customers within a mile of the store. Each robot is equipped with a GPS navigation system, camera, and siren, allowing operators to see and track every movement of the robot remotely. The store will then put the product in the storage box of the robot to send to the customer according to the next order. Data and image source: tinymile, charlottenc, charlotteobserver"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
NCTC Launches "Cottage" Analysis Lab for Chemical Residues|NSTDA's Test Analysis Service Center (NCTC) Opened a lab to provide analysis services for important substances and find contaminants in cottage crops to support community enterprises to cultivate to meet standards and safety before processing into medical products. Today (27 Apr 2022) Mr. Nattapol Wutthipan Director, National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) "After cannabis and hemp plants are recognized as having important substances in the plant, namely Cannabidiol (CBD) and Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), they can be used for medical purposes and can be processed into ingredients of products in various industries. Residual solvent Mycotoxins Contaminated microorganisms Moisture content Qualitative terpenes, including quantitative determination of active ingredients Mitragynine and 7-Hydroxy mitragynine in Kratom or products containing ingredients Mr. Nattapol said that over the past year, NCTC has supported community enterprises that are farmers in various provinces who have become interested in cultivating cannabis, hemp and cottage crops to meet standards, such as the Community Enterprise Group of Pla Plern Herb Development Center for Communities in Buriram Province and the community enterprise Ban Bird Bird following in the footsteps of his father. Pathum Thani    
4 Renewable energy sources to replace the use of oil|Rising oil prices have led to the search for renewable energy and the increasing use of non-oil-based electricity. There are always but there will be more talk about alternative energy sources. In addition, alternative energy sources are a clean energy trend that the world is interested in. Let's see what energy can replace the use of oil. Solar is converted into electricity using technology used in production, which has 2 types: photo-based energy generation using steam turbines and photovoltaic production, which produces energy directly from the sun. light bulb Solar car, etc. Previously, only solar panels were used in production. Wind is a clean energy source that exists in nature and can be used to generate electricity just like solar energy. There are both vertical and horizontal spindles, which help convert wind movement (kinetic energy) into energy, but the limit of wind energy production is wind speed. It must have a consistent wind speed. Water is one of the renewable energy that can be converted into electricity by storing water flowing from high to a reservoir in a dam or large reservoir and then going through the production process with an electric power generator. In Thailand Although there are many advantages, hydropower generation has its drawbacks, which is that it requires high production costs and may damage the environment by building bio-energy dams. It can be divided into fuel energy for electricity and heat generation and fuel energy for LPG production and automobiles, which are used to drive various vehicles to replace fuel consumption. Data and image source: datadriveninvestor, bloomberg, nationalgeographic, euractivData and image source: Freepik "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Shine is a pocket-sized wind turbine that produces and recharges energy anywhere with just the wind.|The Canadian company manufactures pocket-sized wind turbines that can produce and power small electronic devices anywhere with just the wind blowing. The Canadian technology developer has produced Shine, a small wind turbine that can be taken anywhere and is an essential device that produces energy from wind movements at all times. The energy generated by wind turbines can be used to charge small electronic devices. Whether it's a mobile phone, a smartphone device in various forms, it is indispensable to many people. The power that will keep those devices running may be even more important. Shine can generate energy from wind blowing, which can be used to power small electronic devices such as mobile phones, smartphones, cameras, and other portable devices. It's small and lightweight, about 3 pounds (about 1.4 kilograms), which is the size of a 1-liter water bottle, making it quite easy to carry around. The 40-watt turbine blades use 8 to 28 mph wind speeds to produce 13.3 watts per pound, and the resulting energy is stored in the form of lithium-ion batteries. With a capacity of 12,000 mAh, wind power is one of the clean energy that can be used day and night. Therefore, it can store energy all the time. Compared to other types of energy generation devices that have more time and weight limitations. In addition, the wind turbine itself can power several devices at the same time. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
U.S. students invent prosthetic arms Mind Control|Benjamin Choi, a U.S. high school student, invented a prosthetic arm using AI, 3D printing, and was able to control it with the mind without brain surgery. Spend your free time during the COVID-19 pandemic. Invent a prosthetic arm that can control movement with the mind. The origin of Benjamin Choi's prosthetic arm came from his impression in a childhood documentary about a prosthesis that controls movement with the mind, but requires surgery to implant a small sensor into the patient's brain membrane. Spending time confined to home during the pandemic by starting to study and develop prosthetic arms by yourself, AI and 3D printing are used as artificial aids. The ping pong table in the basement has been transformed into a desk, where he will spend about 16 hours a day inventing a mind-controlled prosthetic arm. It was caused by a sister's cheap 3D printer that could not produce parts larger than 4.7 inches. So he had to create smaller parts. It takes about 30 hours to print, put together and stringed together with fishing ligaments, resulting in a prosthetic arm that can work using brainwave information and head movements, movements of various parts. It is made by a chip implanted in the prosthetic arm and an electromagnetic resonance (EEG) that records brain activity through two sensors attached to the earlobe and forehead. When you get information from the area. The data is sent to the prosthetic arm via Bluetooth to be converted into command for motion control, with an AI system that learns commands from loosening and clenching data. Choi's prosthesis has been modified 75 times, can withstand a weight of up to 4 tons, and is 95% accurate, but is cheaper compared to similar devices. At the same time, the patient does not have to suffer from chip implantation surgerySource, data and images: smithsonianmag, ksby, interestingengineering, "Knowledgeable. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
1,508 people pinned the problem of capillaries in Bangkok with "Chatchat"  |How to pin capillary problems to "Chatchat" There were 1,508 submissions to the system, of which 1,305 were submitted to relevant agencies and 1 was completed. He wants everyone to report problems around Bangkok. Today(29 reviews) (May 2022) Chatchachart Sitthiphant's Facebook page said that the Governor of Bangkok recommends a procedure for people to report problems they encounter around them. This will lead to the submission of the matter to the relevant agencies to solve because the information about the structural problems of the city at the capillary level is considered a problem that must be faced every day, such as uneven footpaths, insufficient lighting, garbage not being collected. Therefore, the team has reused Traffy Fondue so that everyone can report the problems they encounter around us and see where there are problems in Bangkok. The government's willingness to solve the problem Developing Bangkok into a livable city requires everyone's cooperation. In addition, data until 5.15 p.m. today (May 29) showed that after starting to trial the system. 1,508 complaints were reported, of which 202 were pending, while 1,305 were submitted to relevant agencies. The complaint was filed on January 24. Adhi Bai Regarding the capillary problem that the various systems in Bangkok are similar to the human body, there is a main arterial system in the center and capillaries that spread to different parts of the body. Meanwhile, the sports grounds and small playgrounds under the community bridge, where children play every day, are in a state of disrepair. Untreated, we have a large artery to drain through a huge giant tunnel. worth tens of billions of baht. While the capillaries that are drained by many different communities are clogged. While public health centers and community health centers are still inadequate and staffing are short, we have multi-colored trains. But most people were pushed out of the line because they couldn't afford it and we still had to queue up for the van. We have many world-class quality schools. Meanwhile, schools, early childhood centers, and infant centers in various communities lack both budget and capillary personnel with problems. Ultimately, it will affect the function and efficiency of the aorta. Schoolchildren race to attend loud schools instead of attending good schools close to home. Patients are crowded at hospital centers instead of screening before public health centers. Water waiting for drainage that does not reach the troubleshooting tunnel. "Capillaries" may not be spectacular. As exciting as the construction of a big project like a giant tunnel, it is important to improve our quality of life, the most important thing of solving the problem. "Capillaries" is understanding, attention and earnestness. This May, the SEC may certify the results of the election for Governor of Bangkok-MP "Dr. Yui" joins the strategic advisory team. "Chatchat" pushes 200 Who is "Chatchat" policy? Before becoming Governor of Bangkok.
Prototype BTS Show Transform from an old bus 4 cars|Launched 4 old buses after NSTDA's transformation into prototype electric buses Use domestic materials, reduce import costs by up to 30%, aiming to use the actual route. Without noticing, hardly know that this car is a bus of the BMC with a service life of more than 20 years and has been retired, but now it has been converted from a motorized car to an electric powered car instead. According to the project to develop electric buses from used buses, or EV BUS, for the first time in Thailand, Mr. Narong Sirilertwarakul, Director of the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) He said the renovation would reduce the cost of importing or manufacturing new electric buses by more than 30 percent or about 7 million baht per car. Increase the capability to design and manufacture quality electric buses. Received 57 million baht in funding from relevant agencies for the implementation of the project, including the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand. The Provincial Electricity Authority (MEA) contributed 11 million baht to each unit, totaling 33 million baht. NSTDA supports 10 million baht In addition, a private company that produces the four buses has contributed 3.5 million baht each, totaling 14 million baht. The director of the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) said that the system has been tested for 3 months in Bus Zone 1. Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand Provincial Electricity Authority and Metropolitan Electricity Authority The electric buses awarded under the research project will be able to use them. The plan to procure 224 new buses is in the process of developing a moral agreement. If there is no readiness  
"NASA" Set up a team of UFO study officers|NASA set up a team of officials to gather information about various phenomena happening in the sky that cannot be explained, including UFOs, today (June 10, 2022). The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has set up a task force to study unexplained celestial phenomena, including unidentified flying objects or UFOs. He said the study was based on a security and safety perspective. There is no evidence to suggest that any unexplained celestial phenomena that have occurred have occurred from outer space, the study will begin in the autumn months of September to November and is expected to take a total of 9 months. It will start by identifying natural phenomena first. Last May The United States held its first public hearing on UFOs in decades. After U.S. intelligence It was revealed that an unexplained aerial phenomenon had been observed since last month. In June last year, government officials warned that there would be an investigation and action on the unexplained phenomenon. as it could pose a threat to national security. Source: CNN 
Microsoft closes 27-year legacy of "Internet Explorer"|Microsoft announced the end of Internet Explorer after more than 27 years of being online, and announced that users will move to Microsoft Edge, a faster, more secure browser, on June 15, 2022. Online Users They must have been familiar with traditional browsers like Internet Explorer or IE, which has been around for more than 27 years, but Microsoft recently announced that users will move to Microsoft Edge after it announced a shutdown last year. Microsoft says Microsoft Edge will be a faster, safer, and more modern browser, but those who still want to use Internet Explorer can access it through IE mode in Microsoft Edge, which will continue to be supported for about 7 years. A deputy spokesman for the Royal Thai Police warned about Microsoft's termination of the service, saying it would put companies, organizations or citizens who still use the Internet Explorer web browser vulnerable to exploitation. This makes them possible to be targeted by bad actors. Theft of data, interception of computer data, or illegal access to the system, causing damage. Be warned to switch to other web browsers that are still available from the company, such as Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Firefox, or Safari. You can file a complaint at the local police station or hotline 1441. 
Amazon to use Prime Air delivery drones to ship goods in the US|Amazon to deploy Prime Air delivery drones to deliver goods to customers in Lockford Amazon has revealed its readiness to use Prime Air drones to deliver goods to customers, with deliveries expected to be delivered to customers in Lockford, California. It will be the first location in the United States to offer delivery services to Amazon customers. The air delivery drone is in the final stages of approval and is expected to be ready to serve customers by 2022. Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) technology or flying drones have been developed to help transport small and lightweight cargo to customers more safely and efficiently. At the moment, no one can answer how satisfactory the service will be. Once Amazon is approved to launch the service, it will first start serving customers in Lockford, which has a population of about 4,000, and then expand to other locations in the United States. Data and image source: aboutamazon, bbc, theverge"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Lightyear 0 Solar Car Running Without Charging for 7 Months|Lightyear 0 photovoltaic vehicle from the Netherlands. The car can travel up to 625 kilometers, and if it's a sunny summer, it will give the car enough power to run for up to 7 months. Lightyear 0 (pronounced Lightyear Zero) is a sun-powered vehicle powered by Atlas Technologies, a technology company from the Netherlands, the parent company of Lightyear. It has become a strength that is more than other forms of electric vehicles. The Lightyear 0 receives sunlight through solar panels to produce energy for driving the car, which the solar energy received each day will allow the car to drive for an additional 70 kilometers per day. If there is little sunshine, the car may not be fully powered. It allows the car to go up to 625 kilometers with a power output of 10.5 kWh per 100 kilometers. Car users who want to save energy may have to think and wait for some time. Data and image source: lightyear, CNN, CartoQ"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Thai platform to help manage school meals Meet the nutrition-cost problem|Thai platform helps organize one-stop school meals Meet nutrition and cost management needs and be auditable.  Today (22 June 2022) Supiya Charoensiriwat Partner and consultant of Darwintech Solutions (Thailand) Co., Ltd., a platform developer that uses artificial intelligence (AI) technology to help provide food and health care in integrated educational institutions. He explained that the platform will be able to analyze data and help in four areas: 1) school food management system for entrepreneurs, 2) canteen management system Smart Canteen,3.Sourcing and optimizing food menus,4.Connecting IOT Devices according to needs Supiya added that the platform can meet the needs of food management very well. After more than 10 years of service in more than 40,000 schools, especially those that manage meals according to their budget, there are also schools that manage food in other ways, such as in high school, which is a cafeteria style where children can choose their own food. The company also has a management platform called Smart canteen that allows students to choose their own meals or tailor-made individually, while the school model that hires entrepreneurs to cook food for the school will have a platform that can manage complete food according to nutrition and can manage costs, as well as connect food information provided to Thai School Lunch so that the school can check the food list, quality and quantity of raw materials. The platform will be able to help with this. In order to enable schools to monitor and monitor their health, with an emphasis on nutrition and development, there are real needs from schools that are diverse in terms of well-being, and the company has partnered with partners who specialize in hardware and IoT devices that can be truly connected. The company is one of nine works approved by NSTDA's research to be commercialized. In the new business model called "NSTDA Startup", which has been started since 2018, the project will help to accelerate the commercial utilization of research, development and innovation (RDI). In order to mold a business model from NSTDA's research to develop a concrete business plan and then step towards co-establishment as a start-up company.
"Cornea" Don't wait for a donation. Hope of the Dark World Win the world's first|"Dr. Rice Tonsomboon" from Biotech Researcher to Red Label CEO with the development of "bio-cornea" that can be used immediately without waiting for donors. Designed to suit the patient's eye value. Hope of the Dark World Dr. Khao Tonsomboon, CEO of Relife Co., Ltd., at the press conference "NSTDA Startup" NSTDA Startup of NSTDA, which has launched 9 Portfolios approved by NSTDA's research to be commercialized In a new business model, Thai PBS Online has become the focus of attention. Follow up with this red-label CEO. From the beginning of research to the latest advances. Before the innovation of "biological cornea" becomes the new hope of the Thai medical community in the future, Dr. Khao: I am a researcher at the National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (Biotech) and have been studying this since 10 years ago. During my Ph.D. because I saw the gap in the market and the gap in education, it was as if the cornea had become an overlooked subject. The only way to treat the cornea is to replace the cornea. This gives us the idea to develop a biological cornea that looks like a cornea with both clarity and curvature. When stem cells are inserted, they can work like real corneas and help patients receive corneas faster. Dr. Rice: I designed cell culture materials. It looks like a cornea. When a cell is inserted, it protects the cell and the cell guideline. Transform the material into a new cornea, just like the cornea we were born again. Technically, it is called "hydrogel" or nicknamed "jelly", using special technologies to create small fibers. Similar to collagen, it weaves into a mesh into jelly, which has a mechanism like a real cornea. Dr. Rice: We will reduce the waiting time for corneal donation, intending that not more than 1 week, patients will need to have their corneas replaced. Another part is that we can control the vision value to suit the needs of each patient that conventional cornea donation cannot do. In addition to cornea donation, there are few. Another problem is that the cornea has a very short lifespan of less than 1 week. It takes a long time to reach the donor, it can be damaged first. Biological cornea is suitable for anyone who needs corneal replacement. To replace the cornea actually. There are many reasons for this, including injuries, bumps, cuts, or infections from improper cleaning, which can cause clouding of the cornea. The same applies to hereditary or behavioral diseases, such as using your phone or staring at a dimly lit screen. This behavior causes modern diseases, namely corneal deflection or thin cornea.Dr. Rice: We have been researching for 10 years, we are at the point where we have good results in laboratory experiments and have entered the animal testing stage. In collaboration with the team of the Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University, and after the completion of this phase, it will be necessary to prepare for the first phase of human trials. Therefore, a company must be set up, which is in the process of preparing for registration, to build a bio-cornea production plant that meets standards and is safe for experiments with Dr. Rice's patients. Corneal replacement cost The NHSOC has a budget of about 50,000 baht per eye. Because the medical team is almost 100% effective in the surgery, but what is problematic is that waiting for the cornea to donate when the cornea is bioreplaced, it will return to normal vision because it is the creation of new organs. We will build a bio-cornea for Thai patients to use at affordable prices or try to get into the health insurance system in Thailand, but to get there, it may take mechanisms such as raising money from people with purchasing power to support Thai patients. We are doing our best to ensure that Thai people can use the cornea biologically as soon as possible. In foreign countries, there are also biological corneal studies, but most of them are in the animal phase. Only one in the U.S. may be able to reach the first phase of human trials. Thailand is in the animal phase, and we will enter the first phase of human trials. Within the next year, it is similar and will try to achieve it all within 5 years. Read related news NSTDA launches "9 Deep Tech Startups" Expand research into new business models for Thai people platform Help manage school meals Meet the nutrition-cost problem  
Combat prepares to launch Thailand's first Earth observation satellite into space Early next year|The government drives space affairs. Thailand's first Earth observation satellite will be launched into space early next year. Today (23 June 2022) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office The government under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister has continuously driven the work to make the most of Thailand and all groups of people. The development of the small satellite "THEOS-2" according to the government policy, developed by more than 20 Thai satellite engineers from the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) together with satellite building experts from the UK for more than 2 years, has arrived in Thailand and is currently undergoing satellite testing at the Satellite Assembly and Test Center, Space Innovation Park. The small satellite "THEOS-2" is Thailand's first Earth observation satellite weighing 100 kg with sensors and cameras. Satellite Imaging Camera Earth Magnetic Field Measurement Equipment Motion Measuring Device It can record images with details of about 1 meter per pixel, when sent into space, it will orbit the Earth 13-14 times a day and pass through Thailand 3-4 times a day. Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation Aviation Industry Co., Ltd. (TAI), Thai Subcontracting Association (TSC) and Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) signed a Memorandum of Understanding on the creation of cooperation in research and testing of aircraft components. To promote and develop capabilities related to Thailand's aerospace industry for a period of 3 years under the framework of cooperation of the four alliances, in line with the government's policy to formulate a national strategy to develop domestic industries for self-reliance. In particular, in the aviation and logistics industry (S-Curve 7) and defense industry (S-Curve 11), Ms. Ratchada said that the government is committed to promoting the creation and production of aircraft parts, ground services and aircraft maintenance support equipment to support aircraft maintenance along with the support of laboratories that meet the standards for specimen testing and ensure the quality and safety of use according to AS9100D standards.
France to put information labels on clothing to help reduce global warming|France is set to impose a rule requiring manufacturers to put labels on their clothing as part of their environmental solutions and help reduce global warming from next year. Clothing manufacturers in France must put identification labels on their clothing. The information on the label must detail the production and how much this garment affects the environment, which will be another option for consumers to participate in solving environmental problems. The government has prepared rules for domestic clothing manufacturers to put labels on clothing that specify production information so that consumers can know the origin of the clothing they are going to buy and allow everyone to participate in helping to solve environmental problems by providing information that manufacturers must put on clothing. Factories that produce clean energy such as solar or coal-fired All of this information will be an alternative to the decision to buy clothing from French clothing brands. The French Agency for Ecological Transition (Ademe) is responsible for testing and finalizing what data will be used on clothing labels. According to the United Nations, the garment industry is responsible for environmental changes. With garment production contributing 10% of global carbon emissions, labeling on clothing will come into force within the next year, and it is expected that this method will be implemented in other parts of Europe by 2026.Data and image source: channelnewsasia, wionews, freepik"Knowledge Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Cool! Thai children win ASEAN Geospatial Challenge 2022|Cool! Thai children won the ASEAN Geospatial Challenge 2022, an international academic idea presentation competition, on June 23, 2022. The Geospatial and Informatics Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or GISTDA congratulated two teams of students representing Thailand for participating in the ASEAN Geospatial Challenge 2022 at the international level, operated by the Singapore Land Authority (SLA) in Singapore. Team Marlin from Burapha University and Chulalongkorn University received the Excellence Award and Team Yolo from Kasetsart University received the Merit award and received certificates and cash prizes. Students from leading universities in the country were selected at the end of last year. For this ASEAN award. It is an achievement for Thai students to have the opportunity to showcase their talents on the international stage and gain experience from the work of the participants. GISTDA plans to expand and support students' ideas to further develop innovative research for the development of the country and the region. 
Close the job! Parts of a Long March 5B rocket crashed to Earth into the Sulu Sea.|GISTDA reports that debris from the Long March 5B rocket has started burning since it was over the airspace of the southern Indian Ocean and has crashed in the Sulu Sea of the Philippines. Initially, there were no reports of damage from the case, GISTDA warned that parts of the Long March 5B rocket would fall to Earth on Sunday, July 31, and could affect Thailand. Today (31 Jul 2022) The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) Facebook page published a statement stating that GISTDA by the Space Technology Research Center (S-TREC) reported that fragments of the Long March 5B rocket had started burning from above the airspace of the southern Indian Ocean and had crashed in the Sulu Sea of the Philippines. The incident occurred after the Long March 5B rocket completed its mission to dock Wentian, the second module of the Tianhe space station, to support astronauts to conduct research experiments in space from Sunday, July 24, 2022. For this alert of rocket parts falling to Earth. GISTDA's Space Technology Research Center uses the Space Traffic Management System, or ZIRCON, developed by GISTDA's research team. Perform analysis and forecasts in accordance with international standards. Read related news "Jisda" Long March 5B rocket parts alert Fall to earth May affect Thailand 
Good news, Thailand has found "Busarin", a new species of turmeric in the world.|Good news! Faculty of Lecturer, Kasetsart University, Chalermprakiet Campus, Sakon Nakhon Province discover "Busarin", a new species of turmeric in the world. Only one place in Nakhon Phanom province is at risk of extinction because it is not in a conservation zone. Accelerate tissue culture, increase population, and expand herbal potential today (16 August 2022) Botanical Society of Thailand spreads good news Discover the world's new genus of omelettes. Curcuma stahlianthoides Škorničk. &; Soonthornk. It means the lotus flower of Indra and has been published in international academic journals. Blumea - Biodiversity, Evolution and Biogeography of Plants Dr. Sutthinat Sunthornklamp Dr. Juthamas Kongphapa and Dr. Sukonthip Wienmana Lecturer, Faculty of Natural Resources and Agro-Industry, Kasetsart University, Chalermprakiat Campus, Sakon Nakhon Province, together with Miss Natcha Kulpa Chairman of Community Enterprises, Heir of Young Farmers Tha Gon, A. Air Amnuay. and Dr. Jana Leong-Škorničková. Taxonomist, the world's number one plant specialist in botanical gardens. Singapore this discovery The research team was coordinated by Miss Natcha that she found a plant resembling a little diamond vera in an agricultural area of Nakhon Phanom province. Collect samples, data, photograph habitats, and then bring back samples and data. Check with the data of the genus Omelet in the Plant Museum and coordinate with Dr. Jana Leong-Škorničková. Taxonomist, the world's number one Curcuma specialist from the Singapore Botanic Gardens, found that this plant is a new genus of omelette plants in the world. It was published online on June 15 for a new species of the world's genus called "Busarin". Found in one of the agricultural areas of Nakhon Phanom province. It is a biennial plant about 50 cm tall with an oval underground stem. The flesh inside the stem is creamy white. The leaves are narrowly oval-shaped, grass-like, leaf plates and petioles are green, inflorescences on the sides of the stem are usually born before the early leaves growing and are in areas exposed to a lot of sunlight. The peduncle is short and buried in the ground, but in plants that grow in the shade, the peduncle is long, ground surfaced. The inflorescence has broadly ovate or oval bracts with 3-11 curved ends, green, almost all white petals. The mouth lobe is oval in shape, with a bright yellow stripe at the center of the lobe, the tip of the mouth lobe splits into two lobes. The flowers have a delicate jasmine-like aroma, a distinctive feature of Busarin that indicates that it is a new plant of the world. It has flowers similar to those of the genus Wanpetch, but the appearance of the inflorescence has many ornamental leaves, which is a common feature in plants of the genus Omelet, and it has also been found that ants help to disperse the seeds of Busarin, where ants are lured with chemicals in the seed membrane of Busarin. Busarin is a common name derived from the appearance of ornamental leaves with green leaves stacked from 3-11 petals, resembling a lotus flower, hence the name Busarin which means lotus flower of Indra "Busarin" is classified in the same genus as the omelette by the flower characteristics of Busarin. It is similar to plants of the genus Little Diamond Vera or Stahlianthus from a previous molecular study by Záveská et al. in 2012. It was found that plants in the genus Wan Petch Noi are very close to plants in the genus Wan Petch Noi was included in the genus Omelet, so the research team decided to name the science Curcuma stahlianthoides, which conveys the characteristics of Busarin that is similar to Wan Petchnoi.Dr. Sutthinat said that Busarin is currently found only in Nakhon Phanom province, but there are unofficial reports that it may be found in Laos as well. Building on the discovery of new plants In general, plants in the ginger-galangal family produce essential oils in all parts of the plant, but now there are no phytochemical studies in Busarin. If studies in this area are conducted, substances with potential for medicinal use may be found in the future https://www.ingentaconnect.com/.../content-nbc-blumea-0630https://doi.org/10.3767/blumea.2022.67.01.09   
China launches new group of 'remote sensing satellites' into space |China launched a Long March-2D rocket to launch a group of long-range sensing satellites into space for scientific experiments, land resource surveys, agricultural productivity assessments, and disaster prevention and mitigation today (Aug. 20, 2022). China successfully launched a Long March-2D rocket from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in Sichuan province in the southwest of the country to transport a group of long-range sensing satellites into space, Xinhua news agency reported. These satellites will be used for scientific experiments, land resource surveys, agricultural product assessments, and disaster prevention and reduction. The launch marks the 433rd mission of the Long March family of transport rockets.
Private company develops diving drones Find treasure and explore under the sea|A private survey team developed a diving drone using 3D mapping technology to explore treasures and shipwrecks at the bottom of the sea. Because seabottom exploration is both complex and potentially life-threatening, a drone called SeaSearcher is a diving drone that can be remotely controlled or pre-programmed to explore to help collect data from under the sea. By creating 3D maps that simulate the seabed surface or various objects underwater. In addition to that, it has the ability to detect metals and classify them accurately. The drone can detect metal up to 100 meters below the seafloor. It is a useful device to find important historical objects or lost treasures without the need for humans to venture into danger to explore on their own. In addition to exploration under the seafloor. The drone is also responsible for surveying shipwreck sites, which manufacturers believe contain treasures buried deep beneath the seafloor, and no device has ever been able to conduct a thorough and accurate survey of those metals as the drone. SeaSearcher is a technology created by SeaFarer and Wild Manta CEO Tim Reynolds, who are now exploring the depths of the waters south of Cape Canaveral in Florida with the aim of exploring an area of an old Spanish shipwreck that was lost while sailing to and from Havana. Source: SeafarerExplorationCorp, Newatlas, Techtimes, InterestingEngineering"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
German researchers use lasers to make cold-pressed coffee Time reduced to 3 minutes|German researchers invent laser cold brew coffee Cold brew coffee is popular among coffee drinkers because it can be brewed with room temperature water instead of hot water. It has the advantage of maintaining the aroma and taste of coffee beans very well. It is also bitter and less acidic than brewing with hot water. It is a favorite drink for coffee lovers, but brewing cold brew coffee usually takes quite a long time to make. About 8 - 24 hours, a group of researchers in chemistry from Universitat Duisburg Essen University (UDE), Germany. Therefore, we have invented a method of making cold brew coffee that uses laser energy, which is a change in condition or chemical reaction with suspensions (Colloid) to be used to make cold brew coffee, which will reduce the time from several hours to just a few minutes. Using a Neodymium-doped Yttrium Aluminum Garnet (Nd:YAG) laser containing bauxite and garnet, which has a wavelength of 532 nm, yields 125 picojoule, it shoots through jars soaked in cold water at a speed of 10 picoseconds and fires at 80,000 beats per minute continuously for a total of 3 minutes. Laser cold brew coffee was found to produce similar results to regular cold brew coffee, but clearly better than hot coffee. Both in terms of caffeine content and acidity, making cold brew coffee with laser is a solution to the needs of coffee lovers who are passionate about drinking cold brew coffee that do not want to wait long because this method reduces the time by more than 300 times and also gets the same quality coffee as soaking it for 8 hours. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Anybody see it? The "Arcus Cloud" phenomenon preceded heavy rains.|President of the Cloud Lovers Club Explain the phenomenon of black clouds covering the sky of Bangkok, including Koh Larn, Chonburi and Prachuap Khiri Khan. The so-called "acus cloud" is part of a thunderstorm cloud. Today (29 Aug 2022) Journalists reported that social media users shared images of black rain clouds floating over the sky of Bangkok and its vicinity as well as many areas before heavy rains in Bangkok and other provinces. Experts explain that this is part of a thundercloud, and there is no denying that it is caused by global warming. Arcus Cloud In the sky, above the sea, in Prachuap Khiri Khan province is a natural phenomenon that is not seen very often. Amaze those who see it. Some say it's both beautiful and scary at the same time. On the other side of the sea, the same clouds were seen at Koh Larn, Pattaya, Chonburi province. Absolutely agricultural separation. Mr. Buncha Thanaboonsombat, Director of Technology Dissemination Department National Metal and Materials Technology Center and President of Cloud Lovers Club Explain that the "acus cloud" is a part of a thundercloud. If the "bloated" part is the "bloated" part, the whole rain cloud will move that way. This picture takes place in Talat Phlu. Mr. Thoron Thamrongnawasawat Marine Ecology Expert Explain that black clouds are global warming clouds. As the earth warms, the seas heat up. Sea water evaporates more. The clouds are so heavy that they turn into heavy rains, read related news! Overcast sky "black rain clouds" cover Bangkok, heavy rain accelerates to fill the Chao Phraya toothline by 3% to clear water over the storm This September. 
Get to know Vertical farming: alternative farming technology|Vertical farming, a new alternative to farming that uses technology to help manage productivity and efficiency, vertical farming is a new farming innovation that helps make farming more efficient. This method of farming not only increases the choice of areas that are limited in cultivation to have more cultivated land. It is also another way to tackle the global food shortage crisis with companies in the United States. Build a 250,000-square-foot Upward Farm vertical farm located in Pennsylvania. To hopefully solve the problem of food shortages caused by climate change. By using waste from fish to make fertilizer. With artificial lights to help with photosynthesis and AI systems to help control temperature, it allows for greater yields on the same land. Cultivation is almost impossible, but a private company in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, has transformed 30,658 square meters into the largest Bustanica, or vertical farm. To solve the problem of food shortages and farmland, green leafy vegetables are grown using AI and machine learning to help control the factors needed for the cultivation of agricultural technology startups in Copenhagen. Denmark Build a vertical vegetable farm to reduce the use of farmland. It also helps reduce carbon emissions by growing vegetables in hydroponics and using technology to organize water circulation. In addition, there is an LED lighting system to illuminate the vegetables grown instead of sunlight.SourceInformation and images: UpwardFarms, Emirates, Nordicharvest, Freepik"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
NASA postpones Artemis I mission round 2 after hydrogen fuel leak discovered |NASA postpones second Artemis I mission to lunar SLS rocket after engineers detect hydrogen fuel leak On 3 Sep 2022 The National Institute of Astronomical Research published the message on Facebook. It said it had experienced several disruptions from the rocket's first launch on Aug. 29 since the delay in communication between the rocket and the control center. Fuel leak The cracks in the insulation between the oxygen and hydrogen tanks led the engineering team to fail to reduce the temperature in the third rocket engine within the launch window, forcing the engineering team to postpone the Artemis I launch even though they were able to discover that the previous temperature problem was caused by a faulty sensor and that it was not actually a temperature problem. Instead, the engineering team encountered a hydrogen fuel leak. After the engineering team tried a variety of methods to solve the problem, this was to stop the hydrogen tank leak in time. A narrow two-hour launch window approached, but the problem was eventually not solved. The engineering team submitted a recommendation to cancel the rocket launch (No go for launch). The second postponement of the Artemis I rocket launch could be a bad sign for a pioneering mission to bring humans back to the moon for the first time in more than half a century. To launch a rocket to the moon, there will be a limited launch window for the entire world. The moon and the sun's rays will be at a reasonable angle for the mission upwards. It is unclear whether the engineering team will be able to resolve the issue in a timely manner before the next narrow launch window is passed, which could be postponed until September 20-Oct. 4 or Oct. 17-Oct. 31, 2022. Read related news NASA prepares to launch SLS rocket to moon after postponement from early week NASA Rocket to the Moon with Artemis I Mission 
California uses solar panels Solve drought problems and help generate electricity|Project Nexus is a study and pilot project to generate electricity and solve the drought caused by evaporation of sunlight water in California. The United States of Nature is difficult to control. Therefore, humans can only invent and develop new technologies or innovations to solve problems, which drought is another problem that affects human well-being and is difficult to solve. But the California government recognized the importance of the problem and invested more than U.S. $20 million (734 million baht). To solve this problem, Project Nexus is an integrated project on drought and solar power generation by installing trapezoidal solar panels measuring 33.5 meters wide and 2.6 kilometers long around the reservoir area of the Turlock Irrigation District (TID), which is a pilot area, to reduce evaporation. If the installation of solar panels in California, which stretches over 643.7 kilometers, it will solve the drought problem by reducing water loss by 286 million liters. This will be enough for household consumption and can generate more than 13 gigawatts of electricity per year, which will help solve a six-thrum of California's electricity shortage. The California government has invested more than $20 million into the project, which is expected to begin operations in early 2023 and be completed by 2024. If the pilot is successful as planned, it will begin a full-scale project, marking an important step forward for renewable energy production and solving drought problems at the same time. Data Source: TID, Reuters, Times ofSandiegoImage Source: TID "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
The Dutch produce "dairy-free cheese", reducing salt but adding flavor.|Dutch nutritionists developed plant-based cheese that makes plant-based cheeses taste real good even without cow's milk, and reduces salt by up to 25%. Plant-based is an innovative alternative food that appeals to health lovers by focusing on eating more plants, vegetables, fruits, nuts, oils, and whole grains than other foods. At the same time, reduce the intake of foods such as Milk, butter, eggs, cheese, or other meat-based products, dairy-free cheese can be delicious. The Dutch health and nutrition company produces plant-based cheese, evolving the taste, texture, color and aroma to be as realistic as eating cheese made from cow's milk. Manufacturers have added beneficial nutrients such as vitamins A, B1, B2 and B12, as well as calcium, iodine, selenium and zinc to enhance nutritional balance, an ingredient that gives plant-based alternatives an advantage over traditional dairy products. Yeast extracts have also been added to help create a richer and more complex flavor, and in terms of texture, gellan gum, a hydrocolloid texture, has been added to give it a cheese-like texture. For the color of the cheese, the manufacturer has chosen beta-carotene for coloring. It breaks down into vitamin A as it enters the body as the world's population continues to grow. Plant-based foods will help increase the amount of protein foods in the market and replace meat or animal products among health lovers around the world who are still asking for alternative products. Therefore, innovative realistic and nutritious alternative foods will remain in demand in the market, and plant-based cheese is another attractive option. Data Source: DairyReporter, FoodIngredientsFirst, AsiaFoodJournal, DSM "Knowledge" Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
DART crashes into asteroid on a mission to protect Earth Sept. 27.|The asteroid exploration DART is scheduled to hit the asteroid Dimorphos on Sept. 27, 2022. At 06:14 (Bangkok Time) After being sent into space on Nov. 24, 2021, on a mission to defend Earth today (Sept. 26, 2022). Facebook page of the National Institute of Astronomical Research The asteroid probe DART mission is scheduled to hit the asteroid Dimorphos on Sept. 27, 2022. At 06:14 (Bangkok Time) After launching into space on Nov. 24, 2021, the DART mission, abbreviated from Double Asteroid Redirection Test, has the main objective of hitting a small asteroid. To study the trajectory of asteroids at risk of hitting Earth in the future. Scientists have detected and studied the orbits of nearly 30,000 asteroids in the Solar System with near-Earth orbits. An asteroid whose orbit crosses the Earth's orbit. There will be a greater risk of hitting Earth. Scientists and experts want to be prepared for the risk of an asteroid hitting Earth in the future. If scientists detect an asteroid with an orbital trajectory hitting Earth. The space agency will send an impactor to deflect the asteroid's trajectory away from Earth, but scientists don't want this idea to be just a theory. Real trials are required to support future situations from the above goals. Therefore, the DART mission was initiated. The craft will hit a small asteroid named Dimorphos orbiting an asteroid named Didymos, both of which pose no risk of hitting Earth. And the DART crash won't increase the risk in any way. Scientists predict that the DART lander's impact will affect Dimorphos' orbit. Dimorphos is currently orbiting Didymos with a period of 11 hours and 55 minutes, with scientists estimating that after the DART impact, the orbital period will be shortened by about 10 minutes. Observations of the results will take several weeks to compare the theoretical changes in orbital periods, which will help scientists find effective ways to deal with asteroids that may hit Earth in the future. A situation where the DART craft will miss its target in hitting the asteroid Dimorphos is possible (albeit very rarely). Scientists and experts will use the data and experience from DART as a test mission to lay the foundation for further development of space technology to deflect the asteroid's trajectory. 
China tests magnetic car hovering 35 millimeters above ground|Have you ever had a dream or fantasy in your childhood that you wanted to see a car float? That dream has come true, and maybe even a test drive in the future. After China developed the Maglev, which allowed the car to fly 35 millimeters above the ground, breakthrough innovations in the automotive industry continued to emerge. Traditionally, road users may have been used to driving fuel-driven cars. Recently, Chinese researchers from Southwest Jiaotong University in Chengdu, Sichuan Province have developed electromagnetic vehicles that may become the new standard of transportation in the future. Maglev is a new type of transportation technology. The term Maglev comes from the word magnetically levitating. The test created a magnetic field from the car to push against the same pole magnet on the road surface, causing the lifting of a 2.8-ton car with a height of 35 millimeters above the ground. It has also been found to be able to reach speeds of up to 230 kilometers per hour and has the advantage of noise reduction. The first test results were successful in controlling the car to follow the specified route without an accident. Maglev has wheels like regular cars, which can be used on ordinary roads where there is no specific route for magnetic vehicles. (Maglev) using the vehicle's fuel or electricity. The test is part of a research study to determine the feasibility of a new mode of transport funded by the Chinese government. In the future, it is possible that Chinese authorities may consider building roads to accommodate magnetic vehicles, especially as technology leaders are another factor that major powers focus on after politics and economy. This is evident from the continuous research in this field. The world's first magnetic-powered train. The Shanghai Transrapid is still in operation and the high-speed magnetic train. It also reinforced interest in this technology by testing magnetic vehicles. It is expected that in the future, we will see the testing of Meglev technology with other vehicles continuouslySource: interestingengineering, techspot, cnbcImage Source: QinduoXu - Twiiter"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Solve your questions Going into winter, planes must fly over the center of the city.|Many people have seen planes flying over the heart of Bangkok in recent days, so they can't help but wonder what happened. Why do so many commercial planes suddenly fly over the middle of the city? Thai PBS Online invites you to solve your questions together in the last 1-2 days. Passengers arriving in Bangkok will see a change in views during landing at Don Mueang International Airport for frequent passengers. 3 minutes before the plane wheels touch the ground, you will be familiar with the sight of Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road leading into the heart of Bangkok. What a quaint Thai PBS Online. Have a chance to talk with Captain Thitiwat Pachananon A pilot from an airline. Captain Thitiwat Explaining the change of landing runway for planes flying into Don Muang in the past 1-2 days, it is easy to understand that originally the construction of the airport had to look at the wind direction. In a year. If the wind blows in the same direction throughout the year, it is one of the main factors in building an airport. The runway of Don Mueang Airport was built facing southwest of Bangkok on both runways and named for the flight "21L" is the runway on the left hand side of Don Mueang Airport. When facing the center of Bangkok, "21R" is the runway on the right hand side of Don Mueang Airport, both routes have Kantarat Golf Course or Snake Course in the middle as a barrier under normal circumstances. As a result, Thailand has also been influenced. is a decrease in temperature and a change in direction-wind speed. To put it simply, imagine that the aircraft will always try to go forward and have the fans in front and behind the aircraft facing both aircraft if the strongest number of front fans are turned on in front of the aircraft and the rear fans are turned off. The aircraft will be blown backwards immediately, but if the lightest number of front fans is turned on and the rear fan is turned on as hardest, the aircraft runs the risk of being pushed forward and crashing into the fan. It is because the wind power from behind is more than so. The top factor to consider is the wind that pushes the back or "tail wind", which is the standard set by the aircraft manufacturer for the safest flight. The speed of the tail wind must not exceed 10 knots at the time of takeoff or landing, but if there is a higher speed, it must land in the other direction instead, from 21L will be renamed 03R and 21R will be called 03L. Flying through large cities with large numbers of high-rise buildings and key areas in the heart of the city is another highly focused task and communicating to passengers about what is about to happen. It is also necessary to part in the passenger's own corner. It is expected that passengers will have a different view of the heart of Bangkok, a new kind of experience. The Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, with its APEC 2022 emblem water garden hosted by Thailand, is not unusual, but landing through the city center over the next 1-2 days is not unusual, but it doesn't happen often. This year (2022), it has landed like this somewhat, but not as often and as often as in the last 1-2 days, the reason for factors must depend on the influence of winter coming to Thailand. If it is long, it may have to fly against it for a long time, but if it comes short, it is even more a special opportunity for passengers to see the view of Bangkok in a way that is not often seen. Aeronautical Radio of Thailand Co., Ltd. announces the adjustment of take-off and landing direction of aircraft The wind changes direction during winter. Bangkokians may see planes passing through the city center.
Paper Battery Charge with water drops, ready to use within 20 seconds.|A new type of disposable battery solves the problem of accumulated and growing e-waste. The material used is made of paper and charged with just a few drops of water. This makes it more environmentally friendly in the days when Smart Living technology fills daily life. Devices are linked to the world of the Internet. The need for batteries is increasing. As a result, there are many devices that use single-use batteries. It would be nice if eco-friendly batteries were used, a group of researchers developed water-powered paper batteries. Hydroelectric paper batteries are made from paper printed with three types of inks by printing ink with graphite on one side to act as a cathode, which is the region that receives electrons from an electrochemical reaction or acts as an anode. The other side is printed with ink with zinc powder acting as the negative electrolyte, and the top of both inks is printed with ink containing graphite and carbon black, which connects the positive and negative ends of the battery to the two wires placed on the wax-coated end of the paper and a strip of paper moistened with salt to create an electrolyte. By connecting the power cord to the electrical equipment to close the circuit. Electrons can be transferred from the cathode end to the anode end and transferred to oxygen in the surrounding air. Researchers have created batteries from two paper cells and successfully experimented with powering an alarm clock with a 2.4-volt LCD display. The battery will turn on in just 20 seconds after receiving only 2 drops of water, resulting in a stable voltage of 1.2 volts that can last up to 1 hour. It reduces the environmental impact caused by disposable electronics. Source: Nature, Newscientist, ScienceAlert, TechTimesImage Source: Nature"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Opening of "Pillar of Formation" from James Webb Camera|NASA unveiled the latest Pillars of Creation images from the James Webb Space Telescope on Oct. 19, 2022. On 19 Oct 2022 The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NRRI) has released data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) unveiling the latest images from the James Space Telescope. According to Webb, a small area within the Eagle Nebulan that is larger than 50 light-years away, the bright yellow dust and gas seen in the image are the "main raw materials" that form a new generation of stars hidden behind these thick clusters of gas, as if they were the pillars of deep space that give birth to new stars. 500 light-years is a small nebula of only 4-5 light-years inside. Eagle Nebula (M16) If you are familiar with astrophotography, you should be familiar with the names of these nebulae as they are beautiful and can be captured easily. The image that makes Pillars of Creation most recognizable is the work from the Hubble Space Telescope, published in 1995 or more than 27 years ago, revealing a thick cloud of dust and gas. Webb not only reveals different details and colors, but it also shows the stars hidden within these thick dusts very clearly. The main feature of the infrared spectrum that penetrates these dense dusts is combined with the large face size and photographic equipment like NIRCam, resulting in sharp images of this famous nebula that no other camera has ever been able to achieve. It allows astronomers to more accurately determine the number of emerging stars in this nebula. This leads to modeling star formation and understanding the process of star formation within the nebula. In addition, If you compare the dust and gas lines between the Hubble images and the James Webb images, you will find that the thick part of Hubble is the bright yellow part of James Webb. Therefore, it does not radiate in the visible wave range. Hubble then sees this cloud of dust as deep black as James Webb can see the details of these gases clearly. This is because such a low-temperature gas emits infrared radiation. This allowed James Webb to record the details of this gas cluster. Light from background stars can also penetrate these dusts. References www.nasa.gov/.../nasa https://hubblesite.org/.../images/1995/44/351-Image.html Related NewsFacts About the James Webb Space TelescopeThe key to unlocking the secrets of the galaxy NGC 1961 from NASA's Hubble Camera opens images of the wagon wheel galaxy from the James Webb Space Telescope.James Webb's earliest clear image from James Webb "Galaxy cluster SMACS 0723" 
Mahidol University launches CaregiverThai.com platform starting November 1|Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University Launch of CaregiverThai.com platform to care, educate and empower In caring for people with dementia and supporting the aging society, it is set to open on November 1 today (October 27, 2022), Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University. Revealed that the report on the situation of the Thai elderly in 2021 by the Thai Institute of Aging Research and Development Foundation There are 680,000 out of 12,500,000 elderly people with dementia, and the trend continues to increase. Meanwhile, according to data from the Department of Health, Ministry of Public Health, there are only 94,968 caregivers for the elderly who are state welfare or caregivers. Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital Mahidol University, Department of Geriatric Medicine, has launched a resource platform to help caregivers CaregiverThai.com the power of mind to fight dementia alongside providing knowledge and power of mind in caring for people with dementia as a result of a study of the research project to develop an integrated care system for people with dementia according to the context of Thai society. It collects information necessary for caregivers, such as health information, device and usage recommendations. State welfare rights, aid resources, nationwide calendar of training and useful activities. It will be released on November 1.
Around the world spectacular "total lunar eclipse" Who missed it again in '68?   |Watch the "Total Lunar Eclipse" It can be seen in many parts of the world, including Thailand. For the next 3 years today (November 8, 2022), a "lunar eclipse" has occurred, with the brick-red moon visible to all parts of Thailand and many countries around the world, including northern and eastern Europe, Asia, Australia, and North America. Parts of South America, Pacific Ocean, Atlantic Ocean Indian Ocean, North Pole and parts of the South Pole smartphones photograph the blood moon through a telescope during a total lunar eclipse in Goyang. Northwest of Seoul South Korea people watch a total lunar eclipse In the sky of Tokyo, a total lunar eclipse at the monument in Salvador del Mundo Square in San Salvador for Thailand is observed from 5.16 p.m. until the highlight period around 6.40 p.m. Total Lunar Eclipse- 18.41 - 19.49 Partial Lunar Eclipse- 19.49 - 20.56 Penumbra Lunar Eclipse- 20.56 hrs. When the sun's light passes through the Earth's atmosphere, blue light with shorter wavelengths is scattered by the atmosphere. Only red light with longer wavelengths refracted crashes on the moon's surface. Therefore, the moon can be seen as red. @NARIT_Thailand Nonthaburi#Lunar Eclipse pic.twitter.com/9abhUTsgcP "Lunar Eclipse" is a phenomenon in which the Sun, Earth and Moon orbit in the same plane with the Earth in the center. The diameter of the Earth is 4 times larger than that of the Moon, the (smaller) moon will gradually move into the Earth's shadow. This makes the moon gradually dented until it enters the shadow of the whole planet, that is, a "total lunar eclipse". The visible part is red. CAUSED BY LIGHT AND REFRACTION. Reveal the phenomenon of a total lunar eclipse over the sky of Thailand During a total eclipse The full moon appears brick red. Uranus appears on the right. Photographed at the Observatory in honor of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday Anniversary, Chachoengsao, at approximately 18:29 hrs.Anyone who missed this day will have to wait another 3 years to see the whole brick red moon like this again is September 8, 2025.Related News3 Reasons not to miss the "total lunar eclipse" Loy Krathong NightNational Astronomical Research Institute Live stream phenomenon "Total Lunar Eclipse" Loy Krathong Night      
First time in Thailand! Registered fossil "Bruda whale" 3,380 years old|The Government Gazette announced the registration of a 3,380-year-old fossil "Bruda whale" from the Late Holocene.  Discover Ban Khlong Luang Ampang It was the first whale fossil to be protected under the law on Nov. 9, 2022, the Government Gazette website published the announcement of the Department of Mineral Resources. The matter for the fossil to be a registered fossil signed by Mr. Pongbun Pongthong Director-General, Department of Mineral Resources On September 29, 2022, by virtue of Article 26, paragraph one. of the Fossil Protection Act B.E. 2551 and Article 4 (2) of the Notification of the Fossil Protection Committee. Re: Criteria for Declaration of Registered Fossil Sites and Registered Fossils B.E. 2552 (2009), as amended by the Notification of the Fossil Protection Committee Re: Criteria for Declaration of Registered Fossil Sites and Registered Fossils (No. 2) B.E. 2556 (2013), Director-General, Department of Mineral Resources Declared the fossil of the whale "Balaenoptera edeni" Common name: Bryde's whale Late Holocene Age 3,380 ± 30 years Total 141 piecesRead more  Expect 15 days to recover the ancient whale skeleton Samut Sakhon with the location found is Ban Khlong Luang. Ampang Ban Phaeo District, Samut Sakhon Province, where Mr. Jitti Wattanasin Found on Nov 1, 2020 Owner or occupier Bright Blue Water Corporation Co., Ltd. handed over to the Department of Mineral Resources for research study by preserving at the National Geological Museum in honor of His Majesty the King, Pathum Thani Province. After the discovery 2 years ago, a team of researchers from the Department of Mineral Resources Villagers and researchers from the Department of Marine and Coastal Resources and ThaiWhales team jointly researched a nearly 12-meter-long whale fossil, which is considered the most complete in Thailand. Read related newsSolve age puzzles "Ampang Whale" Indicates 3,380 years ago, "Ban Phaew" is a sea of good news! Skull-jaw found on fossil "Ampang whale" stunned! Ancient whale bones were found at Phaeo House. The spot's encounter is expected to be the sea before.
Invite vote for Thai name for "Extrasolar Planet"|Dr. Chuan voted on the Thai name "GJ 3470b", an exoplanet in the solar system, for submission to the International Astronomical Federation. You can vote from now until 2 December 2022. Today (12 Nov 2022) Mr. Supachai Avipan Expert Researcher The Extrasolar Planets and Bioastronomy Research Group said that according to the event, Thai people are invited to nominate Thailand for extrasolar planets GJ 3470b under the NameExoWorlds 2022 event organized by the International Astronomical Federation. It is the first exoplanet that Thai astronomers have studied through the 2.4-meter National Telescope at the National Observatory on Doi Inthanon, Chomthong District, Chiang Mai Province. In October 2022, more than 340 Thai names, teachers and the general public participated in the nomination of the parent star - an exoplanet outside the solar system that met the specified criteria. In ancient beliefs The stars that shine in the sky are the jewels that adorn the heavens. In heaven, Indra is the head of the angels ruling over the angels with a magic glass. The mother star is therefore named "Kaew Kosin", another implication is Rattanakosin, is the era when this star was discovered, and there is a satellite as a blue jewel, namely "Sapphire Siam" whose name rhymes with "Kaew Kosin" and "Pailin Siam". Naming concept The stars are like jewels of the sky and Nopparat or Noppa 9 is an auspicious gem of Thai society for a long time, so I want the name of Thai gemstones inscribed on the sky to be the names of the 2 stars in this system. The red color represents the parent star GJ 3470, which is a red dwarf, while the "sapphire encompass" is the name of the planet. To be submitted to the International Astronomical Federation for approval and official promulgation. To vote, click now - 2 December 2022. 
German researchers use AI to decipher animal language|Animal lovers will love it. Because German researchers have used AI systems to decipher animal language to better understand them, cross-race communication between humans and animals is rare. However, humans still desire to understand animal language for a variety of reasons, including wanting to understand the needs of pets, wanting to have friends to talk to and relieve loneliness, as well as studying animal behavior. When researchers from Germany experimented with artificial intelligence systems. German researchers used AI to decode non-human sound patterns, such as bee wobbling dance. It uses artificial intelligence (AI) to help communicate, which is designed to suit each type of animal and monitor the animal's behavior to achieve its desired goal. Designed to imitate bee dancing, which is the natural communication of bees. The robot is a sponge with wings attached to a rod used to control movements and trains the robot to mimic bee movements such as air circulation. vibration The robot was able to trick the bees into fulfilling orders. With orders for bees to fly into the hive, or orders to stop certain activities, there is a powerful roar and often a proboscis pointing up in the air of an elephant. In addition to the rumble of sound. They also emit sounds with low frequencies that the normal human ear cannot hear. In addition, there is Project CEIT (Cetacean Translation Initiative), a project to listen and translate the communication of sperm whales or tui whales, with the goal of communicating with marine animals using artificial intelligence (AI) to interpret the sounds of clicks or codas used by sperm whales to communicate. Launched in October 2021, the project is currently being processed, using artificial intelligence (AI) to link each sperm whale's voice to a specific context. To be able to communicate with sperm whales, which will take about 5 years to achieve this, human-animal communication seems to have the advantage of better understanding their needs and behavior. But at the same time, the adoption of this technology is of high concern. Especially in ethical issues because people may misuse it, such as tricking bees into building a specific nest to beat the beehives for sale, or understanding the communication and emotions of elephants in the hope of killing elephants for tusks, etc. Therefore, the implementation of this technology should be done to understand the nature of animals, it is enough to source information: dailymail, thenationalbulletin, natureworldnews, vox"Knowledgeable. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech 
Researchers develop "edible rescue drone" wings made from crispy rice cake|Drone rice cake chips that can be eaten on the stomach Imagine being stranded on a deserted island alone with only sea and sand, it would be difficult to survive or find food to sustain life. But if one day a drone flies past and that drone brings us food to eat, it would be wonderful to be in such a difficult situation, researchers from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology said. The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) has created drones that can increase the payload from 30% to 50% with the aim of reaching people in emergency situations or for rescue purposes. The EPFL research team used a laser cutting machine to shape the rice cake into a 6-sided shape and stitched the rice cake together with gelatin to be used as wings. Wrap the rice cake with plastic and clear tape to prevent the rice cake from breaking apart and prevent moisture. With a wingspan of 70 centimeters and capable of providing up to 300 calories, which is equivalent to a breakfast, the rice cake drone developed even as a prototype drone can fly and reach speeds of 10 meters per second. By adding a servo motor and a small battery to stimulate the tail surface used to control the team, EFPL researchers successfully researched and developed a drone that could carry more weight with the total mass of the drone itself. The next step of development is to find edible materials to replace other parts of the drone. Once the drone is allowed to fly away, it will certainly not get the drone back, as the wings of the drone have already been used to provide aid or eat, but the price of this drone is not very high compared to the price it has to pay to save human lives, and it is considered that the objective of creating edible drones is to provide assistance to those in emergency situations.Source: Newatlas, Specrum, Electronics360, TecheblogImage Source: RoboFood"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Princeton University Researcher Use "egg white" to remove microplastics from seawater.|Inspired by sandwiches, researchers at Princeton University turned egg whites into new materials. To be used to remove microplastics and salt from seawater, what about sea turtles? A popular phrase on social media that talks about campaigns to reduce the use of plastic straws that destroy ecosystems, as many marine animals are affected by microplastics or small pieces of plastic waste that escape into the sea from inadequate water treatment systems. As a result, many sea turtles and marine animals ingest these plastic waste and harm their bodies. Reducing plastic use is a great way to conserve the environment and help marine life, but it's even better if there is an easier way to help get rid of microplastics, Princeton University researchers said. Princeton Engineering has developed new materials for engineering applications. Egg whites are used to create aerogel, a porous material that is very lightweight and is considered the least dense solid in the world. The creation of egg white gel was inspired by Professor Craig Arnold from the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, who sat down to eat sandwiches while meeting with the team and noticed that the bread that made the sandwich has a porous structure. When the egg whites are frozen and heated to 900 degrees Celsius. In an oxygen-deficient environment Egg whites form the structure of carbon fibers and graphene sheets that are interconnected, which can remove up to 99% of microplastics and 98% of salt. If widely used, it will make it easier to remove microplastics from water and reduce environmental impact. It will also benefit desalination of seawater in areas where clean water is difficult to drink, although removing microplastics is possible. Therefore, to help conserve the environment and marine animals. Reducing the use of plastic is still important and should be avoided because it will reduce the cause of plastic waste more than ever before.Source: Engadget, Princeton, CleanTechnica"Knowledge Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Back to Earth! 26-day mission "Artemis I" to explore the moon |The Artemis I lunar rover returned safely to Earth. After spending 26 days on an extraterrestrial tour, NASA is preparing for Phase 2 in the next two years. On 11 Dec 2022 The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) released footage of the minute the Orion Capsule landed safely into the Pacific Ocean. After completing the 26-day "Artemis I" lunar exploration mission on Nov. 16, the mission was marked by no astronauts returning to Earth, making it the most important and dangerous step of the mission as it traveled at speeds of up to 40,000 kilometers per hour and exposed to temperatures of about 2,800 degrees Celsius. NASA gathers vital data to lead the development of technology to bring humans back to the moon The Artemis 2 project, which is expected to take place in 2024, includes the Artemis 3 project, planned to take place in 2025, aiming to have humans land on the lunar surface again. In this mission, NASA plans to send female and black astronauts to the moon for the first time, expecting a team of scientists to spend months reviewing data from the Artemis mission. 1 To improve and develop technology to guarantee safety for astronauts, especially during the return of spacecraft to Earth. But the goal beyond that is to use the moon as a space station as a base for astronauts to continue their journey to Mars. Postponed rocket to moon with Artemis mission Wait for the "Geminids meteor shower" On December 14, the peak is 150 stars per hour.  
Unraveling the "strange beam" of India testing Agni-V missiles |Dr.-And Aljazeera media has the answer to the "weird beam" knot. Both Myanmar and Chiang Mai were actually tested by India's Agni-V long-range ballistic missile. Lean does not affect Thailand. Today (16 Dec 2022) The LOOK Myanmar Facebook page reported that yesterday (Dec 15) at 6.30 pm. There is a strange beam of light in the sky. The beam looked like a moving object but there was no sound, according to Myanmar Astronomy & Science Enthusiasts Society, a social networking website, at 8.30 p.m. that the light was caused by an Agni-5 long-range missile fired by India. The director of the National Astronomical Research Institute (NRRI) told Thai PBS Online that the beam of light that appeared above the Myanmar sky was an experimental launch of India's intercontinental Agni-V long-range ballistic missile, not a planet hitting Earth. This sight is familiar to those watching the sky. The assertion was not consistent with the Aljazeera news agency's report, citing an interview with Prahad Joshi. India's parliamentary affairs minister said India successfully test-fired a long-range ballistic missile. Armed with nuclear Agni-V, which has a radius of 5,400 It was launched from eastern India's Odisha state to test fire Agni-V missiles amid border tensions with China. He said that before the test, the Bay of Bengal had been declared a no-fly zone, but it turned out that there were people in Myanmar, including Thailand, who claimed to have taken the strange beam and published it online. By Thai Astronomical Society Facebook post Strange lights were reported in the sky over Myanmar and India, the report said. Earlier this evening, It is thought to be an Agni-V long-range missile tested in Orissa, Bay of Bengal.   
Melting polar ice: new trade opportunities amid environmental crisis|As sea level rise caused by global warming becomes an opportunity to open new sea lanes through the Arctic Ocean located at the North Pole for decades, scientists around the world have urged governments of each country to urgently tackle climate change. Otherwise, the polar ice caps will begin to melt rapidly and inevitably cause global sea level rise. Countries bordering the Arctic Ocean, home to Arctic ice caps such as Canada, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, the U.S. and Russia, see new trade opportunities in the region because of the sea lanes between Europe and North America and Asia. It can traverse the Arctic Ocean. With shorter distances and times than traditional shipping routes, you don't have to go through the Suez Canal and Panama. Also expensive in 2021, a giant Russian natural gas tanker has left the port. In Jiangsu, China, a port in Siberia in the midst of the Arctic Ocean winter for the first time in history. Earlier in 2018, a Danish shipping company began sailing through the Arctic region during the summer. The operation has begun to be more active. Military activities and the expansion of military bases by major powers also began to emerge. It is interesting to see what the economic and political movements in the North Pole will look like. In the midst of this ongoing global climate change crisisSource: EOS, WIREDIMAGE Source: AFP "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Floating Solar Panel Move according to the movement of the sun.|"Solar panels", a floating solar energy innovation by a private company in Portugal, moves in accordance with the movement of the sun to store as much energy as possible from the sun, a renewable energy source that can be used to generate electricity free of charge. There used to be a phrase that likened the sun to the energy of life, that would not be an exaggeration, because the sun has always been on the side of man. Even when sleeping, I always knew that I would wake up and see each other. The sun never leaves us, so the energy from the sun is made of maximum use. "Floating Solar Farm" is an innovation of a private company in Portugal, currently located in Lake Oostvoorne Meer in the southwestern Netherlands. The solar farm is a 38-meter-wide sphere filled with 180 two-axis floating solar panels. In addition to "floating solar farms" that increase the rate of clean energy production, it also reduces the temperature on the surface of the water covered by the solar farm and reduces evaporation by up to 60%, which has a positive impact on aquatic ecosystems. Powered by an electric engine that uses less than 0.5% of the total energy produced and can follow the sun like a "sunflower" moving from east to west each day, it will help increase electricity capacity, thereby helping to solve the shortage of electricity for millions of households. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
5 Interesting Technology Trends in 2023|Here are 5 interesting technology trends in 2023, the year of the future where technology is about to be involved in many aspects of our lives. From work to limitless clean energy for mankind, today's human society is faced with various factors that make the rapid leap forward of technology. Whether it's the pandemic that has made people more interested in computer technology and internet signals, or the sudden climate change phenomenon that has accelerated the use of clean energy in recent years. ThaiPS has compiled 5 interesting technology trends. 1. Artificial intelligence or AI is about to infiltrate more and more fields. Traditionally, we have seen this technology used mainly on social media in the field of managing large amounts of information. As it turns out, AI has penetrated the art market, which has always been considered a space for human emotional expression, for example, in previous years, we saw AI that can create images in a variety of ways, to AI that can interact with us and write poetry with the rhetoric of a writer with decades of experience. This year, many companies are developing AI that can animate, compose music, and many other art fields, but at the same time, agencies and platforms are increasingly looking for ways to regulate AI-generated artwork, especially how to distinguish real human works from AI, and to prevent the spread of AI-induced fake news. The European Union and China were among the first to introduce new rules on AI regulation.2. Internet dead spots around the world are disappearing. We must first understand that the Internet network that we use around the world comes from subsea cables, which have a total length of more than 1,300,000 kilometers, before Internet service providers in different countries connect this cable to WiFi set-top boxes in homes across the country or broadcast through 3G/4G/5G wave towers that we know very well. Rural areas have almost no access to the Internet. Today, tech companies led by global millionaires such as SpaceX and Amazon are working on the construction of a small satellite internet network that can reach anywhere on the planet like never before. Whether in the middle of the rainforest or the desert, the cost of transporting satellites to space has been much lower in the last few years.3. The nuclear fusion technology market is growing by leaps and bounds. U.S. scientists have been able to produce more energy from the phenomenon mimicking the nuclear fusion reaction that occurs at the center of the sun than the world's first inaugural energy. This is considered a major leap forward in clean energy technology, as the fuel used in nuclear fusion reactions is often lightweight and does not pollute the earth, such as hydrogen. It is developing methods that generate as much energy as possible from nuclear fusion reactions. More than $3-4 billion has been invested in nuclear fusion research in 2022 and is expected to increase by 21% by this year.4. VR and AR virtual reality technologies will come in more. This trend started with the social media company Facebook that changed its name to META to promote virtual world technology. Apple plans to introduce new VR and AR devices to the market in the near future, which could reignite the buzz in the virtual world. Whether it's buying digital land or cryptocurrency.5. Blockchain will make a comeback. After facing a lot of volatility and crises in 2022, blockchain has traditionally focused on trading cryptocurrencies along the supply and demand chain in the market. It tends to merge more with what people are already familiar with. Source: Forbes, Tech Crunch, The Verge, VettaFi, CNET, South China Morning Post"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Recycle food waste into "packaging" from grain residues. Reduce Global Warming|Singapore start-up invents solution to food waste that takes up a lot of landfill space Turning grain waste into food waste packaging is another major environmental problem, with more than 1.3 billion tons of food each year. As a part of the 8% increase in greenhouse gases, which is the main cause of "global warming", there are often campaigns to keep food waste to a minimum, including converting "food waste" into "food packaged products" through recycling to help solve environmental problems. By recycling food waste into food packaging called "Alterpacks", the main raw material is "cereal meal" left over from food production such as beer production. The process of turning grain meal into food containers begins with turning grain meal into food containers by forming them into various shapes that can be decomposed in households. This is a method of recycling grain meal to create 100% organic food packaging and is the answer to the resource-efficient use of food packaging from grain meal. Certified by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Food Administration of Singapore (SFA) as safe, suitable for direct food contact, the reusable grain meal is derived from natural malts and grains and can be used in freezers and microwaves. To kickstart investing in environmental sustainability startups in Asia Pacific The product has been commercialized since December, this method will not only help solve the problem of food waste. Data Source: alterpacks, techcrunch, technode, yahooImage Source: alterpacks"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Tesla's autonomous driving system crashes 8 cars in a row In the U.S.|Tesla's autonomous driving system ordered the vehicle to stop abruptly, resulting in an eight-car collision. In the United States Fortunately, no one was injured, but it caused legal issues to follow. Tesla has always been known for its prominence in electric vehicle technology. The safety system that provides excellent protection for passengers in the event of an accident is one of the top in the world. It looks like it came out of a science fiction movie, but Tesela's autonomous driving system has some doubts. The source of many accidents, such as the most recent one. On November 24, 2022, an eight-car rear-end collision occurred in San Francisco, California. The 72-year-old Tesla driver later testified to local police that he had used "Full Self Driving Mode" but suddenly failed and stopped suddenly, causing subsequent cars to brake and a long line of rear-end collisions. While always looking at the road ahead. There are times when drivers can ignore this warning and cause an accident, which can be considered to deceive consumers by exaggerating advertising, whereby those who can use Tesla's autonomous driving system will have to pay extra when they first buy the car, or use the monthly membership system, which costs different depending on the car model. Meanwhile, another California-based driverless taxi company, Waymo, doesn't need drivers to observe all the time, like Tesla. Tesla is considered to be breaking the laws of California. Still, Tesla has clarified that its autonomous driving system is not fully automated. Tesla has always informed and reminded its customers. Although the system is still called "fully autonomous". Therefore, nothing can be done with Tesla without duplicating documents from Tesla Customer Care. It says there are still concerns about autonomous driving. From a security system that isn't safe enough for the user, to the extent that Jake Fisher As a senior director of CR's Auto Test Center, "customers are becoming test engineers of new technology developments without adequate security measures." Meanwhile, the California Department of Motor Vehicles has urged automakers with autonomous driving systems like Tesla Inform drivers of this information in more detail and accurately, this information source: Forbes "Knowledgeable" Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Bangkok Central Station held "2 navigation robots" for the first time, do not be afraid of getting lost.|Bangkok Apiwat Central Station "SRT BOT and Smart Wheelchair" robots are available to guide general passengers and elderly and disabled people anywhere in the building without fear of getting lost, available in 3 languages, greetings and greetings from SRT BOT and Smart Wheelchair. which is waiting for passengers in Bangkok Apiwat Central Station. To prepare to serve as a guide to all those in need. The SRT BOT robot will follow the general passengers, while the Smart Wheelchair will accommodate the disabled. Don't be afraid to get lost, because passengers can select the menu that they want the robot to help. Before confirming your identity and letting the robot take a picture. After the robot sets up the system, it will guide the user to the desired destination, such as a ticket purchase counter. Taxi stand Infirmary, Food Court Bus Stop Room change point, door entrance and exit Prayer room Miss Wallapa Pongsri, who controls the robot. According to the report, these two robots were developed to be robots to navigate to various places within the building. The highlight is that the robot will provide various information about trains and stations. This makes passengers pay a lot of attention. In addition, both robots are available in 3 languages: Thai, English and Chinese, with 6 SRT BOTs currently available and 7 Smart Wheelchairs available as today (19 January 2023) as the first day of full service of the Northern, Southern, Eastern Railway Station Transit (Northern) Railway Station. The first day at Bangkok Apiwat Station includes connections for the Red Line, Blue Line and suburban trains as well as the Airport Skytrain. Rail Link to be on point.
Thai show taking "Comet ZTF" from Doi Inthanon|Dr. Dr. shows the image of Comet C/2022 E3 at the closest moment to the Sun until 3 tails are visible, Thai hands taken at the top of Doi Inthanon, Chiang Mai Province, waiting for the chance to win during February 1-2. No need to go through a telescope today (Jan 24, 2023) The National Institute of Astronomical Research (NARIT) has released images of Comet C/2022 E3 (ZTF), a Thai photograph taken from the top of Doi Inthanon, Chiang Mai, on January 22, 2023. In the early morning hours, around 04.00-05.00 a.m., when the comet passed the closest point to the Sun in its orbit (perihelion position) and began to appear longer and longer. Although it doesn't look very long now, there is a chance that a longer dust tail will be observed in a few days, and finally, a special type of tail called "Antitail" is a large dust particle that is not blown away by the sun's rays from the observer's view on Earth. It is seen as a sharp line pointing towards the sun and often points in the opposite direction to the other tail. Pradhan can only be seen for a short time when a comet is between Earth and the Sun and our Earth passes through or closes to the comet's orbital plane. Comets are an object in the solar system, consisting of ice, carbon dioxide, methane, ammonia, which are easily sublimation compounds, as well as dust and rocks. It originated outside the solar system and took years to orbit the Sun. When it orbits the inner solar system, it appears as a bright object with a tail across the night sky. Each tail is a matter that the comet emits and then reflects light from the sun, so those interested in monitoring Comet C/2022 E3 (ZTF) at this time are not yet noticeable to the naked eye. It will be observed through binoculars or telescopes with magnification of 10 times or more. It will appear in the sky in the constellation Dragon in the northeast from around 01.30 a.m. Late January to February, when this comet is closest to Earth between February 1-2) will appear in the sky in the constellation Giraffe in the north from the sun back to the horizon until dawn before sunrise the next day. Expect increased brightness and may be visible to the naked eye in completely dark areas. 
Thailand to launch THEOS-2 observation satellite into space this year|"Ratchada", Deputy Government Spokesperson Thailand is ready to launch THEOS-2 into space this year, Thailand's first industrial grade observation satellite, today (26 January 2023). MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office Revealed the progress of launching THEOS-2 into space, Thailand's first industrial-grade observation satellite, based on the work of 20 Thai satellite engineers developed in collaboration with foreign organizations with expertise in space technology. The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (GISTDA) expects to launch satellites in 2023. The operation of the THEOS-2 satellite is divided into 3 main parts: 1. 1 main satellite (THEOS-2) and 1 small satellite (THEOS-2A) have been completed. Use local and international area tracking The 100kg small satellite is the first resource exploration satellite with industrial grade standards, designed and developed by a team of more than 20 Thai satellite engineers. 2. National Assembly Integration and Test (AIT) Located at Space Krenovation Park (SKP), Sriracha, Chonburi Province, the National Assembly Integration and Test (AIT) is equipped with equipment and laboratories that meet international standards. Support the development of equipment parts, build, assemble and test satellites from Cubesat to Small Sat in Thailand and test THEOS-2A satellites before launching them into orbit. 3. Geospatial Application Development focuses on the integration of integrated solutions in 6 areas, namely agriculture and food security, holistic water management, disaster management, natural resources and ecosystems, urban planning and security, for space technology development and promoting the space industry as one of the 10 New S-Curve industries of the future of Thailand that the government promotes and supports to increase competitiveness with other countries.
British scientists have found a way to reduce 90% of carbon dioxide from steel production.|University of Birmingham researcher Discover how to redesign the furnace It can be reused without being released back into nature immediately. The steelmaking industry today generates more than 9% of household gases from all other industries on Earth, especially carbon dioxide, due to the process that requires carbon-containing materials called cokes to enter the furnace. To accelerate the temperature to soar to 1,300 degrees Celsius, ordinary iron ore contaminated with other components melts down and eventually becomes pure steel. Researcher, University of Birmingham, UK The company has published research on a new furnace system that can convert carbon dioxide into carbon monoxide, which can be recycled in the steel smelting process. Without having to release it back into nature immediately as the traditional process. The researchers estimate that the new method could reduce CO2 emissions into the atmosphere by up to 90%. The government wants to switch to electric furnaces, which do not emit 100% of greenhouse gases, but the cost is up to £1 billion or about 40 billion baht. It is difficult for the private sector to bear the costs and procure equipment in time for government policies, so the closed furnace system invented by a team of researchers from the University of Birmingham Therefore, this problem may be solved by being a joint technology between the original furnace and the electric furnace. This can be used to install and use faster. And once the steel company is financially ready, it can be replaced with an electric stove later. Research from the University of Birmingham also revealed that their innovative blast furnaces could save the steelmaking industry £1.28 billion. This is due to the stove layout that allows for less coke. Data Source: University of Birmingham "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
U.S. startup prepares to resurrect 'dodobird' that has been extinct for more than 300 years|U.S. start-up plans to resurrect Dodo, a giant ancient bird species from Mauritius The Dodo is a giant, flightless bird similar to today's ostriches, which became extinct from the world in the late 17th century after Europeans visited the island of Mauritius (Maritius), the only habitat for dodo birds in the western Indian Ocean. Professor Beth Shapiro of the University of California was able to recover DNA data from the skeleton of the dodo bird after this. And with this method, scientists do not have to waste time inventing new cloning technology and artificial womb as well. The company plans to release the dodo back to its original habitat in Mauritius, but Colossal Science has received criticism from scientists about whether the resurrected dodo can survive in its original habitat. Since Mauritius is no longer as forested as before, but is filled with sugarcane farms, and many foreign predators are living in the islands, many experts think that Colossal Science's decision to re-include Dodo birds in the revival list is because it attracts more investors. In order to show that bringing an extinct animal back to life is possible. This led to the development of a process to revive mammoths, which is the main goal rather than Source: MIT Technology Review, BloombergImage Source: Colossal Science"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
On the night of February 5 to dawn, February 6, 2023, "the farthest full moon of the year"|Night 5 to dawn 6 Feb 23 "The farthest full moon of the year" 405,818 kilometers from EarthNational Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) On February 6, 2023, at 1:30 a.m., the "farthest full moon of the year" or microfull moon will occur at a distance of 405,818 kilometers from Earth. The full moon appears slightly smaller than usual, the moon orbits the Earth in an elliptical orbit for about 27.3 days. The Moon's closest position to Earth is called Perigee, with an average distance of about 357,000 kilometers. With an average distance of about 406,000 kilometers, people on Earth can see the full moon on nights when the moon approaches or far from the Earth. It may not be the day when the full moon is full, but Feb. 6, 2023, is the farthest distance from Earth and the full moon is exactly the perfect moon for the "closest full moon of the year" or super full moon to occur on the night of August 30 to the morning of Aug. 31, 2023. It is also the second full moon of the month, or Blue Moon, hence the "Super Blue Moon". With a distance of 357,334 kilometers from Earth, during this time the full moon will appear slightly larger than usual.  
Next-generation nuclear fission reactor Propel spacecraft instead of traditional chemical fuel.|Rolls Royce partners with UK Space Agency Developed nuclear fission reactors as a power source to propel future spacecraft instead of using traditional chemical fuels since humans began sending spacecraft to outer space to study planets. Virtually all propulsion systems use combustion-generated chemical fuels. Whether it is liquid hydrogen or kerozine, a special petroleum-based extract, which has a high fuel consumption rate compared to the volume. As a result, the spacecraft had to travel slowly to save fuel and detonate engines only when it was necessary to change direction. A British company with a history of jet engine manufacturing. In tandem with the production of luxury cars, the company has long been working to create a new propulsion system for spacecraft with nuclear fission technology, which can help the craft travel between stars faster and more efficiently, especially the moon. that are being sought after by superpowers around the world. As humanity's new resource with abundant rare earth minerals scattered across the surface, and future human-exploratory Mars exploration missions. At present, sending robotic probes to Mars with chemical fuel is not a problem. The journey takes about 6 to 8 months, while nuclear fission fuel can cut travel time by half, reducing the health effects on humans when traveling in space for long periods of time. In February 2022, Rolls Royce unveiled its first blueprint of its small-scale nuclear fission reactor, Rolls Royce told Reuters. It can also be used to generate electricity in space instead of using solar panels. As some areas that humans want to explore in the future cannot receive sunlight all the time, such as the moon that lasts 14 consecutive days of night, Roll Royce expects the prototype reactor to be completed in 2029, so we can say that Roll Royce's arrival is another sign that the private and government sectors are waking up to a new space race. Source: SPACE.COM , ReutersImage Source: Rolls-Royce"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Know "Nicholas Copernicus," who purged the belief that "the earth is not the center of the universe."|Get to know "Nicholas Nicolaus Copernicus An astronomer who challenged the Church with the theory that the "sun" is the "center of the solar system", it is not a world that people have believed in thousands of years ago. From ancient Egypt to the Indus River basin, everyone believed that our planet was the center of the universe. The glittering white dots of light, what they call "stars," systematically rotate around the sky night after night, with the North Star at the center of the pivot. This is good evidence of the time to support the theory of earth-centric "Aristotle", an ancient Greek philosopher who was revered as the first scientist of antiquity. He has also supported this theory. He argues that our planet is central because it does not move anywhere. Because if the earth were moving, there would already be storm winds blowing all over the surface. Aristotle's ideas were deeply rooted in ancient peoples for thousands of years. In 1543, an astronomer named "Nicholas Nicolaus Copernicus published his work on the Sun at the center of the solar system shortly before his death, which has forever impacted the human view of nature around him. Copernicus." Born in Toruń, Kingdom of Poland, in 1473, he traveled to the Italian peninsula in Bologna and attended university at the age of 23 in the law known as Canon Law, a law concerning the system of government of the Roman Catholic Church. Copernicus, on the other hand, had a strong interest in astronomy. Even so much so that while he was a law student, Since then, he has spent most of his free time studying mathematics and traveling to help. Professor Domenico Maria de Novara Professors who teach astronomy at the same university The study of the movement of celestial bodies However, when he completed all his advanced studies at the age of 30, he would not be able to do so. He went to Warmia, Poland, to serve as a Church official in Warmia, Poland, where he continued to spend his free time studying astronomy. Copernicus refused to publish his work on earth-centric issues as soon as he had finished compiling it. Although he has had this idea in his head since his teenage years, due to the potential for controversy that followed, the idea of the Earth theory is central to the solar system, although astronomers in Europe have long believed that the Earth is the center of the solar system. But this idea would have one problem that sparked suspicion. Copernicus, which is the motion of some stars that do not have a fixed pattern like the stars on the other backdrop that revolve around the North Star, the ancient Greeks dubbed this strangely moving star "Planetos", meaning "wanderer" or "planet" in Thai, including Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. The famous post-Aristotle Greek mathematician attempted to explain the retrograde motion of the planet with a complex orbit that circled Copernicus. When he tried to put the sun at the center of his thoughts. He discovered that other planets could orbit the Sun in simple circles, while he could explain the planet's reverse motion with Copernicus. According to his writings, the planet's reversal occurs because the Earth orbits the Sun at a different amount of time than other planets, such as Mars, which takes a slower time to orbit the Sun than Earth. Therefore, the position of the Earth is somewhat ahead of Mars, some behind Mars. The fact that we see stars in the background spinning around the North Star is because the Earth revolves around itself, with the North Star being the star at exactly the Earth's axis of rotation. His self-rotation of the earth also explains the occurrence of day and night excellently, thanks to his problems with the Church and the consequences for future generations after Copernicus' death. A priest who is also passionate about astronomy. Soon after, however, the idea that the sun was the center of the solar system was viewed by the Church as a pagan book. Teaching things that are different from God's Word in the Bible, people who believe in the concept of Copernicus, like Bruno, was put to death by burning him alive for the crime of his unorthodox conduct. Galilei, the world-renowned scientist who invented the telescope that supported Copernicus' theory, had to be placed under house arrest for the rest of his life. He was also charged with unorthodox conduct. Johannes kepler German mathematicians invented mathematical equations to describe the motion of celestial objects. It was based on Galileo's observations as the basis for the calculation, which occurred at a time when the Church's influence began to decline due to the reformation of religion in Europe. It complemented Copernicus' ideas. The theory of gravity, the last nail nail in the coffin, has completely shattered the old belief that the Earth is the center of the solar system. Source: NASA , Britannica , SPACE.COM "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
3 Reasons Why Writers Shouldn't Be Worried About Losing Their Jobs Because of ChatGPT|Various experts insist that ChatGPT will not take away writers' work in any way, as AI writing is not yet human. Policy requirements from organizations and their role in helping humans have increased since ChatGPT, a chatbot that can create highly complex human-like writing, was released to the public. In November 2022, the number of users reached 100 million. This growth rate is faster than today's popular online media such as Instagram and Tiktok. Buzzfeed, a major US media company, has laid off about 12% of its workforce due to the company's desire to bring ChatGPT in to help create content. Although many parties are afraid of ChatGPT. Here are 3 reasons why writers shouldn't worry about losing their jobs because of ChatGPT1. A WELL-KNOWN MARKETING CONSULTANT FOR A US STARTUP TOLD INSIDER NEWS AGENCY THAT AI CAN'T REPLACE HER CAREER BECAUSE THE MESSAGE GENERATED BY AI HAS A WRITING STYLE THAT SUGGESTS IT'S NOT BEING THOUGHT OUT BY HUMANS WITHOUT SOME KIND OF EMPATHY. Sheeta Verma had to take over the task of editing all the texts, and what ChatGPT lacked was empathy for fellow human beings or empathy, which is an emotional process formed by a complex sequence of thoughts. Based on the belief in human justice and equality, it is difficult for AI to complement this expressive writing.2. The content governance policy from AIGoogle, the world's most active internet search service company, has been combating AI-written content for decades. If a site violates Google's policies, the site's visibility in the search window will be demoted or not appear in search results at all, making ChatGPT unable to compete on online platforms as long as Google remains a popular service provider.3. Although ChatGPT can create complex writing within a short period of time, ChatGPT does not have much business knowledge on how to produce writing for the most profitable business, which requires planning skills and understanding of the context that occurs in society at each moment. Now, we could say that ChatGPT and other AI with similar skills will help writers produce more than they will lose their jobs. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
World's first! Airbag jeans protect motorcyclists|New fashion for bikers, jeans with the same texture as before. In addition, there are airbags inflated in the event of an accident today, the helmet is the only device that can protect the motorcyclist. While the driver's torso doesn't have any equipment to withstand the impact on the driver's behalf, Mo'cycle doesn't have the most equipment to replace the driver. Swedish Company To reduce injuries when a motorcyclist is involved in an accident, these safety pants have a double fabric. The outer layer is denim that allows the purchaser to choose the same color as normal jeans. The inner layer is polyethylene fibre fabric, which is as strong and flexible as the fabric used in astronaut suits. On the side of the pants there is a pocket for carbon dioxide cartridges as small as a pen. The airbag mechanism begins when the strap is jerked with a force greater than 88 lbs (40 kg) when a motorcycle crash occurs. This jerked strap pulls out the latch of the cartridge that stores carbon dioxide, causing the airbag inside the pants to instantly inflate. This inflatable pants thus reduce the injury of the driver after an accident. This airbag automatically collapses, allowing the driver to reload the new carbon dioxide cartridge. And the company doesn't just design pants that protect the lower body. It also produces airbag vests for additional chest protection. Data Source: Interesting EngineeringImage Source: Mo'cycle "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Meta to charge for 'blue checkmark' on Facebook-IG|Meta is set to launch a "blue checkmark" surcharge on Facebook-IG for $11.99, or about 411 baht per month. Meta today (20 February 2023) announced that Facebook and IG users will be able to pay $11.99, or about 411 baht per month, for verification of the blue checkmark (Verified), a tool that verifies the credibility of their accounts. According to Meta chief executive Zuckerberg, the move was made to improve the security and integrity of social media applications. The paid subscription service isn't yet available to businesses, but individuals can pay for verification, which will start rolling out in Australia and New Zealand this week. As for the advantages of paying for verification of the blue checkmark, in addition to having the symbol appear, Facebook will increase the visibility of their posts and make them more accessible to others while preventing impersonation. Twitter owners have moved forward with paying to subscribe to Twitter Blue. The November 2022 premium payment included paying users to access the blue check mark, but it has received widespread criticism as it began impersonating celebrities or celebrities by paying for the badge. Based on a false assessment of the situation. 
AI checks rice quality instead of manual labor|Rice quality inspection according to the Ministry of Commerce standards is important for export, which requires the skills of inspectors who are becoming increasingly scarce. Nowadays, technology has been invented to help through artificial intelligence or AI, sorting rice grain contaminants in less than 5 minutes through artificial intelligence or AI technology is replacing manual labor that performs visual inspection. Therefore, private companies came up with the idea to use AI technology to fix inspection defects and reduce the chance of errors. Currently, the AI system can perform rice quality inspection and paddy breed inspection. It takes a few minutes to know what breed of rice is being examined. This is suitable for users from the level of community enterprises. Duangruethai rice mill and exporter Niphonwattanakul Manager Siam Golden Rice Co., Ltd. stated that the machine will help to run faster. As for the efficiency, it can help up to 10 times, similar to a scanner, and already contains various seed data. In just 1 year, there are more than 250 users nationwide, from buying, selling, or in the process of improving production, to packing bags for domestic or export sales. In the past, AI has been used to monitor more than 300,000 times, covering up to 6 million tons of rice. EC Reich Digital Technology Co., Ltd. According to him, there are only two groups of community enterprises that are customers now, but in the future, prices will be lowered to make community enterprises more accessible because many community enterprises want to build brands to export rice abroad. Personnel who are experts in rice quality are still scarce. In addition to rice quality checking, producers are also expanding to other crops such as barley, oats, coffee, etc., as well as AI in various in-depth inspections to add product value with state-of-the-art technology to systems that sustain the entire supply chain.
Plastic from "fungus" Hope to reduce plastic waste overflow|"Fungus" may be a new hope to replace plastic products in the future because the fibers are strong and lightweight and can decompose in nature within a few years. Many countries around the world are facing a plastic waste crisis that is too much to recycle or dispose of properly. This has led to short-term solutions such as landfills and incineration, while scientists around the world are constantly trying to find biodegradable plastic substitutes. A recent study from the journal Science Advances has shown that a species of fungus with the scientific name "F. fomentarius" can be used as a substitute for a variety of plastics. This can be used to produce shock-resistant materials such as safety glasses that are used to block wind and dust. This is followed by thick, soft fibers in the central part of this fungus. It has surprisingly similar properties to animal skins. With all the amazing properties of F. fomentarius, this team of scientists experimented with producing prototype headphones. And if fungi can become a real substitute for plastic. The problem of plastic waste overflowing the world may be completely eliminated. From the properties of mycelium fibers that can decompose in nature with suitable environmental conditions within a period of a few years. In addition, these wastes can also be turned into fertilizer for new generation of fungi. What's next? The use of mold mushrooms as a substitute for plastic still has the same cost and capacity constraints as other renewable materials because there is no system to cultivate them on a high demand industrial scale. It will not be able to compete with cheaper fossil fuel-based plastics in the global market until scientists can solve this economic problem.Source: The VergeImage Source: Friedrich Böhringer , Synbio Powerhouse"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Produce "photovoltaic" from artificial moon soil to support future settlement|Blue Origin invented the production process of "photovoltaic" from artificial moon soil instead of paying a lot of money to transport the source of electricity upwards. To support future lunar settlements. In the midst of a new space race in the 21 th century, public and private organizations have made numerous efforts to create new electrification technologies in preparation for future research stations and lunar settlements. Instead of paying a lot of money to transport this source of electricity upwards, and in addition to that, Blue Origin's group of researchers will be able to produce solar panels from artificial moon soil. Blue Origin called the device used to artificially separate elements from the lunar soil to produce this solar panel called "Blue Alchemist", which also has the ability to extract excess oxygen from the soil for astronauts to breathe. The soil in the harsh lunar environment may not always have the same physical characteristics as the artificial lunar soil used by Blue Origin, which still requires a lot of testing to actually be used on the moon, although the composition of the artificial lunar soil is similar to that of rock samples brought back from the moon in the Apollo program. Blue Origin's efforts to create new photovoltaic technologies from resources available across the lunar surface are in line with the guidelines set by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to develop infrastructure programs on the moon and Mars, which will become frontiers for new human adventures in the near future SPACE.COM. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
 NASA finds black circular "sand dunes" on Mars surface|NASA scientists Discover the "dunes" shaped like black circles. The black circular dune image was captured by the Mars Reconnaise Orbiter (MRO) spacecraft, which has been stationed in Mars orbit since 2009. Similar to a planetary resource observation satellite, this image is one of 60 images obtained from the area below Mars' equator. As snow from solid carbon dioxide is sublimating, it slowly vaporizes. When winter begins to pass. The analysis revealed that it was not completely circular and that the dunes were piled up on the southern part of the circle. This is clear evidence that winds are blowing south during this season. The fact that Mars has wind does not necessarily mean that Mars has breathable air like Earth, because its atmosphere is very thin. Similar to that, the higher we climb, the thinner the air becomes impossible to breathe because of its low gas density, which is equivalent to the air at 35 kilometers above sea level on Earth. While humans usually begin to lose consciousness at an altitude of 8 kilometers, no matter how low the atmospheric pressure of Mars is, it is not possible to achieve any degree of consciousness. When astronomers compared this image to other images collected by MROs over the years, we learned more that the wind on Mars was powerful enough to push the southern hemisphere of sand dunes south at a rate of 1 meter per Martian year SPACE.COM, or about 687 Earth days. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
New ancient Mayan ruins have been found. Hidden under the rainforest in Guatemala.|Laser beam technology (LiDAR) has discovered the ruins of a 2,000-year-old Mayan civilization, El Mirador, in Guatemala filled with thousands of pyramids, palaces, streets and homes since 2015. Shifting from exploratory trekking to LiDAR technology, laser beams are used to make three-dimensional maps from airplanes, revealing the latest traces of cities covered by rainforests. A team of scientists has unveiled a map of the ruins of an ancient Mayan civilization called "El Mirador", covering an area of 1,700 square kilometers, consisting of a 55-meter-high pyramid, palaces, stadiums, canals, reservoirs and thousands of dwellings. Connecting 417 villages to make it easy for people to get around over the swamps, the ancient Maya called this elevated road "Sacebe" meaning white road. The white streets may reflect the moon's light at night, increasing road visibility at night to some extent, archaeologists say. Wheels or rickshaws have never been used for travel. The city of Elmirador, connected by many roads, became an important evidence that the people of the time worked together on complex projects that would not have been possible without the class regime that defined the duties of each person. The ancient city is thought to be from 1,000 to 250 BC, even before the Mayan civilization reached its peak. It is located in a fertile lowland called "Mirador-Calakmul Karst". The team of archaeologists estimated that the Maya settled in this area due to both high and low areas, with the high ground suitable for building shelters, while the highlands also contain limestone deposits, which the Maya used as the main material for construction. The lowlands have fertile soil suitable for agriculture and there are water sources nearby for consumption.Source: Cambridge University Press Image Source: Cambridge University Press "Knowledgeable. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Scientists spent 12 years creating the world's first map of the whitefly's brain!|Scientists have used electron microscopy. Imaging of neurons in the brains of whitefly larvae at each point for 12 years, demonstrating for the first time a complete map of neuronal association in animals, scientists from the United States. The UK and Germany have mapped the connectome of brain neurons from simple organisms such as "whitefly larvae", revealing 3,016 neurons and 548,000 intercellular synapse. Although the "whitefly" has a brain as small as a grain of sand and a body of only 2-3 centimeters, the brains of the whitefly have been slid out into more than 5,000 small sheets before being scanned by an electron microscope later to map the brains of the whitefly larvae. This can help scientists understand more about brain activity in animals than ever before. This includes observing the communication of cells in the human brain, as the human brain is similar to the whitefly brain studied by scientists, both in terms of the area of the brain that responds to decisions. This group of scientists also expressed the opinion that artificial problem technology, or AI, will help scientists map brains with complex structures. The ultimate goal is the human brain. If we could map and explain the functioning of the human brain in detail, science could provide an answer to "consciousness," which is most likely caused by the brain's activity of about 86 billion neurons and trillions of nerve coordination points, rather than from abstractions based on religious beliefs. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Chatbot AI helps write wedding vows to be sweet.|Startup company planning wedding Launched an AI-based chatbot tool to write wedding speeches or vows for newlyweds. You can also choose the tone of the language for how romantic you want to be"Thank God created her with love. Give her to me and love me." The vows are one wedding ceremony that Christian couples are likely to be familiar with. bride Will take turns saying vows. Promises to each other to speak of their love, but not everyone can say them. It's not love, but it's quite difficult to compose an overflowing feeling. For those who want to prepare their speeches in advance, using chatbots as a way to draft speeches to make weddings the most important event in many people's lives. Filled with love and romance, everyone wants to make this work perfect. The U.S.-based start-up has developed a tool that uses AI chatbot technology to help draft the most important speeches in life. Whether it's a polite decline for wedding invitations, users can choose the tone of their preferred language. For example, if you want to be William Shakespeare or other famous characters, Chatbots can help you create a message that fits your role. Artificial Intelligence is being leveraged to develop new tools that benefit more usersSource: TechCrunch, Trendhunter, Futurism"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Cyber experts have yet to rule out 55 million names from the public and private sectors.|Cyber Specialist It is unclear whether the data leaked 55 million names from the public and private sectors or the actual figures. Hijack the agency that owns the information to clarify, fearing that call center gangs use the information to deceive the public. If it is detected that it has been disconnected from any agency. The PDPA has identified 55 million personal data items in the hands of hackers and has a deadline for the data subject agency. Contact by 4 p.m. on April 5 The biggest challenge is to take photos of what is thought to be a childhood portrait of the Prime Minister and open personal information of academics. Cybersecurity experts also come to publish. It's not just the famous press today (March 31, 2023). Komen Phibunroj, a cybersecurity expert, said many agencies, both public and private, such as bank operators, have their ID card information stored in the leaked data. It is normal data that is stored in public and private agencies such as banks, copying the front of the ID card or reading the data through smart cards is already in the database. When information leaks from anyone, it will be this tek. There are names, ID numbers, addresses, phone numbers that say 55 million names of data have gone into the hands of hackers. But there is a presentation that there is information of experts and ID cards leaked with Mr. Komen proposing that the agency that owns the data come out to clarify, or hackers who say that there are actually 55 million people should tell the source because there may be claims for information obtained from banks or agencies even though the actual number is less than 55 million people. There are many ways to hack, including hacking into the system, it can be public and private agencies with high-security, mid-level or almost no security, or previously there was an operator who leaked customer data, either from which person extracted the data and erased traces of which agency it was taken from, such as deleting headers, deleting headers, cybersecurity experts said that when data is leaked, it may be fraudsters such as call center gangs. Used to deceive the public. Because this set of data has a phone number. ID card number The date of birth of the call center gang will claim to be a government agency and confirm the ID card number. Date of birth leads the victim to believe. What people need to prepare is when someone calls in and tells them the information directly. Call center gangs may search the Internet for more detailed information to build credibility. If the source is investigated as being leaked from any agency, it will be guilty of owning the data, but not strengthening the computer system to cause the data to leak. "DES" accelerates investigation of 55 million names of Thai people Trust is not leaking from government agencies. 
Transform the "stuffed animal to fix the top" Saimu to green materials|"Biotech" joins hands with private sector to develop innovation ZERO POLLUTION ZEBRA, a stuffed animal to solve on the planet's heart Reduce air pollution and can decompose naturally"Stuffed animals cure on" One of the folk beliefs that have been with the Thai way of life for a long time. It is used to offer sacred things in prayers about fortune, work, etc. love or health, or used to "cure on" when the requested is fulfilled according to the sacred things. Among the many stuffed animals that exist, "zebra" is considered one of the most popular animals. Small and large zebra plaster dolls are often consecrated at shrines and sacred places across the country, but "stuffed animals" create landscape problems both inside sacred places or public spaces, and it also causes air pollution problems or PM 2.5 caused by the decomposition and destruction of large amounts of plaster figurines. He said the problem inspired him to initiate the Friends of the Garden Project because he was confident that there would be a way to turn stuffed animals into eco-friendly. The National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (Biotech), Office of National Science and Technology Development (NSTDA), together with Friends of Suanpruk Project and Dentsu Creative Thailand, has developed a prototype of a "ZERO POLLUTION ZEBRA" doll developed from agricultural waste materials. RESEARCHER OF BIOTECH'S AGRICULTURAL MICROBIAL INTERACTION RESEARCH TEAM SAID THAT ZERO POLLUTION ZEBRA IS THAT IT IS BIODEGRADABLE NATURALLY, A MINERAL TO THE SOIL, AND IS ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY, ADDING VALUE TO THE LARGE AMOUNT OF AGRICULTURAL WASTE IN THAILAND. ZERO POLLUTION ZEBRA is an innovation developed to help the traditional belief about offering sacrifices so that they do not negatively impact the ecosystem. ZERO POLLUTION ZEBRA is made from processes and technologies that care about environmental impacts, starting from the selection of raw materials in production until the completion of the product.
Warmer deep currents are observed. It is causing the ecosystem to face a major catastrophe.|Scientists studying the oceans in the Antarctic region have encountered a major problem with changes in the circulation of deep currents that affect the Earth's ecosystem. This is caused by global warming. The flow of tides is the keeper of the balance of the earth that carries heat to places that are especially essential for temperate countries such as Europe. Without the tides, Europe would have average temperatures around 10 degrees Celsius lower. The currents also help recycle oxygen and carbon dioxide between the ocean and the atmosphere. However, a group of marine scientists at the Antarctic Center recently found that deep currents, one of the maritime circulation systems that help maintain the Earth's balance, are rapidly crumbling due to the effects of global warming. They discovered that the ice caps in the South Pole had melted to the point of freshening the seawater. As a result, deep currents cannot perform the function of circulating through the polar regions as before. Normally, the tide is similar to the wind, but there is no clear pattern because the seven continents have blocked the stream from flowing around arbitrarily. We can divide ocean flows into two types: surface currents and deep currents. It starts with "surface currents," which are always moving in the same direction from the hotter equatorial region to the polar belt. And when the tide starts to get lower, the water returns to the equator, before the sun's energy gradually accelerates the water temperature rise again, forming a complete cycle. The movement of these currents will inevitably influence the climate and ecosystem of coastal areas. Salinity, or salt density, in the oceans, plays a more important role in circulation than temperature differences. This heats the ocean water until it evaporates. As a result, the remnants of seawater contain minerals and salt residues, very dense and concentrated. Unlike the North and South poles, where sunlight falls dilutely. Cold temperature The evaporation of seawater is therefore less than that of the equator. The concentration of minerals and salts is therefore diluted accordingly. High-density seawater flows to areas of lower density, creating a deep flow of currents. This type of circulation current is called "thermohaline". This is why as the oceans begin to rise in temperature and melting polar ice, the intensity of salt changes and changes the direction of ocean currents flow at an alarmingly rapid rate. The calculation results showed that in the last 150 years, Human activity has changed the depths of nature for 1,000 years, and this change in a short period of time will inevitably affect life on Earth that cannot adapt, said Dr. Adele Morrison, Australian Centre for Excellence in Antarctic Science (ACEAS). It said that ocean currents are affected by rising global temperatures due to the current events happening in the Antarctic oceans, namely the rapid melting of ice. This is mainly due to the enormous amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. It is likely that the South Pole ice cap will melt 40% faster over the next 30 years, making the seawater less dense. The water on the diluted center loses its ability to absorb carbon because it is not replaced by deep currents with water that does not contain diluted carbon and cannot sink to the bottom at the right depth. This means that the deep currents that once helped spread minerals across the world are also affected, as the trajectory of deep currents has made Europe colder in winter and hotter in summer. This problem doesn't just affect ocean ecosystems at the South Pole. Other scientists added that the current deep-water current pattern that drives the oceans is gradually decreasing. By 2050, marine ecosystems that humans depend on as a vital food source could also collapse. Until a catastrophe spreads more and more like an endless chain reaction, from oxygen problems in the air to even more variable global temperatures, which could lead to mass extinction sooner than scientists predicted. The sea level will rise higher than ever until the land is covered by water masses. Coastal areas are decreasing and coral reefs are important habitats for fish. Source: UNSW , BBC Image Source: NASA "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Bricks from eggshells turn food waste into building materials with 3D printers|"Eggshells" overflow food waste to green ideas by Mexican companies Use a 3D printer to produce eggshells into bricks. "Eggshell" is food waste that is found a lot in every household because eggs are a raw material that is easy to buy. Can't figure out what to eat, people always think of eggs first. Therefore, eggshells are a lot of waste that can be found. It would be nice to be able to turn this waste into a new material for further use. The Mexican design firm turned these eggshells into bricks. Mexico is currently facing environmental impacts, including large amounts of organic waste and a ceramic industry that emits high rates of fossil fuels, which has led Manufactura to use locally lightweight, easy-to-find organic waste such as eggshells, to produce new materials. The eggshells must be cleaned, then crushed and blended until fine, and the eggshells are combined with a biobinder. The eggshell then turns into an ingredient that can harden without burning. This ingredient is also ideal for use with 3D printing technology, making bricks from eggshells a real reduction in environmental problems. It is a combination of computer design. Digital Manufacturing and Material Advances It has an important objective to transform waste and raise awareness with the environment. Each brick is created with a 100% sustainable recycling process, as the ingredients are sourced from donations from restaurants in Mexico, which took more than two months to collect all the eggshellsSource: designboom, interestingengineering, coolhunting, 3dprintingindustryImage Source: Manafactura (Instagram)"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Upgrade 2-legged robots with human-like movements to help work in warehouses.|Robotics companies in the United States Upgrade the 2-legged robot from the original model and be human-friendly. Able to help and work together to relieve labor in the warehouse.
Working in logistics systems or warehouses can easily cause accidents or muscle injuries from moving goods at the same port repeatedly. Warehouse robots have been developed to help humans work more safely and replace humans to prevent injuries from repeating the same activities with Agility Robotics in the U.S. state of Oregon. Digits, a two-legged robot that is an upgrade from the original model created in 2012, improved the robot's ability to move more like a human, and added sensors and cameras to convey vision for directions to the robot. This makes it possible to move and collaborate with humans in warehouses. With a height of 175 centimeters, a weight of 65 kilograms, a maximum weight of 16 kilograms, and a maximum of 16 hours of work, the robot can assist in various tasks in the warehouse such as lifting objects, moving objects, and transporting objects by the robot can bend down to lift objects off the ground, or other human-like movements, or even lifting objects from narrow spaces. The developers have also improved the robot to charge faster than its predecessor, which comes with an automatic charging system. When the power is running low, the robot can go to the charging dock on its own, and there are also artificial eyes from the LED screen to express how they feel or work status. This reduces the occurrence of occupational hazards or causes injuries during work. Therefore, the use of robots will help to lighten the human burden appropriately and help to achieve greater safetySource: TheVerge, AgilityRobotics, InterestingEngineering, EngadgetImage Source: AgilityRobotics"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
The jewel in the museum turned out to be the egg of a Titanosaurus dinosaur. 67 million years old|British curators suspected a strange sphere of "gemstone" could be the egg of some creature before taking it to scientists to examine it until it was found to be the egg of a 67-million-year-old Titanosaurus dinosaur, the Natural History Museum of England. 1883 is actually a "dinosaur's egg." The museum received this crystalline stone from a man named Charles Fraser, an Englishman who lived in India between 1817 and 1843, which coincided with the reign of King Rama II and III of Thailand. Before scientists had any idea of the dinosaur race, it wasn't until 2018 that Robin Hansen, one of the museum's curators, noticed that the jewels resembled dinosaur eggs she had seen at museums in France. It has been confirmed that this crystalline rock is the remains of a Titanosaurus dinosaur egg. According to the above, the "Titanosaurus" is a long-necked herbivorous dinosaur with a body size of up to 37 meters and a body weight of 57,000 kilograms. Lived between 68 and 66 million years ago, Titanosaurus may have cohabited in flocks and laid dozens of eggs at a time, similar to the behavior of sea turtles and crocodiles today. Barrett and Susannah. According to Medment, the museum's dinosaur egg remains are around 67 million years old and covered with rocks found around an ancient volcanic region. They estimate that a group of Titanosaurus dinosaurs laid 30-40 eggs each near the volcano. In the Deccans Plateau, present-day India, due to the Titanosaurus dinosaur. May rely on the warmth of volcanic rocks to aid in incubation. These long-necked herbivorous dinosaurs often returned to the volcanic area to lay dozens of eggs at a time, but it turned out that the volcano erupted while the baby Titanosaurus was growing in its eggs, until hot lava from the volcano moved to erase the egg and crystallized into a precious stone, replacing the delicate tissue of the Titanosaurus egg. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Know "Red Glutinous Rice Muang Loei" GI Registration No. 196 |Know "Red Glutinous Rice Muang Loei" registered GI No. 196 as glutinous rice with unique identity. The grain is soft, low sugar and has a unique aroma. Today (13 April 2023) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister were informed of the report from the Ministry of Commerce regarding the registration of the 196th new Geographical Indication (GI) item, namely Red Glutinous Rice in Loei. Control product quality to build consumer confidence and expand marketing channels for Loei Red Glutinous Rice is a unique product, grown in lowlands and plains between mountains, the ground is rich in minerals, allowing rice plants to absorb nutrients and tillering more than usual, coupled with the climate of Loei province with lower temperatures than other provinces in the same region. One cluster yields about 280-360 seeds. With these factors, the red glutinous rice grain also has different characteristics from other glutinous rice grain varieties. When cooked, it has a unique aroma. Soft touch and less sugar content than normal glutinous rice. Can remain soft for a long time by Muang Muang Red Glutinous Rice is an agricultural product that won the 1st prize out of 90 varieties of glutinous rice with the most aroma. In the Northeast Rice Breeding Festival, it was also awarded the 3rd place in the category of delicious glutinous rice. Loei province's famous agricultural products. Community enterprises or local communities that have local identity products that have unique characteristics of geographical origin and are of reputable quality products. Consultation for GI registration can be obtained at the Public Service Center, 3rd floor, Department of Intellectual Property or the Department of Intellectual Property hotline at 1368.
NASA accelerates development of "robot snake" Find life under the ocean in Saturn's moon|NASA scientists are building and developing a snake-shaped robot to send to explore life on Saturn's moon Enceladus and other places in our solar system. When a group of NASA scientists and engineers created and developed the Exobiology Extant Life Surveyor (EELS), which resembles a snake, the robot "Eels" could easily travel through pothole-like terrain or crevices on planets. While humans may have difficulty accessing it. The robot snake is also designed to move through sand-type surfaces. Similar to the combination of snake and eel properties, NASA recently reported that a group of researchers had taken "Eels" to the world. The robot snake has been experimenting with the Athabasca Glacier and the area around Meeger volcano in Canada. The results of this experiment are the first step towards building a highly flexible robot. This will make exploring the satellite moons of gas planets in the outer solar system even easier in the future. NASA also speculates that the robot could be used in the Artemis Program, which aims to set up research stations on the lunar surface to assist astronauts on missions through remote control. Whether it's exploring craters with ice residues or along ancient underground lava craters, this information is too precious for humans to do.Source: NASA , Interesting EngineeringImage Source: NASA"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Azalea phenomenon "Partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand" 20 This April|Dr. S. "Partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand" 20 This April Observed in some areas in the south, northeast and east, the National Astronomical Research Institute (Public Organization) (SRI) The Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation (MOE) revealed that in the morning of April 20, 2023, there will be a "partial solar eclipse over the sky of Thailand" at around 10.22 - 11.43 a.m. Krabi) and parts of Trat province, Ubon Ratchathani and Sisaket Mr. Suparurk Kharahanon. Director of the Center for Astronomical Communication and Academic Affairs, Dr. Sodr. said that on April 20, a combined solar eclipse (annular and total solar eclipse) is the 52nd/80th solar eclipse. East Timor and Indonesia (Papua and West Papua) from 09:42 to 12:52 (Thailand Time). The sun will be eclipsed by the moon for a maximum of 1.16 minutes. From about 10.22 a.m. to 11.43 a.m., it is observed in 9 southern provinces. As follows, Mr. Suparurk said that "Solar eclipse" is a phenomenon in which the sun, moon and earth orbit in the same line with the moon in the middle. "Mixed solar eclipse" is a type of solar eclipse that occurs in two types at once, namely an annular solar eclipse and a total solar eclipse. As a result, each position on Earth has an unequal distance to the moon. Observers far from the moon will see an annular solar eclipse. While observers closer to the moon will see a total solar eclipse for a "partial solar eclipse" caused by the Earth, Moon, and Sun not aligned exactly. During a solar eclipse, the moon partially obscures the sun. As a result, only the penumbra of the moon stretches across the Earth's surface. Observers on Earth within the penumbra of the moon will see the sun partially obscured by the moon. Reiterate for those who are interested in watching this phenomenon. Do not observe with the naked eye, sunglasses, X-ray film, or CD, as sunlight can penetrate and damage optic nerve cells, leading to blindness. It should be observed through specialized devices that have safe light filtering properties, such as sunglasses made of black polymer light filters. Aluminum Mylar Filter Mirror filters for welding masks of 14 or more and indirect sun observation equipment, such as viewing the shadows of sunlight through the angle of view or using the principle of pinhole cameras. It is a safe method that does not cause harm to the eyes, and the phenomenon can be viewed one by one if observed through a telescope. Because the telescope has a lens that combines light, causing the sunlight to intensify, it is extremely dangerous for the eyes, Dr. Set up an observation point for "Partial Solar Eclipse over the Sky of Thailand" on April 20, 2023 at the Observatory in Commemoration of His Majesty the King's 7th Birthday Anniversary, Songkhla 09.00-12.00 hrs. (During the phenomenon period 10.31-11.33 hrs.), the sun will appear dented at most 1.82% (at approximately 11.01 a.m.). Free to join Read more: Scientists find evidence that humans have been using drugs for more than 3,000 years, delve into the history of 4 astronauts who will explore the moon in 52 years
New evidence! Human ancestors may not have lived in the rainforest like monkeys. |The discovery of fossils of 'Morotopithecus', the oldest species of tailless monkeys, refutes the old hypothesis that "ancient humans" may have evolved 11 million years faster and did not live in rainforests like monkeys today. The theories of human evolution since ancient times are many. But perhaps the most famous theory is that our ancestors' two-legged onset began 10 million years ago. When East Africa's rainforests turned into savannas due to the effects of climate change, new evidence has just been discovered refutes the traditional hypothesis that human evolution may actually be more complex than anticipated. A group of paleontologists based in East Africa for the Research on Eastern African Catarrhine and Hominoid Evolution (REACHE) project have discovered fossils of Morotopithecus, including teeth, jaws, thigh bones, which more clearly illustrate the lifestyle of the world's oldest "ape" or "tailless monkey". Helps strengthen the body of Morotopithecus To be able to climb trees up and down more conveniently, including the teeth and jaws of this species of tailless monkeys that look ridged. Rather than sharp teeth like other animals used to chew fruit, wormwood researchers have also searched for Morotopithecus' habitat. By studying the chemical properties of fossil soils called "paleosols" or "paleosols", it was discovered that the area where this monkey species lived was sparse forests and dry meadows like savannas, not dense forests according to old hypotheses. In addition, this study has led to the discovery that the savanna did not occur 10 million years ago, but 21 million years ago, which is almost twice the original estimate. But because evolution has been going on for hundreds of years. So there are many more secrets of evolution that are hidden for humans to discover: The ConversationImage Source: Corbin Rainbolt"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
AI helps produce plant-based cheese that provides the same nutritional value as regular cheese.|Major French cheese producers Partnering with a California-based biotech startup Using AI to develop plant-based cheeses that have the same texture, flavor and nutritional value as regular cheeses is good news for vegan consumers. When a food company, well known for its popular cheese products in France and many other countries around the world. has announced a partnership with a California-based biotech company. The goal is to develop plant-based cheese products to help tackle climate change affecting the broader dairy industry, with the goal of helping cheese production processes reduce carbon emissions. High nutritional value It's affordable, and tastes so good that it's indistinguishable from regular cheese made from dairy, leveraging artificial intelligence technology. (AI) in this collaboration. They leverage AI systems to explore all types of raw materials and separate plant parts such as proteins, fats, flavors to find ingredients that can mimic milk, and can quickly experiment with multiple cheese recipes, or even find out how to properly use different plant-based ingredients to create different flavors and textures. This makes it possible to save many times the time spent searching for raw materials and developing recipes. The CEO of the cheese company has revealed a strong commitment to developing new innovations that will shape the future of the food industry. This includes lower costs to make products more accessible to consumers. It plans to launch AI-based plant-based cheese for the first time. in the United States and Europe by the end of 2024. This partnership will guide further adoption of AI in the food industry and play a revolutionary role in the vegan food industry in terms of delivering a positive taste and texture experience. At the same time, it also saves costs and reduces the time it takes to develop recipes. It is possible that in the future, vegan and healthy food enthusiasts may have a wide range of food product options at more reasonable prices. Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
"Biofire", a smart gun that is known for being safe, scanning fingerprints and faces, hopes to reduce crime.|Biofire, a smart gun known to be safer than conventional guns, features a human ID access system that scans both fingerprints and faces to activate and pull the trigger. In hopes of reducing the death rate of innocent people from criminal crimes, Kai Kloepfer, a U.S. man, developed a "smart gun" that can only be used by his owner when he was just 15 years old. Before he suddenly decided to drop out of school. In 2018, Kai Cloffer named his own start-up and gun company "Biofire", which was designed to be lightweight and user-friendly. While the gun handle is equipped with a fingerprint reader and face sensor, Kai Cloffer advertises the gun as "wire-fired," meaning it uses computer software to control it. Therefore, there are many circuit boards installed inside this gun, and it requires electricity to operate the gun that requires fingerprints and faces to be scanned. And even though the gun doesn't have GPS locator, owners can connect the gun to a computer to update the system for tampering protection, tested by creators and experimenters. Discover that the safety system of the biofire gun Works very well. When a person not registered with the gun's system holds the gun in a ready to fire position before pulling the trigger. The gun will not work or fire any bullets. Kai Clopfer and his group of more than 40 engineers agreed that they wanted to get this smart gun ready for sale as quickly as possible. To reduce the death rate of innocent people from crimes. Because they know that the number one reason takes children's lives. Americans are gunshots, not to mention other ages who have died from guns for varying reasons, such as murder. Data Source: BloombergImage Source: BIOFIRE-SMARTGUN"Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Noon today, April 27 The sun is perpendicular to Bangkok. Stand in the shadowless sun|At 12:16 p.m. today, April 27, the sun sets perpendicular to Bangkok for the first time in 2023. The next one is Aug. 16. Facebook NARIT National Astronomical Research Institute The post states that the sun is perpendicular to Bangkok for the first time in 2023 on April 27, 2023. At approximately 12:16 p.m. If you observe an object in the sun, it will look like a shadowless because the shadow will fall exactly under the object and may not be the hottest day. It depends on other factors as well as the period April - May. The sun will orbit perpendicular to Thailand. Starting from the southern area at Betong district, Yala province on April 4, 2023, it will continue to rise north and will end at Mae Sai district. Chiang Rai on May 22, 2023 for Bangkok. The sun is perpendicular exactly overhead. On this day, at 12:16 p.m., as the sun is perpendicular to the earth. If you observe an object in the sun, it will look like a shadowless because the shadow of the object will fall exactly under it. Whether the temperature is highest or not depends on many factors such as rainfall, clouds, monsoon influences. Therefore, it may not be the hottest day of the year as Thailand is located in the tropics. Between 5-20 degrees north latitude As a result, the sun passes near the overhead point or perpendicular to different areas of Thailand twice a year, namely April - May and July - September. At approximately 12.22 p.m., information on the occurrence of perpendicular sun phenomena in all 77 provinces in Thailand can be found here (click).  
Hydrogen-powered supersonic plane flies from London to New York in 90 minutes.|Swiss start-up companies Development of hydrogen-powered passenger aircraft A plane flight from Europe to Australia by passenger plane typically takes about 20 hours, but a Switzerland-based start-up has sought to reduce travel time to just four hours with a hydrogen-powered passenger plane that has five times the supersonic speed or more than 6,000 kilometers per hour, with Frankfurt to Sydney in just four hours and from London to New York in 90 minutes to allow the plane to travel at that speed. The aircraft must fly at altitudes of more than 50 kilometers and use hydrogen fuel for take-off and landing, thereby reducing pollution with zero carbon emissions and emitting only heat and steam. The company has been testing prototypes over the past few years before announcing the successful testing of its second prototype, or Eiger, at an airport near Munich at the end of 2022. It seems that traveling in commercially viable supersonic aircraft still has a long way to go, as liquid hydrogen is 4 times lighter than jet fuel, meaning it requires 4 times more capacity on board and uses larger fuel tanks. Hydrogen-powered aircraft are therefore price-competitive. Moreover, it took time to develop an aircraft that could withstand extreme heat, although developing such an aircraft model was not easy. But many companies continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars into start-ups developing supersonic hydrogen-powered aircraft. To drive the development and production of hydrogen-powered vehicles in the futureData Source: thenextweb, euronews, dailymailImage Source: Destinus "Knowledgeable Watch the trend and keep pace with the world" with Thai PBS Sci & Tech
Japan launches world's first "employee robot" hotel|Japan launches hotels with A Japanese hotel is preparing to launch a robotic receptionist, which includes a beautiful staff robot, a dinosaur robot, a baggage delivery robot, and a miniature robot serving henna hotel rooms, or "weird hotels". The selling point is the use of robotic staff to take care of guests. The robot can speak 4 languages: Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean. The beautiful receptionist robot greets guests at Henna Hotel with a sweet voice and smile to impress the guests. Guests are not required to hold a key card or room key. They use a facial scanner to open the door, and there is also a tiny robot shaped like a tulip. Take guest orders and adjust lighting. The temperature in the room is comfortable because the system detects body temperature and adjusts the temperature accordingly. To make guests feel as relaxed as possible, Mr. Hideo Sawada The executive of the affordable travel agency "HIS" says that while robots cannot replace people, they are equally polite and friendly. The price is affordable at only 1,900 baht per night. Henna Hotel or "Weird Hotel" The selling point is the use of robotic staff to take care of guests. The robot can speak 4 languages: Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean. The beautiful receptionist robot greets guests at Henna Hotel with a sweet voice and smile to impress the guests. Guests are not required to hold a key card or room key. They use a facial scanner to open the door, and there is also a tiny robot shaped like a tulip. Take guest orders and adjust lighting. The temperature in the room is comfortable because the system detects body temperature and adjusts the temperature accordingly. To make guests feel as relaxed as possible, Mr. Hideo Sawada The executive of the affordable travel agency "HIS" says that while robots cannot replace people, they are equally polite and friendly. The price is affordable at only 1,900 baht per night. 
U.S. researchers develop new seaweed species that taste like "bacon" and value like "vegetable"|U.S. researchers develop new seaweed species that taste like Oregon State University researchers in the United States patented the red seaweed "Dulse", which was born from the development of the strain to taste similar to bacon, but with the same nutritional value as vegetables. Researchers at Oregon State University, U.S., have developed a strain and patented a new strain of red seaweed. "Dulse", which tastes like pork bacon but has the same nutritional value as red algae vegetable. Vitamins and antioxidants as well as kale. Another feature is fast growth. The Independent reported on its website on July 16, 2015.Food manufacturers often use red seaweed to grind into cooking powder. Researchers at Oregon State University have developed this seaweed strain to be eaten in pieces, Chris says. European consumers often topple their food with small crispy pieces of bacon for added flavor, but it would be better to use bacon flavored red seaweed instead for better nutrition. However, Dulse red seaweed gives bacon a delicious aroma when fried, with a peculiar flavor than regular seaweed and fast-spreading growth. Dulse red algae grown in a water circulation system will weigh 20-30 pounds, which could make dulse a staple in restaurants." There is a great possibility of industrializing bacon algae production along the coast in eastern Oregon because algae growth relies only on seawater and sunlight." Researchers at Oregon State University, U.S., have developed a strain and patented a new species of red seaweed, researchers at Oregon State University told The Independent. "Dulse", which tastes like pork bacon but has the same nutritional value as red algae vegetable. Vitamins and antioxidants as well as kale. Another feature is fast growth. The Independent reported on its website on July 16, 2015.Food manufacturers often use red seaweed to grind into cooking powder. Researchers at Oregon State University have developed this seaweed strain to be eaten in pieces, Chris says. European consumers often topple their food with small crispy pieces of bacon for added flavor, but it would be better to use bacon flavored red seaweed instead for better nutrition. However, Dulse red seaweed gives bacon a delicious aroma when fried, with a peculiar flavor than regular seaweed and fast-spreading growth. Dulse red algae grown in a water circulation system will weigh 20-30 pounds, which could make dulse a staple in restaurants." There is a great possibility of industrializing bacon algae production along the coast in eastern Oregon because algae growth relies only on seawater and sunlight." Researchers from Oregon State University said.
Traces of glacial changes have been found on Pluto's surface.|Traces of glacial changes have been found on Pluto's surface. New Horizons Send new data back to Earth Traces of glacial changes have been found on Pluto's surface, suggesting that Pluto is not a lifeless ice star orbiting only the Sun. But Pluto's surface also has traces that show geological changes. Recent images have emerged showing ice on Pluto's surface, especially the west of the heart-shaped ice plain. And at the center of the heart-shaped ice plain called the spunik planum, the direction of flow of the ice sheet extends sideways, suggesting that Pluto is not a lifeless ice star orbiting the Sun. But Pluto's surface has traces that represent geological changes with John. Spencer, scientist with the New Horizons program. According to past surveys, Pluto's surface has this characteristic. Only Mars and Earth will be found. While Pluto's surface changes are not as clear as Earth's, this new data Much to the surprise of scientists, the ice found on Pluto's surface does not come from water, but ice containing various gases. Nitrogen is mixed with carbon monoxide and methane from the star's temperature of minus 230 degrees Celsius. Recent images have emerged showing ice on Pluto's surface, especially the west of the heart-shaped ice plain. And at the center of the heart-shaped ice plain called the spunik planum, the direction of flow of the ice sheet extends sideways, suggesting that Pluto is not a lifeless ice star orbiting the Sun. But Pluto's surface has traces that represent geological changes with John. Spencer, scientist with the New Horizons program. According to past surveys, Pluto's surface has this characteristic. Only Mars and Earth will be found. While Pluto's surface changes are not as clear as Earth's, this new data Much to the surprise of scientists, the ice found on Pluto's surface does not come from water, but ice containing various gases. Nitrogen is mixed with carbon monoxide and methane from the star's temperature of minus 230 degrees Celsius. 
'Microsoft' ready to launch Windows 10 no 9 because of the new revolutionary era of Windows|'Microsoft' ready to launch Windows 10 no 9 because of the new revolutionary era of Windows Microsoft today announced the availability of Windows 10, indicating that it can run on multiple devices, in an effort to create an opportunity for Microsoft to emerge in the mobile market and that there is no Windows 9 because it wants to mark a new era of the Windows revolution today (August 5, 2015). Mr. Gunter Weimer General Manager of Windows and Surface Microsoft's Asia-Pacific company stated that the reason why Microsoft released Windows 8 followed Windows 10 but not Windows 9 was because Microsoft wanted to mark a new era of the Windows revolution for a new feature that is the highlight of Windows 10, namely the Internet browser under the name Microsoft Edge, which is fast and fun to play. If you find something you like, you can mark the circle on the screen with your finger and share it with your friends via social media programs. Microsoft Cortana, an intelligent personal assistant similar to Siri on iOS, helps manage work and personal matters by speaking interactively and reminding owners not to miss appointments or important tasks. It is currently available in the US, Canada, France, Germany, China, Australia and South Korea. However, Mr. Gunter Windows Hello is an intelligent security program that uses facial recognition instead of the traditional password type, allowing users to use their face to log in to their computers, as well as to email and social media sites. Windows Hello is designed to solve a variety of online problems, but they all use the same passwords, including email, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, which are easily hacked, especially in the U.S., where many credit card hack victims are affected. Tablets Notebooks, PCs, TVs, Xbox-1 consoles, and new devices are coming out of both Dell and Dell. Acer and HP announce partnership with Microsoft to install Windows 10 at factory Microsoft expects that within 2 years, there will be devices running Windows 10 around the world. With no less than 1 billion machines, the path for the multiplatform operating system Windows 10 will be fraught with challenges, but it could also be Microsoft's turning point. If successful, it may help revive the Windows Phone business by today (August 5, 2015). Mr. Gunter Weimer General Manager of Windows and Surface Microsoft's Asia-Pacific company stated that the reason why Microsoft released Windows 8 followed Windows 10 but not Windows 9 was because Microsoft wanted to mark a new era of the Windows revolution for a new feature that is the highlight of Windows 10, namely the Internet browser under the name Microsoft Edge, which is fast and fun to play. If you find something you like, you can mark the circle on the screen with your finger and share it with your friends via social media programs. Microsoft Cortana, an intelligent personal assistant similar to Siri on iOS, helps manage work and personal matters by speaking interactively and reminding owners not to miss appointments or important tasks. It is currently available in the US, Canada, France, Germany, China, Australia and South Korea. However, Mr. Gunter Windows Hello is an intelligent security program that uses facial recognition instead of the traditional password type, allowing users to use their face to log in to their computers, as well as to email and social media sites. Windows Hello is designed to solve a variety of online problems, but they all use the same passwords, including email, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, which are easily hacked, especially in the U.S., where many credit card hack victims are affected. Tablets Notebooks, PCs, TVs, Xbox-1 consoles, and new devices are coming out of both Dell and Dell. Acer and HP announce partnership with Microsoft to install Windows 10 at factory Microsoft expects that within 2 years, there will be devices running Windows 10 around the world. With no less than 1 billion machines, the path for the multiplatform operating system Windows 10 will be fraught with challenges, but it could also be Microsoft's turning point. If successful, it may help revive the Windows Phone business as well.
Mahidol University reveals research findings of boiled horseradish to prevent and relieve colon cancer|Mahidol University reveals research findings of boiled horseradish to prevent and relieve colon cancer The Institute of Nutrition, Mahidol University, has revealed the results of research on a type of Thai local vegetable called Moringa, which found that eating boiled horseradish can help prevent and alleviate symptoms of colon cancer. After more than 1 year of study, it should be eaten in the form of food and eaten in moderation.  
Google Translate releases virtual translation feature, instantly translates images|Google Translate Releases Virtual Translation Feature Translate Translate Instantly Translates Images Just point your camera at the text you want to translate and the system will translate it automatically. It supports more than 30 languages, including Thai, which will make it easier for you to communicate with your international friends if you're traveling abroad but find labels, places, or menus in foreign languages, but aren't sure what those messages mean. Translation technology will help you access foreign languages and have more fun living abroad. When Google Translate developed a virtual translation system that instantly translated text from images, Instant Virtual Translation was released. It is the working mode of the latest Google Translate app with multilingual text translation. All you have to do is point your camera at the text and it will instantly translate. To change the Instant Virtual Translation operating mode, simply go to the Google translation app, go to Settings, and select the Instant camera language menu. The administrator of Google Translation says that the translation technology uses the main system of using technology to capture words and convert them into speech and translate them into another language instantly. There is also a voice translation mode. The system translates both the voice and displays the letters of the conversation. This mode supports more than 32 languages. English is available for translation into more than 37 languages, including Thai, and Hindi to Thai. In the future, foreign words will be included to allow for a wider range of foreign translations. This feature is still word-for-word, but an effective translation system is being developed. This feature also works offline or without an internet connection if you're traveling abroad but find labels, places, or food menus in foreign languages, but aren't sure what those messages mean. Translation technology will help you access foreign languages and have more fun living abroad. When Google Translate developed a virtual translation system that instantly translated text from images, Instant Virtual Translation was released. It is the working mode of the latest Google Translate app with multilingual text translation. All you have to do is point your camera at the text and it will instantly translate. To change the Instant Virtual Translation operating mode, simply go to the Google translation app, go to Settings, and select the Instant camera language menu. The administrator of Google Translation says that the translation technology uses the main system of using technology to capture words and convert them into speech and translate them into another language instantly. There is also a voice translation mode. The system translates both the voice and displays the letters of the conversation. This mode supports more than 32 languages. English is available for translation into more than 37 languages, including Thai, and Hindi to Thai. In the future, foreign words will be included to allow for a wider range of foreign translations. This feature is still word-for-word, but an effective translation system is being developed. It's ideal for overseas travelers who break down communication barriers, making it easier to talk and build friendships with locals, and this feature can also work offline or without an internet connection.
Scientists have found a new species of frog in Costa Rica.|Scientists have found a new species of frog in Costa Rica. Scientists have found a new species of frog in Costa Rica. Translucent body, internal organs visible to the naked eye, Bryan. Kubícchi Scientists have discovered a new species of frog in the southern part of Costa Rica's Talamanza Mountains, showing that the area is still rich in ecosystems. Frec, which is a frog of small size and a rather translucent body. Internal organs can be seen with the naked eye. It has a different vocal from other breeds. This species of frogs is usually found in the central and southern parts of the Americas. Kubícchi Scientists have discovered a new species of frog in the southern part of Costa Rica's Talamanza Mountains, showing that the area is still rich in ecosystems. Frec, which is a frog of small size and a rather translucent body. Internal organs can be seen with the naked eye. It has a different vocal from other breeds. This species of frogs is usually found in the central and southern parts of the Americas. 
Thai research team successfully develops drug transport robot to help dispense medicines quickly Reduce drug budget  |Thai research team successfully develops drug transport robot to help dispense medicines quickly Reduce drug budget From now on, those who use medical and public health services may spend less time at the dispensing lane as Thai researchers successfully develop automated drug transport robots. This will not only help speed up prescribing. The automated drug transport robot or B-Hive1 was jointly developed by a team of researchers from the Center of Excellence. Life Sciences or TCELS, Ministry of Science and Technology, Supreme Hythera Co., Ltd. and a team of students from the Institute of Field Robotics B-Hive1 was created to solve the problem of the limited dispensing system in the Thai medical and public health sectors, such as traditional dispensing machines that could not dispense all forms of medicine, such as powders, boxes or bottles, and speed constraints that could not accommodate the volume of patients who came to receive medicines at Mallika Hospital. Pathumwan Private Research Team It was revealed that foreign robots were robot arms. Use your hand to handle the medicine box one by one, which is a bit slow, but our ejection method will be able to eject at the same time. The speed of Beehive-One is 150 pills per hour, which if you want more speed, increase the number of dispensers to dispense more medicines. In addition, the remaining information of each drug is checked and delivered to the pharmacist through a complete conveyor system. Reduce the workload of pharmacists to just check medications. This will save the budget from reducing the amount of drug waste worth 1,000 million baht per year. Approximately 1 times as much as the automated drug transport robot B-Hive1 was jointly developed by a team of researchers from the Center of Excellence. Life Sciences or TCELS, Ministry of Science and Technology, Supreme Hythera Co., Ltd. and a team of students from the Institute of Field Robotics B-Hive1 was created to solve the problem of the limited dispensing system in the Thai medical and public health sectors, such as traditional dispensing machines that could not dispense all forms of medicine, such as powders, boxes or bottles, and speed constraints that could not accommodate the volume of patients who came to receive medicines at Mallika Hospital. Pathumwan Private Research Team It was revealed that foreign robots were robot arms. Use your hand to handle the medicine box one by one, which is a bit slow, but our ejection method will be able to eject at the same time. The speed of Beehive-One is 150 pills per hour, which if you want more speed, increase the number of dispensers to dispense more medicines. In addition, the remaining information of each drug is checked and delivered to the pharmacist through a complete conveyor system. Reduce the workload of pharmacists to just check medications. This will save the budget from reducing the amount of drug waste worth 1,000 million baht per year. About 1x
Reaction to searchers on "Google" Adjust the logo |Reaction to the searchers today (September 2, 2015) Internet surfers wake up to the changed logo of "Google". Excite the world Whether it is a Thai or foreign internet surfer. There have been different reactions to the word "google" letters, likes and dislikes, and most see the change as a result of Google's CEO change in early August. "Sundar Pichai" The 43-year-old Indian American became the new CEO in early August. Just a month later, Google renewed the buzz by changing the logo font that many say looks more modern. While some criticized it for being too "serious" and not as fun as Google's habits, on social media Twitter. It seems that the people who are most troubled by the new logo are people with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), who have all posted complaints about the disorderly "e", The Guardian reported. Newly established to break up business lines hoping to increase revenue After losing a lot of money on the Moonshot project, or robot cars, and other projects, the company surprised the social community with a new Google brand reshaping in 16 years today (September 2, 2015) to celebrate a turning point in Google's history. After undergoing a major facelift in 1999 before last revising in 2013 with the sixth change to Google's brand font, the tech blog Gizmodo added that Google's new logo was designed to be easily visible and perceived. With a non-sat or gothic font that's perfect for memorable headlines, it solves the problem of distorted Google titles. When the font size is compressed to a smaller size with technological devices like Smartphones Tablets and smartwatches Crossing such multiple platforms and applications often makes the G look like a C. From traditional logos crafted from serif, or Roman fonts suitable for print media, Gizmodo technology blogs reported that Google's newest font also comes with loading speeds, with the search engine's latest logo file being only 305 bytes, while the previous logo was as large as 14,000 bytes, resulting in web pages loading faster. It is conducive to users who do not have much internet speed. Meanwhile, internet surfers around the world are very excited about Google's font change. Many people have posted messages on Twitter applications such as @roshanjamkatel, seeing Google's new logo as giving it a sweeter look. While @VentureUp states that Google's transformation is a never-ending imagination. @XBusinessKe sees this change as a promise from Google that smart device users will have a better search engine experience. One of the people who commented on this change in Google's logo was people who said they had obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and couldn't see anything out of order, who complained that the tilted "e" of the new logo was causing them to relapse. Twitter user @ckphotoonline Another OCD resident said she couldn't sleep because she closed her eyes and only saw Google's slanted "e". Google launches "Sundar Pichai" The 43-year-old Indian American became the new CEO in early August. Just a month later, Google renewed the buzz by changing the logo font that many say looks more modern. While some criticized it for being too "serious" and not as fun as Google's habits, on social media Twitter. It seems that the people who are most troubled by the new logo are people with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), who have all posted complaints about the disorderly "e", The Guardian reported. Newly established to break up business lines hoping to increase revenue After losing a lot of money on the Moonshot project, or robot cars, and other projects, the company surprised the social community with a new Google brand reshaping in 16 years today (September 2, 2015) to celebrate a turning point in Google's history. After undergoing a major facelift in 1999 before last revising in 2013 with the sixth change to Google's brand font, the tech blog Gizmodo added that Google's new logo was designed to be easily visible and perceived. With a non-sat or gothic font that's perfect for memorable headlines, it solves the problem of distorted Google titles. When the font size is compressed to a smaller size with technological devices like Smartphones Tablets and smartwatches Crossing such multiple platforms and applications often makes the G look like a C. From traditional logos crafted from serif, or Roman fonts suitable for print media, Gizmodo technology blogs reported that Google's newest font also comes with loading speeds, with the search engine's latest logo file being only 305 bytes, while the previous logo was as large as 14,000 bytes, resulting in web pages loading faster. It is conducive to users who do not have much internet speed. Meanwhile, internet surfers around the world are very excited about Google's font change. Many people have posted messages on Twitter applications such as @roshanjamkatel, seeing Google's new logo as giving it a sweeter look. While @VentureUp states that Google's transformation is a never-ending imagination. @XBusinessKe sees this change as a promise from Google that smart device users will have a better search engine experience. One of the people who commented on this change in Google's logo was people who said they had obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), who couldn't see anything out of order, who complained that the tilted "e" of the new logo was causing them to relapse. "Excuse me right now, it drives me crazy," Twitter user @ckphotoonline said. Another OCD resident said she couldn't sleep because she closed her eyes and only saw Google's slanted "e."
"Wisarut Angkatavanich" reveals ownership of the photo idea "Betta fish" used in the launch event of iPhone 6S-6S Plus| At Apple's new product launch event yesterday night (September 9, 2015). Many people have seen the colorful and eye-catching Betta fish background displayed on the screens of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The Thai Betta fish that appeared to Apple fans around the world was inspired by the work of a young Thai photographer named "Wisarut Angkatavanich". A reporter for Thai PBS website confirmed from Mr. Wisarut that the Betta fish photos that appeared at the launch event of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus were inspired by his work on photographing betta fish. All in all. The series was completely filmed in Thailand.Reporters reported that Apple's agency contacted Mr. Wisarut to be a consultant for the team that filmed the betta fish. The reporter added that on Visarute Angkatavanich's Facebook page, news, images and messages of joy were shared. From fans and people who know Mr. Wisarut a lot. Some groups say Wisarut's work may make Thai betta fish as far as the world. While some people state that Thai craftsmanship is extraordinary and feel proud on behalf of all Thais, Wisarut's artistic Betta photos are different in dimension. The sharp details and the ability to catch the rhythm of the inflated betta tail, showing off its beautiful colors spread widely, making Wisarut's work in demand in print media and online media in many countries. Follow the behind-the-scenes look at the Betta photography of Wisarut Angkatavanich, broadcast on March 24, 2014 at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh9tP_z6WVU A reporter on Thai PBS website confirmed from Mr. Wisarut that the Betta fish photographs that appeared at the launch event of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus were inspired by his Betta photography work. All in all. The series was completely filmed in Thailand.Reporters reported that Apple's agency contacted Mr. Wisarut to be a consultant for the team that filmed the betta fish. The reporter added that on Visarute Angkatavanich's Facebook page, news, images and messages of joy were shared. From fans and people who know Mr. Wisarut a lot. Some groups say Wisarut's work may make Thai betta fish as far as the world. While some people state that Thai craftsmanship is extraordinary and feel proud on behalf of all Thais, Wisarut's artistic Betta photos are different in dimension. Sharp details and the ability to catch the rhythm of the inflated betta tail, showing off its beautiful colors and spreading widely, make Wisarut's work in demand in print media and online media in many countries. Follow the behind-the-scenes photography of Betta fish by Wisarut Angkatavanich Broadcast on March 24, 2014 at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh9tP_z6WVU 
"NASA" Fireballs found in Thailand on Sept. 7 were confirmed to be meteorites.| Mr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute It was confirmed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The U.S. said a fireball that fell from the sky observed in Bangkok and Kanchanaburi on Sept. 7, 2015, was a meteorite about 3.5 meters in diameter and a mass of about 66 tons. The area where fragments of the meteorite may have fallen after burning in the atmosphere is Sai Yok National Park, Kanchanaburi province, but there are currently no reports that fragments have been found from such objects, Saran said. The brightest speed at the height of the meteorite is about 29.3 kilometers above the Earth, and the area where fragments of the meteorite may have fallen after burning in the atmosphere is Sai Yok National Park, Kanchanaburi Province.
NBTC sets deadline for prepaid mobile phone registration by September 30 before SIM blackout|NBTC sets deadline for prepaid mobile phone registration by September 30 before SIM blackout The NBTC will allow prepaid mobile phone users to register 11 million unregistered SIM cards by September 30. If the deadline expires, the service will be suspended and unavailable from October 1 today (September 21, 2015). Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General, National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) The company said that on September 30, SIM registration will expire for prepaid mobile phone users, with those who do not register their phone numbers suspended and unable to use their numbers from October 1, while there are still about 11 million unregistered phone numbers, representing the remaining amount of about 110 million baht. The average amount is about 10 baht per number. AIS can receive cash back or bank account at any AIS branch, dtac contact the service center, except in case of cash refund. Contact dtac Service Center Srinakarin branch True Cash back or bank account can be received at the service center today (21 September 2015). Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General, National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) The company said that on September 30, SIM registration will expire for prepaid mobile phone users, with those who do not register their phone numbers suspended and unable to use their numbers from October 1, while there are still about 11 million unregistered phone numbers, representing the remaining amount of about 110 million baht. The average amount is about 10 baht per number. AIS can receive cash back or bank account at any AIS branch, dtac contact the service center, except in case of cash refund. Contact dtac Service Center Srinakarin branch True Cash back or bank account can be received at any service center.
Experts point out that "single "Gateway" damages Thailand's business as an ASEAN digital economy hub|Experts point out People in the IT industry are reasonably anxious. After the government prepares to push for the establishment of singles. Gateway By assigning the Ministry of ICT responsibility, it will be able to immediately investigate inappropriate information or block information that causes chaos or hatred. Meanwhile, experts see that it will cause business damage to Thailand or lack the opportunity to become the digital economy hub of ASEAN Gateway. It is the gateway to the Internet to the outside world. Connecting one network to another is simply docked, similar to a port, airport, etc. For example, if you use Facebook from your smartphone. Data from smartphones is then forwarded to Internet Service Providers (ISPs) before being forwarded to more than 10 Gateway Service Providers. Even though we are close to each other, communication must go out to servers abroad before coming back again. If the government has a policy to use singles, A single gateway or door, playing Facebook will enter and exit a single gateway only, or back before 1997 when Thailand used to have a single gateway entry. Experts have noted the vulnerability of singles. Gateway for the advantages of singles Gateway is where governments can immediately detect inappropriate information or block information that causes chaos or hatred. As for the downside, it is questioned whether to trust the security of the service provider. Gateway How can you be alone? Internet service prices have risen due to the extension of the ban on the only remaining method. If you don't expand your bandwidth, your internet speed will slow. Countries used singles Gateway Many countries such as China, Laos, North Korea and the Middle East have found that Beijing can control 90 percent of the population from talking about information that affects government agencies or accessing foreign websites such as Google, Facebook, and YouTube. Experts also believe that if this policy is implemented, it will cause business damage to Thailand, lack of foreign confidence, or lack of opportunities to become the hub of ASEAN's digital economy. The government argues that it is a way to maintain security by returning to the Internet access channels as it was nearly 20 years ago.
The ICT ministry's website is now working normally after the Single Gateway opposition group crashed.|The ICT ministry's website is now working normally after the Single Gateway opposition group crashed. The ICT Ministry's website has resumed normal operation. Later yesterday evening, it was not accessible. It is expected that the network of internet citizens and the power of internet surfers joined the campaign against the single policy. Gateway Today (Oct 1, 2015) Journalists reported that the websites of government agencies such as www.mict.go.th of the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Later this evening, the website could not enter the normal page in case the ICT website was down this time. This was after the Thai netizen Network and the Internet Power Group campaigned for those who wanted to oppose the system policy. Singles Single Gateway of the Ministry of ICT that wants to connect the entire country to the Internet abroad through a single gateway through the International Internet Gateway (IIG). From the present there are more than ten gateways. With a symbolic bombardment of websites with the "DdoS" method that allows many people to enter the page at the same time and press the F5 key on the keyboard to refresh. The appointment time was 10:00 p.m. yesterday, but at 6:30 p.m., the ICT Ministry's website could not access the website today (Oct. 1, 2015). Journalists reported that the websites of government agencies such as www.mict.go.th of the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Later this evening, the website could not enter the normal page in case the ICT website was down this time. This was after the Thai netizen Network and the Internet Power Group campaigned for those who wanted to oppose the system policy. Singles Single Gateway of the Ministry of ICT that wants to connect the entire country to the Internet abroad through a single gateway through the International Internet Gateway (IIG). From the present there are more than ten gateways. With a symbolic bombardment of websites with the "DdoS" method that allows many people to enter the page at the same time and press the F5 key on the keyboard to refresh. The appointment time was 10:00 p.m. yesterday, but at 6:30 p.m., the ICT ministry website could not access the website.
Facebook "Citizens Against Single Gateway" strikes 6 government websites around 2 21.00 am today (October 1, 2015) |Facebook "Citizens Against Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall" invites 4,079 page members to get ready to access 6 important government websites at the same time for the second round at 21.00 am today (October 1, 2015). To declare the power against the concept of singles. Recently, all 6 websites are still able to access the page and use normally, except for the Ministry of ICT website, which has problems accessing the website from time to time. Meanwhile, Facebook members of citizens against Single Gateway pointed out that they should not access the website of the Comptroller General's Department. There are patients waiting for reimbursement. Today (Oct. 1, 2015), reporters reported that a Facebook page called "Citizens Against Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall" invited 3,263 Facebook page members at 1:33 p.m. to click on 6 targeted websites simultaneously. To hope that the website will crash in the next 10 minutes in the following order: 1. Thai Government www.thaigov.go.th2. center.isocthai.go.th3.Ministry of Defence www.mod.go.th4.Ministry of Interior www.moi.go.th5. www.rta.mi.th/RTAweb/rtaweb.html6 Comptroller General's Department www.cgd.go.th/wps/portal/cgd Facebook Citizens Against Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall added that after 10 minutes of the news, the websites 1-4 above cannot be accessed and can enter the website page normally within 1 hour. Next, the group invited its members to continue bombarding the targeted website. The emphasis was on doing it one by one to prevent page returns, and after checking at 3:50 p.m., the reporter found that all six of the above websites were still accessible normally. The appointment shows strength against the single idea. The government's gateway for internet users began yesterday (Sept. 30, 2015) targeting the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) website www.mict.go.th The main government websites, such as the Thai government website www.thaigov.go.th, also had difficulty accessing the pages. Today (Oct. 1) Mr. Utom Ms. Nayan, Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) It states that it is currently studying the concept and presentation of the concept of using singles. Mr. Utom also asked those who dissided to sympathize with those who want to access the information of government websites. The gateway is derived from that. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is concerned about young people accessing potentially inappropriate information. จึงให้เจ้าหน้าที่ที่เกี่ยวข้องศึกษาแนวทางในการดูแลผู้สื่อข่าวรายงานว่า ล่าสุดเมื่อเวลา 17.30 น. เฟซบุ๊กพลเมืองต่อต้าน Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall ได้ประกาศชวนให้สมาชิกเพจซึ่งเพิ่มจำนวนขึ้นเป็น 4,079 คน รวมกำลังคลิกเข้าโจมตี 6 เว็บไซต์หลักของรัฐบาลอีกครั้งในเวลา 21.00 น. คืนนี้ (1 ก.ย. 2558) โดยใส่แฮชแทก #‎พลเมืองเกมเมอร์‬ ให้เข้ารวมปฏิบัติการครั้งนี้ด้วย If the first daytime attack fails to bring down all 6 websites, only ICT sites have intermittent access problems. The reporter added that while members of the Citizens Against Single Gateway Facebook page go by the name Chaowat Chanongsak, they will not be able to use the name Chaowat Chanongsak. Commenting on the visit to the Comptroller's Department website, stating, "The Comptroller General, don't do it, there are patients waiting to be reimbursed for treatment." The other member goes by the name Gov Keawlangkar. The post retorted, "It's not about the URL website."  Today (Oct. 1, 2015), reporters reported that a Facebook page called "Citizens Against Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall" invited 3,263 Facebook page members at 1:33 p.m. to click on 6 targeted websites simultaneously. To hope that the website will crash in the next 10 minutes in the following order: 1. Thai Government www.thaigov.go.th2. center.isocthai.go.th3.Ministry of Defence www.mod.go.th4.Ministry of Interior www.moi.go.th5. www.rta.mi.th/RTAweb/rtaweb.html6 Comptroller General's Department www.cgd.go.th/wps/portal/cgd Facebook Citizens Against Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall added that after 10 minutes of the news, the websites 1-4 above cannot be accessed and can enter the website page normally within 1 hour. Next, the group invited its members to continue bombarding the targeted website. The emphasis was on doing it one by one to prevent page returns, and after checking at 3:50 p.m., the reporter found that all six of the above websites were still accessible normally. The appointment shows strength against the single idea. The government's gateway for internet users began yesterday (Sept. 30, 2015) targeting the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) website www.mict.go.th The main government websites, such as the Thai government website www.thaigov.go.th, also had difficulty accessing the pages. Today (Oct. 1) Mr. Utom Ms. Nayan, Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) It states that it is currently studying the concept and presentation of the concept of using singles. Mr. Utom also asked those who dissided to sympathize with those who want to access the information of government websites. The gateway is derived from that. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is concerned about young people accessing potentially inappropriate information. จึงให้เจ้าหน้าที่ที่เกี่ยวข้องศึกษาแนวทางในการดูแลผู้สื่อข่าวรายงานว่า ล่าสุดเมื่อเวลา 17.30 น. เฟซบุ๊กพลเมืองต่อต้าน Single Gateway : Thailand Internet Firewall ได้ประกาศชวนให้สมาชิกเพจซึ่งเพิ่มจำนวนขึ้นเป็น 4,079 คน รวมกำลังคลิกเข้าโจมตี 6 เว็บไซต์หลักของรัฐบาลอีกครั้งในเวลา 21.00 น. คืนนี้ (1 ก.ย. 2558) โดยใส่แฮชแทก #‎พลเมืองเกมเมอร์‬ ให้เข้ารวมปฏิบัติการครั้งนี้ด้วย If the first daytime attack fails to bring down all 6 websites, only ICT sites have intermittent access problems. The reporter added that while members of the Citizens Against Single Gateway Facebook page go by the name Chaowat Chanongsak, they will not be able to use the name Chaowat Chanongsak. Commenting on the visit to the Comptroller's Department website, stating, "The Comptroller General, don't do it, there are patients waiting to be reimbursed for treatment." The other member goes by the name Gov Keawlangkar. The post retorted, "It's not about the URL website."  
Frost Reveals Telecommunications Trends in the Year of the Golden Dragon (Part 1)|Frost Reveals Telecommunications Trends in the Year of the Golden Dragon (Part 1)Mr. Mark Einstein, Industry Manager Frost & Sullivan, a global consulting and research organization Reveal the trends of the telecommunications industry in Asia. In 2012, Trend 1: SmartphonesThis year will be the year of efforts of both Nokia and Japanese device manufacturers. Of course, after the advent of Apple's iOS and Google's Android, other players were left in their seats.   This year, Nokia, after partnering with Microsoft, must push Windows Mobile to penetrate the market in this region. Other Nokia phone models will also promote Nokia stores to add value to their devices in the past in markets like Japan more than 20 years ago. But at present, SoftBank, KDDI, and even NTT DoCoMO are geared towards iPhone5, forcing Japanese manufacturers to adapt quickly to survive. RIM is likely to continue in Southeast Asia.    LG still needs to develop new strategies to penetrate the smartphone market like others. Trend 2: Mobile BroadbandNeighboring countries such as the People's Republic of China and India have installed 4G service systems with TD-LTE standard, which is good because both countries previously had a significant delay in the introduction of 3G services. In addition, it is predicted that we may see the country. Malaysia, New Zealand and Taiwan are set to launch 4G LTE in late 2012 or early 2013. As for the house, we will see the news as a trial period of 4G LTE by operators ahead of Trend 3: Mobile Payments, although 2012 was declared the year of NFC and there was support from many mobile device manufacturers.    Singapore and South Korea will be the first countries in the region to adopt NFC.  However, the business model is still at the beginning and not as perfect as it should be. Meanwhile, traditional forms of mobile payments such as SMS debits in developing countries continue to work. Trend 4: Telecom vendorsThis year is another year to keep an eye on telecom network equipment manufacturers. In addition, 2012 was a year of intense competition for Ericsson, Huawei and ZTE, and we believe that we may see more companies in this sector join hands or merge altogether in the near future. Mark Einstein, Industry Manager Frost & Sullivan, a global consulting and research organization Reveal the trends of the telecommunications industry in Asia. In 2012, Trend 1: SmartphonesThis year will be the year of efforts of both Nokia and Japanese device manufacturers. Of course, after the advent of Apple's iOS and Google's Android, other players were left in their seats.   This year, Nokia, after partnering with Microsoft, must push Windows Mobile to penetrate the market in this region. Other Nokia phone models will also promote Nokia stores to add value to their devices in the past in markets like Japan more than 20 years ago. But at present, SoftBank, KDDI, and even NTT DoCoMO are geared towards iPhone5, forcing Japanese manufacturers to adapt quickly to survive. RIM is likely to continue in Southeast Asia.    LG still needs to develop new strategies to penetrate the smartphone market like others. Trend 2: Mobile BroadbandNeighboring countries such as the People's Republic of China and India have installed 4G service systems with TD-LTE standard, which is good because both countries previously had a significant delay in the introduction of 3G services. In addition, it is predicted that we may see the country. Malaysia, New Zealand and Taiwan are set to launch 4G LTE in late 2012 or early 2013. As for the house, we will see the news as a trial period of 4G LTE by operators ahead of Trend 3: Mobile Payments, although 2012 was declared the year of NFC and there was support from many mobile device manufacturers.    Singapore and South Korea will be the first countries in the region to adopt NFC.  However, the business model is still at the beginning and not as perfect as it should be. Meanwhile, traditional forms of mobile payments such as SMS debits in developing countries continue to work. Trend 4: Telecom vendorsThis year is another year to keep an eye on telecom network equipment manufacturers. How will Nokia-Siemens Network (NSN) and Alcatel-Lucent launch their mobile broadband strategies after announcing significant staff cuts over the past year? 
"App" from Thai University surpasses downloads on Nokia Store| Nokia reveals that applications developed by developers from Thai universities have surpassed the target of downloads from Nokia users around the world after its release. These applications are the result of Tap That App, which Nokia has initiated, a pilot project in the wireless communication technology industry that supports the Thai ecosystem of application developers. To empower the creativity and creativity of young app developers at the university level, Nokia has established the Mobile Innosphere Center at participating universities as a training center for mobile communication technology for students and university staff.  After training Selected applications will be published on the Nokia Store for download by Nokia mobile users around the world. "As a leader in mobility, Nokia combines cutting-edge technology with the creation of personalised services and fosters a culture of innovation that benefits consumers.  We are delighted to see the work of Thai apps on Nokia Store, showcasing the potential of Thailand's next generation of developers. The most downloaded apps created by students and faculty from Assumption University, Chiang Mai University and Chulalongkorn University are: WatchDoggy, an app with over 100,000 downloads, created by a team of developers from Assumption University, is a useful application that allows users to see live images from IP cameras where you can add new cameras, fix old ones, and delete existing ones. Tilt Blocks Gravity is a new and unique color block puzzle game that relies on the gravity of the universe by rotating your mobile phone back and forth to split and stack colored blocks, and fight the level of gravity that affects falling blocks. MiniMatch is a picture matching game suitable for the whole family. There are more than 6 pictures in each stage of the game, which you have to find and match to advance to the next level. Wheresphone is an application that allows you to search for your mobile phone by recording a voice in case you can't find it where you are. Check My Lung  Applications to help diagnose lung health It can be used by both asthma patients or health-conscious people. The app includes a lung health monitoring system and a lung performance testing system. Easy to use Nokia plans to continue the Tap That App project in partnership with Thai universities to empower Thai new-blood developers to compete in the global market and generate revenue back to the country.  www.nokia.com These applications are the result of the Tap That App project, which Nokia has initiated, a pilot project in the wireless communication technology industry that supports the Thai ecosystem of application developers. To empower the creativity and creativity of young app developers at the university level, Nokia has established the Mobile Innosphere Center at participating universities as a training center for mobile communication technology for students and university staff.  After training Selected applications will be published on the Nokia Store for download by Nokia mobile users around the world. "As a leader in mobility, Nokia combines cutting-edge technology with the creation of personalised services and fosters a culture of innovation that benefits consumers.  We are delighted to see the work of Thai apps on Nokia Store, showcasing the potential of Thailand's next generation of developers. The most downloaded apps created by students and faculty from Assumption University, Chiang Mai University and Chulalongkorn University are: WatchDoggy, an app with over 100,000 downloads, created by a team of developers from Assumption University, is a useful application that allows users to see live images from IP cameras where you can add new cameras, fix old ones, and delete existing ones. Tilt Blocks Gravity is a new and unique color block puzzle game that relies on the gravity of the universe by rotating your mobile phone back and forth to split and stack colored blocks, and fight the level of gravity that affects falling blocks. MiniMatch is a picture matching game suitable for the whole family. There are more than 6 pictures in each stage of the game, which you have to find and match to advance to the next level. Wheresphone is an application that allows you to search for your mobile phone by recording a voice in case you can't find it where you are. Check My Lung  Applications to help diagnose lung health It can be used by both asthma patients or health-conscious people. The app includes a lung health monitoring system and a lung performance testing system. Easy to use Nokia plans to continue the Tap That App project in partnership with Thai universities to empower Thai new-blood developers to compete in the global market and generate revenue back to the country.  Interested in downloading applications by young Thai developers at www.nokia.com  
Visit Machu Picchu 1 In 7 wonders of the modern world, through your fingertips. "Google Street View"|Sightseeing For those who dream of visiting Machu Picchu, an ancient site recognized as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World and a UNESCO World Heritage Site, it feels out of reach because this World Heritage Site is as far away as Peru. But now, Machu Picchu can be visited in 360 degrees without having to fly across the water across the sea. When Google created a map of this precious historical site, it was uploaded to Google Maps.
Mahidol-Chula researched the pathogen found in the year 54, did not find leptospirosis as far as concerned. |Mahidol-Chula researched the pathogen found in the year 54, did not find leptospirosis as far as concerned. Mahidol University and NSTDA's joint production of microbial water experiments sprayed at wastewater found to kill larvae. Research on pathogens found in the 2011 flood did not find leptospirosis, but most cases were found with water bite and wound infections than Mahidol University in collaboration with the Office of Science and Technology (NSTDA). Held an academic dialogue and exchange of knowledge on "Effects of flooding on health and research to cope with it" by disseminating research data on pathogens found in floods by academics in science and medicine from Mahidol University and Chulalongkorn University using the method of randomly testing people exposed to flooding and checking for water pathogens. Director, Institute of Molecular Biosciences, Mahidol University He said that although no outbreaks were detected during the 2011 floods, the results of this academic research will be the data for further research. Dengue fever is rare in flooded areas because Aedes mosquitoes, which carry the disease, are usually in clear water sources, but they are found after flooding. Mahidol University and NSTDA's jointly produced 7,000 liters of bacterial julintree to spray sewage areas with mosquito larvae. An additional 50,000 liters will be produced, Mahidol University in collaboration with the Office of Science and Technology (NSTDA). Held an academic dialogue and exchange of knowledge on "Effects of flooding on health and research to cope with it" by disseminating research data on pathogens found in floods by academics in science and medicine from Mahidol University and Chulalongkorn University using the method of randomly testing people exposed to flooding and checking for water pathogens. Director, Institute of Molecular Biosciences, Mahidol University He said that although no outbreaks were detected during the 2011 floods, the results of this academic research will be the data for further research. Dengue fever is rare in flooded areas because Aedes mosquitoes, which carry the disease, are usually in clear water sources, but they are found after flooding. Mahidol University and NSTDA's jointly produced 7,000 liters of bacterial julintree to spray sewage areas with mosquito larvae. It was found to kill larvae, so an additional 50,000 liters will be produced.
Sue is a model Consumers give two lessons to net companies repeatedly collecting debt|Sue is a model Consumers give two lessons to net companies repeatedly collecting debt referee NBTC Identify consumers should check and collect bills every time. Debt protection germinates consumers, wins trial court case After being repeatedly collected by the net company. The NBTC identified an interesting case for other consumers, including the company, to be prudent in collecting service fees with customers. Pravit states consumers should check and collect bills every time. Debt prevention Ms. Saree Ongsomwang   Chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications The Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications received a complaint. From Mr. Nattapong Ekarohit The complainant stated that he was an internet user of TT & T Substraiber Co., Ltd. However, in 2009, the Company merged with Triple T Internet Co., Ltd., affecting the petitioner because during the merger, the complainant had terminated the internet service and paid the service fee in full. Eventually, this complainant decided to file a lawsuit against the service provider in the civil court. The Court of First Instance considered that the petitioner had terminated the contract with the Company and paid the service fee to the Company in full. The fact that the employees of the Company also telephoned the petitioner to pay for the service several times and had written to prosecute the complainant can be considered that the Internet Service Provider Company was grossly negligent in failing to verify that the complainant had terminated the contract and paid the debt to the Company in full. Therefore, the circumstances of the Company can be considered as infringement against the petitioner and consider the two companies, TT&T Subschclimber. "In this case, the trial court found that the two companies were business operators with gross negligence and did not cause damage to consumers. Therefore, a punitive judgment was issued for both companies to pay more damages. In this case, the complainant claims that the company has collected duplicate debts in the amount of more than nine hundred baht. " said Ms. Saree, chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications, that this case is an interesting example of how consumers have risen up to the court process on their own. However, since this case is pending in court. Therefore, the directors cannot go beyond that, but they want to publicize to consumers their rights to be able to bring the matter directly to litigation, and what happens will be a lesson to the company's prudence and caution in collecting money for services from consumers. And from the investigation of complaints by the same company. Throughout 2011, there were no cases of similar complaints.   Li Sathapornwongsa   The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) said the problem was caused by the change of service providers. Changing telecommunications providers without authorization or consumer consent is illegal.  "Companies like to set up a company in the network and change service companies without perhaps consumers knowing, only when they look at the invoice head or bill, but the contract has never actually changed.  In the case where consumers agree to change and collect the service fee, neither the old company nor the new company will have the right to collect the debt repeatedly, of course, but the consumer's point is to check the service invoice and keep evidence of invoices and receipts. To prevent debt problems such as this case, "NBTC Pravit said Ms. Saree Ongsomwang   Chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications The Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications received a complaint. From Mr. Nattapong Ekarohit The complainant stated that he was an internet user of TT & T Substraiber Co., Ltd. However, in 2009, the Company merged with Triple T Internet Co., Ltd., affecting the petitioner because during the merger, the complainant had terminated the internet service and paid the service fee in full. Eventually, this complainant decided to file a lawsuit against the service provider in the civil court. The Court of First Instance considered that the petitioner had terminated the contract with the Company and paid the service fee to the Company in full. The fact that the employees of the Company also telephoned the petitioner to pay for the service several times and had written to prosecute the complainant can be considered that the Internet Service Provider Company was grossly negligent in failing to verify that the complainant had terminated the contract and paid the debt to the Company in full. Therefore, the circumstances of the Company can be considered as infringement against the petitioner and consider the two companies, TT&T Subschclimber. "In this case, the trial court found that the two companies were business operators with gross negligence and did not cause damage to consumers. Therefore, a punitive judgment was issued for both companies to pay more damages. In this case, the complainant claims that the company has collected duplicate debts in the amount of more than nine hundred baht. " said Ms. Saree, chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications, that this case is an interesting example of how consumers have risen up to the court process on their own. However, since this case is pending in court. Therefore, the directors cannot go beyond that, but they want to publicize to consumers their rights to be able to bring the matter directly to litigation, and what happens will be a lesson to the company's prudence and caution in collecting money for services from consumers. And from the investigation of complaints by the same company. Throughout 2011, there were no cases of similar complaints.   Li Sathapornwongsa   The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) said the problem was caused by the change of service providers. Changing telecommunications providers without authorization or consumer consent is illegal.  "Companies like to set up a company in the network and change service companies without perhaps consumers knowing, only when they look at the invoice head or bill, but the contract has never actually changed.  In the case where consumers agree to change and collect the service fee, neither the old company nor the new company will have the right to collect the debt repeatedly, of course, but the consumer's point is to check the service invoice and keep evidence of invoices and receipts. To prevent debt problems such as this case, "NBTC Pravit said.
NCC parades to see "meteor shower" on top of Doi Inthanon Not disappointed, saw more than expected.|NCC parade to watch People watch the Geminids meteor shower. At the top of Doi Inthanon, Chiang Mai province a lot last night (14 Dec 2015). They all fulfilled their wishes because they saw thousands of shooting stars. Beautiful impression amidst the cold around 5 degrees Celsius. The Institute of Astronomical Research stated. In addition to being a moonlit night, the rate of fall per hour is higher than in all previous years, making it the "golden year of the Geminids meteor shower", the National Astronomical Research Institute's Observatory said. On the top of Doi Inthanon, you can see the phenomenon of the Geminids meteor shower or double person meteor shower last night, a white streak across the sky that can be clearly seen with the naked eye.   Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute The Geminids meteor shower or double person meteor shower at the top of Doi Inthanon tonight. It began to be seen at around 21:00 a.m., saw white streaks across the sky, clearly visible to the naked eye, and began to be seen more frequently until midnight, counting more than 500 shooting stars. The Geminids meteor shower is characterized by not having much meteor speed. Therefore, it can be easily observed and can invite friends next to you to see the shooting star in a timely manner. Of these, there are also several bright fireballs to be seen. Throughout the period when the shooting star is visible, there will be a buzz. The occasional cheers and calls make the atmosphere of watching the Geminids meteor shower lively. It does not disappoint to predict that this year will be the golden year of the Geminids meteor shower.  Miss Pranita Seppankham Astronomical Information Officer Dr. Sodr. told us how to count the number of Geminids meteor showers last night (Dec. 14) that officials used the method of counting in groups of 4 people sitting with their backs facing each other in 4 directions, allowing them to see the meteors coming from all directions accurately. From 10 p.m. to 12 a.m., more than 500 stars, about a quarter of which are seen in the east and west. The atmosphere at the observatory commemorates the 7th anniversary of His Majesty the King's Birthday, Chachoengsao and Nakhon Ratchasima. More than a thousand people are interested in participating in the Geminids meteor shower. Meteors began to be observed at around 21 a.m., counting about 100 stars per hour. In other provinces, we have been informed by members of the institute's fan page that they have seen meteors in many parts of the country such as Phitsanulok, Buriram, Bangkok, Chonburi, Kanchanaburi, Udon Thani, Khon Kaen, Surin, Sisaket, Krabi, etc. More than 500 Naresuan University students witnessed the meteor shower in the courtyard of King Naresuan the Great. By favorable weather conditions. The sky is open, the air is cold, causing intermittent meteor showers. It excites students a lot as the Geminids meteor viewing atmosphere In Chiang Rai, there are Many students and members of the public came to Chiang Rai Rajabhat University Observatory to see the meteor shower phenomenon. It is formed by a stream of dust, solids and ice left in the orbit of the asteroid 3200Phaeton, cutting through the Earth's orbit. This causes the dust of those asteroids to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. During December 4-17 every year, the Observatory of the National Astronomical Research Institute on the top of Doi Inthanon saw the phenomenon of the Geminids meteor shower or double person meteor shower last night.   Dr. Saran Posayachinda Deputy Director, National Astronomical Research Institute The Geminids meteor shower or double person meteor shower at the top of Doi Inthanon tonight. It began to be seen at around 21:00 a.m., saw white streaks across the sky, clearly visible to the naked eye, and began to be seen more frequently until midnight, counting more than 500 shooting stars. The Geminids meteor shower is characterized by not having much meteor speed. Therefore, it can be easily observed and can invite friends next to you to see the shooting star in a timely manner. Of these, there are also several bright fireballs to be seen. Throughout the period when the shooting star is visible, there will be a buzz. The occasional cheers and calls make the atmosphere of watching the Geminids meteor shower lively. It does not disappoint to predict that this year will be the golden year of the Geminids meteor shower.  Miss Pranita Seppankham Astronomical Information Officer Dr. Sodr. told us how to count the number of Geminids meteor showers last night (Dec. 14) that officials used the method of counting in groups of 4 people sitting with their backs facing each other in 4 directions, allowing them to see the meteors coming from all directions accurately. From 10 p.m. to 12 a.m., more than 500 stars, about a quarter of which are seen in the east and west. The atmosphere at the observatory commemorates the 7th anniversary of His Majesty the King's Birthday, Chachoengsao and Nakhon Ratchasima. More than a thousand people are interested in participating in the Geminids meteor shower. Meteors began to be observed at around 21 a.m., counting about 100 stars per hour. In other provinces, we have been informed by members of the institute's fan page that they have seen meteors in many parts of the country such as Phitsanulok, Buriram, Bangkok, Chonburi, Kanchanaburi, Udon Thani, Khon Kaen, Surin, Sisaket, Krabi, etc. More than 500 Naresuan University students witnessed the meteor shower in the courtyard of King Naresuan the Great. By favorable weather conditions. The sky is open, the air is cold, causing intermittent meteor showers. It excites students a lot as the Geminids meteor viewing atmosphere In Chiang Rai, there are Many students and members of the public came to Chiang Rai Rajabhat University Observatory to see the meteor shower phenomenon. It is formed by a stream of dust, solids and ice left in the orbit of the asteroid 3200Phaeton, cutting through the Earth's orbit. This causes the dust of those asteroids to rub against the Earth's atmosphere. It burns until it appears as a flash of light like a fireball running across the sky during December 4-17 every year.
NBC Joins Hands with Krungthai to Develop Payment System to Facilitate Online Transfers and Payments|NBC Joins Hands with Krungthai to Develop Payment System to Facilitate Online Transfers and Payments National Housing Authority (NCD) Krungthai Bank Public Company Limited joined hands to develop the Bank's electronic payment system, KTB Convenience Cheque and KTBe-Cheque, in hopes of facilitating the transfer and payment of funds by the National Housing Authority and its trading partners on February 21, 2012. Mrs. Pansubha Yuttuparn Boriparn, Deputy Governor of the National Housing Authority and Mrs. Sriprapa Pringpong, Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Public Sector Business Division, Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited, signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Financial Services through KTBConvenience Cheque and KTB e-Cheque systems at Room 1401 PCL. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited  To facilitate the transfer and payment of funds of the National Housing Authority as well as its trading partners. Under the agreement, Krungthai Bank will develop the Bank's data link system with the National Housing Authority's SAP system to support both types of services. In the KTB Convenience Cheque system, Krungthai Bank will print cheques, pay cheques and follow up with National Housing Authority partners to collect cheques. In the KTBe-Cheque system, Krungthai Bank will send cheques in SMS format to mobile phones of retail customers of the National Housing Authority. Hours via KTB Corporate Online service from the process of submitting information for printing cheques until the cheques are cashed to Mrs. Pansubha Yuttuparn Boriparn Deputy Governor of the National Housing Authority said Krungthai Bank's expertise and cutting-edge technology will ease the burden of financial management. and cheque payment services to National Housing Authority partners to make it easier to receive services. In addition, it has affected the image of the National Housing Authority being modernized by adopting IT systems. Help in the administration more. On February 21, 2012 Mrs. Pansubha Yuttuparn Boriparn, Deputy Governor of the National Housing Authority and Mrs. Sriprapa Pringpong, Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Public Sector Business Division, Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited, signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Financial Services through KTBConvenience Cheque and KTB e-Cheque systems at Room 1401 PCL. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited  To facilitate the transfer and payment of funds of the National Housing Authority as well as its trading partners. Under the agreement, Krungthai Bank will develop the Bank's data link system with the National Housing Authority's SAP system to support both types of services. In the KTB Convenience Cheque system, Krungthai Bank will print cheques, pay cheques and follow up with National Housing Authority partners to collect cheques. In the KTBe-Cheque system, Krungthai Bank will send cheques in SMS format to mobile phones of retail customers of the National Housing Authority. Hours via KTB Corporate Online service from the process of submitting information for printing cheques until the cheques are cashed to Mrs. Pansubha Yuttuparn Boriparn Deputy Governor of the National Housing Authority said Krungthai Bank's expertise and cutting-edge technology will ease the burden of financial management. and cheque payment services to National Housing Authority partners to make it easier to receive services. In addition, it has affected the image of the National Housing Authority being modernized by adopting IT systems. Help in the administration more. 
Govt. Govt. Make a real-time traffic reporting application Get it for free|Govt. Govt. Make a real-time traffic reporting application Free download in collaboration with Samart Multimedia Co., Ltd. and dtac Create a real-time traffic reporting application for iPhone mobile phone users can download for free from the app store. Download from Android MarketPol. Maj. Gen. Winai Thongthong Commander of the Metropolitan Police Revealed that it has handed over to the Traffic Police Division together with Samart Multimedia Co., Ltd. and dtac. Establish the Traffic Police by dtac application to provide traffic information by viewing traffic conditions in real time and having information that the public communicates via social media reported on Twitter and Facebook from ordinary motorists. Pol Maj Gen Worasak Nopasitporn, deputy chief of police, revealed that the www.trafficpolice.go.th website has now been revised to be more interesting and pleasant to use. It connects and disseminates information on social networks such as www.facebook.com and www.twitter.com, which has attracted the attention of the public with 142,888 monthly visits. As for visits from 2002 to the present, there are 15.4 million visits. The company said iPhone users can download the Traffic Police by dtac app from the app store.  Download from Android Market for free You can view traffic conditions in real time or instantly at that time by retrieving images from 60 CCTV cameras throughout Bangkok to instantly view traffic conditions and can view them back for 5 minutes. Revealed that it has handed over to the Traffic Police Division together with Samart Multimedia Co., Ltd. and dtac. Establish the Traffic Police by dtac application to provide traffic information by viewing traffic conditions in real time and having information that the public communicates via social media reported on Twitter and Facebook from ordinary motorists. Pol Maj Gen Worasak Nopasitporn, deputy chief of police, revealed that the www.trafficpolice.go.th website has now been revised to be more interesting and pleasant to use. It connects and disseminates information on social networks such as www.facebook.com and www.twitter.com, which has attracted the attention of the public with 142,888 monthly visits. As for visits from 2002 to the present, there are 15.4 million visits. The company said iPhone users can download the Traffic Police by dtac app from the app store.  Download from Android Market for free You can view traffic conditions in real time or instantly at that time by retrieving images from 60 CCTV cameras throughout Bangkok to instantly view traffic conditions and can view them back 5 minutes.
NBTC Mobilize stakeholders to discuss the issue of "old money cabinet"|NBTC Mobilize stakeholders to discuss NBTC issues Pravit Lisathapravongsa invited representatives BOT ICT discusses online top-up kiosk problem After consumers faced problems with mobile phone bills, but could not find the person responsible, they were sued for damages. In the case of the problem of the online mobile top-up machine eating up the user's money of 100 baht, causing a quarrel between the online top-up top-up person who is only a security guard and the owner of the top-up machine, and finally the top-up person was sued for damages of 80,000 baht.  National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) On February 24, a joint meeting was held between representatives from the Bank of Thailand. Representatives from the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology Representatives from the Office of the Consumer Protection Board and related agencies of the NBTC By inviting representatives Fort Smart Service Co., Ltd. or the operator of "Boon Tom Box", a major online top-up kiosk in Thailand. Because it is seen that the prepaid kiosk service to use telecommunication services as it is news has no specific regulatory agency. As a result, consumers are not protected and cannot exercise their right to complain when they encounter problems. "Nowadays, the form of topping up through prepaid kiosks has expanded more and more because mobile companies want to reduce the cost of topping up via prepaid cards that require a code and are prone to hacking or being cheated. Consumers simply have no evidence to claim it. While most of the statistics provided by the service provider. Online top-up will naturally err by about 1 percent, with mobile top-up amounts amounting to around 9 billion baht per month, so it is evident that this is a problem that has far-reaching and severe consequences." Mr. Prawit mentioned the importance of the exchange of the meeting, revealing that there are 2 main types of online top-up machines at present, namely GPRS or internet signals as a communication between the prepaid machines and the server of the online prepaid system company. Another type of top-up kiosk will act as a mobile phone, which inside the kiosk has a SIM card of every mobile camp. When the user uses the coin or bank to top up. The SIM card will send information as SMS or USSD code to various mobile networks to communicate that to top up the system of that number. Therefore, if the communication signal is interrupted, there is a problem of money not entering the system." The first type of system, the kiosk will be responsible for collecting money and sending instructions to the server of the online top-up company. When there is a transaction at the kiosk, the company will keep all the information that this number has been topped up at this kiosk and has not been serviced, or over-topped up because the machine cannot change money, but we have a credit system for customers to use for the next top-up. In addition, there is a 24-hour customer service center with a top-up fee of 2 baht per time, while the SIM cabinet system will cause more problems because it uses the communication system through each company's network and responds with SMS, which the communication system is not stable enough. And when there is a problem in using the service, it will be difficult to prove the facts," said a representative of Fort Smart Service Co., Ltd. about both types of service systems, which the company had previously operated as a SIM system and encountered problems, so they developed a system to have a central server. The Bank of Thailand pointed out that online top-up kiosks are not the nature of payment services, but rather the nature of goods trading services, that is, they are a channel for receiving money to pay for the services of the mobile network. Therefore, it is not subject to the Royal Decree on Supervision of Electronic Payment Services Business. However, the Meeting considered that such cases were considered as electronic transaction service businesses that should be enacted to regulate them in accordance with the provisions of Section 32 of the Electronic Transactions Act. "Many agencies have made it clear that they do not have the authority to supervise this type of service, and that when most prepaid kiosks are topped up mainly for mobile services, it is the regulatory authority of the NBTC, which I have assigned to the NBTC to process the problem and find a solution to proceed. The owner of the product or service is also responsible, but the challenge is how to get the consumer relief immediately. Therefore, it must be used the principle that the destination is responsible first and then clear each other in the operator that provides continuous services for several generations. In addition, the interesting issue is whether it is legal to charge 2-5 baht per top-up because compared to buying a 100-baht prepaid card, consumers get 100 baht into the system. There is no charge for the card, but topping up via the kiosk to the system is 10 baht, you have to pay 12 baht. It is a matter to consider whether there is a right to collect or not," Mr. Prawit said, adding that the service of the prepaid kiosk is not limited to topping up for mobile service only, but also about games or other products and services. On February 24, a joint meeting was held between representatives from the Bank of Thailand. Representatives from the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology Representatives from the Office of the Consumer Protection Board and related agencies of the NBTC By inviting representatives Fort Smart Service Co., Ltd. or the operator of "Boon Tom Box", a major online top-up kiosk in Thailand. Because it is seen that the prepaid kiosk service to use telecommunication services as it is news has no specific regulatory agency. As a result, consumers are not protected and cannot exercise their right to complain when they encounter problems. "Nowadays, the form of topping up through prepaid kiosks has expanded more and more because mobile companies want to reduce the cost of topping up via prepaid cards that require a code and are prone to hacking or being cheated. Consumers simply have no evidence to claim it. While most of the statistics provided by the service provider. Online top-up will naturally err by about 1 percent, with mobile top-up amounts amounting to around 9 billion baht per month, so it is evident that this is a problem that has far-reaching and severe consequences." Mr. Prawit mentioned the importance of the exchange of the meeting, revealing that there are 2 main types of online top-up machines at present, namely GPRS or internet signals as a communication between the prepaid machines and the server of the online prepaid system company. Another type of top-up kiosk will act as a mobile phone, which inside the kiosk has a SIM card of every mobile camp. When the user uses the coin or bank to top up. The SIM card will send information as SMS or USSD code to various mobile networks to communicate that to top up the system of that number. Therefore, if the communication signal is interrupted, there is a problem of money not entering the system." The first type of system, the kiosk will be responsible for collecting money and sending instructions to the server of the online top-up company. When there is a transaction at the kiosk, the company will keep all the information that this number has been topped up at this kiosk and has not been serviced, or over-topped up because the machine cannot change money, but we have a credit system for customers to use for the next top-up. In addition, there is a 24-hour customer service center with a top-up fee of 2 baht per time, while the SIM cabinet system will cause more problems because it uses the communication system through each company's network and responds with SMS, which the communication system is not stable enough. And when there is a problem in using the service, it will be difficult to prove the facts," said a representative of Fort Smart Service Co., Ltd. about both types of service systems, which the company had previously operated as a SIM system and encountered problems, so they developed a system to have a central server. The Bank of Thailand pointed out that online top-up kiosks are not the nature of payment services, but rather the nature of goods trading services, that is, they are a channel for receiving money to pay for the services of the mobile network. Therefore, it is not subject to the Royal Decree on Supervision of Electronic Payment Services Business. However, the Meeting considered that such cases were considered as electronic transaction service businesses that should be enacted to regulate them in accordance with the provisions of Section 32 of the Electronic Transactions Act. "Many agencies have made it clear that they do not have the authority to supervise this type of service, and that when most prepaid kiosks are topped up mainly for mobile services, it is the regulatory authority of the NBTC, which I have assigned to the NBTC to process the problem and find a solution to proceed. The owner of the product or service is also responsible, but the challenge is how to get the consumer relief immediately. Therefore, it must be used the principle that the destination is responsible first and then clear each other in the operator that provides continuous services for several generations. In addition, the interesting issue is whether it is legal to charge 2-5 baht per top-up because compared to buying a 100-baht prepaid card, consumers get 100 baht into the system. There is no charge for the card, but topping up via the kiosk to the system is 10 baht, you have to pay 12 baht. It is a matter to consider whether it has the right to collect or not," Mr. Pravit said, adding that the service of the prepaid kiosk is not limited to topping up for mobile service only, but also the game.  For the supervision of the entire prepaid kiosk service, it is still a matter for relevant agencies to find a common solution.
ICT proposes Cabinet to sign contract for tablet purchase today|ICT proposes Cabinet to sign contract for tablet purchase Today, the Ministry of ICT Prepare to propose to the Cabinet to consider signing a G2G agreement with the Chinese government. Today (March 6), after choosing a counterparty company to buy tablets that will be distributed to students in the first grade. The price of the machine offered by the selected company is 2,430 baht per machine. Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Revealed after the meeting of the Joint Committee on Tablet Policy that the meeting now resolved to select Shenzhen Scope Co., Ltd. Scientifically Development is a party to the agreement between the Thai government and the Chinese government, or G2G agreement. In the 1 Tablet 1 Student Project, a total of 860,000 tablets will be distributed to Grade 1 students. If a contract has already been signed The company will begin delivering the first batch in mid-March and will complete deliveries within three months, with the production capacity gradually increasing to 24,000 units per day. The company is confident that it will be able to produce tablets in time for the start of school in May, and the reason for choosing to contract with the company is because the final bid after negotiation is 81 dollars or 2,430 baht per device for the specification of the Grade 1 tablet that the government has set is a minimum display size of 7 inches with a minimum resolution of 1024x768 Figsell. The processor is not less than 1 GHz and the dual core architecture and the main memory is not less than 512 MB. The operating system must be designed only for tablets or Android 3.2, 2.6, 3.6 or above and support Android 4.0. Minister of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Revealed after the meeting of the Joint Committee on Tablet Policy that the meeting now resolved to select Shenzhen Scope Co., Ltd. Scientifically Development is a party to the agreement between the Thai government and the Chinese government, or G2G agreement. In the 1 Tablet 1 Student Project, a total of 860,000 tablets will be distributed to Grade 1 students. If a contract has already been signed The company will begin delivering the first batch in mid-March and will complete deliveries within three months, with the production capacity gradually increasing to 24,000 units per day. The company is confident that it will be able to produce tablets in time for the start of school in May, and the reason for choosing to contract with the company is because the final bid after negotiation is 81 dollars or 2,430 baht per device for the specification of the Grade 1 tablet that the government has set is a minimum display size of 7 inches with a minimum resolution of 1024x768 Figsell. The processor is not less than 1 GHz and the dual core architecture and the main memory is not less than 512 MB. The operating system must be designed for tablets or Android 3.2, 2.6, 3.6 or above and support Android 4.0.
Microsoft Launches Consumer Version of Windows 8 Preview|Microsoft launches Windows 8 Consumer Preview Microsoft Corporation launches Windows 8 Consumer Preview for general consumers to try out today (March 6) at http://preview.windows.com. Mr. Stephen Sinovski Speaking during the launch event of Windows 8 Consumer Preview in Barcelona, Spain, Microsoft Corporation said that Microsoft imagined Windows 8 to create a different way for users to use and connect to their PCs naturally. For more information and how to download it, please visit http://preview.windows.com. Windows 8 has been developed in all dimensions to support the perfect touch, keyboard, mouse and platform development. Windows 8 Consumer Preview has improved performance, quality, and stability in all aspects of the system, and Windows 8 allows users to select applications and set up their PC as needed. This makes it easier to find and try new applications and is the platform that gives developers the most opportunities. Speaking during the launch event of Windows 8 Consumer Preview in Barcelona, Spain, Microsoft Corporation said that Microsoft imagined Windows 8 to create a different way for users to use and connect to their PCs naturally. For more information and how to download it, please visit http://preview.windows.com. Windows 8 has been developed in all dimensions to support the perfect touch, keyboard, mouse and platform development. Windows 8 Consumer Preview has improved performance, quality, and stability in all aspects of the system, and Windows 8 allows users to select applications and set up their PC as needed. This makes it easier to find and try new applications and is the platform that opens up the most opportunities for developers.
Wikipedia's 15th anniversary reference site surpasses 374 million monthly users worldwide |Wikipedia, one of the world's largest digital encyclopedia, celebrates its 15th anniversary of its establishment and opening. 374 million people worldwide search and reference data per month. More than 70,000 co-authors created 35 million articles in 288 languages today (Jan. 15, 2016), reporting that the Wikipedia website (wikipedia.org), a multilingual encyclopedia of free content on its website, which adds and develops information by users, turns 15 today. After its establishment and opening its services to people all over the world who have access to the Internet. Since its founding in 2001, Wikipedia has grown rapidly to become one of the largest reference websites in the world. As of January 17, 2016, there are 99,548 Thai references that Internet users have co-developed on the Wikipedia website, representing a total of 593,003 pages, 6,612,165 edits, 34,129 files uploaded, while 253,494 registered users, and 15 administrators who are currently working on MediaWiki. Version 1.27.0-WMF.10 (8C14316) The Wikipedia website receives 374 million visitors each month (September 2015) and approximately 70,000 active co-authors are writing over 35,000,000 articles in 288 languages. Who doesn't get any reward for writing. All Wikipedia articles can be written and edited, except for some cases where editing is restricted to prevent interference or harassment. Authors are not required to reveal their real names on Wikipedia, they may use pseudonyms, or they can choose to reveal their real identity. Every day, many visitors edit and create new articles to expand their knowledge on the Wikipedia encyclopedia.The journalist Raya also said that "Wikipedia" is a combination of "wiki", Hawaiian meaning "fast", and an encyclopedia or encyclopedia.
Japanese experts advise Thailand to use "science-tech" Flood Warning  |Japanese experts advise Thailand to use science and technology experts in Japan He said that using science and modern technology to improve Thailand's weather forecasts and early warnings, he did not believe that building dams, flaps and setting up big bags would prevent flooding at the seminar on the role of science and technology in natural disaster mitigation and response. According to Japanese science and technology experts, natural disasters around the world have become more severe in recent years. However, Japan uses science and technology to forecast weather because of the ever-changing weather, allowing Japan to assess the risk of severe disasters. He agrees with both the use of buildings and non-structures such as dams, breakwaters, but does not believe that building dams, breakwaters and big bags will prevent flooding entirely. The director of the Institute of Water Resources and Agricultural Informatics agrees that Thailand will use science data and develop up-to-date technology to provide more accurate long-term weather forecasts and early warnings. He also reiterated that his country has given greater importance to the development of information and technology to be up to date. Like Japan, the world is at risk of severe disasters, just like Japan. According to Japanese science and technology experts, natural disasters around the world have become more severe in recent years. However, Japan uses science and technology to forecast weather because of the ever-changing weather, allowing Japan to assess the risk of severe disasters. He agrees with both the use of buildings and non-structures such as dams, breakwaters, but does not believe that building dams, breakwaters and big bags will prevent flooding entirely. The director of the Institute of Water Resources and Agricultural Informatics agrees that Thailand will use science data and develop up-to-date technology to provide more accurate long-term weather forecasts and early warnings. He also reiterated that his country has given greater importance to the development of information and technology to be up to date. Like Japan, the world is at risk of severe disasters. 
NBTC asks for cooperation with "radio amateurs and mobile camps" to alert emergency  |NBTC asks for cooperation NBTC asks for cooperation with telecom system providers to alert the public of the disaster In case of emergency, such as the earthquake that occurred yesterday (April 16) in Phuket, the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) has announced that the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) will not be able to do so. Coordinated radio amateurs across the country to urgently alert them to emergencies. After a magnitude 4.3 earthquake struck Thalang district, Phuket province yesterday (April 16), the government has asked for cooperation from the Amateur Radio Association, broadcasting stations, television stations and telecommunication service providers. Alert the public in a timely manner as well. The public can report earthquakes or disasters at the NBTC office. Hotline 1200 and news can be communicated through the Radio Amateur Network at the Wind Center, the Broadcasting Commission. National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) Coordinated radio amateurs across the country to urgently alert them to emergencies. After a magnitude 4.3 earthquake struck Thalang district, Phuket province yesterday (April 16), the government has asked for cooperation from the Amateur Radio Association, broadcasting stations, television stations and telecommunication service providers. Alert the public in a timely manner as well. The public can report earthquakes or disasters at the NBTC office. Hotline 1200 and news can be communicated via the Radio Amateur Network at the Wind Center.
IBM wins the title of enterprise server market leader in ASEAN |IBM wins the title of enterprise server market leader in ASEAN According to IDC's Asia Pacific quarterly server market report, IBM ranks No. 1 in ASEAN in terms of revenue with a market share of 40 percent, nine points more than HP, which comes in second place, thanks to the success of IBM Power Systems™ and System z servers for Thailand. IBM was the No. 1 server vendor, holding a market share in terms of overall server revenue of 52.1 percent. The overall server market revenue share was 29.6 percent higher than its second competitor in Q4 of 2011. IBM also held the No. 1 market share in Thailand during the fourth quarter of 2011 for:  High-end enterprise server market (server price tier $250,000 or more) with revenue share 79.8% (59.6 points higher than the 2nd place competitor) RISC/EPIC server market with revenue share 49.6% (18.1 points higher than its 2nd competitor)Market share in terms of revenue from non-x86 Unix servers was 64 percent (39.7 points higher than its 2nd competitor in 2nd place)Market share in terms of revenue from Linux servers was 36.2 percent (7.9 points higher than its second competitor Tanapong Ittisakulchai, Senior Executive Vice President, Computer and Technology Business Group, IBM IBM continues to hold leadership positions as a result of its investment in a wide range of systems and leading technologies. Drive innovation, increase scalability, and improve efficiency  Focus on investing in future growth and actively innovating to find new avenues, because most importantly, customers strive to offer effective solutions. According to IDC's Asia Pacific Quarterly Server Market Report, IBM ranks No. 1 in ASEAN in terms of revenue with 40 percent market share, nine points more than HP, which comes in second place, thanks to the success of IBM Power Systems™ and System z servers for Thailand. IBM was the No. 1 server vendor, holding a market share in terms of overall server revenue of 52.1 percent. The overall server market revenue share was 29.6 percent higher than its second competitor in Q4 of 2011. IBM also held the No. 1 market share in Thailand during the fourth quarter of 2011 for:  High-end enterprise server market (server price tier $250,000 or more) with revenue share 79.8% (59.6 points higher than the 2nd place competitor) RISC/EPIC server market with revenue share 49.6% (18.1 points higher than its 2nd competitor)Market share in terms of revenue from non-x86 Unix servers was 64 percent (39.7 points higher than its 2nd competitor in 2nd place)Market share in terms of revenue from Linux servers was 36.2 percent (7.9 points higher than its second competitor Tanapong Ittisakulchai, Senior Executive Vice President, Computer and Technology Business Group, IBM IBM continues to hold leadership positions as a result of its investment in a wide range of systems and leading technologies. Drive innovation, increase scalability, and improve efficiency  Focus on investing in future growth and actively innovating to find new avenues, because most importantly, customers strive to offer effective solutions. Scale appropriately, save costs, and reduce energy consumption to differentiate customers and strengthen competitiveness.
Many countries Try to generate electricity from alternative energy. |Many countries Try to generate electricity from alternative energy. Most of them use fossil fuels to generate electricity. Denmark has been developing wind turbines since the 80s and has been conducting experimental projects to set up 5 MW power plants that use wind power since 1988 and found that it does not cause environmental impacts. It is about 2 kilometers from Copenhagen using 20 wind turbines and setting up an offshore power plant to use at the renewable energy island. In 2001, Denmark installed 6,000 wind turbines nationwide, capable of generating 2,500 MW of wind power. It then added 300 larger wind turbines with a total capacity of 3,000 MW and expanded its wind power generation network. It can generate electricity equivalent to 150,000 households, while power generation plants and solar heating systems are used. Aeroe Island covers an area of 19,000 square meters. It can store reserves for generating electricity of 7,500 MW. At the same time, biomass from straw, wood chips and plant waste is promoted, which currently accounts for 80 percent of the total renewable energy, with plants producing this type of energy generating an average of 570 megawatts of electricity and generating electricity using biogas, power plants, biooil and hydropower. A prototype from Samso Island, Denmark, was used to experiment with setting up a prototype clean energy island or Green Island at Phaluai Island, Surat Thani Province, by generating electricity from solar and wind energy. Promote the use of biomass energy in households, such as wood charcoal produced from high-efficiency charcoal kilns. Biomass gas produced from agricultural waste and biogas produced from animal manure Energy crops are promoted. Promote the use of biodiesel instead of diesel fuel in local cars and fishing boats. Promote the use of energy-saving electric lamps in households. Support the use of electric motorbikes on the island. Solar dried seafood processing supports communities to add value to local resources, improve quality of life, and develop energy while preserving the Danish island's environment. Since the 1980s, the Danish Energy Authority has been developing wind turbines since the 1980s and has been experimenting with setting up a 5 MW wind power plant since 1988 and found that it does not cause environmental impact. It is about 2 kilometers from Copenhagen using 20 wind turbines and setting up an offshore power plant to use at the renewable energy island. In 2001, Denmark installed 6,000 wind turbines nationwide, capable of generating 2,500 MW of wind power. It then added 300 larger wind turbines with a total capacity of 3,000 MW and expanded its wind power generation network. It can generate electricity equivalent to 150,000 households, while power generation plants and solar heating systems are used. Aeroe Island covers an area of 19,000 square meters. It can store reserves for generating electricity of 7,500 MW. At the same time, biomass from straw, wood chips and plant waste is promoted, which currently accounts for 80 percent of the total renewable energy, with plants producing this type of energy generating an average of 570 megawatts of electricity and generating electricity using biogas, power plants, biooil and hydropower. A prototype from Samso Island, Denmark, was used to experiment with setting up a prototype clean energy island or Green Island at Phaluai Island, Surat Thani Province, by generating electricity from solar and wind energy. Promote the use of biomass energy in households, such as wood charcoal produced from high-efficiency charcoal kilns. Biomass gas produced from agricultural waste and biogas produced from animal manure Energy crops are promoted. Promote the use of biodiesel instead of diesel fuel in local cars and fishing boats. Promote the use of energy-saving electric lamps in households. Support the use of electric motorbikes on the island. Solar dried seafood processing supports communities to add value to local resources, improve quality of life, develop energy, and conserve the island's environment.
Telecommunications Subcommittee encourages citizens' networks to participate in consumer protection|Subcommittee on Telecommunications to support citizens' networks to participate in consumer protection Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications Support the MOU in the public sector to be strong and allow the public to participate in solving Ms. Supatra's problems. Naka Skin Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications Speaking about the importance of supporting the public sector in consumer protection work in telecommunications, he said that according to the Telecommunications Master Plan recently announced in the Government Gazette, it is stated that the NBTC It will promote consumer protection through the learning process and strengthen consumer networks to protect and protect their rights. This is a declaration affirming that the NBTC will support public participation in consumer protection work." And this is not a start from scratch, but we have the costs that the NTC has done before. There is already a group of people with guidelines and knowledge, namely the 26 consumer rights protection centers, or even abroad such as Germany and Britain, which support a strong consumer protection network and play a role in surveillance, surveillance, and surveillance. Disseminate knowledge and understanding of technology to the public. Encouraging participation is an important principle because NBTC 11 And a few 100 officials would not be able to protect the entire country's consumers. But we have to build an inbound arm to help," said Sisaket Saman, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications. The People's Organisation Line said:   From supporting the establishment of the Center for Consumer Rights Protection in Telecommunications at the provincial level. 27 centers and coordination points for the protection of consumer rights of ethnic groups Through the cooperation agreement since 2010, it has been able to conduct campaigns and develop channels to educate about consumer rights in telecommunications through local media, and found that in 2010, 27 centers were able to receive complaints about telecommunications problems. In 2011, 2,574 cases were solved and 2,421 cases or 90.17% were solved. It is also a channel to disseminate knowledge and understanding to the grassroots level quickly and in a timely manner. Most importantly, the Center for the Protection of Rights from People's Sector Organizations is a person who gathers information and reflects problems from using services in the area very well. For example, Bangkok people will go to 3G 4G, while teachers on the mountain have to carry 3 phones in 3 networks because of the lack of signal coverage.  "Therefore, the public sector network is important and proactive at the local level to involve people in reflecting directly on the problems caused by using the service and participate in the protection of their right to use the service. Naka Skin Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications Speaking about the importance of supporting the public sector in consumer protection work in telecommunications, he said that according to the Telecommunications Master Plan recently announced in the Government Gazette, it is stated that the NBTC It will promote consumer protection through the learning process and strengthen consumer networks to protect and protect their rights. This is a declaration affirming that the NBTC will support public participation in consumer protection work." And this is not a start from scratch, but we have the costs that the NTC has done before. There is already a group of people with guidelines and knowledge, namely the 26 consumer rights protection centers, or even abroad such as Germany and Britain, which support a strong consumer protection network and play a role in surveillance, surveillance, and surveillance. Disseminate knowledge and understanding of technology to the public. Encouraging participation is an important principle because NBTC 11 And a few 100 officials would not be able to protect the entire country's consumers. But we have to build an inbound arm to help," said Sisaket Saman, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications. The People's Organisation Line said:   From supporting the establishment of the Center for Consumer Rights Protection in Telecommunications at the provincial level. 27 centers and coordination points for the protection of consumer rights of ethnic groups Through the cooperation agreement since 2010, it has been able to conduct campaigns and develop channels to educate about consumer rights in telecommunications through local media, and found that in 2010, 27 centers were able to receive complaints about telecommunications problems. In 2011, 2,574 cases were solved and 2,421 cases or 90.17% were solved. It is also a channel to disseminate knowledge and understanding to the grassroots level quickly and in a timely manner. Most importantly, the Center for the Protection of Rights from People's Sector Organizations is a person who gathers information and reflects problems from using services in the area very well. For example, Bangkok people will go to 3G 4G, while teachers on the mountain have to carry 3 phones in 3 networks because of the lack of signal coverage.  "Therefore, the public sector network is important and proactive at the local level to involve people in reflecting directly on the problems caused by using the service and participate in the protection of their right to use the service.  
Google changes doodles for Labor Day|Google changes doodles to welcome Labor Day Google website It is customary for websites like "Google" to display the logo, also known as "doodles", on important dates around the world, and most recently today (May 1), Google displayed a symbol of a young man raising the logo to celebrate Thai Labour Day and World Labour Day (May Day), which falls on May 1 every year. Starting from European countries, May Day is the start of the new agricultural season, so celebrate by decorating trees and assuming people or dolls as gods to make sacrifices on the bloom for the crops to produce good yields. Later, the day was developed as Labor Day to make people aware of the importance of workers who have contributed to the national economy. Many Western countries have recognized this day as World Labour Day in Thailand, which has designated May 1 every year as National Labour Day since April 20, 1956, until in 1957, the Act was enacted to give employees the right to strike on such important days. Google users in Thailand will see the doodle from 0:01 a.m. today, and users around the world will gradually see the symbol as they enter the local time for Thai Labour Day. Starting from European countries, May Day is the start of the new agricultural season, so celebrate by decorating trees and assuming people or dolls as gods to make sacrifices on the bloom for the crops to produce good yields. Later, the day was developed as Labor Day to make people aware of the importance of workers who have contributed to the national economy. Many Western countries have recognized this day as World Workers in Thailand, which has designated May 1 every year as National Labour Day since April 20, 1956 until B.E. 2500 enacted an Act giving employees the right to strike on such important days.
"Facebook" Open to patients in the U.S.-UK You can register for organ donation.| Founder of the website "Facebook" Open channels for those who want to donate organs in the U.S. and the UK to register for Facebook to be an intermediary between donors and patients who want to receive organ donation. Zuckerberg Chief Executive Officer of Facebook The new project was revealed through the Good Morning America television program, where members of Facebook, the world's largest social network, can register for organ donation. Those who have previously registered for donations can register to update their information. however The program is only open to donors in the U.S. and the U.K., according to Donet. More than 112,000 Americans wait for organ donation, and an average of 18 patients die each day. Zuckerberg said what inspired him to start the program came from talking to his girlfriend, who was a medical student, adding that he saw that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died last year (2011), had previously received a liver donation. Chief Executive Officer of Facebook The new project was revealed through the Good Morning America television program, where members of Facebook, the world's largest social network, can register for organ donation. Those who have previously registered for donations can register to update their information. however The program is only open to donors in the U.S. and the U.K., according to Donate for America, with more than 112,000 Americans waiting for organ donation, and an average of 18 patients dying each day. Zuckerberg said what inspired him to start the program came from talking to his girlfriend, who was a medical student, adding that he saw that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died last year (2011), had a liver donation.
NBTC distributes manual on mobile phone "roaming" abroad|NBTC distributes mobile phone manuals When traveling to foreign cities, to people who use Suvarnabhumi Airport. After discovering that people pay a very high amount of telephone and internet service across the border each year, the NBTC collaborated with the Department of Consular Affairs, Suvarnabhumi Airport Public Company Limited and Thai Airways International Public Company Limited. Launched the "Mobile Phone to Abroad" roaming service guide to warn Thais who use mobile phones abroad Mr. Pravit Lisathapornwongsa NBTC said roaming or roaming. There is a dispute about a very high service fee or a bill shock that a number of complainants have to become debtors of the telegama service because they are unaware of the situation, so it is necessary to educate the public.   After finding out that a complainant came to the NBTC. From 2009 to the present, more than one hundred cases. Some of them were phone-instinctive. Charges range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of baht. The total amount of money related to roaming and complaints received over the past four years totaled 4 million 400,000 baht. Handbook distribution to people around Suvarnabhumi Airport where interested persons can request information on roaming service manual at Suvarnabhumi Airport Information Counter. Public Relations Counter of the Department of Consular Affairs, Thai Airways International Public Company Limited and the Complaint and Consumer Protection in Telecommunications Group Office of the NBTC Call 02-634-6000 or call toll-free at 1200 press 1 and download the manual at http://tcp.nbtc.go.th For details, the manual will explain what roaming is. Things to study before using a mobile phone abroad How to roam abroad before and after returning to Thailand The public can obtain the manual at all international airports as well as the Company's customer service center. Thai Airways, NBTC Office and Department of Consular Affairs Currently, there are an average of 17 million people traveling abroad through Suvarnabhumi Airport each year. NBTC and Department of Consular Affairs Suvarnabhumi Airport Public Company Limited and Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Launched the "Mobile Phone to Abroad" roaming service guide to warn Thais who use mobile phones abroad Mr. Pravit Lisathapornwongsa NBTC said roaming or roaming. There is a dispute about a very high service fee or a bill shock that a number of complainants have to become debtors of the telegama service because they are unaware of the situation, so it is necessary to educate the public.   After finding out that a complainant came to the NBTC. From 2009 to the present, more than one hundred cases. Some of them were phone-instinctive. Charges range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of baht. The total value of the amount of roaming problems and complaints received over the past four years totaled 4 million 400,000 baht.
NBTC "dtac" ordered urgently this evening, May 4, the signal in the northern 8 provinces is down.|NBTC Instruct NBTC to set up an audit committee dtac service network is down The people of 8 northern provinces lost contact, called for clarification, the problem repeats the steps of Mr. Thakorn Tantasit. Secretary-General of the Broadcasting Commission National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) Revealed that it received a complaint from a user of dtac mobile phone service, which turned out to be dtac's network in the service area of the upper northern region of 8 provinces, namely Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Lamphun, Lampang, Nan, Phrae, Phayao and Mae Hong Son, has been disrupted. At around 10:20 a.m., the NBTC Preliminary fact-checks have been carried out. Total Access Co., Ltd. dtac Communications Public Company Limited clarified that the failure was caused by two fiber optic cables being cut off in the service area and was resolved to be able to use the service normally at 1.00 p.m. Office of the Broadcasting Commission  National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) Mr. Tagore said that as the authority to supervise such matters, he saw that  The disruption is important for public services that require telecommunication services with the standard and quality of service as announced. NTC Re: Standards and Quality of Voice Telecommunication Services and Announcements  NTC Subject  Standard Conditions of Service for Telecommunications Business Type III In addition, similar problems have occurred many times already. Therefore, an order was issued calling Total Access Co., Ltd. The NBTC has urgently clarified the facts at the NBTC Office on May 4 at 5.30 p.m. and ordered the appointment of a fact-finding committee in the matter. Mr. Pittayapol Jantanasaro, Deputy Secretary-General of the NBTC Chairman of the Board of Directors Conduct a fact-check on such matters in order to supervise Total Access services. The Company will continue to comply with the standards and will report to the NTC and the NBTC. Urgent acknowledgement Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General of the Broadcasting Commission National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) Revealed that it received a complaint from a user of dtac mobile phone service, which turned out to be dtac's network in the service area of the upper northern region of 8 provinces, namely Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Lamphun, Lampang, Nan, Phrae, Phayao and Mae Hong Son, has been disrupted. At around 10:20 a.m., the NBTC Preliminary fact-checks have been carried out. Total Access Co., Ltd. dtac Communications Public Company Limited clarified that the failure was caused by two fiber optic cables being cut off in the service area and was resolved to be able to use the service normally at 1.00 p.m. Office of the Broadcasting Commission  National Television and Telecommunications Authority (NBTC) Mr. Tagore said that as the authority to supervise such matters, he saw that  The disruption is important for public services that require telecommunication services with the standard and quality of service as announced. NTC Re: Standards and Quality of Voice Telecommunication Services and Announcements  NTC Subject  Standard Conditions of Service for Telecommunications Business Type III In addition, similar problems have occurred many times already. Therefore, an order was issued calling Total Access Co., Ltd. The NBTC has urgently clarified the facts at the NBTC Office on May 4 at 5.30 p.m. and ordered the appointment of a fact-finding committee in the matter. Mr. Pittayapol Jantanasaro, Deputy Secretary-General of the NBTC Chairman of the Board of Directors Conduct a fact-check on such matters in order to supervise Total Access services. The Company will continue to comply with the standards and will report to the NTC and the NBTC. Know immediately anyway. 
Bangkok Bank Warning of fraudulent emails, beware of personal information|Bangkok Bank Bangkok Bank has informed users that there are currently fraudulent emails or phishing emails sent by fraudsters, which contain a hyperlink similar to Bualuang URL. iBanking is actually a fake website created by fraudsters to trick you into entering personal financial information such as User ID, Password, Account Number, Mobile Phone Number, or even One Time Password (OTP). The Bank does not have a policy to send emails with hyperlinks to click on the Bank's website to ask for personal or accounting information.  If the person receives a foreign email claiming to be from the bank. Please do not click on any links from such emails and should access Bualuang service. iBanking by carefully typing the correct URL ('www.bangkokbank.com/ibanking') every time. To protect your financial information In addition, for security while using Bualuang services. iBanking When the User receives an SMS notifying him of his One Time Password (OTP) as well as a notification message from the Bank, please check the message carefully every time to ensure that the information is accurate and matches the transactions made through Bualuang Service. Bangkok Bank has informed users that there are currently fraudulent or phishing emails sent by fraudsters, which contain a hyperlink similar to Bualuang's URL. iBanking is actually a fake website created by fraudsters to trick you into entering personal financial information such as User ID, Password, Account Number, Mobile Phone Number, or even One Time Password (OTP). The Bank does not have a policy to send emails with hyperlinks to click on the Bank's website to ask for personal or accounting information.  If the person receives a foreign email claiming to be from the bank. Please do not click on any links from such emails and should access Bualuang service. iBanking by carefully typing the correct URL ('www.bangkokbank.com/ibanking') every time. To protect your financial information
TDRI recommends liberalization of telecommunications settlement |TDRI recommends liberalization of telecommunications settlement  Mrs. Duenden Nikhomborirak Research Director of Economic Systems Management Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) revealed at the seminar "Appropriate Telecommunications Liberalization Guidelines" at Thailand Development Research Institute that competition in the telecommunications industry is currently monopolized by the 3 major operators. The Company consists of Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited or AIS, Total Access Public Company Limited, dtac and True Corporation Public Company Limited due to the trend of splitting the 2.1 GHz spectrum. 45 megahertz is divided into 9 lots of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). The grant of such permits is still approved for all 3 operators. The average income is 3 slots or 15 GHz, resulting in no gap left for new entrepreneurs to enter. In addition, the NBTC's revision of the draft Declaration of Domination in Foreign Affairs that the NBTC has redrafted that requires foreigners to acquire no more than 49% of the shares will make the telecommunications industry uncompetitive and will deteriorate even if the new draft removes the wording of national security. "Bringing up national security is only an excuse, and in fact, all to protect their own market in spite of security. The U.S. agency itself has concluded that foreign shareholding is not about security, but the real way to create stability is to promote competition in the telecommunications market because it will make information so scattered in many places that it is difficult to steal." Mrs. Duenden said that in solving the monopoly problem, TDRI is of the opinion to fully liberalize telecommunications because the current rules The rules under the supervision of the NBTC are not conducive to promoting competition in the market. On the other hand, if the NBTC accelerates the use of infrastructure (infrastructuring Licensing the establishment of a network rental company (Network Tower Company and Fiber Company will help attract more foreign entrepreneurs, resulting in more competition in the business sector and benefits will truly go back to the people. Mrs. Duenden Nikhomborirak Research Director of Economic Systems Management Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) revealed at the seminar "Appropriate Telecommunications Liberalization Guidelines" at Thailand Development Research Institute that competition in the telecommunications industry is currently monopolized by the 3 major operators. The Company consists of Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited or AIS, Total Access Public Company Limited, dtac and True Corporation Public Company Limited due to the trend of splitting the 2.1 GHz spectrum. 45 megahertz is issued as 9 lots by the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). 
Kittirat prepares to propose mobile disaster warning system| Mr. Kittirat Na Ranong is preparing to propose guidelines for the development of a mobile disaster warning system to the Water and Flood Management Committee and the Ministry of ICT for consideration. Mr. Kittirat Na Ranong, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, said during the May 9-13 visit to the National Disaster Warning Center and listen to Japan's disaster management guidelines. Especially the development of mobile alarm systems. The public can quickly become aware of the disaster by presenting the Water and Flood Management Committee and the Ministry of Information Technology (ICT). Mr. Kittirat Na Ranong, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, said on his visit to Japan during May 9-13 that he will visit the National Disaster Warning Center and listen to Japan's disaster management guidelines. Especially the development of mobile alarm systems. The public can quickly become aware of the disaster by presenting the Water and Flood Management Committee and the Ministry of Information Technology (ICT). Consider next.
NBTC bans import of 280 mobile phones from China|NBTC bans import of 280 mobile phones from China The NBTC banned the import of as many as 280 Chinese-made mobile phones from 28 brands sold in Thailand from 2009 to 2011 after it was found that the production did not meet the standards of the Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). The NBTC has banned the import of mobile phones sold in the market since 2009 until now, totaling 280 models in 28 brands. A total of 400 quality inspections found that even though some models have certificates from China, when the NBTC checks them back to the testing laboratories or related labs in China. It was found that the certificates were forged and some models had altered the contents of the standard certificates, which was an offence according to the NBTC announcement. Regarding the inspection and certification of telecommunications equipment and equipment, the import company has now been notified to stop selling it. For duly certified machines This can be noticed from the symbol of the NBTC affixed to the device or telephone box or the symbol with the word "CT" of the Ministry of Industry on the back of the device of the Broadcasting and Television and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). The NBTC has banned the import of mobile phones sold in the market since 2009 until now, totaling 280 models in 28 brands. A total of 400 quality inspections found that even though some models have certificates from China, when the NBTC checks them back to the testing laboratories or related labs in China. It was found that the certificates were forged and some models had altered the contents of the standard certificates, which was an offence according to the NBTC announcement. Regarding the inspection and certification of telecommunications equipment and equipment, the import company has now been notified to stop selling it. For duly certified machines This can be noticed by the symbol of the NBTC affixed to the device or the telephone box or the symbol with the word "CT" of the Ministry of Industry on the back of the device.
"Ozy3rs" water-saving fruit and vegetable washing machine|"Ozy3rs" water-saving fruit and vegetable washing machine King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi Create an innovative ozone-based water-saving fruit and vegetable washing machine Innovation for health and environmental friendlinessKing Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi Create artifacts Ozone Water-Saving Fruit and Vegetable Washing Machine (OZY3RS) by Ms. Tidarat Boonsri, Lecturer, Department of Environment, Faculty of Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi along with 5 other students in the team, namely Ms. Bussarakam Kulwong, Ms. Supatra Wasarath, Ms. Yupaporn Tipprab, Mr. Suthat Champathong and Mr. Kittipong These students are students of Environmental Engineering and Control and Instrumentation Engineering at King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi, where Ms. Tidarat Boonsri said, "Ozy3Rs water-saving fruit and vegetable washing machine" or Ozy3Rs for short. Carved fruits decorate the plate, if not washed, there may be germs in the food, and some fruits cannot be washed directly with water on the flesh, such as oranges or watermelons. It can be used for both ozone and ozone gas washing.  The machine is designed to be an innovative 3Rs, namely Reduce, Reuse and Recycle because it is designed to use gas and ozone water to wash fruits and vegetables in small quantities (Reduce) or not at all (Zero Water).  The Ozy3Rs is operated by an automatic program designed for 4 groups of fruits and vegetables: Group 1: Vegetables with high chemical insecticide contamination such as kale, cabbage, lentils. It takes 20 minutes. Group 2 Vegetables are eaten fresh that may be easily contaminated with bacteria, such as lettuce. Coriander, spring onion Group 3 vegetables that easily lose vitamins to water such as spinach, tomatoes, oranges take 5 minutes, and group 4 mushrooms because they are difficult to wash and washing with water will cause the mushrooms to spoil, so this group uses 5 minutes of otime zone gas spraying instead of water. Create artifacts Ozone Water-Saving Fruit and Vegetable Washing Machine (OZY3RS) by Ms. Tidarat Boonsri, Lecturer, Department of Environment, Faculty of Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi along with 5 other students in the team, namely Ms. Bussarakam Kulwong, Ms. Supatra Wasarath, Ms. Yupaporn Tipprab, Mr. Suthat Champathong and Mr. Kittipong These students are students of Environmental Engineering and Control and Instrumentation Engineering at King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi, where Ms. Tidarat Boonsri said, "Ozy3Rs water-saving fruit and vegetable washing machine" or Ozy3Rs for short. Carved fruits decorate the plate, if not washed, there may be germs in the food, and some fruits cannot be washed directly with water on the flesh, such as oranges or watermelons. It can be used for both ozone and ozone gas washing.  The machine is designed to be an innovative 3Rs, namely Reduce, Reuse and Recycle because it is designed to use gas and ozone water to wash fruits and vegetables in small quantities (Reduce) or not at all (Zero Water).  The Ozy3Rs is operated by an automatic program designed for 4 groups of fruits and vegetables: Group 1: Vegetables with high chemical insecticide contamination such as kale, cabbage, lentils. It takes 20 minutes. Group 2 Vegetables are eaten fresh that may be easily contaminated with bacteria, such as lettuce. Coriander, spring onion Group 3 vegetables that easily lose vitamins to water such as spinach, tomatoes, oranges take 5 minutes, and group 4 mushrooms because they are difficult to wash and washing with water will cause the mushrooms to spoil.
Consumer organizations file claims with NBTC Mobile Prepaid Cases|Consumer organizations file claims with NBTC Mobile Prepaid Cases Consumer Enterprise Network Headed by Ms. Boonyuen Siritham President of the Federation of Consumer Organizations, Mr. Kamchai Noibanjong The Central Consumer Organization Network Coordinator will meet to submit a letter to the Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) and the Secretary-General of the NBTC at the meeting room on the 12th floor of the Administration Building, Office of the NBTC. Soi Phaholyothin 8 (Sailom) to call for the use of Section 66 Telecommunications Act Administrative fines Mobile Company According to the NTC's Notification on Telecommunications Service Agreement B.E. 2549 (2006), Clause 11 stipulates that prepaid mobile phones do not have a fixed period of service, but it was found that every company has a fixed period of service, confiscated money in the system, confiscated user phone numbers, which currently has more than 60 million phone numbers, and received more than 1,000 complaints.  Consumer Organization Network Headed by Ms. Boonyuen Siritham President of the Federation of Consumer Organizations, Mr. Kamchai Noibanjong The Central Consumer Organization Network Coordinator will meet to submit a letter to the Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission (NTC) and the Secretary-General of the NBTC at the meeting room on the 12th floor of the Administration Building, Office of the NBTC. Soi Phaholyothin 8 (Sailom) to call for the use of Section 66 Telecommunications Act Administrative fines Mobile Company According to the NTC's Notification on Telecommunications Service Agreement B.E. 2549 (2006), Clause 11 stipulates that prepaid mobile phones do not have a fixed period of service, but it was found that every company has a fixed period of service, confiscated money in the system, confiscated user phone numbers, which currently has more than 60 million phone numbers, and received more than 1,000 complaints. 
The world watches the spectacle of the century.|The world watches the spectacle of the century. People from all over the world are waiting to watch Venus pass through the sun at stargazing spots around the world. Australians in Sydney, including astronomers and amateur stargazers, gathered at the Sydney Observatory to see the phenomenon of Venus passing through the sun, which is as visible as South Koreans. This is obvious but for the people of Tokyo, Japan. This phenomenon must be watched with disappointment, as it is raining and cloudy with the recent Venus phenomenon passing through the sun. There have been 53 occurrences since 2004 BCE until 2004 / but humans have recorded only 6 views of this phenomenon, including the phenomenon that occurred in 2182 / 2304 / 2312 / 2417 / 2425 / 2547 and the most recent one was today Australians in Sydney – astronomers, professional and amateur stargazers gather at the Sydney Observatory to see the phenomenon of Venus passing through the sun which is as visible as South Koreans. This is obvious but for the people of Tokyo, Japan. This phenomenon must be watched with disappointment, as it is raining and cloudy with the recent Venus phenomenon passing through the sun. It has occurred 53 times since the period 2 millennium BCE until 2004 / but humans have recorded only 6 views of this phenomenon, including the phenomenon that occurred in 2182 / 2304 / 2312 / 2417 / 2425 / 2004 and the most recent one is today.
Online media warns against using social media Be careful with copyright - scrutinize information - cite the source.|Online media warns against using social media Be careful with copyright - scrutinize information - cite the source. Online Media People Identify social media, change the communication world in two. Wide range of information Pull local to public spaces Warn nothing confidential online. "Journalists" must scrutinize information. Information Technology Journalists Association Journalists Association of Thailand Organized "Workshop on the Use of Social Media in News Events" at the Association by Mr. Chaworong Lipmpatampani The President of the Association of Journalists said that the trend of communication has entered the online news world. Consumers have a wide range of resources rather than just regular media. People consume less news from reading newspapers. Read more from websites, but more from Facebook, so every news organization must pay attention to social media, not just Facebook or Google Plus. niran abdul The president of the Online News Producers Association said that information on social media has become very popular in the last 3-5 years, which media scholars say is very useful to use in the news process, from finding information, making appointments, to being a presentation space, but social media is constantly changing. Therefore, the application must be adjusted. Dr. Mana Trirayapiwat Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Communication Arts, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce said that in the past, it was often a one-way communication that consumers waited for media, but now it is in the transition of communication technology and the face of media to more two-way communication. Consumers are increasingly becoming messengers and communicating with each other, and everyone has communication technology ready to be presenters instantly. Dr. Mana also said that social media has created more new sources of news that are not constrained by geography. Modern journalists must act as Content Curatot (media content custodians) whose role is to scrutinize, synthesize, gather information and present it to the public. There is a tendency to pay more attention to local, such as geography, sectors, beliefs, interest groups. Journalists must act as Community Managers, such as selecting the type of news and events that are suitable for the group. Create more interesting media formats Ms. Yenjit Sathiramongkolsuk The editor of Radio and New Media news group Thai PBS said that the advantage of digital media is that it can be viewed retrospectively. Data eaters don't have to be on the screen but anywhere in the world. The digital media has changed the structure and working style of the news editorial staff a lot, and journalists must be careful to scrutinize the information from social media that will be used and be careful when commenting, especially expressing emotions. Head of Communications and Mass Relations Google Thailand said that statistics show that 1 in 3 Thais access the internet. Thai people have clear opinions and are willing to share them with others. The online world has given people more choices to consume media. On social media, the press can create news without limiting communication channels. News reports have crossed their own media categories, but there is a problem of how to capture the attention of their target audience. This does not just mean news reporting, it means engaging in the news. Because it's something that people feel close to, and if it can make a difference in terms of locality. Will be able to create the identity of that particular media. Mr. Abhisilp Trungkanon Online Marketing Consultant Pantip.com website says that one should not expect much from the credibility of information on the Internet, but what will make this information credible is the mass media that hacks and expands the information. However, the characteristics of internet surfers are different from those who read newspapers, such as not liking to read news or watching long clips.  YouTube Facebook Twitter Mr. Paiboon Amornpinyokiat, Computer Law Specialist Saying that in the online world there are no secrets. Everything posted on a website can find the content and the owner of the post, and 80-90% when it is posted on social media, the person being alluded to will be aware of it. The laws related to social media presentation are: 1) Copyright law, 2) Defamation law, 3) Computer Act, and there are precautions when making news online and using information from social media, such as information that is uncertain or risky, should not be used. "Things that are not copyrighted under the law are: 1. News content or facts of the day (excluding writing style) 2. Court judgments, government orders, 3. Law 4. Order of the Ministry of Ministry of Bureau 5.Collection of content made by government agencies If it is also considered copyrighted," Mr. Paiboon said. Link : bit.ly/Nm0dc6 Information Technology Journalists Club, Journalists Association of Thailand Organized "Workshop on the Use of Social Media in News Events" at the Association by Mr. Chaworong Lipmpatampani The President of the Association of Journalists said that the trend of communication has entered the online news world. Consumers have a wide range of resources rather than just regular media. People consume less news from reading newspapers. Read more from websites, but more from Facebook, so every news organization must pay attention to social media, not just Facebook or Google Plus.
 "Thai Software" advances through CMMI standard, ranks No. 1 in Asia | "Software Park" pointed out that Thai software companies have passed the CMMI benchmark to become No. 1 in Southeast Asia, while Thailand ranks 15th out of 76 countries, surpassing Malaysia for the first time, the Carnegie University Institute of Software Engineering announced. Thai software meets the benchmark CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration) is the 15th in the world. Thailand has 8 companies that have qualified from the previous level, divided into 1 company at level 5, 6 companies at level 3 and 1 company at level 2. The Director of Thailand Software Industry Zone (Software Park) said that Thai software companies have passed the CMMI standard criteria to rank 15th in the world and become the No. 1 in ASEAN. This enables it to build credibility and good image as well as increase competitiveness in the global market. This success has made Thailand more well-known, but it must be admitted that Malaysia stands out more in terms of marketing and penetration abroad. Thailand will be strong in terms of skill standards and innovation, but its drawbacks have made investors hesitant because of higher wages, tax policies and intellectual property rights that the state should clarify. In 2015, the Carnegie University Institute of Software Engineering announced that the company Thai software meets the benchmark CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration) is the 15th in the world. Thailand has 8 companies that have qualified from the previous level, divided into 1 company at level 5, 6 companies at level 3 and 1 company at level 2. The Director of Thailand Software Industry Zone (Software Park) said that Thai software companies have passed the CMMI standard criteria to rank 15th in the world and become the No. 1 in ASEAN. This enables it to build credibility and good image as well as increase competitiveness in the global market. This success has made Thailand more well-known, but it must be admitted that Malaysia stands out more in terms of marketing and penetration abroad. Thailand will be strong in terms of skill standards and innovation, but its drawbacks have made investors hesitant because of higher wages, tax policies and intellectual property rights that the state should clarify. In 2015 
"MEA." Electricity consumption at the beginning of the year reached an all-time high.| Metropolitan Electricity Authority reveals record electricity consumption at the beginning of the year Bangkok has coordinated with Bangkok to take care of the strength of billboards and trees in the area to prevent power lines and power outages, said Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) Governor Artorn Sinsawat Growth of 15-20 percent, but in the first 4 months of this year, Electricity consumption reached 34 percent of the year's annual volume, a record high, due to imports of machinery and restarting production lines in the industrial sector affected by floods at the end of last year. In addition, new real estate projects along the BTS line have accelerated the rapid increase in electricity consumption. However, the annual electricity consumption rate is expected to be 6-7 percent, which is higher than the forecast of 3 percent, compared to negative 1.9 percent last year. It was found that it was caused by a plan of billboards and large trees that were blown by the wind and draped over the power lines, causing the problem of broken wires. The MEA has coordinated with Bangkok, which is responsible for strengthening and pruning trees to a safe distance. For the people and businesses, Metropolitan Electricity Authority Governor Artorn Sinsawat said that electricity consumption in the first half of the year in the MEA's area of responsibility has increased significantly. Growth of 15-20 percent, but in the first 4 months of this year, Electricity consumption reached 34 percent of the year's annual volume, a record high, due to imports of machinery and restarting production lines in the industrial sector affected by floods at the end of last year. In addition, new real estate projects along the BTS line have accelerated the rapid increase in electricity consumption. However, the annual electricity consumption rate is expected to be 6-7 percent, which is higher than the forecast of 3 percent, compared to negative 1.9 percent last year. It was found that it was caused by a plan of billboards and large trees that were blown by the wind and draped over the power lines, causing the problem of broken wires. The MEA has coordinated with Bangkok, which is responsible for strengthening and pruning trees to a safe distance. For people and businesses
Police arrest network of football betting sites Use Thailand as a call center |Police arrest network of football betting sites Use Thailand as a call center Police Combat Technology Crimes Trace the network of online football betting sites to Indonesian customers Using Thailand as a call center at a room in Sukhumvit 24, an audit of the transfer account found that there was a weekly turnover of more than 10 million baht, according to the Police Technology Crime Suppression Division or POT. Trace the Indonesian online football betting network with 9 people with Morten Lowe as the head of the network. There are circumstances of opening online gambling websites for Indonesians, both in Indonesia and in Thailand. The police seized 4 computers, a BlackBerry mobile phone and an online money transfer device. Upon interrogation, the accused confessed to arranging online gambling for more than 1 year, each day with a turnover of about 1 million baht and a weekly turnover of more than 10 million baht. A total of 800 customers who come to play thousands of balls and bet baccarat per day, customers must register via the website and contact each other through the BlackBerry phone chat room only. This is to prevent the inspector from using the phone. Initially, the officer charged him with illegal arranging gambling and being a croupier in gambling and put him on record before proceeding with legal proceedings to the Police Technology Crime Suppression Division or POT. Trace the Indonesian online football betting network with 9 people with Morten Lowe as the head of the network. There are circumstances of opening online gambling websites for Indonesians, both in Indonesia and in Thailand. The police seized 4 computers, a BlackBerry mobile phone and an online money transfer device. Upon interrogation, the accused confessed to arranging online gambling for more than 1 year, each day with a turnover of about 1 million baht and a weekly turnover of more than 10 million baht. A total of 800 customers who come to play thousands of balls and bet baccarat per day, customers must register via the website and contact each other through the BlackBerry phone chat room only. This is to prevent the inspector from using the phone. Initially, the officer charged him with illegal arranging gambling and being a croupier in gambling and put him on record before proceeding with legal proceedings.
Mobile phone sales companies are "responsible" for all consumers who have already purchased the device.|Mobile phone sales companies fall into the standard must Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications He said mobile phone sales companies should be remorseful to compensate consumers who have already purchased the device and urged to expedite the publication of a list of 280 models for the public to check in order to expedite the return and elimination of substandard products.  In the meeting of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications On July 4, there was widespread discussion in the case of 27 mobile phone importers being arrested by the NBTC. Order the revocation of the certificate of telecommunications equipment and equipment. More than 900,000 mobile phones were destroyed, said Ms. Saree Ongsomwang. The Chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications said that the meeting agreed that in this case, the operators of all 27 companies must be held accountable for the products they sell as well as for the damage caused to consumers from the use of false documents to sell telecommunications equipment in the market.  Therefore, the NBTC is encouraged to expedite Take urgent legal action against all 27 companies, including the NBTC. The list of all 280 models should be published in a daily newspaper for consumers to check if they are using mobile phones or not." This is important because if all mobile phones are sold, there are more than 900,000 consumers who use uncertified telecommunications devices because they use false evidence.  and the Office of the NBTC. Consumers should be notified by clearly posting these 280 models in daily publications. Let consumers inspect and return all the machines to the NBTC or the company for destruction," Ms. Saree said. Nakapew, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications, said measures should be taken to recall all telecommunications equipment and consumer remedies should be implemented. All in all. Consumers who use these 280 telecommunications devices are considered to be injured in 2 areas: damage from the purchase of a non-certified device, damage from the machine and damage from not using the device. According to the complaint received by the Complaint and Consumer Protection Working Group, it was found that the complainant called to inquire and informed that he was the buyer of this 280-model phone and found that there was a problem with the swollen battery. After about 10 days of use.   In the meeting of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection on Telecommunications On July 4, there was widespread discussion in the case of 27 mobile phone importers being arrested by the NBTC. Order the revocation of the certificate of telecommunications equipment and equipment. More than 900,000 mobile phones were destroyed. 
