Australian Capital Graffiti artists are allowed to spray paint walls legally. |Canberra Australia's capital changes strategy Inviting graffiti artists to spray paint walls is legal. In addition, the cost of cleaning up unwanted images on the wall was reduced by 12.7 million baht per year today (February 17, 2016). Some people see it as creating a new atmosphere and adding color to the space, while others may find the graffiti to be unattractive. The city looks disorganized, but in Canberra. Capital of Australia Instead, the local government recognized this form of art and formed a group of graffiti artists to paint and paint the walls. It can be said that painting on walls or graffiti has historically been a chronic problem in cities around the world, just like in former Canberra. It has to spend up to 500,000 Australian dollars or about 12.7 million baht. To remove the graffiti from the wall before changing its strategy to support Louis. M. Burson. Canberra's first graffiti drawing coordinator "The work we have to do is replace the wall with beautiful graffiti, which is legally called a wall painting project." M. Burson. One of the graffiti painters, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said it was great to have the space to work on Saturdays while spending time with friends and painting on big walls. Legal wall painting projects It encourages graffiti painters. Make more effort to create a performance, Patrick. Nolan. Municipal officials in Canberra say it's good for graffiti artists to be able to paint and use the space on the walls day and night. Without the risk of being chased by the police outside, open up space on the wall to paint. Canberra also offers this art workshop to those interested. In hopes of enabling wall artists to develop more beautiful works, build friendships between artists, and mentor the next generation of graffiti artists, international news agencies reported that graffiti was once referred to as dark art. This is partly because painters often paint on walls at night and conceal their identities. As the walls were opened to create works legally, the demand for this branch of art was increasing. Graffiti has become a more and more accepted culture. With political support in place, these street artists played a colorful match.17 9:00 a.m. News Australia forms graffiti artist group Paint a colorful picture on the wall. Instead of wasting money, remove the picture on the wall #ThaiPBSnews #ออสเตรเลีย #กราฟิตี้ #ศิลปิน  
The meaning of the "rose" and the connection of Persian civilizations.|The best-selling flowers during Valentine's Day are roses, which are believed to symbolize love. Roses came to Thailand with Persian foreign civilizations, which remained in language and culture. Follow the origin and meaning of roses today (February 10, 2016), a reporter reported that she is known as the queen of flowers with admirable elegance. With its multi-colored appearance with thorns as weapons, it is known as "roses". The dictionary states that there are many varieties and colors, both shrubs and ivy, not only because of their appearance, but also because of the delicate aroma that makes roses a flower that has been mentioned in Thailand for more than 400 years. The Book of the Prince of Tibet In the Ayutthaya Theeranan period, the conquest period. Scholars from Thonburi Community Historical Information Center If you read many books, you will know that there is talk about beauty. Aroma or beauty from the Persians came to our home area since the middle Ayutthaya period. If counting the historical period, it is from 2143 or the end of King Naresuan which the path of flowers and sweet flower water that arrived is something to please the royal court and the commoners, while Prof. Kiatkhun Kusuma Raksmani, a former lecturer in the Department of Oriental Languages. Faculty of Archaeology, Silpakorn University said that in Nirasthan Sorrow there is a mention of roses in the recitation that "roses bloom petals, think katong noi wang pan thong", indicating that this word has been around for a long time. Identified as a nice flower, light red, very beautiful. Smells good, too. In addition, the meaning of roses in Dr. Rudley's orthography that states that it is a local tree. This led linguists to analyze the origin of the word rose, a word that comes from the Persian Theeranan. Scholars from Thonburi Community Historical Information Center Explaining the root of the word rose, rose is a treaty between "goole" and "ob", which means all kinds of flowers in Persian. It has roots for more than 5,000 years, so when applied to Arabic is Ob, which means water. When Gool joins with Ob, Thai people are known as roses. Not only historical evidence, but another reflection that Persia or Iran was the land that made roses known in Thailand. It is the journey of the language that came with the culture from abroad, the meaning of the country wood like "rose" and the connection of hundreds of civilizations abroad Persian http://news.thaipbs.or.th/content/250094 #ThaiPBSnews #กุหลาบ #วาเลนไทน์ #ไทยบันเทิง---------------------------------------------------------------- best-selling flowers during Valentine's Day, roses are believed to be a symbol of love. Roses came to Thailand with Persian foreign civilizations, which remained in language and culture. Let's trace the origin and meaning. 
Ratchaburi printmaker dreaded, no successor to ancient lead typesetting techniques in World War II. |For more than 50 years, the only typewriter of Charoensin Printing House. Ratchaburi province also continues to print traditional printing services in both Thai and Chinese. On the other side, it is also a source of learning for posterity, but the future is still without a successor, it may be the turn of the ancient typesetting technique in the locality to extinguish the date (February 28, 2016). Since the era of World War II, today it still serves to convey messages in both Thai and Chinese. The typist must put each letter in precise order. Once the printer is entered, you still need to watch closely. Do not apply too much print force to the ink in each relatively delicate step. Make each sheet of print sharp to order. Charoensin Printing House Technician Rim Klong Damnoen Saduak Ratchaburi province has been adhering to for 40 years. Time-consuming and meticulous typesetting has been replaced by new printing technology. The 63-year-old is the last artisan to continue typography and educate visitors of nearly 4,000 Chinese words. Made of lead, it is still in use. There are regular customers at 10 shrines in Ratchaburi, Phetchaburi, Samut Sakhon and Nakhon Pathom provinces. Ordination and wedding invitations, but when the lead print foundry went out of business. This follows the transition of the modern era. Floor mechanic According to Charoensin, many of the original lead prints of Charoensin Printing House have been eroded with age. This makes it necessary to avoid typing certain words or editing them on site, such as cutting off the tail of the lead typeface. P. Fish to replace Wan Charoensin, heir to Charoensin Printing House, said he wanted this printing house to remain as an antique family item, but there was a problem because the operation was not cost-effective for nearly 60 years. Main area 5 But when craftsmen and equipment began to be scarce. In the future, it may change from a business printing house to a museum. To preserve the memories of the past, this old printing house will continue to tell the story of the community. Ratchaburi typesetting printing house, a living learning resource --------- the only typesetting printmaker left who continued Charoensin Printing Ratchaburi to stand for half a century. The alphabet is eroded with age, so the future of local living learning resources may have to change.#ThaiEntertainment #ThaiPBS 
The "Kids Play Games" Way to the "E-Sports Athletes" Race Track Build identity-income-career |Changing attitudes for parents and Thai society When gaming became an industry or "e-sports" that was worth more than Hollywood, the current highest prize was 400 million baht. Meanwhile, many Thai youth have made their mark in the country and have already taken home the prize money, not least when there is bad news about children and youth. One of the defendants who is often referred to for condemnation is "computer games", including violence, addiction to games until he runs away from school, and even running away from home. Create a name Make Money From Kanda Games The host of the show spoke with Pee Waen-Chaniknan Thippairoj, founder of FPS Thailand.com website, and Art-Veerasak Boonchu. E-sports athletes nowadays play games developed into e-sports (E-Sport) want to know what is Pee glasses: E-sports is electronics Sports is considered an indoor sport, which in South Korea is popular, such as chess, but nowadays it contains games. Currently, the highest prize amount is 400 million baht. A total of 16 positions worth 18 million U.S. dollars or 630 million baht will be awarded for the growth of e-sports in Thailand. Pee Waen: Sports E-sports in our home are growing fast. Growing with broadband internet Where the Internet accesses games, it is growing. But Thailand is still in its early stages. Still following countries that have been doing it for a long timeArt: Although Thailand is still trailing, but the last 5-10 years have been considered a leap forward in development. It comes from adult support. Seeing more importance and pushing sports gaming to come out in a positive image, gaming has become a competitive sport on a global scale. How to play Pee Glasses : This question makes us look back at Thai society. Because in the past, people used to think of games as games, but games are actually an industry, and e-sports is one of those cogs. In South Korea, gaming is considered a major industry. Unlike most gamers, e-sports athletes practice their teams or talk to their coaches and teams about their plans. What is this tactic? Art: Unlike e-sports, playing games is generally focused on relaxation, but e-sports is practice, time sharing, self-discipline, teamwork, and competition to develop one's potential. This industry includes game designers. And now the money is circling in the gaming industry. It has surpassed the revenue from Hollywood. As a result, the gaming industry has become more popular, Thailand's e-sports industry has developed to what extent, and who has already made a reputation for the country? They have made their name abroad for many years, but they are not much news, such as the two-time Ragnarok World Champion Point Blank in 2011 and 2015 in Indonesia. The Special Force World Champion, X-Shot Champion and World Card Runner-up have generous prize money, such as Point Blanc in Indonesia. The winner received almost 2 million baht in prize money, the most prize he received in the gaming industry for more than 10 years. How much art: I won the highest prize of 200,000 baht in the category of team competition with Fifa Online games. Members have won 1 million baht from abroad. In addition to the awards, there is also the experience of competing with foreign esports players with many young people playing games. But why are there so many people entering the e-sports industry? Many agencies take this seriously. This may be partly because the industry is just getting started, and it still needs a push from all sectors, but not waiting for adults to support them without doing anything. We have to show the adults, for example, to train to win the 400 million baht prize money. By then, adults should have seen something in the gaming industryArt: We started quite late. If compared to foreign countries that started 10 years ago, we only added 3-5 years, which I don't blame anyone. My mom had a different perspective on the game, from a hard voice to a soft voice, and now I've evolved into a behind-the-scenes part of it, such as becoming a creator or organizer of a competition. If you like games but are not good at playing games, there are many other professions to do, such as people who recommend games while playing. When I was a commentator during a game, a website about games, or a video review of a product about a game on YouTube, I started from scratch and was a person who wasn't good at playing games and did other things instead. It is often blamed on the game for instilling violence. For example, GTA games have violent content and are not suitable for children to play, but abroad there is an age limit of players that parents must check before allowing their children to play. However, Thailand does not have a game rating yet. Make it accessible and accessible to young people. Either buy or load to try playing art: enough easy access. When buying a computer for your child, you should set aside a little time to be with your child and talk to each other. Parents do not tolerate playing games, while at the same time not forbidding them, but come in and talk, such as what to play, what to do. What to doArt: Parents may not immediately ask or talk to their children while playing games, but may find a leisurely time such as eating or going out to ask how the game is going. If I'm a parent, I'll invite my kids to play so they can know what this game is like, how to play the game, not let the game come back to hurt us. He plays for competition. Play for prize money, move to major clubs overseas, or play to become a game developer. I think gaming requires a goal, but along the way it proves how you can reach it. If playing for fun is one of the goals, but should play for fun properly, ask for advice for youth or families of those who want to have a career in e-sports. This term is at the heart of the success of people in all circles. Being a disciplined gamer, when doing something will make the least mistakesArt: The Thai gaming industry that has not yet been able to advance to make a main career looks that soon it is still difficult. You need it in life, whether it's studying or working. 
A new generation of architects design the use of public spaces. Hua Lamphong Railway Station Navigation|If you don't try it, you won't know how the empty halls in Hua Lamphong can accommodate a variety of activities during train breaks. As a result of this questioning, a group of young architects For those who wait for the train for a long time, it is called waiting for the train that is different from the original atmosphere. In the middle of the hall, Hua Lamphong train station is transformed with mats, beanbags, soothing flowers and dance art. Led by New Blood Artists Nawinda Lamp Good evening. Designed to harmonize with the new housing estate, this is an experimental search and questioning of public spaces in the ASA-Community Act Network project of Young CAN on public spaces shared by people. From foreign tourists to the homeless The long waiting hours on some of the passenger seats were transformed into a small garden-like mat deck, where more than 30 students from six institutions, architecture, industrial education, political science students, and young community architects from six institutions exchanged observations through the behavior of using public spaces. The space is also more conducive to waiting with other forms than just sitting idle, such as reading, knitting, resting, relieving travel fatigue and relaxing. The study also provides opportunities for architects to work in the public interest and experiment with public space design as part of the Ten for 90 "Public Transit Lounge" project supported by the Community Architects Commission. The Siam Architects Association has cooperated with the State Railway of Thailand to provide a study space before bringing the observations that have been summarized together to begin laying guidelines for the design of public spaces.
The Art Value of Mondial du Tatouage Tattoo Festival |Although tattooing has become more accepted, it has become a major national festival in France. However, the status of tattoo artists is no different from that of art creators, but they are seen as general mercenary professions, so efforts have been made to promote tattooing recognition as one of the top 360 tattoo artists from 35 countries including Europe, Japan and Thailand to show their skills in creating art on the skin. At Mondial du Tatouage, or The World of Tattoo, the tattoo expo in France, which is now in its fourth year, Fibbs, a tattoo artist from Porto Rico, said he was proud to be part of the world's largest tattoo festival, Joey Ortega. The tattoo artist from Texas says today's customers want more unique tattoos. From the original satisfied with the design that the shop prepared. Now they need a unique tattoo. The woman decided to get her first tattoo because she wanted to have the same tattoo as her mother, who already had her own tattoo at an event held over the weekend. More than 30,000 tattoo enthusiasts around the world attend the three-day festival. In addition to the classic Polynesian style and Japanese tattoos. The Trash Polka tattoo, invented by German artist duo Simone Fuff and Volko Merchski, is a tattoo that uses red and black to create a pattern that emphasizes realism. It used to be popular with sailors and motorcycle gangs. Today, 1 in 5 young people between the ages of 25 and 35 have at least one tattoo on their body, up from just 15 tattoo parlors nationwide in 1982. The founder of the Mondial du Tatouage festival, nicknamed the king of tattoo artists of France, has entrusted his tattoo skills to celebrities such as designer Jean-Paul Gautier and tennis players. Yannik Noar, whose current role is to push for tattooing to be recognized as a branch of art, as French law does not place tattoo artists in the category of artists. Tattoo artists do not receive the same benefits as painters, photographers, writers, or composers, and the main problem comes from the belief of those who still see skin as not a space to create art, just as the painter's canvas or director's film is acceptable. Tintin He hopes that one day society will accept him. Unlike fast-changing fashions, tattoos are creative arts for permanent existence, Tintin said, as a tattoo artist's profession has attributes that match UNESCO's definition. He also hunted online for French authorities to accept the tattoo artist's profession as an artist, which has already been signed by more than 14,000 people.
An Australian mother braids beautiful braids for her daughter to go to school every day.|Shelley Gifford, an Australian mother who is very passionate about braiding. When my daughter learned to braid in different ways, until she had an amazing hairstyle to go to school every day, Grace would be the girl with the most outstanding hairstyle in school. From stars, hearts, to ribbons and hairpins, you can create new hairstyles every day. These are just a few of the Australian moms Shelley Gifford who make their kids go to school every morning, but her passion for braid art is extraordinary. Since I can remember, Gifford has learned to braid different types according to the video tutorial. Because I remember my daughter's hair style. She said that even though every day is very busy, her favorite thing is spending the morning with her children, which has become a fun family activity. Most braid sessions only take 15-20 minutes, and Gifford says that if you want to do something that you want to do but should take longer, you'll need to do it. Instead, she'll knit on weekends.
Friendship readers on railroad lines |Creating a new atmosphere may lead to reading more. Today, Thai PBS will take you on a train journey, where nearly 30 readers share their favorite books. 
One corner of the locomotive It's no different from a mobile library, where nearly 30 readers pick up their favorite books. Sort your eyes alphabetically along the way. There is 1 hour before arriving at the destination from Bangkok to Nakhon Pathom province. Say hello to new friends, both the story of the rebel spirit who broke the rules in the land of forgetting in the novel "Memorial" and the perspective on the 3 southern border provinces through the eyes of outsiders in the book "Malay that feels", which Pichet Wattasirichai, one of the participants in the Read on a Train reading activity, brought to the attention of joining the trip for the second time because he loved the atmosphere of reading and traveling by train, changed the atmosphere of reading and traveling by using Sanam Chan Palace to do book introduction activities, or visiting an independent bookstore adapted from the house of King Rama VI. Murakami "Naovigian Wood" A life-changing book, "Vikrant Pokaew" from reader to author and book recommendation page online, which makes new writers see the power of sharing and curating books by readers reading activities on trains. Held for the 3rd time by independent bookstore Bookburi, which has only been open for a little over a year. Due to location restrictions, it is not possible to create an exchange space. Organizing outings is another strategy to create memories and highlights for new bookstores while sparking reading. In the midst of an era when the ink industry is still sluggish.
Indie games weave urban dreams of quitting to grow vegetables.|Not so long ago, a game was talked about so widely that it became a global phenomenon. From many elements, both interesting storyline. Talk about city dwellers who quit their slow lives growing vegetables and farming. Most importantly, many players have been Thai since the release of Stardew Valley late last month. The creators themselves did not think that this game would be successful. It was downloaded by an avalanche of downloads and received unanimous reviews with a positive rating of 98% on the webstream. The creators admit that it is inspired by the famous Harvest Moon game, but with its own style of gimmicks added and adapted to the era rather than what should resonate with today's people. So he quit to live a slow life farming and gardening. Expand into various farming as well as learn useful skills such as catching fish. More realistic is that when you get used to the atmosphere inside the story, you will find that there is a company that is trying to use its capital to take over the village. Let's take a look at the history of the creator of Stardew Valley. Eric Barone, an unemployed programmer from Seattle, created this game to pass the time while working in the cinema. Build a fan base by continuously blocking reports on the game's progress until its release, which makes the game's popularity more popular than expected. The sale price is only 315 baht, until it is said that even gamers who like free items to try to play and find the quality of fun still feel guilty until they have to come back to buy copyrighted items to play. The most downloaded nation is the United States, while Thais who mostly use PC-affiliated computers that can install the game were popular until it reached the 6th place. It has been widely talked about. In just 2 weeks, it has been downloaded nearly 600,000 times, which should have earned Eric Barone, the creator of many million dollars, and part of what made the game famous was the installation of additional mods, which were caused by fans to further customize the game and allow other players to download it to add to the game. This will make each person's game diverse, as well as other factors such as detailed and new game systems. There's nothing to discover, so it's expected that this game will still be in the interest of gamers for a while.
"Mocktail" Strategies to increase the value of Thai fruits|Thai PBS will introduce you to the profession of "bartender" that Thai people may not be very familiar with, but this profession is another channel that will help drain Thai agricultural products. In addition, it is internationally recognized and generates extraordinary income.
The style of shaking up the beverage ingredients is one of the steps that bartenders use to make drinks, which can be seen at restaurants or establishments at night. But the general public is not well aware of this profession and often sees it as just a mix of alcoholic beverages for sale, also known as "cocktails", but in fact, bartenders also have other menus that are non-alcoholic and healthy, which foreigners prefer to call "mocktails". Special Lecturer, Department of Home Economics, Kasetsart University Revealed that mocktails, or mixed fruit and vegetable juice drinks, are the use of fresh fruits and vegetables to be processed and create added value. The main fruits that are commonly used as ingredients are all available throughout all provinces of Thailand, such as oranges, lemons, coconuts, pineapples, peppermint, both easy to find and cheap. Making mocktails does not always require fresh fruit with beautiful fruit, it may also be fresh fruit with bruised skin. To bring something that wastes the opportunity to generate income. Let's create a more expensive value for investment for start-ups. The cost of equipment is in the top tens of thousands. Not as high as many people think. Just because you don't know where to buy the equipment. The secret to the success of the bartending business is continuous training, skill development, and proper study. Especially the art of being a bartender, Ms. Konthawan said that the demand for mocktails among consumers is increasing. As a result, the current trend of bartending careers is gaining popularity. Meanwhile, the Thai government has encouraged entrepreneurs such as hotels and resorts to become more knowledgeable in this profession as well. To develop Thai workforce skills and increase their potential. Drawing money from foreign tourists into the country because most consumers are foreigners, while the drought problem that caused the price of fruits to rise is not a problem that has affected this profession much. Because mocktails are actually businesses that use small quantities of fruit. Instead, it generates a high income for business owners or professionals.
"Mahakan Fort" The Last City Chan |Old neighborhoods such as Fort Mahakan may be left with only a name because Bangkok has resolved to move out by the end of the month. The last surviving history of the city is recorded with a painting of an old wooden house about 200 years old. Longevity since King Rama III is depicted with watercolor paintings from the tip of the brush "Wanon Raksiripong". ARCHITECTURE PROFESSOR, ONE OF THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ACTIVITY ON BEHALF OF BANGKOK SKETCHERS TO RECORD THE STORY OF THE FORT MAHAKAN COMMUNITY. In addition to the old houses, it is also full of charm, people's way of life. But these images may only be left as Bangkok has ordered villagers to move from the area at the end of this month. The building that has attracted the attention of a group of illustrators who skated pictures in today's activity is the ancient house of Ten Thousand Sak Sanyakorn, believed to have been built during the reign of King Rama III. Shady atmosphere along the canal Oong Ang. The charm of Chan Phra Nakhon is the canal flanked by the city wall. In the past, it was a stop for loading and unloading ships. To date, the country has changed for development reasons. The old neighborhoods began to disappear, as did Chan Phra Nakhon communities such as Mahakan Fort. A life filled with old days may leave only memories. After 24 years of struggle for generations of residents, "The Wall cannot be traced from the past back to the present. It is a remains buried in ancient sites, that is, the remains of history to indicate from the past to the present. The brothers and sisters of the Fort Mahakan community have preserved the history and passed it down from generation to generation." zahid abbasi The chairman of the community Fort Mahakan Fort camp around Phra Nakhon is evidence of the old city since the time of Rattanakosin until today there are only 2 traces left, namely Phra Sumen Fort and Mahakan Fort. But in the near future, The people of Pom had to move from their long-lived homes to Bangkok. The area has been converted into another park in the Phra Nakhon area. 
Delicious orange matad curry from Mon deck|The way of living is easy to eat with the nature of the Mon people. The food deck is therefore filled with interesting vegetables. One of them, Matad, Thai PBS will take you to the kitchen to cook delicious matadon orange curry in the Mon way. Nakhon Chum To collect the fruits of the matad, which is considered one of the outstanding crops of Mon food, although nowadays it is already in the dry season, but there is still a long season of tatar to be collected for cooking. The matad tree bears a lot of fruit during the rainy season, but it also has enough fruit to be collected in the summer, enough to make the famous Mon dish "Faha Pera" or orange matad curry that is in Mon kitchen until it becomes a regular dish for the spicy orange curry deck. Cooked with pumpkin, young watermelon, eggplant, and basil leaves, not only is it almost fat-free, but Mon wisdom also knows how to use tatard fruit for cooking because it is a plant with sticky mucus like jelly that helps coat stomach and intestinal ulcers. The aroma and shape of the matad are described in the Niras Pratham of Sunthon Phu. It shows that Thai people have known about matad since the past, but it is rarely used in cooking. Meanwhile, Mon people prefer to cook matad until it is unique. As a result, Matad is also called "Mon apple", reflecting the habit of finding and living easily from the surrounding nature. Because originally tatard is a wild plant, found in all regions of the country, tatad is a native plant in Southeast Asia. There are many names after various ethnic groups, such as the Red Karen group called "Tu Khru suit", Shan called "Royal Tean Mai". While Isaan our home is called "Big Short Bug", Mon wisdom in cooking that has been passed down for a long time. It also makes Mon kitchen know how to choose to eat "sticky rice matad" which has a softer texture than "rice tatar" which nowadays many houses are starting to grow more.
"Net iDog", the new role of dogs and the way of four-legged celebrities online|It is also known as the NetiDog or the favorite dog of social media. The lifestyle is almost no different from celebrities like us because not only do they have fan following, some even become product presenters. When business comes into play with your best friend, it's something the owner needs to think carefully. Today (March 28, 2016), reporters reported that at the Internet iDog event, a social favorite dog that was recently held, Boy-Pakorn Chatborirak The actor commented on the matter, saying that it was the first time that the "bull" was introduced. My favorite miniature Pomeranian dog, who has been caring for each other for more than 6 years, came to the event with "In this hot weather, bring a small fan with you to cool off the heat. In addition, he has a personal habit of being a cheerful dog, likes to receive guests, and is familiar with four-legged friends of different breeds because there are more than 10 different dogs at home, including Chihuahuas, Pugs and Thai breeds. It makes the bull not excited," Pakorn said. Dogs that are popular on social media may partly come from having superstar owners, but many others report them because of their personal exclusivity. Like the Ninja House and the Gang with "Ninja". A large Alaskan Malamute dog that is not often seen, has a personal trick is that he likes to howl and sing, while a small Chihuahua "corn" that has 100,000 followers on Facebook Corn is a dog because of his smiling face all the time, but with a cunning disguise. The video has been viewed by millions of views, where Corn uses her front legs to show her love for her Chihuahua sister in respect of the fame that has occurred. As a result, both animal products and human belongings. People are crowding around the iDog netizens quite a bit. It was found that the minimum fee for the four-legged is 5,000 baht per piece. Jeeraphan Meesri, owner of NetiDog, said that he had to choose to accept it as a job, focusing on products related to dogs, according to the intention of creating a page to be a society for true dog lovers, even celebrities. Russell Terrier from Jack Russell Terrier says he takes the job no more than twice a month because his pet dog doesn't like to travel long distances and gets motion sickness easily. When a dog becomes an online star -------- internet iDog or social media favorite, it is almost no different from a celebrity because it is not just a fan following. Some even become product presenters or receive product reviews as if they were real net idols. When business comes in, it's something the owner needs to think carefully about#ไทยบันเทิง #ThaiPBS  
Middle Eastern culture reflected through "Junened Perfume" The oldest home-cooked perfume shop in the Persian Gulf |Perfume blending has long been a part of Middle Eastern culture, just as Junened Perfume in Bahrain has been open for over 100 years. Today (March 29, 2016), the International News Agency reported that Juned Perfume Perfume is sold in Manama Market. In Bahrain for more than a century. The store's legend began when Syed Junade Alam Founder of the store Started mixing perfume itself in 1910, it is one of the oldest perfume shops in the Persian Gulf and uses regional ingredients to create different aromas. Today, the Juneled family continues this profession. It attracts people with a variety of aromatic wedges, obstructed Sidiq. Juned Perfume's communications manager said Arabic perfume contains few ingredients. Most of them are a combination of agarwood, amber, roses, but may use different types of agarwood and amber, different varieties of roses and spices are added to it. But the perfume industry has changed. Even the customer base that visits the store has changed with Huraa. Abas Juned Perfume's assistant manager said most teenagers in Bahrain prefer to go to department stores, but there are still some who stop by to buy doctor's water. Therefore, the current customer base is foreigners who like to visit to buy in addition to producing and selling perfumes. Junenade Perfume It also has a policy to contribute to society by employing 40 women in the perfume production line. Most of them are widows or single mothers from poor families. Of course, the perfume formula is a secret. Bottle design is also important. Because the bottle is the first thing customers will see. Inside the shop, there are bottles with beautiful patterns and different shapes. Designed by Hamad Faud Akhtar, great-grandson of the founder of Juned Perfume. As Hamad's latest successor, Faoud Akhtar said when Arab customers enter the store, they ask if there is anything new. The shop had to always create new fragrances and design new bottles that were unique. The exhibition is illuminated with twinkling lights, giving it a modern atmosphere different from the traditional shops in the market. Current Juned Perfume There are 140 stores worldwide. Available both in Russia. Poland, Azerbaijan, as well as in Indonesia and China, because perfume is one of the cultures. Arab traditions and treasures When taken as a souvenir to friends or family, it is both a symbol of beauty and love. Nowadays, the custom of using perfumes has opened up. Originally stored in the bedroom or dressing room, it was brought to the middle of the house. Anyone who visits can use it.
Video Art World of "Kavita Wattanachyangkur"|Just over a year after starting her career in the Thai art industry, Kavita Wattanachyangkoon, a young artist who presents issues about women through video art. To create a satirical social animation, 2 baskets of vegetables that are hung with weight by the neck and ankles, resembling human scales, is the work of Kavita Wattanachyangkur. The young artist invested in modeling and setting up a camera to represent the hard work. If you can only redeem a small waiting fee. A new series of video arts that are currently in the editing process just over a year after I started working in the Thai art industry. Participated in both Thailand eye at Succi Gallery, London, Bangkok Art Gallery, and opened the first solo exhibition in Thailand. Kavita's name has caught the eye as a young contemporary artist. Highlights of a self-communicative live color video art It also creates a double meaning of the artwork inspired by the close subjects, both questioning the role of Thai women in the home through the previous series of works, as well as reflecting on the lives of women in the market or construction site in the new series. As a result, she found that quite a few people still value video art as just a digital file. If for her. This is the result of ideas crystallized by the artist's experiments, as well as another role that the young artist hopes to pave the way for animation art to be familiar to Thais. To be the driver of the ferry art gallery in Tha Tien, focusing only on video art. As Ferries Gallery While she knows that artistic tastes may not change anytime soon, Kavita believes that the intentional and continuous production of video art artists will eventually erase artistic boundaries.
"Poi Trichada" from beauty queen to inspirational role model on Miss Tiffany's Universe stage|So beautiful that she earned the title of princess on the red carpet in China. This makes Poi- Trichada Malyaporn accepted and overlooked her gender identity. Part of that comes from their efforts and abilities, setting an example for many queer women to want to get to this point. Part of the contest started today (April 21, 2016) with less than a month to get in shape in the swimsuit round. The final 30 contestants will know if their efforts will catch the judges' eye at Miss Tiffany's Universe 2016. Add shadows on your belly to look six-pack when hitting the stage lights with a real puppet show. No stand-in or helper Seeing only one pair of abs and arm muscles, you can already know how fit Baipai-Chatchapar Thepkunanon is because he is a yoga teacher and regularly practicing cardio. She won the special prize "Miss Fit & Firm" in line with the concept that Poi-Trichada, one of the judges of Miss Tiffany's Universe 2016, revised the image of queer women as good from within. Because he hopes to be accepted as opposed to the organizer Poi-Trichada Malyaporn who spent many years proving himself last. Appearing in the dress of world-class designer Ralph Lauren at a red carpet event in Beijing. The People's Republic of China with impeccable beauty has also been compared to Fan Bingping. The top Chinese actress who has been successful in the movie industry in the land of dragons also tells of overcoming the barriers of queer sexuality that China has strict by seizing acting roles as a real woman. Because it is too metaphorical to deny that the beauty of Poi-Trichada is still the number one forever for the queer community in Thailand. But on the day when the appearance came beyond the point of doubt, Poi-Trichada chose to fulfill what he still wants to develop, including acting skills that he has now signed a contract with a 10-year contract with a film label in Hong Kong, as well as continuing to seek more knowledge by pursuing a doctorate in science, as well as choosing Dhamma to live his life to train his mind to always be positive.  
Brazilian Chic Ideas Invite the NHC to ride a bicycle to collect electricity to use for free movie screenings on Saturday night.|The modern lifestyle is becoming more conscious of health and the environment. In Brazil, the two streams are combined into a fun activity. By allowing the public to participate in cycling to generate electricity. In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 20 bicycles have been installed to invite people to exercise for fun. Under the theme of "Cine Pedal", electricity generated from the leg power of all volunteer riders will be used to project movies in the middle of the plot in front of the spinning yard. The organizers say that the true aim of the event is to be a hero. Pedal is not just generating electricity because bicycle power generation produces little electricity, but more importantly, making people realize that everyone is responsible for the energy they consume in their daily lives. As well as promoting alternative energy through recreational activities that combine sports, technology and culture, this is Brazil's first time using human-powered spinning technology, which organizers plan to do so at various locations. in 10 other cities nationwide.  
Transgender girl advertising model helps sari in India sell well|Gender diversity issues that are not yet open in Asian society Just like India, which is still unacceptable and has no space for this group of people, the designer sells small sari clothing. Instead of inviting transgender women to shoot commercials, it became strange and helped to sell unexpectedly today (May 24, 2016), the International News Agency reported. When young designer Sharmila Sharmila Nair decided to use two transgender models to shoot commercials for her saree to match her new collection, Mazhavil, which means rainbow, a work she has created dedicated to LGBTQ people, especially a rare occurrence in Indian society. As LGBTQ people remain socially marginalized and unaccepted, most are unemployed and have only the choice of becoming dancers. Comedian or recently entered the service trade. More gender equality campaigns have begun. The same applies to advertising sari dresses that try to open up space.2 The transgender woman said she was inspired by a post announcing the government's policy to improve the quality of life for LGBTQ people, so she thought she could do something. He contacted Queerala who works to help LGBTQ people in Kerala. Before asking a volunteer model to shoot an advertisement for her clothes. The model must have 2 qualities: being a person who likes to wear a sari and not shy away from the camera. When Nair met the two models, the volunteers were surprised because they were dressed as men, even changed their outfits and put on makeup, so they became beautiful models as they seemed, even though they were not professionals. Designer Girl specify  
"Eight Stripes", the city of the river of life |The catchphrase Chachoengsao province that eight stripes have been around for a long time, but to find the origin of the name still has no clear answer. There is only a legend that corresponds to the abundance of the river is called eight stripes or Chachoengsao, it is understood locally as meaning the city of Chachoengsao, where the Bang Pakong river flows through until there is a legend of the integrity of the river with abundant fish. The name Chachoengsao has been officially used since it was raised to provincial status. 100 years ago, it is believed that the distortion comes from the Khmer word "Satung Trang" or "Chatroung Tera", meaning a deep canal with a length of at least 230 kilometers from the upper reaches of Khao Yai downstream at the Gulf of Thailand. The fertility of the land and the water. Record mango cultivation up to 30,000 rai, known for its variety of tasty mango varieties. There have been 46 consecutive mango festivals, partly because the Bang Pakong River nourishes Chachoengsao as an important land on the eastern seaboard. First named in the royal chronicles of the Ayutthaya period, which later became a frontier town to the Rattanakosin tree, it is known as the land of cultivation because more than 60% of the agricultural land grows rice, rubber, young coconut and mango, all of which depend mainly on the river from Khao Yai through rice fields to the Gulf of Thailand. The river of life of Chachoengsao people Believe that it is the origin of the name of the city. At present, there are still efforts to push the Bang Pakong River basin as a wetland in order to preserve the eco-environment and cultural landscape to stay with the city for a long time. 
"Bangkok Handmade Transport" deciphers transportation in big cities|Rapid and fast mode of transportation From the creation of people in that profession is an important cog that supports urban life for a long time. If because there is no systematic study. aa Architect, urban planning researcher, deciphering the transportation system in Bangkok through the book "Bangkok Handmade Transport", a long audio signal means the ship is docked. If you go ahead, it's a short voice several times. The sound from the whistle has been modified to make the air vent wider than usual to make it louder than the engine. Architect and researcher on transportation systems together with the team of documentary makers "Wind Group" It took 1 year to record data to decipher innovations invented by people in the transportation profession. Personalised forms and management Even helped facilitate a couple of city dwellers for a long time. If there has never been a study or record to further develop Behind the backlash of big cities is collected in the book "Bangkok Handmade transit". Systems that we have never seen written as stereotypes, such as stinging boats, speed boats, etc. When there is a plan, I hope that in the future someone may develop it further, maybe put GPS into the bus system. At least this book makes it written. It was originally word-of-mouth knowledge," said Yanyong Boonlong, editor of the book Bangkok Handmade Transport, a survey of 10 forms of travel in the book Bangkok. Handmade transport such as tuk-tuks found that they are still the main choice for Thais during peak hours because of route accuracy and traffic prediction. Even though it is conducive to living. As times change, architects and researchers note that technology should be applied to infrastructure services that could create added economic value. "Nowadays, there are bus company employees who are in line to see where they are. Passengers will not have to wait in line at the bus stop. It is of enormous economic value that if passengers know that in 5 minutes the bus will come. He could buy a bowl of noodles, or if the bus would be here in half an hour, he might stop by and shop. While if you don't know the time in advance, you have to wait like that. Shopping in that area is less," Yanyong said, giving an example of economic value perspective. Handmade transport books were created through fundraising by allowing sponsors to suggest content. For the organizers as urban people, it is also seen that even today, in the IT era, there are still new transportation innovations by private sectors. If driven by the government, it is another important factor that will help develop the transportation system to better accommodate the metropolis. 
School for Designers to Pursue a Career Path |Another dream of a Thai fashion student is to learn from a well-known Japanese design institute. One of them, Bunka Fashion College, changed the fashion scene after World War II, which not only produced Japan's first fashion magazine, but also taught me how to think at the event that was the source of success from the idea that the hexagonal shape of the honeycomb makes the hive as strong as possible. It matches the clothing style that wants to reflect the personality of a strong girl into an all-black dress that looks powerful. Add a futuristic hexagonal pattern twist to the cover and skirt. All designs Sasima Suchinroj Well-thought-out designer students Pay attention until it is a clear piece of work. Sent her to win the Best Design Award. On graduation day from Bunka Fashion Academy Thailand Preparing to enter the path of designer, the design profession is another side that I love. Singer Proud Ornicha Krinchai decided to study design. Use your reputation to create your own street brand. Try selling through Instagram channels for a year. Bunka Institute alumni revealed that, in addition to marketing, Japan's Bunka Fashion Design Institute is not only ranked at the top of Asia, but also ranked No. 2 in the world. There are some of Japan's top designers in the 70s, including Kenzo Takada, Yohji Yamamoto, Rei Kawakubo, three musketeers who dared to go against the Western design trend. Using Asian patterns like kimono. Emphasizing loose and tight cuts to transform clothes in that era in addition to classroom knowledge. Real experience on the pitch It is another principle of molding designers with a new pedigree of Japanese fashion institutes that have been around for 93 years, and also provides opportunities for students to exchange with designers in Japan to gain experience in developing their craft.
"Om Cocktail" as a plastic model collector |Om Cocktail In addition to owning a song that has surpassed a million views. It is also an icon of plastic model lovers, until fans call it a semi-profession, if you try to sit in this corner at any time, it will definitely take at least 7 hours. Use the concentrate to paint the plastic model one by one. The smaller the details, the more challenging Om Pandpol. Prasarnratkit But Om has to discipline himself and get enough rest because he relies on both concentration and eyesight from a 10-year-old toy as a collectible, until he proudly does it himself, and today there are more than 1,000 plastic models, especially more than 500 WarHammer warrior figures that are especially important than imagination. Many pieces have been reworked with weapon patterns. Dimensional gradients, including bases that use crushed glass instead of snow or wood chips instead of stone. Part of my favorite hobby comes from the instillation of my family who want to help me concentrate and solve impatient problems to have fun. Seek information from the entire Internet. Read Japanese magazines and draw inspiration from Andy Wardle, a true British model. After putting up the mic, he was also a consultant for toy lovers, and set up a new Ohmhorsmodelwork Instagram as a space to share knowledge of like-minded people. He says that music and modeling are hardly different because they are creative jobs that require the same concentration and imagination as well as hobbies. Spend only 15 days a month studying for the 2nd Bar Exam, proving your abilities on a variety of life paths.
Beautiful but risky with 4 fashion threats to health |High heels, tight jeans, tight dresses, body piercings are quite popular fashions and many people have been living with them for years, but this beauty may come at the expense of Alexandra's health. Cifferlin, a health columnist for TIME magazine, wrote a warning to fashion fans on motto.time.com, a sister website of TIME magazine. TIME says that following fashion makes people happy, but there are also risks, while inviting fashion fans to explore their wardrobe and popularity to see what risks harming their health. She has put forward four fashion trends that research suggests can negatively affect health. In U.S. Neuroscience The 35-year-old woman was found numb while she was wearing skinny jeans, and her legs and ankles were so swollen that she couldn't take her pants off. A nurse at the emergency room had to use scissors to cut off her jeans. The patient with the tight jeans told doctors that her ankles and toes were weak, but other organs such as her knees and hips were still functioning. Doctors who have studied this condition call it "tight-pants syndrome" or a disorder caused by wearing too many tight pants. According to Dr. Bessa, It has been found that many men come to the doctor from abdominal agitation as a result of wearing tight pants. Doctors concluded that tights will adversely affect long-term health, the negative effects of high heels on the wearer's health have long been talked about. However, high heels are still indispensable for many women, so it doesn't hurt to put forward a warning from foot health experts to read again that people who like to wear high heels are at risk of health problems. The wearer's feet will bear more weight. Standing or walking in high heels is not a natural thing for humans. It doesn't just affect the feet and ankles. But it also affects other parts of the body, especially the spine. Doctors recommend wearing high heels if necessary. It should not be worn for a long time and the heel must not be too high, tight dresses or "corsets" are what many people use as a shortcut to make the figure fit and wear beautiful clothes. But there are warnings from health experts that wearing slimming clothing causes pain to the wearer. Difficulty breathing and may affect the ribs This corset wearing fashion is very popular among the followers of girls. The Kardashian family, Hollywood's most famous celebrities who use corsets to help with sexy hourglass shaped bodies perforating their bodies is another favorite of many. Northwestern University in the United States reported a 2012 study that found that up to 20 percent of people get infected with bacteria from body piercings. But there is also infection through a puncture in the nose. Lip piercings, nipple piercings, navel piercings, and genital piercings, which are found in both women and men. Before drilling, you should think about the appropriateness and choose a clean and reliable shop to prevent infection.
Rare Thai dessert "Rice poop" of Dee Ban Pong, Ratchaburi province, inherited the original recipe for 70 years. |The mention of "rat poop" may be familiar to many people and used to be easy to find in the market. If today is a Thai dessert is difficult to eat because there are few people who know the recipe left, Im the taste of today to taste the sweet smell of papaya dessert in Ratchaburi province today (June 3, 2559), the reporter reported. It also takes the right amount of force to grind until a fine dough is obtained, which is one of the important steps in making traditional Thai desserts. "Rat poop" that many people may have known and tasted before, but nowadays it is difficult to find and find delicious food is more difficult. Because rat poop candy relies on meticulousness. It takes a long time and pays attention to every fine pattern, from choosing rice to making flour. Important tips How to make a traditional papaya dough that gives a fine texture and chews not rough throat. Dansilp, who inherited from his family, said he had to use rice flour milled from rice, grind it with a water bottle that he could handle, then sift until he got a fine flour and steam it for 3-4 hours. If the texture of the dough melts in the mouth, it is worth the time, another important step that is not difficult. If you pay attention to jasmine syrup mixed with the green of pandan leaves and pink from food coloring, you must mix it into the steamed dough and bake candle smoke and ylang-ylang flowers to get the charming aroma of Thai desserts. At the same time, the meticulousness in the use of raw materials makes the uninherited papaya dessert become another kind of Thai dessert that is difficult to find. The selection of quality ingredients that are easy to find in the area is also key, such as coconut sprinkles that must be selected and grated by yourself to get a soft and crispy coconut strand. Good luck is still in Ratchaburi as a source of coconut plantations. There are also jasmine, pandan leaves, and ylang-ylang that can be grown by yourself, making the cost not so high. For more than 70 years, the Dansilp family has inherited the traditional Thai dessert recipe by preserving the taste and traditional process as much as possible. Ratchaburi province for the new generation to taste delicious. At the same time, the older generation has recalled the sweet taste of the past, another tip if you want to eat delicious paprika must know how to squeeze or crumple the oil to seep out of the coconut meat. 
"Halbrad", the new invention of bicycle lovers|Inventors in Germany developed a new type of bicycle, a half-wheeled two-wheeled bicycle that can ride more flexibly and compactly than folding bicycles today (June 6, 2016). Felix Kruschardt, a inventor in Berlin, Germany, developed a new type of bicycle, a half-wheeled two-wheeled bicycle, and named it "Halbrad" in German, meaning half bike. Khrushhardt also asked others to try his hand at his half-bike, which those who tried it said seemed difficult at first, but once they got used to it, they were comfortable to ride. Half a bike, in addition to being agile, is also easy to carry and does not have to waste time folding like a folding bike, but anyone who wants to ride it will have to wait because Kruschardt has not yet produced it for sale, but it plans to market soon.     
Know "valiant" Dhammanita" from a canal boy to the spokesperson of the disciples of Wat Phra Dhammakaya|"Your Majesty..." It seems to be one of the most familiar words to the whole country in the past two months. Thamnitha Spokesperson of the Disciples Council Since the DSI issued a summons to Phra Dhammachyoma to acknowledge the allegations with a manner of speech that could be called professional. It's plain. It's rhythmic. Sequence of issues and put forward information to reinforce it firmly. Coupled with efforts to protect Wat Phra Dhammakaya and Phra Dhammachyo, or as they call "Phra Det Phra Grace Luang Por" wholeheartedly, many people may want to know that "valiant. "Art" was born in June 1981 and graduated from Thammasat Khlong Luang Wittayakom School. Khlong Nung He graduated from the Faculty of Science, Walai Yolongkorn Rajabhat University under the Patronage of His Majesty the King and the Faculty of Communication Arts (Radio and Television). Ongarn said in an interview about his personal life on the program "Life Designer" broadcast on DMC TV in late 2014 that he was born at his family's home in Khlong Nung. Klongluang District "I was lucky to be born near the temple." He said on the show that his father was a rather strict soldier. He said that he knew Wat Phra Dhammakaya for the first time from his grandmother, who was a Dharma Dhammo, who liked to pray to the temple to make merit since the past. He recounted the Thai PBS news team trying to contact Mr. Ong-aj to inquire about his life and work. However, a search on the internet revealed that Ong was active in social activism since he was a youth. He has received several awards from various organizations, such as the National Youth Outstanding Award 2002 and the National Youth Volunteer Model 2003. In 2005, he led students to submit an open letter to the Stock Exchange of Thailand opposing the listing of alcoholic beverage businesses. With being a good speaker and having a degree to an outstanding youth. He was persuaded by Wat Phra Dhammakaya to act as the host and "Dhamma announcer" for DMC TV, often using the name "Luk ART" in news coverage on the www.dmc.tv website, mainly covering news about the activities of Wat Phra Dhammakaya such as the opening of the Swiss branch of Wat Phra Dhammakaya or "Thum Sudrit Close the Pagoda" in Australia. M3 I heard about the training of the Heir Buddhist teacher at the school. He invited me to train the 8th precept and become a novice for about 1 month at Wat Phra Dhammakaya, it is not easy to say yes to the teacher even though the house would not object. No, it's a great opportunity to send our children closer to Buddhism." "With just over 20 days to train, it changed my life. From never knowing why we were born, what is our purpose in life, it makes it clear that we are born to create perfection and access true happiness is the inner Dhamma. As for our goal in life to reach the end of Dhamma...that impression has become a great force in my majesty today. After the training I hurried to thank the teacher and the teacher for being a kind friend, and to discuss the affairs of creating glory, focusing on the school where I was studying. With the establishment of the Buddhist Science Club", Ongarn said in the program "Life Designer" in 2014 that volunteering for Wat Phra Dhammakaya required him to know how to divide his working time well. Ongarn was one of the recipients of the CEO Thailand Awards 2014 organized by the National Assembly of Radio and Television News Broadcasters of Thailand. And in the same year, ThaiPublica website reported that he was awarded the "World Buddhist Leader" award in the media category by the National Buddhist Agency. He often served as an informant for the press instead of Phra Sanitwong. Wutthiwangso Director, Corporate Communications Office Wat Phra Dhammakaya According to sources, the latter has reduced its role because the daily news clarification is not up to date enough. Mr Ong clarified this issue to reporters this evening (June 6). In regards to his role with Phra Sanitwong, that the reason why he has played more roles in recent times is because the disciples are very active." I have learned many things from him and have joined him as a disciple. The students have been very active lately, so they see me a lot. If you make a statement in the name of the temple, I found Luang Brother Sanitwong." Mr. Ong stated read: 2-month chronology issued summons to "Phra Dhammachyo" to acknowledge the allegations. Here, Kulthida. Samabuddhi, Thai PBS Online Reporter report
"The heart is music. Age is not an obstacle" of "Malinda Herman." |Malinda Herman, a 66-year-old aunt who performed her singing and guitar skills on Facebook in less than a day, has been viewed more than 5 million times. Thai PBS talks to Malinda about her musical life.
The acoustic guitar sound is accompanied by Malinda's vocals. Herman or Malinda? Phosit 66-year-old in her specialty in '70s international music. Guitar scratching gestures with English accents She said it was from her grandparents. A native of Yugoslavia and Singapore, Malinda grew up in a musical family. She started playing guitar at the age of 13, and at the age of 30, she was involved in a car accident and her left side of her face was crooked. Because the doctor recommended moving her face frequently, she chose singing to help her face move. "If you're 60 years old, you usually have to retire and rest, some have a lot of grandchildren, some families are happy like that, but some people who wake up in the morning to make merit in the bowl are another happiness, but ours is music, and then we train our children, puppies and kittens to listen to music. If you don't listen, you're fussy," Malinda says of her joy in life. Singing with his son-Keetarath Bunyaratpan It is a pleasure to spend free time with you. She passed on playing guitar to her son, instilled in her love of music from a young age, seeing it as a way to increase new skills, enhance her leisure activities, and also spend time together. She would attend the shop two days a week, another talent of this elderly woman. Malinda knew that the picture was playing music and singing her songs. When it is widely disseminated. Many said they were surprised because her manner and vocals might seem a little younger. You have to think that we're based on our age. It's where we are. If we think we're over 60, I'm going to have to stay home. I have to go to the bowl in the morning. Maybe not. Not us. We want to do whatever we want to do that we enjoy." Seeing Malinda on Facebook Malinda Herman, she said it was easy for her. She uses this space to communicate with new friends she may not be familiar with. She recently posted a video of her singing a guitar playing for her friends, impressing many social media users. In less than a day, the video has been viewed more than 5 million times. And this is a phenomenon that makes her glad that she can make others happy. 
Wong Valley Reservoir Tour Pang Ung of Suphan Buri|Wong Valley Reservoir is another tourist attraction in Suphan Buri province that has an atmosphere similar to Pang Ung Mae Hong Son province which is popular with tourists and called this place "Pang Ung of Suphan Buri". With rivers and mixed forests, the atmosphere is similar to that of Pang Ung, Mae Hong Son Province. Therefore, tourists often call this place the Pang Ung of Suphan Buri, although there is no electricity yet, but it is still popular with tourists. Meanwhile, a group of local residents asked tourists to maintain the cleanliness and integrity of the Wong Valley reservoir nature. Currently temporarily closed to allow nature to recover from the nature of forests that have entered the hot and dry climate, it will reopen for tourists to stay on August 12, 2016 and there will be a forest ordination ceremony for the people of Ban Phu Nam Ron community.
Australia spends money researching the ugliest colors in the world Hope to make cigarette packs to help reduce the rate of people who smoke. |People may have different colors that they like, but if they don't like it, there may be more matches. "Yellowish-brown" is the number 1 color that people dislike, which the Australian government is preparing to use as the color of cigarette packets. Hope people reduce smoking today (June 9, 2016) The Times website reports that yellowish-brown is the most hated color by the world, as it is defined by most people as giving a sense of death. Dirty, like distilled oil paint, which often emits an unpleasant odor and is the color of tobacco leaves that cause lung blackening, with the full name of this color listed as Pantone color. 448 C was officially selected after CGFK Blue Moon conducted seven researches that collected feedback from 1,000 people over a three-month period. Hopefully, it will help people reduce the urge to smoke. After this, the Australian government will issue a measure requiring all tobacco mills to produce the same sachets. Just like governments in other countries such as Britain, Ireland and France, which passed simple tobacco packaging laws, they plan to use yellowish-brown as the same color for cigarette packets, the Times reported.
A Guide to Living as a Couple During Euro Football|From June to early July, football fans prepare and settle down on TV screens from early evening until dawn. But for those who don't like to watch football, it would feel uncomfortable to live with football fans who follow all 51 football games. In addition to occupying space in the bedroom. The living room is already a base for cheering the ball. Some couples may have to stay away from each other for a while to maintain their relationship." When you win the ball, both the sound and the gesture, what do you want to win?" This is the feeling of a wife who used to be unhappy with her husband and felt that the ball was taking away their time as opposed to another young woman who was an avid ball fan. She often gets annoyed with her husband who likes to talk to her. Ask this question while she's winning her favourite match, which is when she says she "doesn't want to hear anything" to maintain a good relationship in her marriage during the Euro Cheering Festival. The Thai PBS Online news team has gathered advice from the experiences of couples, both those who like to watch and dislike to watch football, how to live happily with a couple who love football in the month of Euros.1. Do activities you like when the other person is focused on cheering on football or exhausted from sleep deprivation because watching football late at night. It's a time to spend time with yourself. Do activities you want to do but don't have the opportunity to do. Make good use of your free time, such as doing household chores.2.Take the opportunity to learn to watch football and enjoy it for those who are not interested in watching football. This could be an opportunity to get to know and experience a sport that half the world is passionate about. Maybe you'll find it fun. Discover your favorite team 3. Don't touch your favorite team, an office worker whose wife loves to watch football suggests that criticizing the football team she cheers for wholeheartedly can lead to arguments. Therefore, it is best to avoid talking about the other party's favorite team. If you can't speak in your ear, it can make the atmosphere in the house more tense.  4. Become an official main sponsor for some people Watching football may not be a pleasure, but caring for a loved one is happiness. You can play as a food and drink advocate for late-night hunger, or to nourish your body from watching football until dawn to get to work. Watching football at home happily may also make your partner choose to watch football at home instead of cheering outside. Those who don't like to watch football also have advice to those who like to watch football as well: Beware of disturbing the rest of the people in the house because some families have a television in the bedroom. Turning on the TV late at night or waking up to watch football in the middle of the night can disturb those who are with you. Don't overburden your work and life with advice from couples during the Euros. There are also recommendations from the Department of Health, Ministry of Public Health on 5 techniques to relieve fatigue from sleep deprivation to watch football. 1. Go to bed immediately when the football is over so that your body can rest fully. Get ready for the next morning.2.Don't get sleepy with coffee because your body and brain will be stimulated by caffeine, which is harmful in the long run.3.Eat fruits and vegetables rich in vitamins and B, which are present in fruits and vegetables, meat, which will help fight fatigue and help maintain proper blood sugar levels and strengthen the nervous system.4.Drink plenty of water to balance the body and increase oxygen in the blood. 5.Stretch Change your posture so that your body is lethargic, tired from lack of sleep, and always alert.
Farewell to Root Garden, a land that is more than a vegetable garden in the middle of the city.|Even though it is the last day of Root Garden, a green space in Thonglor, the day of farewell is still filled with people who have visited and people who have just come to know after learning about the closure of the garden. "I came here when I started clearing grass, starting to decorate new places. Dent–Somrudee Yeongram, one of Root's regulars. Garden recalled the first day she met this place. From what I walked by. I don't know what this place does. Next thing you know, Root. Since then, the garden has become a space for her children to walk, climb, touch the soil, feed animals, and grow up with the city park. Somruedee, who lives in Thonglor, recalls his feelings, "Our son is the same age as Root Garden. Now I think it could be more developed, but unfortunately it had to close." Grower Workshop "Root Garden" The 250-square-wah plot of land was sponsored by the owner of the Chaiyawana-Kruvine Malik Foundation, which allowed it to be used free of charge by writing the idea on just a few pages of paper by the Thai Land Restoration Project team in the heart of the city. The Land Law Campaign Working Group hopes to make the downtown area in one of Bangkok's most expensive neighborhoods a communication space about the country's land access inequality, far from the perception of urban people, according to the Root Garden team on Facebook. "A brief real touch can be more persuasive than hundreds of thousands of words." "We create a certain level of controversy, get people interested and have an angle to reach people, and when they go back, people ask questions, we have the ability to answer. Thailand has very high land inequality," said Chakchai Makethongdee, Director of the Urban Thai Land Restoration Project and Policy Coordinator-Campaign at Oxfam Thailand. Said in a discussion about Ruth's 18-month lesson. Garden on June 18, 2016 In the closing talk of the team of 3 boys--Ekdanai Wongwattana, Pakorn Areekul and Chakchai Makethongdee, they agreed that they could not call it a "model area for land reform". The Garden is successful in communicating with people and is also a space for exchanging ideas through dialogue forums. Root Talk, which was held about 10 times, he admitted was strange that the central business district of Soi Thonglor would be debated over fisheries policy. Fair trade: The problem of forest encroachment from corn farming." It's just a small mechanism in a much bigger turbocharger, not that building a garden will solve the problem of land." The Root Garden team and the Honno Beagle who stop by Root Garden will have to meet. In terms of people's lives in public spaces, Nai-Ekdanai Wongwattana The head of the root team. The Garden He said what brought the park to life was the story of the day, like children who never knew each other, speaking different languages. Playing together for days, he told the story of "Nine Sisters". The baby sells water next to Root. Garden often acts as a guide for other children brought by their parents first. Egdnai tells parents that Root The Garden is a place where children can play with little supervision. Kids do whatever they want. The team is watching from afar, and there's a nine-year-old. Local guides keep playing with the kids, including "Honno," a beagle who has been appointed by many as Root's brand ambassadors. FARMER SHOP, one of the organic vegetable shops in Root Market, mediates between farmers and consumers under the fun story of Root Garden, which sometimes has to answer questions about urban innocence. There are also vegetable growing workshops or the opening of the "Root Market" where consumers and farmers meet. He sees all of this as a starting point to leave the city's hearts ajar to recognize the problems of people who have no place to eat." I think what we originally proposed for land was like clean, healthy food, but not delicious. People eat less, I don't eat it, but when we cook it a little delicious, it's spicy, but it still uses organic ingredients, so it's not very healthy, but at least it's useful for people to go. One day you want to move up, you can change," explains Ekdanai a chicken coop with an infographic describing the use of land to grow maize. One of the problems the team faced on the day the farm was shut down was finding a new home for pets like goats and chickens, as well as a vegetable plot that had been nurturing for almost two years. Garden was also graciously given by the parents of the children to take over. The laying hens had farms from Phetchaburi province that the network of farmers would take care of, but in the end, the team decided to pass on goats and chickens. Homeless and urban poor who have recently built communities in Phutthamonthon Sai 2On the closing day of Root Garden, Chakrachai concluded that the 18 months of Root Garden have achieved the goal of allowing the wasteland to be used in a public way that is not purely a business but can take care of itself. It is a social contribution that the Chaiyava-Kruvine Malik Foundation, the landowner, will now continue to use the area in the same way as Root. The Garden used to do it before, but as in the form of foundations in the field of arts and activities for youth, although today Root The garden is a thing of the past, but this land is waiting for new stories to emerge, as the message in the letter is that little Santisuk Sophonsiri The chairman of the Shaina-Kruvine Malik Foundation wrote, "... Not far away, the foundation will be supported by the Root Garden Working Group. To carry out permanent public benefit work on this land." Golden Lotus Thai PBS Online Reporter report      
100th Anniversary Bangkok Railway Station |19 years after the railway operation, Bangkok Station or Hua Lamphong was the heart of the journey connecting the capital to the region. Today, it is still a center full of people's memories of railways, if the railroad reaches anywhere, it will flourish because it connects the capital with remote areas. Easier to transport goods than ever before. According to the records of the Department of Phraya Damrong King that after the train reached Korat and saw galvanized houses instead of leaves from Grilled crispy fish from Battambang carried by train down to sell in Bangkok. Traces of the city's prosperity and the early story of the Thai railway business are told through the 100th anniversary of Bangkok Station, the anniversary on June 25, the first day of the opening of a large and beautiful Western architectural building. Replacing the original wooden house to be the central railway station of the country. King Rama V foresees that the rail transportation system will contribute to domestic transportation in the future. This is the first station for the State Railway of Thailand. The historical value is huge," said Wuttichat Kalyanamitr, governor of the State Railway of Thailand. Relive the beginning of the Thai Railway, the name Bangkok Station, but popularly called Hua Lamphong. From the name of the former Hua Lamphong station across the street. Today, it is still the origin of the rails in different regions and is a historical evidence from the earliest times to this day. The idea to build a beautiful Bangkok station was initiated in 1910 and completed in 1916. Designed by Italian architect Mario Tamagno based on Renaissance art influences. Late 19th century passenger hall and platform structure. Designed by Gerber German engineers were as pompous as the West preferred to build public buildings or city churches to be noticeably large. "100 years ago, Hua Lamphong represented construction technology. We have never had such a large steel structure before. The speaker head represents civility because the country was in a period of colonization from England and France. Hua Lamphong seems to show that Thailand A small country in Asia has the potential to have trains. There is public transport that is the same as in civilized countries." Lecturer, Faculty of Architecture, King Mongkut's University of Technology Ladkrabang Discuss the architectural value of Thailand's first railway station. Less than 3 years after the countdown, the rail hub will move to Bang Sue Central Station, and Bangkok Station or Hua Lamphong Railway Station will change its status to a living railway museum. Traces of the past that stand tall through time. It shows its development from its inception to its 100th year as an important historical heritage and also represents memories across generations. 
Miss Teen USA stage announces no swimsuits. Change to show off your sportswear according to health trends. |The beauty pageant has long been criticized for its swimsuit showcase. As a result, many stages have begun to change to other talent shows or cut out the swimsuit show. Let's change the swimsuit show revealing body to a female athlete's uniform according to the trend of exercise to take care of health instead today (July 1, 2016). The Miss Universe organization, which oversees the Miss Teen USA junior beauty pageant, has officially announced that this year (2016), 51 beauty queens from all states across the United States will compete in sportswear instead of swimsuits. To emphasize the importance of exercise, as it has always claimed, the swimsuit show is a show that shows physical strength. Last year's Miss Teen USA winner (2015) said she has always been an athlete, competing in softball and on the dance team. She wears sportswear regularly. The new direction of this contest will be to set an example of active living for girls. Miss Teen USA is a beauty pageant affiliated with Miss Universe, but it is a junior stage that is only open to American women representing each state between the ages of 15 and 19. It is unclear whether the big stage Miss Universe will change its swimsuit show to athletes' uniforms as well. The new rules are one of the modernizations of the image of the Miss Universe competition. After the owner changed hands from Donald Trump to WME-IMG, the change was beneficial in terms of business because the market for sportswear was wider and the capital was thicker than swimwear alone. In addition to the trend of young people turning their attention to fitness, from now on, the contest stage will be able to fully accept sportswear sponsorship. The Miss Teen USA stage will be held in Las Vegas on July 30, and this era is known as the era of athletic fashion, not just beauty pageants, but also celebrities who have turned to advertising or co-designing for clothing and fitness shoe brands.  
Hip hairstyles Salon Street 100 Baht!|Because "hairstyle" is more than just fashion. In addition to enhancing the personality to stand out. It also boosts the confidence of those who decide to cut their hair. Therefore, there are many people who are willing to spend hundreds to thousands of dollars in exchange for craftsmanship to make their hair look good, but in this economic scab situation. Walking into expensive salons at department stores or famous brand stores can throw money in your pocket. In the style of "Salon Street" at the flea market, you pay only 100 baht to get a contemporary hairstyle. Build confidence in this personality to invade the Klong Thom market. Beside Bangkok Bus Terminal Boromratchachonnani Rd. and Phutthamonthon Sai 1 Rd., also known as Southern Bus Terminal (New) because there are 7 Salon Street shops, each confirming a single service fee of 100 baht! The number of customers crammed around waiting in line for a haircut. Make it known that "Vinci" is one of the most popular street barbershops of Klong Thom Sai Tai Mai Market (New) by Thawatchai Sae Chua or Pee Win. The barber and owner of the shop told me that the barbershop in the middle of the flea market actually used only a steel-framed tent. Stretch the canvas on top and divide the stall with a steel grid before using a modern hair-shaped vinyl print on top of it to create color. And a few essential barber accessories such as scissors, hair dryers, mirrors, combs, covers, hair gel, brushes, and talcum powder, Vinci Salon Street will look similar. "Salon Street, or this kind of windy barbershop, has been around since the Bangkok flood in 2011 when a philanthropist near Klong Lamp set up a tent to cut hair for victims for free. Later, it was seen that it was convenient and made good money. Many barbers from famous salons are willing to pay tens of thousands of baht. Pay an average of 100-200 baht per person per day to set up a shop to earn extra income after leaving a full-time job." Pee Win tells us that the source of the popular part of the market is purely because of craftsmanship. The owner of Vinci said, "There are dozens of people who come to use the service more than in the mall one day, because we focus on good craftsmanship but low prices. It takes about 15-20 minutes per head to get a chic hairstyle back home. Some people, if the hairstyle is very pleasing, they tip more, but if you go to a cheap department store, it is 200-300 baht or more." A skilled hairdresser explained to Pee Win. The owner of Salon Street Vinci while the voices of customers who use Vinci Street Salon Tiny-Thanyalak Manichote Finance and Accounting Officer, Department of Legal Enforcement Clearly reflected, "Come for a walk and see that the craftsmanship is good, I noticed 2-3 times before deciding to cut. Finally, when it was cut out, it was not disappointing because the tailor had matched it to the face. Fine cutting also helps transform the personality from a shabby look into a younger sour look, making it more confident. More importantly, it does not contradict the government uniform that I am wearing, I am confused as to how it can be charged for 100 baht." Tiny-Thanyalak became a younger sour girl thanks to Pee Win's haircut. The craftsmanship is second to none and the price is inexpensive and tempting to change the look, but cleanliness is something that customers pay attention to. Salon Street, priced at 100 baht, says that the cleanliness that the shop provides to customers is just as important as the trendy hairstyles, both undercut and vintage that are up-and-coming. "This kind of shop has a risk, where if the service is not good or not impressed, customers will talk by word of mouth, the store will be damaged. There are also many competitors. The shop is especially careful at this point and takes care of the cleanliness of scissors. Every replacement razor and other equipment is good." The tea technician said while diligently cutting a customer's hair in the atmosphere of a matte skull dissection. kasichan niamtang A physical therapist at a private hospital told Thai PBS Online that he had been cutting his hair at a skull surgery shop for a while. I used to walk into the barbershop on the mall once a month. But if the salon is not clean, do not dare to cut because most haircuts for men will have a razor to collect the hairline, so they are afraid of various infections through the bloodstream. Kasichan further clarified Changcha-Kasicharn. Confirming that the "cheap" and "good" are the two voices that affirm that "cheap" and "good" still exist, and wait for hips to get their most skilled hairdressers at Salon Street. For only 100 baht, your look may change to be brighter and brighter than before. Sirinapa Imsiri Thai BPS Online Reporter report
South Korean research center hires beloved pet cloning to resurrect All you have to do is pay 3.5 million baht. |The grief of losing a beloved pet can become a thing of the past. When a research institute in South Korea introduced the technology of cloning a deceased dog, it was born as a new dog. Laura Jackie and Richard Rem are the first British dog owners to pay more than 100,000 U.S. dollars (3.5 million baht) to bring Dylan, a boxer dog they raised since they were little, back to life. The cloning process was inspired by the British reality show, where dog owners compete for free cloning their pets. The girl who won the show. Fulfilling Winnie's wishes. The recently deceased dachshund is back on the run. The shape and character of the new Winnie is almost no different from the previous one that died today, all thanks to the success of the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation, a research center in South Korea known for cloning pets. 10 years after its establishment, the center has clone more than 800 dogs. But interest also comes from dog lovers around the world. Whether it's those who want to bring their pets back to life, or agencies that want to bring dogs with special abilities, such as sniffing or rescue skills, to heal the species through cloning, such as cloning Trakr, a police dog famous for saving victims from the wreckage of the World Trade Center. Although the institute has cloned a variety of animals, the institute's request for permission to clon humans has always been rejected. Sooam Biotech's latest project is cloning primitive mammoths, where research teams try to extract cells from mammoth remains discovered in Siberia in 2012.Sooam Biotech has partnered with Boyalife, a Chinese biotechnology company, to set up the world's largest animal cloning plant in Tianjin. It leads to the treatment of human diseases such as Alzheimer's, diabetes, and even cancer. Sooam Biotech's head of research admitted that cloning dogs is still an important task for the center, because for him, it was a pleasure for dog owners to see a cloned dog for the first time. In addition to cloning dogs, Sooam Biotech has been contacted to clone a wide variety of pets, from cats and snakes to chinchilla rats, but they are small compared to dogs due to their high cost.  
How to view news pages and websites, which ones are real or fake? |In the age of multi-channel information Internet users must help screen Question, mistake. Because if you're not careful, In addition to these fake news pages. It is also a threat to the individual, both the victim and the sharer loses credibility, fake information from fake pages causing damage to society. Some information affects daily life, such as fake health news. Or a businessman who has been scammed by more than 20 pages by impersonators claiming to be rewarded. In particular, some newspapers that come online often have presentations that raise questions from society. This makes fake pages use similar headlines or images, making it easy for people to be fooled. Therefore, the media must have standards for presenting information. Preventing the destruction of the credibility of professional media organizations, nowadays it is found that most people choose to consume information mainly through the online world. How to spot a fake page is difficult to spot because it mimics the URL of the real page that people don't even see. Dr. Mana Trirayapiwat Dean of the Faculty of Communication Arts, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce suggests 3 easy ways to check news pages and websites: Fake page creators with little computer knowledge will be easy to investigate. But if the offender uses a redundant system, use a server abroad. It requires a more investigative process. Assoc. Prof. Jed Tonavanik According to legal scholars, creators of fake pages will face criminal prosecution for defamation, defamation or personal harm, and civil prosecution if the information is false. For the offense of those who press share. Likes, legally, may be complimented by unforeseen knowledge. There may not be a direct fault yet, but the built-in credibility of the people who share fake news will decrease. Especially those who are media, even more reiterate the image of credibility, but the important thing is to educate the public on how to consume media. 
Know to avoid reducing eye risk from blue light|Blue light is considered part of sunlight or rainbow in nature, only unlike blue light from screen goodies as man-made light. In the age of society, many people fear that focusing on the screen all the time will expose their eyes to the danger of blue light. Every time the computer screen is activated, it emits blue light intervals, which have high energy and can be seen. The cause of macular degeneration is not only blue light. Currently, there is no medical evidence that blue light damages the human retina, only animal experiments. But many people who live their lives tied to a computer screen can't help but worry. Therefore, you need to find glasses that block blue light as an aid, but these glasses do not meet the needs to protect eye health as much as they should. The main feature that eyeglasses shops advertise via the Internet is "Blue Block Coat", which in fact only blocks blue light. The lens body is identified as hard-coated acrylic. Don't forget that acrylic is also a type of plastic. When used as a lens, it may get irregular curves, making the wearer dizzy easily, while the lens features light yellow. Which claims to be comfortable when staring at the computer. But yellow can be a color caused by deterioration of acrylic or fashionable coloring. This does not reduce the amount of blue light entering the eyes. On the other hand, it makes the eyesight work harder. Yellow lenses are deceptive and make a big difference when users stare at blue light in the dark. Because of its properties that seem to help but do not block blue light, it means that people with normal eyesight do not need these glasses, all confirmed by academics and optometrists and eyeglasses assembly. danai a s Dean of the Faculty of Optometry, Ramkhamhaeng University, said that even if you get eyeglasses that you use with computers, they are not 100 percent useful, maybe 10-20 percent, because they do not solve the root cause, so they are less useful than they should be when the computer screen does not have harmful radiation and there is no clear data that blue light damages the retina. Many people may still wonder why when they stare at a computer for a long time, they feel eye strain, headaches, or dry eyes. Experts say this is the result of heavy eye use called "computer vision syndrome," which is a direct result of staring at a computer for a long time, not blue light.
70th Anniversary Swimsuit Show Off Body "Bikini" with a Source You Never Knew!|Girls in the social media world To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the birth of bikinis, women's two-piece swimsuits give women more opportunities to show off their bodies than in the past, today (July 7, 2016), reporters reported that celebrity actress Halle Berry, a former Bond Girl, showed off her body in a black bikini. Kate Hudson, wearing a bikini with the U.S. flag and a variety of colors from the swimwear of Japanese models and cosplayers, is the spirit of women around the world to celebrate the day of making two swimsuits known as "bikinis", which falls on July 5 every year. So he designed a swimsuit that exposed the body in the middle of the body. It is named after the Bikini Atoll atoll. At the site of the first nuclear bomb test, the first bikini model was Michelin Bernardini. The strippers were specially hired by Louis Reaud because no model was brave enough to model in such an revealing outfit. Despite more than 50,000 letters of appreciation, the dress that first exposed a woman's navel was widely opposed. The Vatican denounces wearing bikinis as a sin, banned in Italy, Spain and Portugal.Bikinis are also regulated attire in Australia and several American states, including protests against crowning beauty queens in bikinis. The first Miss World pageant in 1958 led to a ban on Miss World stage winners from wearing bikinis, and since then, bikinis have become popular in the 1960s when the trend of sexual revolution in society was widespread. The film industry has the biggest impact on the popularity of bikinis. Marilyn Monroe and Brejit Bardo all turned to sexy bikinis and body shows off at the seashore in Ursula's white bikini. Andres in the 007 movie Dr. No. is regarded as the most famous bikini of all time. Not unlike Princess Leia's bikini, which has become a memorable sight for Star Wars fans until today. Raquel Welch, the heroine of One Billion Years B.C., is regarded as the most beautiful bikini-wearing woman in the world today. Global Industry Analysts reveals that in 2012 alone, bikini sales in the United States amounted to nearly 300 billion baht. It is expected to surpass the 600 billion baht mark. In the next two years, bikinis have also been allowed to compete in many sports, including beach volleyball. The iKini, the world's first bikini that can be solar charged, allows wearers to listen to music on their mobile devices. The most expensive bikini is a design by Susan Rosen, which contains more than 150 carat diamonds and is valued at more than 1,000 million baht. Women of that era wore two pieces of clothing during sports, so wearing bikinis may have been a staple of humanity for more than 1,000 years.  
"Wedding Run" of "Tanongsak Supakarn" is married again, wishing for both love and health.|When you always hold on to the first step, there is always the next step, and exercise is one of the best ways to take care of your health. Veteran actor Tanongsak Supakarn invites running lovers to join the steps together on the day of the beginning of their marriage. HELD AS A WEDDING RUN THAT BOTH LOVES EACH OTHER AND LOVES HEALTH TODAY (JULY 10, 2559), REPORTERS REPORTED THAT PROPOSING TO EACH OTHER AT THE RUNNING EVENT, THE ACTUAL TIME ON THE WEDDING DAY OF THANONGSAK SUPAKARN AND HIS BRIDE OUTSIDE THE INDUSTRY, TIK-CHOLATICHA JOINED HANDS TO RUN EARLY IN THE MORNING ALONG WITH NEARLY 2,000 OTHER RUNNERS WHO ATTENDED THE WEDDING RUN. This is usually a place to walk, relax, exercise. It has a more pleasant atmosphere. When the parade is a betel nut parade to friends in both the entertainment industry and the running industry that he is familiar with. They all came to witness it, once again announcing that the senior actors put their health as their number one priority. Even on the big day of starting a new marriage, the life lesson of the father-of-three actor more than a decade ago was electrocuted by high voltage and lost his first wife due to illness. A reminder to change your life to be health-conscious. Using running as one of the main exercises, I turned myself into a campaign worker for the past several years. One of the dowries for Jai is therefore included exercise equipment. Hoping to inspire people's ideas, the money from this event will be used for charity and Tanongsak Supakarn's post-wedding plan continues to work on health campaigns. Both exercise and creative activities such as reducing the number of smokers. He is also one of the top runners in the industry. Create new runners, pass on the meaning of life.  
Zumba! Dance, fun, healthy.|When celebrities gather to dance, Zumba and show off their perfect bodies online. The dance trend that focuses on fun and creativity is becoming a hot fitness trend right now. Savitri Sutthichanon (Bow AF) is an outstanding student that the young teacher Yodchai. Raise the steps as a role model for fellow members. They are also in the incubation phase to prepare to become a new trainer. After a full year of dance lessons, the trainer is no different from an entertainer. When Zumba dance is not difficult to do, fun is at heart. The buzz of Zumba has led many fitness centers to add Zumba dance classes. To support more health-conscious customers. There's a puppet from Zumba that is talked about all over the place. Tien Pho Suwan Magee Rasri Kik Suvajni On Sripan Mam Cattleya Beyond Fun Zumba With a chodiour that burns up to 1000 calories per hour, unconventional dancing also makes many people feel free to fit into the modern lifestyle that takes away the stress and changes their lives to exercise. 
The last two months before closing the legend of the music district of Nakhon Kasem.|August will be the last month for all shops in Nakhon Kasem to move out to find a new place to trade. Closing the legend of Bangkok's old music district

Singer-musicians who have ties to the cove are spending this time to bid farewell to the past because of their attachment to the cove Nakhon Kasem. Since I was a student and lead singer in a music club. Chulalongkorn University's CU BAND has lived as a professional singer for 11 years through both indie labels and giants like Grammy and RS, but "Mint" Sawanya Kaewmeechai can't believe that there will be a day when this old music district will really close. Unfortunately, both the buildings and the old sites had to disappear in another place. If it is a large shopping mall or complex, it may be good for some people, but my personal feeling is that Bangkok, which is an old city of over 200 years, should have many places stored to see the old. Its magic." Singer Girl Many shops have moved away, and the rest are legendary music department stores, Yong Seng and Theera Music, as well as some vendors. Decided to do the campaign "Close the Legend of the Inlet", reducing the price of products by 30-70% because many musical instruments if transported may be damaged. It was also the last chance to meet long-time customers and let the younger generation soak up the atmosphere of the cove for the last time. Before the area was left with only legends. More than 2 years ago, news of the arrival of the BTS line used to make the whole community happy to travel easily and help with better trade. If it brings in a large group of capitalists to take ownership, hoping to develop a commercial area by negotiating to move the tenants of shophouses out of the area, the plan released in 2014 states that it will be made into an indoor walking street that retains the cove of Nakhon Kasem by retaining part of the shophouse as a symbol, and the last tenant of the cove must leave by October at the latest. Changes to the old neighborhood may make the area more comfortable, but the way of life will never be the same again. "Everything has to be traded off. Economic development that creates value, organization Of course, it is inevitable that there will be an impact on existing communities, but in what form it will take depends on how much we value it." The owner of Theera Music Co., Ltd. talks about the changes that the music district has to close, not just Nakhon Kasem. If many areas of inner Bangkok are changing in the name of orderliness and economic value. This is both the truth and the cycle of urban development that occurs all over the world. But the question for those who live in connection with the old neighborhood is how the area has been developed to be orderly and comfortable, but devoid of the life of the people who pioneered the neighborhood, what charm will be left to remember?   
Eat "canned fish" How to be healthier|Many people try to avoid eating canned food because they are worried about getting little nutritious or impurities, but nutritionists recommend that if you know how to eat correctly, it can help reduce health risks from canned food. This makes canned fish a regular food of many people. Anointing Day A professional motorcycle taxi driver in Laksi district is one of those who regularly leave their stomachs with canned fish. The canned fish dishes stir-fried with chili and canned fish tom yum are examples of dishes he cooked to eat with colleagues during his lunch break. Often, the home side dish also has canned fish as the main dish, canned fish sold on the market. Commonly brought sea fish such as tuna, o, sardines and mackerel to be packaged in tomato sauce, oil and brine for consumers to choose according to their preferences. These marine fish contain easily digestible proteins and fatty acids called omega-3 and linoleic acid, helping to reduce fat clots in the blood vessels, nourishing the brain, and helping to prevent irregular heartbeat. It goes through several processes, including the risk of harmful substances that occur naturally. This substance is a "histamine" formed by bacteria digesting amino acids in fish during transportation and storage of marine fish. It is commonly found in tuna, o-strip, sardines and mackerel, which are the main raw materials of canned fish. According to the Department of Health's Nutrition Bureau, eating fish meat with histamine content above 200 milligrams per kilogram is more than 200 milligrams per kilogram. It can affect health. "People who should be aware are people who are allergic to sea symptoms, the elderly, and children who do not need to eat canned fish, as well as people with certain seafood allergies. As for allergies, it depends a lot on consumption. Rash, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach discharge" Department of Health, Ministry of Public Health Confirming that Thailand has not reported fatal cases of histamine allergy in canned fish, it is suggested that canned fish should only be an alternative to food. For example, a can of 85 grams of canned fish contains up to 300 milligrams of sodium, or one-seventh of the body's daily requirement. If you eat too much, this is also a risk factor for kidney disease and many chronic diseases.
Manage the dowry to bear fruit. Listen up!  |Marriage symbolizes the beginning of a family, and almost every couple wants to make the wedding look good, but it comes at a considerable cost. Savings Specialist There are suggestions about saving wedding costs and extending the dowry to produce pajaree fruit. Pan Khao, savings specialist Advice on how to save money on a wedding The emphasis is on managing everything by yourself, such as betel nut bowls. Flowers, souvenirs and invitation cards, as well as venues, suggest choosing a club in the barracks, which will save more while managing the dowry. The newlyweds should divide the money into several piles and use it to buy savings lottery tickets or invest in various funds to make the money bloom. Benefits and interest received from investing money
See the spectacular natural phenomenon "Waterfall in the Yellow River" in China |Chinese tourists flock to see the beauty of the waterfall in the middle of the Yellow River, which is caused by the natural phenomenon at Yan'an. Another group of adventurous people took to the 3rd glass sky walkway in Tianmenshan National Park in Zhangjiajie City today (Aug 4, 2016). In Tianmenshan National Park, Zhangjiajie City, Yunnan Province. The park has opened a new clear glass skywalk. Coiling Dragon Cliff is 160 centimeters wide and 100 meters long out of a total distance of 1,600 meters, while the rest is made of wood, which is considered the third skywalk on Tianmen Mountain. The first skywalk opened last month. The second skywalk opened in May 2016, becoming a popular tourist attraction in both places, the International News Agency reported. Another part of the tourist travels to Yan'an. Shaanxi to witness natural phenomena The waterfall formed in the middle of the Yellow River or Huang Ho River, with the current flowing through the plateau, rich in yellow soil. As a result, the river turns yellow and falls off the cliff into Hukou Falls, some of which are more than 300 meters wide, while the narrowest part is only 50 meters wide.
That's it! The first one hunts all 151 "Pokémon".|The most anticipated game is Pokemon Go, which features the search for Pokémon from the real world. While Thailand is not yet available, the American boy caught every one in the world yesterday after becoming famous several weeks ago for catching all the Pokémon. Nick Jonson, 28, who designed and developed the app in New York, set out to travel around the world hunting the remaining nine Pokémon in different regions by supporting accommodation and travel expenses from Marriott Reward and Expedia. On Aug. 4, 2016, Nick Jonson announced on social media that all Pokémon had been caught, with the last three being Mr. Mine, Farfetch'd and Kangaskhan, caught in France, Hong Kong, and Australia after catching all the Pokémon. Jonson's next goal is to play Pokémon GO games with Justin. Bieber, who was spotted trying to catch Pokémon in New York last month, to which Jonson lamented regrettably, "I missed Bieber at Central Park. I played the game like a kid, and I caught all the Pokémon in the original version. Catching Pokémon in the real world is so much fun"Read related news:End of wait! Thai people have played "Pokémon GO" and found the "Phra Phum Shrine"10 Things to know for parents before deciding to let their children play "Pokémon GO"
The wait is over! Thai people have played "Pokémon GO" and found the "Phra Phum Shrine" surface.|After more than a month of waiting, Thais are finally playing Pokémon GO. It was officially launched in 15 countries in Asia and Oceania today (August 6, 2016). Developed by Neantic and distributed by Nintendo, Pokémon GO has been launched in 15 countries in Asia and Oceania, including Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, Taiwan, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Solomon Islands, Myconicia, Palau, and Thailand. Pokémon GO is a mobile game for iOS and Android. It was first released on July 6, 2016. Bring it to practice. Exchange and fight each other. The highlight is the search for Pokémon from the real world. The game is free, but there is an in-game trading support system, where each Pokémon live in a different location. Pokémon is a Japanese media franchise. Created in 1996, it was originally released as a role-playing video game. Before becoming known to Thai children from the animated cartoon of the same name shown on TV. It is the second most successful and profitable media franchise after the Mario franchise. When Pokémon GO games reach Thailand Therefore, Pokémon appear in places that are a bit strange, such as the Phra Phum Shrine. Cremation crematoriums, temples, cemeteries, or the middle of the road, and why PokéStops or Stops for collecting items in Pokémon GO consist of a large number of shrines. This is due to the fact that Pokémon GO has adopted the database of Ingress, a similar augmented reality game developed by Neantic. In Ingress, players can offer a place as a fortress or portal according to the rules of the game: it must be a man-made place, a place with a useful story, a place with unique artworks or buildings, or a place with diamonds in the land that people want to experience. Therefore, the Phra Phum shrine in Thailand should be seen as a unique art or building. However, based on the rules of the Ingress game, the game developers have already issued a warning that places that should not be presented to be turned into forts are places that may bring danger to the player who enters, such as areas that cannot be safely accessed on foot, to natural places such as rivers. Many countries are now reminding players to be mindful of their own and others' safety. Do not play while crossing the road. While driving into someone else's house or a desolate place, where people use this popular game in both good and bad ways. In Switzerland, for example, scammers lure their victims with Pokémon GO games to their locations. Meanwhile, a Syrian artist has put up a picture of a Pokémon in the image of the war damage in Syria to tell the world to pay attention to the issue. Read related news: It's over! The first one hunts all 151 "Pokémon".10 Things to know for parents before deciding to let their children play "Pokémon GO" 
10 Things You Should Know For Parents Before Deciding To Let Their Kids Play "Pokémon GO"|Media scholars warn parents to be aware before letting their children play Pokémon GO games The latter is available in Thailand today. (August 6, 2016) Tham Sathaponsiri, a media scholar, posted a message on his personal Facebook about 10 years ago. Things to know for parents before deciding to let their children play Pokemon Go after the release of the globally popular game in Thailand today "I have concerns for Pokemon GO. For parents. As follows:1. In this game, players should be over 13 years old. Parents should understand the conditions of the game (the bad thing is that the developers do not write the conditions, localize them. Thailand Case Instructions in English with lengthy technical vocabulary It is believed that no parent can read or understand them all. I strongly blame the manufacturing and development companies for their lack of awareness of this)2. This game Children will be allowed to play with the consent and consent of their parents. If children play, they must have a Gmail account (or Facebook account in some countries). Therefore, play requires the consent of the parents. As for adults, use their own personal judgment and be careful to play games until they lose money, lose their jobs, and lose relationships with those around them.3. In this game, the company will collect the user's personal information as a data history for further research and development of the game. (Your name, last name, location, credit card and friends will be used to analyze your behavior and make marketing decisions.) This game Players must reveal their location area to the developer, and other players will know who is in the neighborhood. Therefore, it may not be appropriate for online thieves to know where you are, where you go, or what you do. Reveal it to your in-game friends)5. This game Play together with friends Be careful when meeting unknown strangers outside your home, who may be criminals or child abduction syndicates (using items or solicitations to lure them together in order to help play games or trade items).6. This game Items and equipment are traded in the game, so players or parents should be careful when spending money and control financial discipline in the accounting machines of young people who play the game. Beware of the shock bill of paying for games7. This game Players may violate their personal space. Roads, markets, commercial districts, food stalls, which are crowded, should play games with respect for people in places where they do not play and respect rules, regulations and culture. Cultural sensitivities of the surrounding context8. This game Play day and night Catching Pokemon at night, at night, or in secluded places, in different places, neighborhoods, or unfamiliar areas. They may not be safe and fall victim to criminals. A gang of robbers who can trap robbers.9. This game Do not play while driving a vehicle, whether it is a car, parking on the side of the road. Do not park) or riding bicycles (some areas do not allow bicycles in the area) if playing in the Bangkok area. Pipe cap, ditch Dangerous canal dredging areas and adjacent construction areas may be injured.10. This game may make players more addicted to virtual reality from the screen, becoming more addicted to mobile games because they are fun. Should not play until you lose your studies, work and loss of relationships between your family and those around you, should be judgmental, conscious of yourself and game developers as well as private companies that benefit from this game. Before your child gets into an accident   Or be a victim of criminals lurking with games, or being enslaved to mobile phone technology, remember that children's best toys are their parents. Don't let technology take your place. With the excuse of loving your child or can't stand your child's urge with love and care. Doing family activities together is the best bond for making your child a human being. Don't make your mobile phone turn your child into a robot, don't let your mobile phone raise your child at all, it's better than the best game. Take your kids out and do activities outside!" Thai people have played "Pokémon GO" and found the "Phra Phum Shrine" all over! The first one hunts all 151 "Pokémon".
Talk to the top attractions in Kyoto on the day "Pokémon GO" advances.|Today (Aug. 6), the www.asahi.com website reported that Yasaka-jinja Shrine in Higashiyama City Kyoto, Japan, is very famous for the Gion Festival and is the center of the mind. has requested the game developers to remove "PokéStops," or where players will enter to receive free Pokéballs and Pokémon eggs. Get out of the shrine grounds. While there have been no issues so far, there have been concerns that playing mobile phones in holy places is inappropriate, and players have been blamed for playing in front of the main building of Kyoto Shrine. Therefore, it is not surprising to see so many players. Nijo Castle in Nagoya, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is equipped with signs in both Japanese and English. "Please refrain from playing Pokémon GO games and using your phone while walking." One of Nijo Castle officials said, but not all attractions are wary of the game. Kaigenji Temple in Fukushiyama City Back there is a phone charging point for the player. When this quiet temple is designated as an arena, players have visited every day since the release of Pokémon GO in Japan on July 22. Shibahara The 36-year-old chief priest heard from a friend that the game consumes a lot of battery. So he created a box with 4 chargers for iPhone and Android. It was installed in front of the Kannondo Tower and also offered players to use water and toilets for those who came to worship. The chief priest said. Nishihonkanji Temple in Shimogyo City, which has eight PokéStops and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, was the first temple to ban Pokémon GO on July 26. Meanwhile, some temple members are also concerned that the Pokémon GO game ban is too harsh. Thus, there is more generosity towards Pokémon GO game lovers.
Know Pokémon GO Fun in the frame Know the public boundaries |It's an AR hit that takes players out of the house, but chasing hundreds of monsters in real areas of Pokémon GO. Make this fun not just personal, but fun to the extent of others' rights. Globally, control measures are underway, including Thailand, where the NBTC moves to keep people aware of Games 2. The young man parked the car at the shrine of the Bhumi, not to pay homage to the lord, but to do the most popular activity of today's IT people, that is, use mobile phones to fill up items and catch them. Monsters in Pokemon Go often appear at Pokestop points, usually overseas. But in Thailand, most of them are almost all Phra Phum shrines, partly because of the database that gamers in Thailand send to game developers. It is not possible to find a public area that is a landmark. As a result, most of them send the coordinates of the Bhumi shrine according to people's houses or places as game points instead. At present, the game developer is still closed to the solution, not only is it an issue that shows the problem of urban planning without public space in Thailand. It is not safe for people to come to such places to play games and may disturb others. When reality and location-based games used virtual maps to chase hundreds of monsters across the city, less than a week before Thais started, it was so easy to guess the impact until a specific area issued a warning in front of the referendum tent. Until recently, the NBTC called mobile phone camps to discuss oversight of Pokemon GO games if IT professionals perceived that the controls were not easy. Because the copyright owner is a foreigner, the Pokémon game was developed from the popular video game of Japanese company Nintendo. The word Pokemon stands for pocket. Monsters Let players capture monsters to collect and train to defeat other teams. It has been making waves since 1992 from the idea of creators who like to collect insects. Expanding on books, anime, and movies, it's no surprise that new games with AR technology and the right era of internet access to players broke the App Store's record for the highest downloads in the first week of release exclusively in the United States. Australia and New Zealand With the same character that Japan exports to bond with people around the world, Siam and Paragon are one of the 5 gathering spots for Pokemon hunters in Bangkok because of the large number of Pokestop poles. To attract customers to play games and shop. If IT professionals see that in the next development version, it will be open to offer landmarks to pin in the game. It is another temptation that users need to be aware of.
TYPE OF BANGKOK|Street signs may be something close to what we look through. Instead, they see that the street letters are full of stories, valuable both in art and in telling the history of the community, which is the origin of the TYPE OF BANGKOK page.
Instantly catches the eye with an old, unfamiliar language. The more you see the sweet typography as the name suggests. "Siamese girl" also invites foreigners to keep pictures. Before realizing that this was a women's magazine printing shop 40 years ago on Banthong Road. Signs in front of shops in alleys that have been visited or walked by countless times. Today, the focus of two graphic designers, Panlert Srisroi, and Nichthida Wongsatitporn, one of the founders of the TYPE OF BANGKOK - Bangkok Alphabet page. AN ONLINE SPACE THAT HAS BECOME A CATALOG OF TYPOGRAPHY WITH THE STREETS OF BANGKOK AS A BACKDROP. Most of them will see it as a compilation of images that are old signs or old letters. This is the charm that attracts the originators to collect old signs like this, because part of the letters are designed by hand rather than using technology." The beginning is interesting because it is unusual from our time. Nowadays, most people see letters from computers that are used today, but when you see these signs, they look charming. There are gimmicks that are not like letters today," said Nichthida Wongsatitporn, who spoke about his interest in capturing fonts in various places. It may not be a hit like this anymore. Like walking past the store where we went to take pictures. The owner's aunt said that these signs have been around since my mother's generation, which my parents chose. Tell us about the longevity of the font style." THE FOUNDER OF TYPE OF BANGKOK'S PAGE, WHICH HAS OVER 4,000 LIKES AND HAS ALSO GARNERED CELEBRITIES TO SHARE THE WORD, MAKING TYPE OF BANGKOK A SMALL COMMUNITY OF ONLINE DESIGN ENTHUSIASTS. "The people who took the photos sent were areas we didn't go to. Makes it clear that there is a sign like this. This kind of lettering, which is very interesting and makes us study as well." THE FOUNDER OF TYPE OF BANGKOK "I THINK THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE SIMILAR INTERESTS. Some of them are real friends, designers, or people who are interested in it. SEND PHOTOS TO SHARE ON THE PAGE," SAID NICHTHIDA WONGSATITPORN, WHO RUNS THE TYPE OF BANGKOK PAGE. If in our house where the typography industry has just begun, about 10 And there are only hundreds of specialized personnel, which is still small compared to the market demand. If more specialized courses are started at present. Documenting and disseminating the multi-style lettering of young designers. We hope to inspire creativity in the industry. TO USE THE ALPHABET TO COMMUNICATE WORDS THROUGH ART, FOLLOW THE LETTERS OF BANGKOK ON THE TYPE OF BANGKOK FACEBOOK PAGE.       
BTS Scape: Perspective Photos from the BTS Recounting the City|The route is the same, but the picture outside the window of the train is different every day. As a result, the award-winning photographer chose to use the perspective of the city's vehicles to convey social criticism in their own way, as well as the BTS Scape photo project. 

The window pane is a good photo frame, and the farther the train goes, the better it gets. The concept of award-winning photographer "Jesada Leelanuwatkul" who created experimental photography on urban vehicles with the concept of art created everywhere under the name of BTS Scape project almost 1 year after switching from using cars to commuting to electric trains. There is a regular route from Saphan Taksin station to Ratchathewi. See the difference between suburbs and business districts Almost every picture you take with your camera is blurry and shaky. The artist sees the cityscape as passing through the eyes quickly. "At first the idea was to escape the city, but only the city, so gradually the idea was opened, we just lived with it (the chaos of the city) to live and look more beautiful"BTS Scape Project The young photographer did not carry his camera and rushed to the sky train to the crowds, but was the last person to get the best location. Right in front of the door, slow shutter speed shooting technique It is another important part that creates a visual mood to run wild. Many of the photos are almost abstract with only colour and shape, such as the view of Lumpini Park against the backdrop of a high-rise building. It took a few seconds to record between Saladaeng and Ratchadamri stations, and the artist found that these were the only two stations overlooking the city's lungs. One of the works reflects society from the Skytrain perspective that life in big Bangkok city is hardly close to green spaces. The building is getting bigger and bigger. Most people think that Thailand does not have much green space. Actually, there is, but not very maintained, little patches between the buildings. The path I traveled was through Lum Park. The photographs wanted to reflect the green spaces that can be together with the building to look beautiful," Jesada said of the concept of art from the eyes of the value of the journey as the first batch of works after the 26-year-old photographer graduated with a master's degree in photography from England. BTS Scape exhibition will be on display until August 28, 2016 at People's Gallery. Bangkok Art & Culture Centre (BACC)        
Foreign tourists love "electric motorcycles" to ride around Bagan and see eco-pagodas. |Bagan's main income is cultural tourism because of the beauty of the 2,231 pagodas, attracting tourists and creating new eco-friendly businesses. Rent an "electric motorcycle" to see the pagoda Today (Aug. 28, 2016), journalists reported that more than 90 percent of tourists visit Myanmar to see the pagodas in Bagan or Bagan. The main income comes from tourism covering an area of 40 square kilometers, a civilization of the Pagan kingdom that used to have more than 4,000 pagodas. He said he has a total of 17 electric motorcycles when the tourist season generates at least 1.2 lakh kyats a day, or about 4,000 baht. Austrian tourist tourists According to him, touring the beauty of the pagoda with electric motorcycles is environmentally friendly and safe. Electric motorcycles were introduced in Bagan 3 years ago, each vehicle must be charged for one night or at least 7 hours to be able to ride up to 40 kilometers. This makes the electric motorcycle rental business a source of income for local people.  
Dubai builds "IMG World of Adventure park" The world's largest air-conditioned theme park|Despite the sweltering heat, it's not a problem for Dubai's theme parks, recently launching the world's largest indoor theme park. The budget was more than 34 billion baht.  To allow the public and tourists to enjoy a variety of rides amidst the cool air conditioning. Today (Sept. 1, 2016), from the Powerpuff Girls roller coaster to the Marvel Comic souvenir shop, the IMG World of Adventure park is all set up. A new theme park in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, is known as the world's largest indoor theme park. With a width of more than 150,000 square feet and a budget of more than U.S. $1 billion or 34 billion baht. Due to the mid-summer days in Dubai, the temperature can reach 41 degrees Celsius, making this indoor fun area an oasis for locals and tourists alike, with over 20 rides, a 5D cinema, a zone of internationally licensed comics brands such as Marvel and Cartoon Network, and 50 convenience stores and restaurants, which are expected to account for a quarter of the park's revenue. On its opening day on Aug. 31 (2016), around 3,000 visitors, including Muslim women in tight-fitting costumes and tourists from Britain and India, ride roller coasters in casual clothes. IMG World of Adventure park had planned to open two years ago. But economic problems forced it to be postponed several times. On the day of its opening, it was also blamed by tourists as some rides stopped working midway through Leonard. Otto, CEO of IMG World Theme Park, said both Disney and Universal theme parks had maintenance issues. IMG World of Adventure Park is the second large theme park to open in Dubai this year (2016) in line with Dubai's tourism stimulus plan, aiming to attract up to 20 million tourists. By 2020, which coincided with the year Dubai hosted the World Expo, Dubai now has 14 million tourists a year. Most of them are from Saudi Arabia and neighboring Arab countries. Tickets to this air-conditioned theme park cost US$80 or about 2,720 baht, which is nearly $100 cheaper than Disneyland, which currently has a minimum ticket fare of nearly US$100 or about 3,400 baht.  
The charm of "Ban Me", a Vietnamese style baguette when food tells the culture |François Hollande's visit to Vietnam France's influence on Vietnam is evident in "Ban Me", a Vietnamese sandwich inspired by France's popular bread today (Sept. 5, 2016). Serving a Vietnamese favorite dish known as "Ban Me", a bread stuffed with vegetables and meat, adapted from "baguette", a bread originating from France. Former colonial rulers of Vietnam, French bread began to be known to Vietnamese people since 1858 as a food for the Indochina Wars. Soon small baguettes were widely sold on the streets of Hanoi before being enhanced with fillings of vegetables, fish and meat, becoming the source of Banme today. Nguyen Wan Hwan Owner of a popular bakery in the French Quarter. Hanoi said he started making Vietnamese traditional banme noodles, but after learning how to make baguettes from a French chef in Shanghai, he adapted to make French-style banme by increasing the thickness of the dough according to the original style until it became popular. The French are very proud of Ban My because it is inspired by the bread of the perfume land, even though the colonial era ended more than 60 years ago. It is still a reminder of the culture left behind by the French in this Vietnamese territory even today. Banme is not seen as a foreign-influenced dish. Vietnamese people who have been trying various banme recipes for more than half a century admit that although banme originated from French cuisine, it has been adapted to make it taste different and familiar to Vietnamese people, becoming a national dish that Vietnamese people cannot live without in everyday life.
Risk behaviors for thinning hair - baldness "Squeeze shampoo down your head - scratch hard - sleep when your hair is wet"|Although hair loss is natural, if hair loss is severe, it can cause anxiety for many people. Sometimes you have to figure out how to solve the problem. But sometimes it's easier to stop hair loss. Avoid the wrong shampooing habit by squeezing shampoo directly on your head. Scratching hard while washing your hair or even letting your hair get wet while sleeping are all behaviors that hair professionals can enjoy. It is stated that it hurts the scalp and causes hair loss so much that it causes thinning hair and baldness. Yosvichai Hairdressers and hair specialists Explained from more than 20 years of experience and study in hair, this is in line with the medical principle that people care about cleanliness and wash their hair frequently may not always be good because it causes hair to fall out easily. According to hair experts, it is a misconception that you need to wash your hair every day because Thailand has a hot climate, most scalps are oily, so you have to wash your hair every day. Those who have hair loss problems need to wash their hair gently and not nail the problem of hair loss. Hair thinning occurs mostly in men because male hair roots are sensitive to male hormone called "androgens", making hair short-lived than usual. Emerging hair is smaller and thinner, including postmenopausal women. This problem is also related to the habit of leaving hair and scalp damp. If possible, it is not recommended to wash at night or if it is necessary to blow dry your hair, especially at the nape of the neck, it will be very problematic because when lying in an air-conditioned room, the air will be humid. If possible, it must be blown with heat. Men lose their hair easily because they don't dry their hair when washing. It causes moisture, fermentation, accumulation, causing mold. Dandruff and clogged pores So I fell out." According to hair experts, people usually have between 80,000 and 1.2 million hairs and are 2-6 years old because 10-15 percent of their hair will grow and fall out each day. However, if losing more than 50 hairs is a sign that we need to start self-observation or correct by washing our hair correctly, dermatologists recommend that washing your hair properly help prevent hair loss. First, do not squeeze shampoo directly onto your head. If using conditioner, it should be applied to the ends of the hair and after shampooing, wash thoroughly to avoid chemicals and sebum residues on the scalp. Also, do not scratch or rub the scalp too hard because it makes the scalp and hair roots easily disturbed. There are other factors to be observed as well as the strength of the shampoo. Heredity, or taking some type of medication that can cause a lot of hair loss. Those who suffer from excessive hair loss should see a doctor to determine the exact cause. Hair loss can be a warning sign of diseases or disorders within the body such as thyroid, liver disease, kidney disease, syphilis, as well as allergies themselves.
Found a popular Korean sheet face mask using maid labor to pack - not guaranteed cleanliness. |It has become something that Korean girls or even Thai girls have to think about the hygiene of the popular sheet mask from Kimchi Dan. After discovering that the production process of many brands of products does not use machines, but if it turns out to be skilled housewives who take back to pack bags to the accommodation on September 5, 2016, reporters reported that the sheet mask to moisturize the skin, which is popular with girls at the moment, is mostly made from South Korea, but the overwhelming popularity because it believes in the brand may not come with the standard hygiene of the product as it should be about this. Racked news agency reported that production of face masks made in South Korea is becoming popular. Not all are produced with machines that control cleanliness, but quite a few fold envelopes from labor that they take home to make. In early 2016, a beauty blogger found hair in an envelope, followed by news that insect remains were found in the sheet mask during the month. In 2015, an American user posted asking if the sheet mask had dark marks. Even if it is not expired, is it unusual? Although there are clear rules in South Korea governing the production process of cosmetics. that it cannot be manufactured in an unlicensed facility; But in practice, not so many small manufacturers of cosmetics. Use manual labor to fold the mask into the envelope. Before putting it in the serum injection machine, sterilize it. Then close the envelope and put it out for sale. In terms of factory hygiene, it is not clear whether the standard is because users have smelled cigarettes and found cigarette ash in the mask packets as well. When Racked reached out to several major cosmetic manufacturers for clarification, executives refused to provide a response to the face mask brand that insisted it used machinery in the entire manufacturing process. Instead, beauty bloggers stopped publishing images of unclean sheet masks, while some manufacturers admitted that some sheet masks have a complicated folding method beyond the machine's capabilities. Housewives in South Korea see the folding of envelope masks as a special work channel. There are even doubts about whether wages are too small.  
Universal partners with music researcher to give birth to a music album for cats Sounds like Finn-off-aggressive is on sale. This October |Even though cats are unpredictable pets, humans still find ways to pamper them. This story caught the eye of the world's biggest record labels. Seeing the market among cat lovers, music researchers are preparing to release a music album for cats for sale. Oct 2016Today (Sep 5, 2016) Slow melodies with no clear rhythm Interspersed with the moans of cats, this is a newly created musical sound specifically for cats, composed by David Teie, a music researcher at the University of Maryland. He insists that creating music for cats is no joke because most people know that music affects the brain, not just humans, but animals. It was also found that each type of animal has a different song that you like to listen to. As a cello player, he collaborated with the U.S. Orchestra and wrote songs specifically for cats, focusing on songs that delight cats rather than excite. Experiments have shown that this song is suitable for stray cats and calms cats that have been attacked before. Top Tamarind listened, which worked very well. And when he analyzed and noticed that there are so many animals that can easily play music to listen to are human pets, he proposed the concept of cat music through a crowdfunding website Kickstarter, which received an overwhelming amount of U.S. $250,000 or about 8.6 million baht. Universal Music, one of the world's largest record labels, sees a huge market for cat lovers worth trying. In the UK alone, there are already 9.2 million units, so they joined hands to push out the album and release it this month. Coming October (2016)Guess He said he used to be interested in making music for dogs, but with more diverse breeds than cats, it would take longer to create music to suit the specifics of each breed. So I tried it on cats first.  
Celebrity dog "short" joins CMU tradition Walk 14 km. up Doi Suthep |"Chao Tia", a famous celebrity dog from Chiang Mai University, joined the procession to receive the youngsters to walk up Doi Suthep for 14 kilometers, creating color for the traditional event. Today (September 12, 2016), reporters reported that over the weekend, Chiang Mai University held a creative recruitment event that has become a tradition until now. For seniors and juniors in the university to travel together. From the Dhamma pavilion in front of Chiang Mai University up to Doi Suthep Temple, a total distance of about 14 kilometers. When a dog named Tia marched with a group of students, reporters reported that Chiang Mai University's mountain recruitment activities will require students from each faculty to wear different faculty uniforms, or perhaps northern traditional costumes. Then they will form a line for students from each faculty to stand next to each other. The hierarchy of the faculty varies from year to year and then walk to Doi Suthep. On the way, stop to worship the monument of Kruba Srivichai at the foot of Doi Suthep, the focus of this activity. Is to run up the Spirit curve or Khun Kan curve, the last bend before reaching Doi Suthep, where all faculty, whether walking up, running up or riding up, will ask to run through such bends. Participated in the run from the beginning to Doi Suthep. On the way, the students kept giving water and blows to avoid heat stroke. The student who took care of the short guy stated that he had a tongue dangling quite a bit. The reporter further reported that, in addition, the short Sunash Celebrity of Chiang Mai University It also has its own Facebook page www.facebook.com/dogstorycs/ for those interested to follow the story of the cute little guy as well.  
The Editors Society, an online appearance of the former editor of fashion magazine|When writing is still life The former editor of a famous fashion magazine gathered to convey what he loved. After the closure of many magazines, it is believed that experience and craftsmanship will draw readers online. If you have to adjust the perspective quite a bit. Which social guy is the star? Stick to a lot of hashtags and get page space in the headline column. The strategy uses social celebrities to target the pages of The Editors Society, a freshman website formed by a gathering of former fashion magazine editors. One of them is Anon Puangruby, former editor-in-chief of the magazine. Volume is back in the industry after shutting down more than a decade of newsstands earlier this year. Build strengths to draw former columnists from publications with experience and credibility. Announce yourself to the field of online magazines Even the new platform is unfamiliar. When it comes to adapting, it's not beyond the ability of former people in the publishing industry to learn." As a result, there are regular fans as well as influencers, whether in the readers or in the group of customers, there will be a feeling that they like this person's writing because we have been writing for 20-30 years. Editor-in-chief of The Editors Society website Overwhelming and fast internet information As a result, people in the publishing industry can see the shortcomings of new media, which may not pass the audit, such as the editorial system like a book job. Make knowledge of various things accurate and reliable." Lalida Sanpinitsunthorn "When it comes to digitalization, you need to monitor yourself. Before bringing the story online, you have to read it and read it again." Income Channel Beauty Columnist In addition to selling ads in the usual way, when it comes down to the online magazine market. One form used is to collaborate with product brands so readers can shop online immediately after reading a review. This is another adaptation of the publishing industry in the online market. To keep up with the changes, even do not expect to see the glory days of publication as in the past. If a group of experienced magazine makers believe that the picture book will not be cured, but will be in the form of a collection that provides psychological value. Meanwhile, workers still have to learn and adapt to the ever-changing media industry. 
The legend of the "Sri Lankan Glass Tooth", a Buddhist collective that the king must take care of more life. |Symbol of the Lord Buddha One of them is the relics, each of which often has a legend. Just like the "Sri Lankan Tooth Relic" that has an important story and is also the center of Buddhism in Sri Lanka has remained in the country for a long time until today (September 20, 2016) to preserve the Glass Tooth of Kalinga during the close battle of the city. Princess Memala and Prince Tantakumar, disguised as Brahmans, hoped to hide the glass tooth or tooth relic of the Buddha's fangs and fled to Lanka Island 1,700 years ago. Still in the land of Sri Lankan Buddhism every day in the Temple of the Tooth Relic in Kandy, almost no people flock to worship or worship with the fanfare of Vendaruve folk music. Ubali Sri Lankan Deputy Patriarch Mahanai Kathera said Sri Lankan Buddhists likened the worship of the Tooth Tooth to the worship of the Buddha and often performed miracles, for example, if the Tooth Tooth was paraded through the city, there would be rain showers. If anyone possesses the Tooth Relic, it is considered to be the authority like the king or the highest importance that comes from that belief. According to the Mahawong scriptures, the Buddha came to Sri Lanka 3 times. The first metropolitan area has many old religious traces. One of them is the Sri Maha Bodhi tree, which is believed to be Sanghamittatheri, the daughter of King Asoka the Great, who led the shoots from the right branch of the Sri Maha Bodhi tree from Bodh Gaya to plant almost 2,300 years ago. Buddha's Assumption Phra Sumana Namantenier Sri Lankan Buddhist monks say that the beginning of Buddhism among Sri Lankans. Because it was the year that King Asoka the Great spread Buddhism came here, there is also a belief that Buddha visited Sri Lanka 3 times to defeat giants, which is understood to be the indigenous people of Theerawat Wongworathat. A representative of the Foundation for the Promotion of Thai-Sri Lankan Buddhism and Culture said that Sri Lanka's Tooth Relic is a provable relic of the Buddha, and Sri Lanka has declared Buddhism the state religion. The person who will take the positions of government must be Buddhist only. Although he has the right to count from Buddhism to the land of Sri Lanka. Asoke the Great times Send 1 of the 9 Thera monks to the Sinhalese island or Sri Lanka. As a result, indigenous peoples have religion as anchors, as well as receive civilization, art, and architecture even in the face of war unrest. Later it was ruled by colonial rulers. If more than 75 percent of Sri Lankans still adhere to Buddhism today, Sri Lanka is a Buddhist city with strong faith. 
Chiang Mai Zoo celebrates Lin Hui's 15th birthday - no signs yet found ready to breed again |Chiang Mai Zoo held a birthday greeting activity and gave a special gift to Linhui panda. He turns 15 today (Sept. 28). No signs of Lin Hui have yet been found, ready to mate again, but in perfect health. Today (Sept. 28, 2016), reporters reported that Chiang Mai Zoo staff and a group of panda fans sang happy birthday songs and gave Lin Hui a sweet ice cake with his favorite fruit on the occasion of his 15th birthday. To celebrate Lin Hui's birthday, Mr. Wuttichai Muangman Assistant Director of Chiang Mai Zoo said the health of the two pandas is healthy, but there are no signs of breeding from Lin Hui. Even the staff of the panda research and exhibition project in Thailand continuously measured Lin Hui's hormone levels. Correspondents reported that Chuang and Lin Hui are pandas, goodwill ambassadors between Thailand and China. Came to Thailand in 2003 and gave birth to 1 child, Lin Ping, who was sent back to China.
Not cute at all! Statistics reveal for passengers behaving unlovably on flights around the world 58 years alone, 10,854 cases |Incidents of passengers behaving inappropriately on the flight, including verbal harassment and refusal of conduct or notification by the cabin crew. On Sept. 29, 2016, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) revealed that the number of incidents of passengers behaving inappropriately on flights, including verbal harassment and refusal of conduct or notification by cabin crew, has increased dramatically. This is an increase of more than 17 percent in 2015 alone. There were 10,854 inappropriate incidents, up from 9,316 in 2014, meaning that for every 1,205 flights, on average, one bad behavior occurred, with one-quarter of them being caused by alcohol and drug use. Meanwhile, 11 per cent of inappropriate behaviour is physical threat and damage to aircraft, IATA statement said. Tom Colihan, assistant director of the association, said the frustration during the flight also included long queues of security checks. Sometimes it can be the result of changing social conditions that antisocial behavior It can be seen more often or even more accepted." He added that there were 265 airlines in the report. Of these, 40 per cent had to fly back to the airport. In the wake of the recent acts of disturbance on board in the past 12 months, airline operator members have called on their governments to do so. The Maltrial Agreement 2014 applies, which permits airlines to Compensation can be demanded from passengers who cause disturbance. However, passengers who cause these problems will only be prosecuted in the country where the airline is registered. Earlier this month British Airways has to fly back. Originally to fly to Florida. The U.S. had to land in Boston to retrieve passengers accused of interfering with crew or in 2015. In the U.S., an emergency landing was made due to two passengers getting into an altercation because of the problem of reclining too many chairs. In China, in the first five months of 2015, there were 12 incidents of disturbance on board, including one where passengers tried to open an emergency door. While the plane is running on the runway. It is estimated that the damage caused by long-haul flights having to be diverted for emergency landing amounted to about 200,000 U.S. dollars or about 6.9 million baht. 
"Elderly Journal" Passing on life experiences to future generations |Life after retirement made former Thai teacher "Nongyao Chuwong" Use note-taking as a medium to reach children and those around them, and also share them to the Thai People's Notebook Project. Passing on life experiences to future generations "How much will it cost? When you are born, life goes on. Whatever problems there are, they have to be worked on. The cost of life commentary in the journal "Travel" is a reminder for this day of Nongyao Chuwong. A 79-year-old former Thai language teacher who has not given up his love of knowledge transfer. If on a day when there are no pupils around, Therefore, a page is like a tool to communicate ideas after retirement. From stories of people close to you, to fiction similar to fiction from the dream of a mother who wants to see her son as a lid." There are relatives to talk to, because when a story is written about a person, we talk to that person, which is impossible at our age." In addition to everyday stories. Aunt Nong Yao Record the lifestyle of the mother's generation as well, such as herbal medicine formulas. food In addition to taking notes, I also use them in everyday life"...I collect leaves that depend on the seaside and dry them in the sun until they are completely dry, grinding them together with glutinous rice that I have soaked in water for one night..." The recipe for the best dessert in Songkhla province that young teacher Nong recorded as delicious to fly. One of the featured stories shared through the "Thai Journal" project. Give the elderly the opportunity to write down their thoughts and life experiences to future generations. "Sometimes mothers have feelings of nostalgia for their fathers or that they have seen their children do something wrong. Moms often put in articles that moms write. I'm a boy who talks little things, but sometimes we read stories my mom wrote. What you warn of will be in it," Bulwish said. Son of a young aunt Reveal the story in the mother's diary. My love of reading and writing has been with me for most of my life as a teacher. If as a mother This is also the basis that young teachers instilled in their 4 sons that books are both friends and teachers. Giving knowledge and guidelines on how to live, Bulwish recalled, "In the past, science books were translated into cartoons in sets. We knew that my mother's salary wasn't huge, but that set she bought money. For us, it was 11 books that made us step into the world of reading." The way to keep them out of their sight, is to hand out paper and pencils. Different sheets of paper Stir pencils, lower the sticks, and sit down the steps. I looked at the cooking. Anyone who wants to play it can finish it. Set your own story, write your own crafts, including tatting, crocheting, and sewing. Used to be a high school subject. The rigor of the teachers in the past is a plus that makes them still have skills today. They can use it to make toys for their grandchildren or make clothes for themselves. Another leisure activity that creates happiness because it is believed that doing what you love and benefit others equals fulfilling the value of your own life. Posuwan Thai PBS reported.  
Social media users willingly change their profile picture to pink. Identify "Love in the King" |In addition to offering blessings and participating in prayers. Social media users changed their Facebook avatar to a pink picture with their name and a message of love for the King to show their loyalty today (Oct. 13, 2016). On the Facebook application, it is a pink background, which is the color of His Majesty the King's life and signifies the presence of a healthy majesty. The message is the name of the owner of Facebook, followed by love for the king. The word "love" is in the shape of a yellow heart, the reporter further reported that the change of profile picture in unison on Facebook has become a trend. A Facebook user named "Kulthida Kul" made about 200 photos publicly available by Facebook users who signed in the comment box and Facebook owner Kulthida Kul will decorate the photos. Celebrities such as Chompoo Arya A. Harket shared photos showing their loyalty to many Twitter users. Tweet your blessings and share prayers and pictures of your love for His Majesty the King. Pink as well. In addition, the hashtag Longleaf the King #longlivetheking became the number 1 hashtag with the most users writing this message. Ashtag #ทรงพระเจริญยิ่งยืนนาน ranked 4th.
Cantonese pop "Cantopop" returns to hits, music reflects ideas, freedom is deprived in Hong Kong |Despite being overshadowed by culture from mainland China and South Korea. But today, "Cantonese pop music" or "Cantopop" is back in popularity in Hong Kong. As a song that expresses the identity of Hong Kong people, who cherish local culture, as well as freedom of expression, today (Oct. 6, 2016), reporters reported that the content of Xia Anqi's famous song Egg and Lamb Hong Kong cantopop singer The song was inspired by Twelve Years A Slave, an Oscar film that depicts the fate of liberals who have been taken into slavery. The lyrics depict the plight of Hong Kongers, who endured the mainland government's policy of deprivation of freedom, which has been widely sung by pro-democracy groups. Cantopop music originally made Hong Kong's music scene famous throughout Asia from the 80s to the early 90s, both with its famous artists' love songs and hit movie soundtracks. Over the past 10 years, Hong Kong artists had to turn to Mandarin songwriting to survive, but today, cantopop music is popular with Hong Kong's younger generation. As a song representing Cantonese speakers in Hong Kong, the genre has changed. Raise Your Umbrellas, a song supporting the 2014 Umbrella Revolution, was voted Song of the Year by listeners in Hong Kong. Chased By A Breast, which depicts a young woman at a rally but was arrested for assaulting an officer with her breasts, and Hard To Board, which conveys the difficulty of using public trains with tourists from mainland China. Cool singer canceled concert in China by sponsor After a hostile stance against the government of the Dragon Kingdom, however, when she turned to organizing concerts herself through fundraising. It turns out that all four concert tickets were sold out by fans in Hong Kong within minutes. This shows that despite how the future of Hong Kong has changed, Hong Kong fans still have a bond with Cantopop as a song that reflects the feelings of Hong Kongers. On the days when they were best at liberty to write Cantopop music, the composer had to be very proficient in the language, as Cantonese had a tonal conjugation of at least 9 pitches. Fitting the lyrics to the melody requires quite a bit of skill.  
"Ban Don Pao Royal Weaving Factory" His compassion overflows to enhance the quality of life of Mae Wang people. |afterwards King Bhumibol Adulyadej The first "Royal Weaving Factory" was constructed in Don Pao. Over the past 40 years, villagers in the area have had a better life. From silk weaving sold during leisure time today (Oct. 18, 2016), reporters reported that Sala Ruamjai Ban Don Pao. Don Pao It is considered to be the first pavilion in Chiang Mai province, although it has been constructed for more than 40 years, but the locals still help to maintain it well because it is the place that His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej intended to build in 2519 with his personal property. When he visited the villagers with the purpose of building to give Don Pao villagers a place to read books and first aid because the hospital is far away, including the intention to build a weaving factory behind Sala Ruamjai later (in 1978) for villagers to use their free time from farming to weave silk. Earn extra money to support your family. Ta Ruan, a vocational weaving teacher for the Royal Initiative Project Ban Don Pao said that in the past, villagers were poor because they were farming alone and had no additional income, but after King Rama IX and Queen Rama IX built a royal weaving workshop, the villagers had additional income from weaving. Nowadays, the villagers' lives are much better. This pavilion has been renovated to commemorate the memory and loyalty of the villagers to the King. King Rama IX and Her Majesty Queen Sirikit Stories from the past to the present It is also exhibited as a historical exhibition to commemorate His Majesty the King. While the weaving mill continues to function. It is open to future generations to learn weaving and embroidery. Build your reputation Mae Wang, find out.  
Get to know "VR009", the colloquial name for radio communication, to help alleviate the disaster for the NHC.|In the past, when disasters hit, "radio communication" was the only system that worked, thanks to the long line of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej. During the Bangkok flood in 1985, His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej ordered the Wind Radio Network Control Center. Introduce the use of radio communication to the staff to use as a data link tool to help solve flood problems. Reflecting His Majesty's genius in radio communication, His Majesty used the colloquial name "VR009". The clip below is His voice that has been recorded. It is a communication between His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the staff of the Wind Center. On the duty to assist flood-affected people of officials and protect radio communication equipment from damage during the performance of dutiesVR009: Those two brothers are cute. Change the Wind: Which Two BrothersVR009: The couple who went out to solve the machine and the one who spoke at the wind breeze: Yes, there are two VR969 and VR938. That night, I went to fix it, but that's okay. The members said it was good that we went to help, but there was one question about why we didn't take Two. VR969 and VR938 are afraid that the water will splash because the diesel car does not turn off, he ran water splashes, so I could not hear my fellow members. That day, if you go out in a plastic bag. The way to put a plastic bag is if you are afraid of falling into the water, you have to wear two layers. Put it in and tie it with a stik and put it on another layer. Put it upside down and tie the stik skin, so the water doesn't get in. If the next flood and VR969 and VR938 go out again, they will follow suit, but the sound will not be heard very well. Well, the sound is reasonably good. Not only does it have a little rustle, but you can change anything from outside the plastic bag, you can turn the knob or do a lot of things. Unfortunately, the machine must be careful like that, the wind: Roger that. Treated. Next time, I will prepare a plastic bag with my mobile in case of emergency. Suddenly, thank you VR009 for your advice. (Note: In the transcription, some radio communication codes have been omitted to keep the content concise.)
"I will take the best care of your elephants." Commitment from Veterinarians, Thai Elephant Sanctuary |Veterinarian, Thai Elephant Conservation Center, National Kochaban Institute, Lampang Province, used to give care to His Majesty's elephants. King Bhumibol Adulyadej Transform the grief of His death into force. Take care of your elephant as best you can. Today (October 19, 2016) Mr. Veterinarian Sittidej Mahasawangkul Director of Elephant Hospital National Kachaban Institute under His Patronage Her Majesty Chaofa Kanlayaniwattana Royal Department of Narathiwat Rajanagarindra or Thai Elephant Conservation Center under the supervision of the Forest Industry Organization (OEC) Lampang said there was an opportunity to give the work to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej. In 2004 and 2006 in the care of Lord Savet Ulyadejpa. The majestic elephant at Klai Kangwon Palace, Hua Hin Prachuap Khiri Khan is the proudest part of my life. Mr. Vet Sittidej continued, "When His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej came to see the Buddha and had the opportunity to give an intimate report on his health and gave him bananas and sugarcane to feed to him, asking questions for 45 minutes, which is impressive to this day. "We will follow the teachings of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and take care of his elephants as best as possible. Currently, the Thai Elephant Conservation Center, the National Kochaban Institute, is responsible for taking care of 10 elephants in Lampang province, 6 elephants in Lampang province and 4 elephants in Sakon Nakhon province." specify 
Get to know every corner of the "King of Agricultural Developers" at the Agricultural Museum in Commemoration of His Majesty the King |Agricultural Museum in Commemoration of His Majesty the King It is open daily free of charge. We hope that Thai people will see the agricultural genius of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and continue his royal aspirations today (October 19, 2016). Under the Agricultural Museum in Commemoration of His Majesty the King Public Organization Klongluang District Pathumthani province held a screening for the public and youth to see His Majesty's agricultural genius, he was expecting the Agricultural Museum to honor His Majesty the King. It is a place to disseminate knowledge about the philosophy of Sufficiency Economy for people to apply and can also learn both wisdom and innovations, including an exhibition of His Majesty's 23 works that Dr. Kasem Wattanachai Ongkommontri summarized briefly and easily for interested people to read thoroughly. Coming December The museum is preparing to open a new learning center, the King-Agriculture Museum, which exhibits and sells organic products of those who study with the museum and successfully uses it in the Agricultural Museum in honor of His Majesty the King. Public Organization Klongluang District Pathumthani has been open for 15 years and from now until November 13, 2016, it will be open for free admission every day, including public holidays.  
The Ph.D. scholarship "Golden Jubilee" from His Majesty the King is a research project to help Thai people reduce the risk of drug allergies. |From the "Golden Jubilee" scholarship on the occasion of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej reigned for 50 years, and to this day, the first generation of scholarship recipients are still immeasurably grateful for His Majesty's benevolence. Further research on prevention of women's disease Wenjonson syndrome helps Thai people reduce the risk of drug allergy today (20 October 2016) Assoc. Prof. Cholapat Sukkasem Head of Pharmacogenomics Laboratory, Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital is the first batch of "Golden Jubilee Doctorate" scholarship recipients. In 1998, because of his exceptional ability in pharmaceutical science and excellent research. The Golden Jubilee Doctoral Program Scholarship is a public sector scholarship. Prepared in the range His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej celebrated his 50th year on the throne. Assoc. Prof. Pork has expanded the knowledge gained from the study. He worked through research to find ways to prevent the development of Wenjonson syndrome. This small examination room is a regular room of Assoc. Prof. Cholapat that works to prevent Thai people from being allergic to drugs until they become ill with diseases such as Steven Jonson syndrome. It is the research of undergraduate students who can cross the grade to study for a PhD until graduation. Reduce the occurrence of losses in patients quite a bit. His outstanding achievements have also earned worldwide recognition and recognition of Thailand as the first country in ASEAN. Piloting the method of genetic testing before receiving the proud drug, not only as a benevolent recipient of His Majesty's mercy until he became a scholarship student, but the extension of the knowledge acquired to treat patients. Reduce the loss of both people and money. In the treatment of diseases, it is what causes Assoc. Prof. Cholapat is deeply grateful for His Majesty's benevolence and is ready to use his father's teachings to be diligent and patient as a way to success in life. 
Former Veteran Planner Advice on how to arrange a wedding to suit the situation of mourning "King Rama 9" |Wedding website owner As a former wedding planner, Gather recommendations for proper arrangement of the wedding ceremony that cannot be postponed from the mourning period. His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej passed away. From the case of the National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO) Announcement via ad hoc television We seek cooperation from all sectors, including government organizations, the private sector, as well as the public. Consider suspending festive events for 30 days to mourn His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej passed away on October 13, 2016, today (October 20, 2016). The owner of the website and Facebook page Sabuywedding, a former premium wedding planner, has posted instructions on how to arrange a wedding ceremony that suits the situation for the bride and groom. In the event that the date of the event cannot be postponed from this period by such suggestions. Based on the request for cooperation of the police station and the guidelines of the 5-star hotel that used to hold events during the royal funeral and cremation ceremony. Her Majesty Chaofa Kanlayaniwattana The Royal Department of Narathiwat Rajanagarindra Including experiences from senior wedding planners who have held events during the country has an event, all of which on Facebook have compiled the following guidelines: 1. Should refrain from long drums and not booing betel nuts 2. Blocking the door is requested to be done as a ceremony. Avoid inappropriate games. 3. The part of the ceremonial photo shoot. Brides, relatives and attendees can smile, but don't post on social media during this time.1. Change to a banquet to show gratitude. 2. On-site photography of the groom. The bride, relatives and guests can still smile, but other gestures should be compliant (no likes or heart-shaped hand-shaped).3. Play music inside the event So that the atmosphere is not too quiet. 4. Music parts launch and cake cutting The host should consider as appropriate.5.The chairman can give greetings, but should refrain from drinking greetings and cheering.6.During the cake cutting, please refrain from lighting candles, keeping only the cake cutting.7.Do not throw bridal flowers. If you are dressed according to the theme, please bring a change of colour after work. The key is that the bride and groom Must call or notify via text message to confirm the event schedule with the invited guest again. Wedding preparation is stressful and costly. At least a food deposit. Other miscellaneous expenses are hundreds of thousands of baht, or some even close to 200,000 baht. There is also a belief in the time of the couple. Therefore, canceling is not easy, and postponing the event date may affect the arrangement of other couples. Most wedding venues are full at the end of the year. "As far as we know, the number of newlyweds canceling the event is only 10 percent, and most of them are after parties that focus on festive activities. The owner of Sabai Wedding's website and Facebook page stated:  
Story told through Viewfinder "Vasan Vanitchakorn" Photographer for the King's work |Having the opportunity to admire His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej once in a lifetime must be considered a dream of many people. Not even "Vasant Vanitchakorn". A photographer who once projected a picture of the King, he said that the dedication was the greatest photographer work in Vasant's Facebook life. AP photographer Vanitchakorn has revealed a story that has not been widely publicized through photos of events after the December 5, 2012 ceremony at Sihabanchar, the Ananta Society Throne Hall. Dusit Palace When the ceremony is finished, The throne moved backwards inwards as the curtain slowly slid to close. It has been shared more than 16,000 times. "I looked through the viewfinder with a lens of about 600mm and saw His body slowly collapse against the chair. I felt that he must have been tired because he had just recovered from his illness and that day he had to stay in the hot sun for hours," Vasan recalls through the lens behind the camera of that day's events. Vasan is now a photographer for AP News Agency for more than 20 years as a photographer. Like a beloved father. Photographing phenomena to tell the world the story of what happened It was the hardest job in Vasant's life, but with his responsibilities, he had to do his best to let the world know how much Thai people love him." Everyone should know what he has done for the Thai people. Thailand? I, as a photographer, have had the opportunity to give to him about 10 times. Every time, I try to find images that can convey what He has done for the Thai people. What have you done for us so that the generation next to me who do not know much about what you have done for the Thai people as much as possible...and I want the world to know how much Thai people love the King.       
Survey finds Myanmar people are the most generous in the world Thailand falls to 37th place|The "Generosity Index" by the Charities Aid Foundation (CAF) found that Myanmar people were crowned the world's most generous people for the third consecutive year, while Thailand fell from 19th last year to 37th. The author of the report analyzed that the philanthropy of the Myanmar people stems from the teachings of Theravada Buddhism and the tradition of making Sanghathan, which means giving alms to monks. In addition, Myanmar people devote the second most volunteer time in the world. The countries with the highest overall generosity score after Myanmar are the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka. While Iraq has been named the most hospitable nation to strangers for the second consecutive year, Thailand ranks 37th in the world for its generosity. It fell to 19th in the 2015 survey and is fifth in ASEAN after Myanmar, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore when viewed separately in three areas of the survey. The CAF generosity index report also found that:
People are interested in booking a book honoring His Majesty the King "Only a father is enough".|One of the books related to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej. What people are interested in ordering and ordering to keep as a souvenir is a book of honor produced by the Siriwattana Foundation. There are a lot of reservations.
Handmade pop-up book "Just Daddy Is Enough" produced by Siriwattana Foundation It has attracted the attention of many people with the intention to keep the latest souvenirs. Sirivatana Foundation has appointed a book booking agent and will re-book through Sirifoundation Facebook fan page or Sirivatana Interprint page, which will be produced in January 2017 and gradually delivered to bookers from April 2017 onwards.
"Hua Hin Dog Conservation Center" Prototype solution stray dog-dog blood bank Mercy from King Rama 9|Khun Copper is the most familiar pet dog in Thailand. In addition, Khun Copper was a stray dog before. King Rama IX called Khun Copper a sweet breed, which stands for municipality, but that was the starting point for Thai society to pay more attention to the problem of stray dogs, today (October 27, 2016), journalists reported that His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej is well aware of the medical opportunities for stray dogs, leading to the establishment of the Hua Hin Dog Conservation Center project. A model to solve stray dog problems and donate blood, currently the situation of dogs sick with diseases that require blood transfusions, such as sepsis or hematopoietic diseases, as well as surgery and accidents at Kasetsart University Animal Hospital. Hua Hin has about 350 dogs a year, but only about 100 dogs receive blood transfusions a year, reflecting the shortage of blood for treatment with the Sacred Heart and Mercy of the King. King Bhumibol Adulyadej His Majesty the King wished to establish the Hua Hin Dog Conservation Center in 2003 by donating 5 million baht from the sale of T-shirts printed photographs of Khun Khun Copper's family. The capital for the construction of the building is 4 million baht, with the remaining 1 million baht. To fund the establishment of the Hua Hin Dog Conservation Center Foundation under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King. Stay healthy, vaccinate, deworm, sterilize and keep your dog in nature. As for healthy dogs, they are placed in the weekly blood feeding dog or blood bank zone, veterinary teams, animal hospitals. Kasetsart University Hua Hin will go in and draw the dog's blood. Currently, there are nearly 1,000 stray dogs under the care of Hua Hin Dog Conservation Center, which systematically solves the problem of stray dogs in tourist cities. His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej's work at the center in 2014 remains in the memory of the staff, who are grateful for His Majesty's graciousness and compassion for the animals, which is a role model to put into practice to take the best care of these dogs. It is a model for systematically solving stray dog problems. At present, many local government organizations have come to study the work to be used as a model for managing problems in the area. The consciousness of taking care of the owner's dog without leaving it to be a burden to others and thinking of the common good rather than the personal benefit, according to the King's speech, is important.    
Beautiful in sadness, wearing "Thai Chitralada dress" to pay tribute to the King. King Rama IX"|A picture of a woman wearing Thai Chitralada dress traveling to pay homage to Her Majesty the King. King Bhumibol Adulyadej at the Grand Palace became a shinta. Thai Chitralada costume is special from its origin to the occasion of its use. It brings pride to all wearers, although the Royal Household Bureau has a requirement that women who attend the funeral are dressed modestly, black. Arms are not tight. The skirt covers the knees, but many people choose to wear Thai Chitralada dress. Some people have specially made this dress for this. From actresses to female reporters and anchors dressed in Thai Chitralada costumes, Piyawara reports the news. Teekhara Netnoi Director of the Queen Sirikit Museum of Textiles in the Grand Palace gave an interview. "Thai PBS Online" about the origin and importance of Thai Chitralada that Thai Chitralada dress was first sewn at this time. Her Majesty the Queen Mother followed King Bhumibol Adulyadej The first overseas expedition was in 1960, one year before His Majesty the King's pass. Her Majesty Queen Sirikit set up a working group on Thai costume to discuss because Thailand does not have a fixed national costume and the past often changes with the times. The working group has designed 8 types of Thai national costumes as follows: 1. Thai Ruen Ton. 2. Thai Chitralada 3. Thai Amarin 4. Thai Borompiman 5. Thai Chakri 6. Thai Emperor 7. Thai Dusit 8. Thai Sivalai and used continuously until now. "The style of Thai Chitralada dress is a round neck shirt, standing collar, long sleeves to the wrist, chest cut. It has front buttons, usually cut from silk. Mud-me cloth or raised flower cloth The skirt is a sarong or floor fabric with a single ankle-length frame and is a popular dress worn at royal ceremonies. Especially the evening ceremony because it has a modest style. Others were cut for auspicious events. From weddings to royal receptions, to receiving royal insignia, it's a pleasure to have someone bring something that Her Majesty the Queen has laid down patterns to be widely worn," said the director of the Queen Sirikit Museum of Textiles. Director of the Institute of Thai Case Studies, Thammasat University, informed that Thai Chitralada is one of the most popular Thai costumes that Her Majesty the Queen has been prescribed to wear it at royal ceremonies for decades. His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej is a royal ceremony. Participants are required to dress appropriately and in traditional Thai Chitralada costume at the ceremony. Especially attending the funeral prayer of the King Abhidhamma in the evening because the Thai Chitralada costume is the most suitable. It looks too casual and is more suitable for morning work. If it is a Thai Amarin dress that looks like Thai Chitralada dress but is one step taller. Because the cloth is raised gold or silver, it is not suitable for praying Abhidhamma at night." Director of Institute of Thai Case Studies, Thammasat University Identify Anucha He added that the general public, including actors who wore Thai Chitralada costumes to pay their respects in front of His Majesty's image in the past and pay their respects in front of His Majesty the King since October 29, as well as female journalists dressed to report the news, can also do so. His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej, because it is a neat and beautiful dress, and also helped spread the story of Thai costume in Piyachat Wattanacommerce. The owner of Daisy's dress rental shop, Klongluang. Pathumthani told "Thai PBS Online" that after the death of King Rama IX, the demand for rental Thai Chitralada and Thai Boromphiman black dresses has more than doubled from the previous period. Thai Chitralada dresses of all sizes, from S to the largest 4XL, that the shop has prepared for renting 40 sets, most of which are government officials, ask to buy them to wear at such events. The teenagers are also another group of customers who call to rent Thai Chitralada costumes because they see the actress wearing them beautifully," Piyachat said. This makes general clothing stores that do not sell or accept Thai tailors. Start accepting pre-orders for Thai Chitralada dresses with Piyachat. He further explained that the original Thai Chitralada dress is made from silk, but the Thai Chitralada dress for rent is mostly made from artificial silk from synthetic fibers, or what in the circle is called "Italian silk", which provides secondary quality from real silk to be used for sewing, making the cost cheaper. From 3,500-4,500 baht to 1,800 baht per set. As a result, the rental price is at a level that is easily accessible to the general public, which is about 500-700 baht. "What is worrisome is that many shops have started to unpack Thai Chitralada dresses and send them to Chinese tailors because there is a shortage of raw materials and tailors in Thailand. What kind of fabric does it look like?" The owner of Daisy's women's dress rental shop expressed concern about the issue while Piyavara The director of the Queen Sirikit Museum of Textiles expressed the view that the beautiful Thai Chitralada dresses, as seen in museums or royal ceremonies, are all made from intricately woven silk or raised flowers. Experienced craftsmen with beautifully cut techniques such as fabric patterns or oblique patterns to make the cut dress flexible and move smoothly. If it is not silk or the technician has no experience in Thai fabric cutting. The resulting Thai Chitralada dress may not come out as it looks. And the good old ones that exist may be lost. A tailor at Darunee Bangkok, who shares his experience in sewing Thai royal clothes, said that sewing Thai clothes from silk is not easy. This is because some types of silk are slippery and difficult to sew. Tailors must "understand the nature of the fabric" and carefully "read the pattern" before sewing, which is one of the techniques that adds durability to the dress. The sewing workmanship must be thorough. There are many steps, and maintenance is more difficult than ordinary fabric. This makes the price of Thai royal dresses popular from silk expensive. Sections Sukanda Sinkhajit Sunee tailor daughter Fortress area defeated enemies Nang Loeng district, who has been acquainted with silk for decades, gave more knowledge about silk that should be used in sewing Thai royal clothes, saying that silk is an important ingredient used in sewing Thai dress. The most popular fabric for sewing is hand-woven silk 2 strands and 4 strands, while the 2-strand silk fabric is characterized by a smooth and glossy fabric, so it is popular to sew Thai clothes. As a result, silk is expensive, but it is considered the uniqueness and value of Thai silk. Thanawan Milintasut, news anchor, Thai PBS Television Station Revealing how he felt about wearing Thai Chitralada in the performance of his duties, he said that he was honored and proud to wear this dress to report the news because it was polite, elegant and also a tribute. King Bhumibol Adulyadej "In life, there are very few opportunities to wear Thai clothes. As for the Thai Chitralada dress. In life, I have only had the opportunity to wear it 3 times, the first being my own engagement and the second being a royal funeral. Her Majesty Chaofa Kanlayaniwattana Royal Department of Narathiwat Rajanagarindra and Royal Funeral Ceremony His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej for the 3rd time, although Thai Chitralada dress is a perfect fit. The dress is elastic and silk also adjusts the temperature naturally, that is, even when going out in the field, it feels airy, but if you come to announce in the air-conditioned studio, it will automatically warm up." Consider your surroundings for both work and daily life, Yamaiporn Kongruang and Sirinapa Imsiri, Thai PBS Online correspondents. report 
Opening up to the photographer "Where my father went", a photo following the footsteps of His Majesty the King|Throughout the 70 years of His Majesty the King's reign, "King Rama IX" traveled everywhere to see the real problems of the people. There was one who traveled where he had visited to take a photo for an album called "Where My Father Goes". On social media, a Facebook user named James Apisit posted a photo album titled "Where His Father Goes", which is a photo of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the place where he used to carry out royal duties, such as the one that planted a golden peacock tree at Thammasat University, Rangsit Center in 1986, or the photo of His Majesty the King going to the tamarind field. The series has amassed over 17,000 likes and over 28,000 shares. Thai PBS talks to Abhisit Supakitcharoen who took the photo "Where Dad went" Abhisit mentioned the origin of these pictures as a picture of the place where His Majesty used to walk. About 20-30 years ago. He has already recorded pictures to the spot where His Majesty used to visit and compared the pictures in the past with that place, such as the picture of His Majesty planting the golden peacock of Thammasat University, Rangsit Center, taken against the Executive Dome Building. This photo he saw from the university page, which is about to turn 30 years in a few days, inspired him to take it. He photographed this tree at the university 10 years ago and was still studying with impressive pictures that would remind people of His Majesty the King, namely the picture of Siriraj Hospital that His Majesty the King descended from the Chalermkiat Building to the courtyard 100 years ago, as well as the picture on September 1, 2015 at Golden Place Shop. Inside Siriraj Hospital Inspired by His Majesty's initiative with more than 4,000 projects across the country, he wanted to see how his place had changed and how it benefited the people. King Rama IX continued to work hard for 70 years of his reign. The first project to go was Pratunam at Thung Makham Yong. Phra Nakhon Si Ayutha, where in 2555 His Majesty last visited. The project began in 1995 after a flood. He made the tamarind field a water receiving point, and there was a picture of him opening the floodgates to deliver water to the farmers, and there was also a picture of him harvesting rice in the rice fields where he opened the water gates. I'm not sure if I'll get all 4,000 projects in my life from now on. When I stood where he was, Abhisit also said that the next stop I want to go to is Phetchaburi, Prachuap Khiri Khan, such as the Hua Mun Scale Project or the Huay Sai Development Project.      
"Sandalwood" in death rituals |The custom of using sandalwood to make furniture Incense to fuel funeral ceremonies has been around since ancient times. With important properties, both have a beautiful yellow color and a pleasant aroma. Therefore, this auspicious wood exists both in royal ceremonies and folk ways. Today (Nov. 15, 2016), reporters reported that the wisdom of using sandalwood to deodorize when funeral ceremonies are passed down from ancient times. Make Jaree Kongcharoen happy and Kachow villagers Bang Ban, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Tan saw sandalflowers made of thin planed wood laid with 3 incense sticks and a log of firewood. Nearly 70 years ago, ancient funerals are in my memory, but the latter is a rare sandalwood and one of the restricted woods. Sandalflowers from later generations of folk crafts Therefore, only the part called the sandalwood mustache remains. Made of wood pulp or pulp, no matter how the color of the sandalflower changes, one thing that still needs to be maintained is the wood pulp as it looks. In the past, sandalwood with a pleasant smell was used to make it, which the villagers of previous generations still used but today it is considered a symbol of the tradition. Housewives of sandalflower farmers, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Tell me how to do that. He'll make thin sheets, not as many as they are today, because they'll only be given out to the elders. When I saw the sandalflowers, I smelled the smell and Kesinee would be happy. Housewives of sandalflower farmers, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Said that the villagers have been using other wood instead for a long time, almost no smell. But must maintain this as a symbol of sandalwood, the use of sandalwood as fuel has a legend since the time of Buddha. Malla King wrapped his body in a new cloth blotted with 500 pieces of cotton wool and enshrined it on the foot of fragrant wood sludge. The story of sandalwood also appears in chronicles from the time of Ayutthaya, mentioning the execution of the lord by smashing it with a sandallog. It is believed that in order not to let blood fall on the earth, it is one of the honors because sandalwood has been considered since ancient times as a good wood with rare value. The place where the lord was buried by smashing with a rafters at that time was Wat Khok Phraya, in addition to being related to death, which was used as an execution machine. Chanwood is also used as firewood or fuel for royal or funeral homes. Merit Chap, Language Specialist Literature and culture say that science is not yet developed. The remedy for the corpse to lighten the smell is to use sandalwood, because it is a good wood with a price. Any city that has as many sandalwood trees as it has important resources, the peoples of South East Asia also consider sandalwood to be an auspicious wood with special characteristics with beautiful yellow wood and aroma. Even when it is dry, it does not leave a smell, giving a variety of benefits to use to bake the body to smell good when alive and as firewood burned when dying.  
Shine beauty queen strategy quiz What kind of "guts" do you use to win the crown?  |Analyze the beauty queen's answering strategy that requires more than mindfulness and confidence. When the international pageant stage often uses political and social issues as the final round of measuring questions, as well as hot topics, the new president of the United States selects a suitable candidate for the crown today (May 6). "If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were to stop war and violence, I would choose Donald Trump. Imagine if we could use his fury to stir up the masses and use this to our advantage," said Nicole Gordovez, a beauty from the Philippines in the Miss Grand International 2016 quiz round. If she can use her speaking tactics to turn boos into the 1st runner-up crown, the beauty from the Thousand Islands revealed that choosing to answer questions differently was a strategy she originally set up to make herself look different. Beauty queens may know the broad question guidelines to practice first, but in rounds that need to be answered live without prior preparation, it is difficult to answer them well and completely. The challenge of the quiz round forced many beauty queens to train with almost every breath. The latest Miss Universe, Pia Alonso, has a notebook that jots down questions that may arise on the pageant stage and will always practice answering them. Good or bad answers? Miriam Quimbau, the favorite from the Philippines on the Miss Universe 1999 stage, was crowned because she didn't answer enough questions. When asked if Miss Universe was pregnant, she should continue to hold the title after she lost to Empule Kwelagobe, the reigning Miss Universe from Botswana, who replied, "Miss Universe is a symbol of femininity. Therefore, if she is pregnant, she should not be seen to relinquish her position, because having one life in her body is a celebration of femininity." Answering questions by knowing the social context is also a trick to win the crown. This is evident from "Porntip Nakhirankanok", the 2nd Miss Universe of Thailand. When asked about fluent English communication skills. She affectionately replied that because she loved watching Big Bird. The hosts of that year's quiz round could be a space for young women to express their attitudes and remove the insult that the weak-legged stage is only about beauty. The hotter the political and social questions a stage may call the ratings, the quiz round is more than just an element of the contest that takes place and then ends. But it is also an indispensable complement. Because it is undeniable that today is an era when the beauty pageant stage is no different from watching shows and has become an entertainment business.  
Good news! Fuzhou Tea House Street Art in Songkhla Old Town is definitely back after the renovation.|The painting on the wall of Fuzhou Tea House is the first street art of an ancient building in Songkhla Old Town, reflecting the lifestyle of Songkhla residents. When the building was repaired, 3 men were seen drinking tea. Read the paper, talk happily. Painting works cracks of brick walls A classic Sino-Portuguese style building almost 100 years old, which recreates the atmosphere of Songkhla's former tea house "Fu Chau". The first piece of street art in the old town has become a new selling point of Songkhla city, where many tourists take photos every day. Both Nakhon Nok Road, Nakhon Nai and Nang Ngam Road. Dr. Jarae Suwanchart Faculty of Architecture professor, Rajamangala University of Technology Srivichai Songkhla revealed that it was born from the idea of the former mayor of Songkhla. Mr. Peera Tantiseranee, who wants to create a colorful atmosphere and wants the streets of Songkhla Old Town to be art streets, "to make both street art and street art is to make that street into an art street". The content tells the history and lifestyle of Songkhla residents, especially street art that simulates the atmosphere of Fuzhou Tea House, which tourists are interested in taking photos as souvenirs. When traveling in Songkhla for the walls of buildings used as space. Street art painting Fuzhou Tea House Located at the intersection of 4 Nang Ngam Road and Raman Road. It is a classic old building in Sino-Portuguese style. Built in 1919 It is currently in a state of disrepair, causing the building owner to renovate it by dismantling the wall used to paint the Fuzhou Tea House. The building's representative confirmed that the street art of Fuzhao Tea House will be recreated. When the building is repaired, Chanin Sakarin, deputy president of the Songkhla Lovers Association, said that Fuzhou Tea was originally a tea house that actually opened here. Stay tuned, even though the street art of the tea house "Fu Chau" was demolished during the renovation of the building, some tourists still frequented Songkhla for photos with large vinyl images. It is installed and replaced during the repair of the building, reflecting the love of street art that reflects the story of Songkhla's lifestyle and atmosphere in the past.
NEDA recommends 6 ways to avoid flooding |National Institute of Emergency Medicine Disclosure of guidelines in flood situations National Institute of Emergency Medicine Reveals Guidelines for Flood Situations 1. Chop the fire cutout before leaving the house and quickly evacuate to higher ground by avoiding the stream line. Drainage channel2.Follow the news closely and follow the instructions3.Call 1669 if you see a patient. The injured need help.4.Do not drive through the flood current, and if the water rises around the car, get out of the car.5.Do not walk through the current, always wear a life jacket and use a stick to grope the way. To observe how shallow the soil is.6. Do not risk helping others. If your device isn't ready 
"The Right Way When Your Child Turns Us" Raising Gen Z Children with the Concept of Walking Behind the Children of "Deshrat Sukkerat"|Because he is an economics professor, Decharat Sukkurd has a strict life plan. The academic father then changed his perspective from a preaching officer to an introduction to his children and shared his experience through writing a card game with simple rules to order the historical events of ASEAN countries correctly over time. Whoever is more accurate wins. Board Game at Dan Thai Sukkurd The 12-year-old, invented to help remember his subjects, also became an activity to bring smiles to his family, a sentiment recorded by his father, Deshrat Sukkerat, an economics scholar, and applied it in the classroom at Kasetsart University. It helps difficult things such as resource allocation to be easy to understand through a variety of games, starting from the concern that your son will become addicted to games. If you get to know the world of the new generation and open your heart to acceptance. The world of two generations thus becomes one. Part of my experience as a father of two shared it online before it became the book "The Right Way When My Child Changed Us". To sneak a peek to realize that this game can enhance imagination and enhance design skills, so I invited from Minecraft to use a game that is related to design instead... We need to keep up with what he's changed. If we learn to listen to what he thinks, we can see where he's progressing and how we can help fill him," Deshrat said of the beginning of a short conversation that turned into a turning point between father and son. When his daughter opened up and the adults were ready to review, the 49-year-old father focused on talking to his 17-year-old daughter's problems that were too interested in society. Thai education system to philosophy of life Even many questions from Generation Z teens seem anti-regulation and something that adults are not familiar with. If this is also an exchange time for two generations to show empathy for the family. "Dad keeps trying to understand us, not thinking for us. When I have anything, I ask and explain counseling, not as a father, but as a friend," Warisa Sukkurd told Thai PBS. Does being a non-religious person become an unethical person? Like this and so on. We have to bring it up for discussion. As it says in the book, Later, I focused on the idea of walking behind him, letting him walk ahead, we can talk to him, we can tell him, but if we go in front of him, Maybe we can block his thoughts again, because we might take him in a direction he doesn't want to go to." Many activities spent with his children in the house inspired Deshrat Create a piece of writing, like the first book. This house is DIY. Co-authored with his wife, it's about farming for urban people. Part of this is to instill nature in children as well, because every activity in daily life is like learning for family members to grow together. Academic fathers also regularly share their experiences of raising children online. Hoping for families to see new perspectives on raising children in order to keep up with the mindset of modern children and understand each other better, the book "The Right Way to Change Us" is the third writing of Master Deshrat whose previous two books are about the idea of family members both farming and the story of the game of economics Anjali. Posuwan Thai PBS reporter reports.
Route 12 "Khao Kho" Green tourist route following in the footsteps of "The King's Science"|together with Phetchabun and Phitsanulok provinces. Open a new kind of experiential tourism experience for tourists to learn about local innovations of farmers who follow the "King's Science" of King Rama IX after being "pinned" as Switzerland in Thailand since 1987. From the original number of only 200,000 people per year, what is the selling point of the city of "Tonko"? If there is not a natural attraction on the Phetchabun Mountains that is familiar to travelers. Whether it is the Khao Kho Palace. Phu Tab Berk Nam Nao National Park, Thung Salaeng Luang, Phu Lom Lo The land of cherry blossoms in Thailand and Wat Phrathat Phasornkaew, cultural attractions, how should the future "Khao Kho" grow and find something to be a selling point for tourists qualitatively? Sparked by a group of researchers under the support of the Thai Fund. Research Support or TRU by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Jirawat Peerasan from Naresuan University, Phitsanu Province A world with a different perspective on tourism. And it doesn't stop there because it also emphasizes the distinctiveness of capturing artistic innovation in organizing. Today, the news team has joined the journey along Route 12 Phuhin Rong Kla - Phu Tab Berk - Khao Kho that winds through 3 provinces, namely Phitsanulok, Phetchabun and Loei. Over 350 kilometers, 3 rai of land surrounded by valleys has been transformed into the land of "Labyrinth" is an innovative design Agriculture in strawberry plots Thailand's First Suttipong Abdullah The owner of the farmhouse is warm. Ban Dok Champi Khao Kho District, Phetchabun Province, told me that he thinks that the area is divided into vegetable plots of 1 rai and a half fruit, producing salad vegetables, white cabbage and garden vegetables. The other 1 and a half rai is made into a rectangular maze with 10 rows, designed as a labyrinth. Because we want to increase knowledge and create enjoyment in tourist activities. Tourists will have knowledge of the royal species that are cultivated. Using insect repellent bags and using bio-based planting to manage the plots, making the strawberries of this farm crispy and delicious because they are grown with care for the environment and care for consumers according to the guideline "3 Reduce". Reduce global warming, reduce chemicals and reduce costs. From a young urban engineer who gave up prosperity to follow in the footsteps of King Rama 9's new agricultural theory to apply over the past 2 years, this Ai-Oon farmhouse has become a source of learning for the community and is known for its tourism. "I am grateful to King Rama IX for adhering to the principle of sufficiency economy, which his teachings were a turning point in my life. But I didn't have time to start a family, so I thought I wanted to look at sustainability, so I turned to agriculture. But when studying and acting based on the principles of the King's economic sufficiency to apply, the focus is on following the power that we have, what we do is clearly enlightened, and gradually taking one step at a time, and doing organic farming to reduce environmental problems and achieve sustainable development." The same applies to the approach of Natthawat Wattanaprasit. Resort Business Owner, Rainforest Farm, Wangthong District, Phitsanulok Province He said that 7 years ago, Have the intention to live in the midst of nature. To heal the body after an accident that almost crippled. The turning point from a working man whose life turned to become a farmer because of the King's teachings on the sufficiency economy philosophy. From that day until 7 years, he adapted to a new life and turned to business management with the concept of self-reliant economy. Reduce expenses Waste management, safe food production Use renewable energy and create a tourism network that does not damage the environment on behalf of the Khek River Conservation Club. If anyone visits. "Forest Farm" sees a difference, 7 rai of land along the Khek River has become a mixed garden of planted and edible forests. Under the principle of 3 forests, 4 benefits, including more than 40 types of fruit trees, vegetables and kitchen gardens. Ornamental plants The owner surveys which areas are poorly landed. The fruit does not grow, will use the area as a pit pig farm, chasing laying hens, tourists will learn from the entrance that is made into a tunnel of vegetables that can be eaten according to the season. morning glory, lemon, herbs morning glory, including Siamese necklace, the only flowering plant of Phitsanulok. He He said that using the principle of self-sufficiency, he reduced expenses by up to 2 times only for cleaning products used in resorts and home care, but above all, the environment was returned. Tourists have learned the process of environmental literacy and have taken action in resource stewardship, such as garbage collection in the Khek River, and the newly started project, Grow Together, which allows tourists to plant trees and take care of 557 pilot trees to increase green space. Accept that each year Khao Kho and Phu Tab Berk have about 2 million tourists. Approximately 10,000 foreign tourists and nearly 2 million Thai tourists, especially during the seasons and holidays, have been particularly intense. In the past, tourism promotion within Phetchabun province has attracted tourists and entrepreneurs to take advantage of highland and lack of quality care. "We are now working on a public plan for tourists to visit in the middle of the week to achieve quality tourism. Through the Route 12 Phetchabun project, which can travel to cover the tourist attractions of Phetchabun throughout the province. Links to other tourist attractions of neighboring provinces as well. In the future, there is a tendency to remember. The number of tourists will continue to increase, so it is necessary to organize a system to create quality natural tourism. Whether it's cleanliness, convenience and safety, to impress you to spread the word or come back to travel again." The new tourism route No. 12 follows in the footsteps of the King, so it is another new option for tourists who want to learn and experience a new one.  
Super Fun International Kite Festival Cha-am Beach Phetchaburi  |Thai and foreign tourists come to visit a variety of kites at Cha-am beach. Phetchaburi The International Kite Festival 2017 under the concept of Deep Blue Sea will be held from March 10-12. Today (11 Mar 2017) Thai tourists, mostly families and foreigners, take selfies with large kites, especially whale kites. Whale shark kite Bright yellow squid kites, whale sharks, and toothless dragon kites from animations are displayed at Cha-am beach. The International Kite Festival 2017 under the concept of Deep Blue Sea will be held from March 10-12. 
The first fashion eyebrow tattoo contest in Thailand |Because eyebrows are the crown of the face, today's beauty trends require special attention to eyebrows. Eyebrow tattooing is a shortcut that is trending in the ASEAN region. The international eyebrow tattoo contest was held in Thailand for the first time, the era of eyebrow leeches is over. Now is the eyebrow line is naturally aligned. Or if any type of fine rain is clear, take it six dimensions. It is an international Asian eyebrow tattoo contest. But if someone makes it out and looks like a cheeky and not sharp, the referee throws it in a black bag immediately, because if they make a mistake and end up in front of a real person, it will not be easy to correct. The judgment is intense, because the eyebrows are the crown of the face. Eyebrow work, so you have to think and think again, Mr. Thanapol Nimthaisuk (Tole). The young actor said there were many reasons for his decision to get his eyebrows. Number one is because of the scar at the end of the eyebrow. I had to rely on makeup when I had drama, but I stuck to the point where I played the action queue and lost my eyebrows every time, so I decided to get a permanent tattoo. The problem requires eyebrows to be filled often, and he says it looks like he got something. It improves the face a little, but it makes work easier." A lot of people say that if they break their eyebrows, they won't be able to save money, so I got an eyebrow tattoo, which I did once and did two things." Mr. Thanapol said the trend of eyebrow tattooing has become very popular. This eyebrow tattoo contest There are judges and participants in almost 10 ASEAN countries. Tell us about beauty trends in the ASEAN region. Even though it's the same trend, the popular style is different. Our house is based on the trend of Korean eyebrows, slender and straight. "Now that the Eyebrow Decorators Association has opened, we take Thai people to compete overseas, competing in China 3 rounds, the first time was 3rd, but the next time we got 1st and 2nd. Mrs. Juraiwan Sudpong, Vice President of Thailand Eyebrow Decorators Association The real trendsetter in eyebrow tattooing must be given to China. Thai eyebrow makers always fly to get their techniques and get customers from there. This may be an intensive beauty, but it will be necessary to take into account the safety of the tool and its cleanliness.   
April 27 is the sun set but not the hottest day. |The National Institute of Astronomical Research pointed out that April 27 is the sun set in Bangkok, and March 20. Daylight is as long as night. The equinox is called the day of the change of seasons. In countries in the northern hemisphere, spring is the turn of spring, but not the hottest day. Today(14 reviews) (March 2017) Assoc. Prof. Boonraksa Sunthorntham, director of the National Astronomical Research Institute or Dr. Boonraksa Sunthorntham, said that on March 20, The sun rises from the horizon in the east and reverses the horizon in the west. Make the day as long as night. Sanskrit is called the "Vernal Equinox" and the northern hemisphere marks the arrival of spring. For Thailand on March 20, Bangkok The sun rises at around 06.23 a.m. and sets on the horizon at about 6.28 p.m. Each day, the sun appears in different positions, changing its position by about 1 degree a day. After this, the sun will continue to move obliquely to the north and stop at its northernmost point on June 21, also known as the summer solstice. After that, it will gradually move south again, the sun will be perpendicular to the earth. Only at latitude 23.5 degrees north to 23.5 degrees south. Since the Earth's axis is tilted 23.5 degrees, only countries in the tropics will be able to observe the sun perpendicularly. For March 20 The sun is perpendicular to the area around the Earth's equator. Thailand is located at a latitude of about 15 degrees north. The sun will be perpendicular to Bangkok on April 27.  
Indian yellow tree in full bloom at Prachinburi University|KMUTT Prachinburi invites you to see the beauty of the Indian yellow tree that blooms once a year and is expected to fade around Saturday, March 25.  Today (23 Mar 2017) Mr. Wuttichai Prasertsuk Division Director King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok Prachinburi Campus In front of the Faculty of Agro-Industry building, 32 Indian yellow trees have already bloomed along the campus roads, with Indian yellow trees blooming only once a year for about 5 days, which this year will fade around Saturday, March 25. Therefore, interested people are invited to come and take photos as souvenirs.      
13-year-old boy sailing across the Gulf of Thailand King Rama IX|Experience a 13-year-old girl sailing on her own at night. From the beach head Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province to Toei Ngam Beach, Chonburi Province, distance 110 kilometers, following in the footsteps of King Rama 9, Chalisa Krittanai or Nong Joul. The 13-year-old sailor immediately jumped in and hugged his father. After successfully sailing across the Gulf of Thailand to shore because it is sailing in the footsteps of His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej. King Rama IX 51 years ago to have today, Shalicha had to plan her exercise and practice sailing in the middle of the sea every holiday. Almost 1 year of deliberate training led her to successfully sail across the Gulf of Thailand in 21 hours from Hua Hin District, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province to Toei Ngam Beach, Chonburi Province, a distance of 110 kilometers. Let's say if we use the boat that we are playing with as a small boat to sail across the Gulf of Thailand, can we play because someone used to do it, but it is a larger boat, and King Rama 9 used to sail across the Gulf of Thailand 51 years ago, we thought we could do it, we tried to find out how much distance we had to run, how long it took us, we came to calculate whether we could do it or not. Admitting that he couldn't help worrying about his daughter because there was a windstorm for almost 30 minutes, Krittanai said that there was a rainstorm for half an hour during that time, but he used a tracking boat to try to get a little closer to see if there was an accident. So we can get to the security scene in time. In addition, if we follow in his footsteps, there will be many things that happen. At least learn patience. For us to strive for hard work and difficult matters, we must do it is an important experience for Chalisa and her family because despite the obstacles, they have learned patience and perseverance, following in the footsteps of King Rama IX with loyalty. This semester, she scored 4th grade in all subjects. Despite the hard sailing training, the perseverance gained from sailing Today, she is successful in both school and sports at the same time.     
Open the book. Opal's "Parents Know You Must O" - Dr. Oak|Opal - Dr. Oak Record the experience of preterm birth in detail through text to be a lecture and encouragement for many people. People with the same experience. Today (3 Apr 2017) Reporters reported that at this year's Book Week, One of them is the book "Parents Know You Must O" by couple Panisara Arayasakul (Opal) Smith Arayasakul (Dr. Oak) that tells the story of overcoming various obstacles for the word family. "Parents know you have to O" is a book of knowledge, it is not a How to, not really, because flipping through it may bring tears to your eyes. With a dramatic story that really happened, especially when Opal was experiencing preterm birth. Dr. Oak said he had to make his heart stronger, a pillar, and take good care of him for two full months. The doctor told Opal not to move, to eat, sleep, excrete, and stay on the bed only because it was the only way to save his child's life, including a heart-wrenching period, which was when Opal took defibrillators that his body could hardly bear." What did he have to go through? Alin - Alan is at risk of blindness, inability to breathe on his own, and brain damage. When Po walks, people come in and ask how the baby was born prematurely and how to take care of it. Po feels that there are many people who have encountered things like Po and do not know what to do. We wanted it to be like a guide and an encouragement because we knew it wasn't easy," Panisara said. When we are married, our lives are full of expectations, and we want to succeed. I wanted to be rich, but it all crystallized us into what is most important in life. The most important thing about living is living," Smith said. Mom, he doesn't have to wait for the bond to be raised. Give me a hug. Give me a kiss. We feel it is the instinct of parents who, even if they haven't seen their faces, do anything for them," Niti said. The two clearly divide their duties. Opal wrote about his personal experience. Dr. Oak emphasizes academic information that is useful to the readers. As a doctor, I can't forget that I need a lot of encouragement. The catchphrase that Dr. Oak says helps change his mind. "Parents need to be strong and think positively. Opal-Dr. Oak's family has gained more than 4 million followers on Opal's mother's Instagram, resulting in Alin and Alan becoming another little superstar couple who started a greeting event, but parents refused because they focused purely on health care. Alin-Alan's "Op-Oak" style is simple: it focuses on teaching him emotional development and building knowledge to immunize him as he grows up.
Songkran hair dyeing advice Avoid eyebrows and eyelashes dye Risk of hypersensitivity  |FDA warns hair dye products that contain "dyes" may cause allergic reactions, such as a rash on the head. This year's Songkran Festival should be back in full swing and fun for another year. After Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence are allowed to swim in the trunk of the pickup truck. But it's on a secondary road. Do not play on major roads or speeding roads. This news should make young people who want to play in the water cool off some smile. If there is no frustration, I believe that this Songkran year we will still see young men and women dyeing their hair in bright colors, defying the sweltering sun. Contains dyes such as p-phenylenediamine or PPD, which may cause allergic reactions, such as a rash on the head. Herbs hair dye Temporary hair dye, semi-permanent hair dye and permanent hair dye, which if used correctly, there is no problem, FDA recommends how to use hair dye products safely.-Test for allergies by applying the product behind the ear or abdomen of the arm and leave it on for 24-48 hours.-Do not use to dye eyebrows and eyelashes.-Do not leave hair dye on the head for a long time. -Strictly follow the instructions indicated on the label.-Should you experience any abnormalities such as burning, itching, discontinue use and rinse immediately with water.
"THAI Alert", a 24-hour disaster notification application |Thammasat University Opened the Social Surveillance Center to be a 24-hour online coordination center for future social disasters today (April 10, 2017). Thammasat University Launched "THAI Alert" application, an application to raise awareness of young volunteers, providing opportunities for students, volunteers from various ministries and the general public. This application will serve to send information received from the public to responsible agencies and provide timely assistance. The Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation and the Office of the Basic Committee of the "THAI Alert" application are available for download on Android today, while IOS can be downloaded from May 1, 2017.
"Sweet Goddess" Beauty queen on Songkran|Nearly 30 seniors in Hua Hin Municipality participated in the Sweet Goddess Contest to create color during Songkran Festival and improve the quality of life of the elderly. Today (18 Apr 2017) Reporters reported that the elderly in Hua Hin municipality Prachuap Khiri Khan dressed in Thai costumes and clothes made from recycled materials. Participate in the contest of the sweet goddess held by Hua Hin Municipality. Yesterday evening, there were 26 contestants, the oldest of whom was 85 years old. Particularly striking are the kits made from recycled materials. Each sweet girl has invented beautifully. Made from 3-in-1 coffee packets, plastic bags, CDs. Soft drink cap Rice bag. After the beauty walked the show in the first round. The Mayor of Hua Hin City presented a pink kitty doll as a souvenir, which was very pleasing to the contestants. It is considered as a way to promote and develop the quality of life of the elderly correctly and to carry on the good Thai culture. 
How to live in balance in an aging society|It's only a few days past the family day, but who will take a deeper look at the family institution that is considered the most important part of society? Especially Thai society that counts down to the old society. In contrast to the number of newborns reaching 700,000 per year, and in less than 30 years, the trend of births will drop to 500,000." Dr. Vasana Im-em, Representative of the United Nations Population Fund Thailand (UNGPA), expressed concern while participating in a panel discussion on "Work-Life Balance in the Style of CEOs" organized by the Thailand Research Fund (TRF). Even more shocking. When the Office for National Statistics finds information on family situation, births and population quality that The number of married men and women without children is increasing. This is due to women's lack of motivation and lack of policies that balance themselves with family. "If women have assurances that pregnancy will not be a career turning point, Thailand's birth rate may not decrease." Listen to CEOs to find ways to balance their lives. The low birth rate coupled with a society where there will be only old people. Therefore, it is not an easy solution in the Thailand 4.0 era, so work and family management must be done in a balanced manner. "When I had children, I agreed with my wife that I would take care of them because my wife, who is a bank employee, worked hard. The chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) shared his experience, suggesting that people who decide to have children must think far. It may be difficult to start a family, but having children is the most important part of family. If we can sustain our marriage forever, it is the best help. It will make your child have a good quality of life, especially emotionally, because if the family is good, you will see the value of wanting to create a family." We could work anywhere. All you need is a laptop and internet access. That's why it gives people more choice," Jane said as CEO. Thailand's top love songwriter With both father-of-two status and the management of Love Is Co., Ltd., it's no surprise that he puts his family first. "Before getting married, I talked to my wife about reaping love, so we invested in our family by giving love and giving time. Finally, our son will sit and watch our fever. Having children helps us sustain each other because they are sandpaper to keep us in love unconditionally." He recounted the beginning of his family, and his administration said that he gave priority to his subordinates by trying to tell everyone to focus on their family, "because if his family goes bankrupt, my company is ruined." He joked. This discussion was attended by only one woman, Dr. Duenden Nikhomborirak. Research Director, Thailand Development Research Institute "I will not take weekend jobs because it is family time, but I will send my husband instead. If we both choose to work, it's not good. At least the child needs to be taken care of. I will choose a family. Not one hundred percent of the work. Saturdays and Sundays are for families, and weekdays are full of work." She shares her personal experience as a mother and as a working woman. She sees the problems that arise after having children, especially in some workplaces where there are no nursing homes, so she suggests that some workplaces should promote this. As for the role of the government, it should take care of both the social security system and the tax system because the current state policy does not allow people to want to have children. Nattee or Bob Kosolpisit, a news anchor, described his experience as a father of 4 that without a job, he would not be able to manage his family. "Working almost every day makes time for the family small, so we have to find someone to help take care of our children in our daily tasks, but we try to find activities to enhance our children's skills, such as Natcha is the standard that we have developed, and the other 3 children have to use their older sisters as a standard, so when they are with their children, they have to cut everything out, especially the phone." As an executive of Clickfor Clever Co., Ltd., he treats employees as if they were family. For example, when going to seminars in other provinces, employees will take their families with them to build family relationships. These things do not have to wait for the government story and photo by... Phahon Thap 
"Cafe Black Crow" Experience the crow charm in one day. |Many people believe that crows are animals associated with bad luck, bad omens, diseases, and plagues, making the crow an unloved animal. Bring the crow for everyone to experience up close. To see that they are beautiful, intelligent, knowledgeable creatures at a café in London, England. The dark black crow attracts customers, which attracts quite a bit of attention, and the menu in the restaurant is designed in the shape of a crow. Charlie Gilmour The person behind the novelty revealed that he wanted to open up a better understanding of the crows because they are beautiful, intelligent and charming animals in their own unique way. It is made temporarily and is only open to the public for one day.  
"Museum of Failure" about mistakes that can happen.|Swedish Museum of Failure Collect works and products that have completely failed. It is now open to the public. Museum of Failure It is located in Helsingborg. Southern Sweden Officially opened on June 7, the museum houses things that have failed, such as green ketchup, President Donald Trump's Monopoly game, and an electro-stimulating face mask for the curator and owner of the museum, Samuel West. "The idea here is to make people realize that failure is necessary to innovate, and that anyone can make mistakes, even some of the world's biggest companies that produce unsold products like Coca-Cola or Harley perfumes. Davidson, etc.    
Unseen "Firefly Fields" Promyothee Camp |Tourists flock to see the beautiful hundreds of thousands of terrestrial fireflies showing off their glittering lights. During the rainy season, the 2nd Artillery Regiment guarded the King. Promyothee Camp, Mueang Prachinburi  Open daily from 19.00 - 21.00 yesterday (21 June 2017) Reporters reported that a large number of different people stood and watched. Fireflies that began to take off from the grass surface showed a glittering light inside the Promyothee camp. After the Facebook of the 2nd Artillery Regiment Royal Guard Promyothee Camp, Muang Prachinburi District, published the appearance of fireflies in the barracks area. Travel to see fireflies from the evening with vigor Col. Kraipop. Chaipan The commander of the 2nd Royal Artillery Regiment said fireflies appeared. Since last year, the forest area is about 50 rai quite fertile. There is an ecosystem suitable for fireflies to live here, along with the rainy season when adult fireflies grow. In the area around the camp there are orchards, where chemicals are widely used. Fireflies are very sensitive about chemicals. The camp is open to visitors every day from 7 p.m. to 21 a.m. The fireflies that appear in the camp are classified as terrestrial fireflies, one of 21 species. Adult male fireflies have wings, feeding on single-capped mollusks, earthworms, millipedes, and small insects. It is characterized by being able to light both the worm, pupa and adult stages. 
Invite to see the exhibition "Father's stamp 1950 |Thailand Post Invite you to visit the exhibition of stamps of my father in 1950 for the benefit of the Siamese public at Bangrak Central Post Office from June 22 - 31. It will display rare stamps from King Rama IX, which are prepared in 79 sets, 353 postage stamps or honor stamps. King Bhumibol Adulyadej It is a valuable heritage of the Thai people who convey the story throughout the reign of His Majesty the King through small stamps for the Thai people to bow to the King. Please compassionate and embrace the doctrines and projects that have been given by His Majesty the King for sustainable use of happiness and personal and public benefits since B.E. 2490 until His Majesty the King's death on October 13, 2016. For 70 years, Thailand Post has been creating stamps in honor of His Majesty the King, totaling 79 copies, 353 designs, with more than 2 billion prints. Such stamps are like the history of the King who is the center of the hearts of all Thai people in the land. important ceremonies, royal geniuses, royal affairs, honors His Majesty the King's Wisdom that expresses love. Caring, commitment The dedication of the Lord who ruled the land for the sake of the happiness of the Siamese people is perfect. The mission of creating stamps in honor of His Majesty the King His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej, which is considered a legacy of valuable memories for the Thai people. It is the pride of Thai postal people for all ages, as well as this time the exhibition "Stamps of Father 2493 for the Benefit of the Siamese People" is divided into 5 zones, namely Zone 1, the beginning of the happiness of Thai people, stamps that record the history of the coronation. On May 5, 2493, Zone 2 "2 His Majesty the King" Zone 3 4 Region visited the people. Zone 4 9 is made for the people, which exhibits stamps 9 royal initiatives such as Royal Rain, Screw It. The doctrine and royal initiative have benefited the nation enormously. Thailand is a world leader. In particular, the sufficiency economy philosophy should not just talk to each other according to the trend. But if one thinks and then practices, it will benefit oneself and the public this stamp exhibition. Expect youth and people to be inspired. In embracing the King's science to create sustainability that international organizations recognize as New theories and sufficiency economy philosophies that have helped Thailand develop all along. If Thai people and/or countries around the world have embraced the Royal Initiative of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej, it will bring peace to the world society. Self-sufficiency and sustainable coexistence The exhibition "Father's Stamp 2493 for the Benefit of the Siamese People" will be on display at Bangrak Central Post Office, Bangkok from June 22-31. This October, postcards and postage stamp photo cards will be accepted. King Rama IX is a souvenir. 
SRT prepares to preserve the old railway station building| State Railway of Thailand (SRT) confirms ready to preserve old railway station building After the current resistance to the renovation of the dual tram construction project. Jira-Khon Kaen rd. 17 of the 19 old railway stations were demolished as local residents voiced their opposition to the State Railway of Thailand. Preserving the old railway station building that had to be demolished for the construction of the Jira-Khon Kaen community rail project over the past 3 months. The representative of the National Railway confirmed that the conservation plan and budget will be clearer at the talk. "Towards the Future of Thai Railway Heritage" organized by Thai ICOMOS Association On June 24 at the Damrong Raja Power Conference Room. National Museum to present the importance of preserving the old railway station building, with representatives of the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) and architectural scholars attending the talk. Mr. Wanap Paisanpong Deputy Chief Engineer for Construction Special Projects and Construction Department State Railway of Thailand Confirm that from the growing stream of objections. As a result, the State Railway of Thailand will formulate a plan and budget for the preservation of the old railway station building more clearly. If the railway had to find a solution that would minimize the impact on the original building, the civil engineering department would have to take over the operation first. If you can't, you'll have to hire a contractor to take care of or maintain it." While architectural scholars emphasize that there are two types of conservation principles: first, that the original building is in the same area, it will also get the context of the original space, or the second is to dismantle it, but this method will preserve only the building but not the original space context. We have to talk about which direction to take, and then something else will follow. According to the policy of rail development with the construction of the dual track railway, which has been in operation since 2016, it was found that in the construction of the Jira-Khon Kaen dual track railway project. There are 17 of the 19 old train station buildings that will be demolished. Currently, 7 sites have been demolished, and the rest will be completed by the contractor. By October.
Found a new tourist attraction "Stalactite and stalactite cave" in Phayao Province.|Tourists and locals visit the "Tham Luang". A new large stalactite and stalactite cave in Dokkham Tai district, Phayao province has 5 rooms to accommodate 400 people, while Phayao province is preparing to promote it as a new tourist attraction today (June 29, 2017). Reporters reported that tourists and villagers in the community visited the "Tham Luang" or Two Brothers Cave. In Pang Ngun Village Nong Lom Subdistrict, Dokkham Tai District, Phayao Province, a new natural attraction that is becoming known to tourists. Information about the cave's beauty has been disseminated on social media for directions to Tham Luang. Start at Ban Pang Ngun School, walk up the hill for 1 kilometer, the path conditions are not very steep and you can stop to see the beautiful nature along the way. When you reach the Tham Luang cave area. The weather was found to be quite cool and quiet. The cave is vast, resembling 5 halls, accommodating at least 400 tourists. Very beautiful stalactites. Sparkle, sparkle. It impresses the tourists very much. Wednesday Head of House Moo 6, Nong Lom Subdistrict, Dokkham Tai District, Phayao Province, said that this cave is also a place for monks to practice. Meanwhile, Phayao province is preparing to promote it as a new tourist attraction soon.  
The charm of "omelette flowers" blooms brightly in the rainy season. |See the beauty of the flowering field In Pa Hin Ngam National Park Chaiyaphum province welcomes the rainy season with tourists to visit the beauty uninterrupted. Show off your tourists "Flowering Omelet" in Pa Hin Ngam National Park. Chaiyaphum province, feel the bouquet of blooming omelette flowers among the mountains in an area of more than 600 rai, which is considered the largest and most beautiful field of omelette flowers. The best natural attraction in Isaan by flowering omelette flowers only last 4 months from June to September every year. For the omelette flower or Pathumma or Siamese tulip is a biennial plant with rhizomes in the soil. When the rainy season begins to bloom leaves and flowers, the plant is only about 2 feet tall. It has bright pink flowers.       
Trending motorcycle rain roof Hot products during rain|Motorcycle users in Phayao province prefer to use rain canopies made from China because they can block the sun and rain well, suitable for this weather period. Today (19 July 2017) Reporters reported that motorcycle users in many areas in Phayao province. Widely mounted rainproof roof for motorcycles After all, such a device can block the sun and rain well. Dealer roof for motorcycle The rain roof is manufactured from China. This period is sold continuously due to the rain and can be rainproof better than spreading an umbrella, selling at 450-550 baht per set. Easy installation It can be attached to a motorcycle with a strap attached to the front handlebar and the other to the steel behind the car seat. After installation, it looks like a semicircle with curves covering the car, including the rider and pillion seats. The top looks like an umbrella fabric of various colors. The sides, front and back are clear plastic. The front awning area has a zipper that can be opened and closed.    
Larry, the 2017 International Snail Run Champion, won a lettuce leaf as a prize.|England hosts its annual International Snail Run Championship. With over 150 slow crawling racers participating, this year's champion Larry received a large silver jug with snail's favorite lettuce leaf as a prize today (July 18, 2017). Organizing Committee of the Annual International Snail Run Competition Release the snail from the beginning on a small round table. Before each driver begins to crawl low amid cheers around the track, converted from a cricket ground into a makeshift snail arena in Conham, Norfork. The first snail race was held here more than 60 years ago, and it has become a tradition in the Conghams. This year, more than 150 snails participated in the competition and brought smiles to the contestants and supporters alike. Some crawled on the shell of others until they fell together. While some crawl up on the shell of another. Until the finish line at the same time. This year's snail champion is Larry and Tara Beasley. The 41-year-old, who owns it, said he had been practicing well, with the winner receiving a large silver jug and snail's favorite lettuce leaf as a prize.   
"The Room to vent rage" Chic business opens for 2 months, South Koreans use more than 1,000 people |A rage-venting room business that allows users to smash and destroy their belongings to vent their emotions. In just 2 months, more than 1,000 people have visited the service today (July 25, 2017). SEOUL, China (Reuters) - The anger room business in Seoul offers a variety of price levels depending on whether customers want to destroy small objects or want to vent their emotions by destroying large objects. But you have to pay a service fee for cleaning, which in addition to helping to relieve stress. In less than two months of opening, more than 1,000 customers have visited the service, according to psychiatrists, with 53 percent of South Koreans between the ages of 20 and 30 needing to see a psychiatrist for counseling due to economic conditions. Emotional venting by using anger venting services like this. It does not adversely affect in any way.   
Open Life Night musicians, risk-takers|Known as a "night man" regardless of profession. But if you have to work with people who drink alcohol, you have to be extra careful because you don't know what mood you're going to get drunk in, when it's good or bad.
"Singer and musician" is a profession that is surrounded by drinkers. Emotions, responses. If you like the song you sing, I might have a special tip to get there. If you don't like it, The singer may have been thrown with objects in the case of "Poo Pongsit Khamphire". The famous pro-life singer was likewise threatened by Air Force fans with guns just because he refused to shake hands with him while singing in a famous pub in Amnatcharoen province, causing criticism and concern among many fans. There is a question of "night music people" who have to make a living like day people. Just being different on time, is there still security? Like I wrote an open letter. Ask the state "where is it safe?", the Thai PBS Online news team travels at night to hear the echoes of the musicians' mouths. A night singer who has experienced danger while singing. Playing music to give happiness to people It is found that creating happiness for people to consume is also at risk in life, not least finding happiness. Yotha or Pee Met, guitarist of the band Animal Party, has been playing night music for more than 25 years. Khamphi was threatened by fans while performing that in a concert show for famous artists or a big event, there will be a full team that takes care of various aspects of the sound system. Coordination of safety There is a security officer or a military inspector responsible for safety and suppression of the incident, which is thought to be caused by drunkenness causing loss of consciousness, but it is believed that it is a music fan. If a person has good taste, it will not do anything drastic. In this case, it is expected that he was drunk because he was unconscious rather than because he usually does not do this violently while performing. My band used to throw bottles on stage because they couldn't ask for a song and they didn't get what they wanted, so they would show their power because they brought a lot of them, which the whole band dodged so that the shop could be cleared." One-timers rarely find it. Most of the people I met were people in their late 30s to their 40s who started as unit leaders or had subordinates, so they wanted to show their partisans that they had power. When asking for songs, singers and musicians try to express themselves, including a group of people of color who are very partisan. Majesty is often the group that causes the crime. Most of the customers who come with their families do not cause any problems in line with Phumeth. "About 8 years ago, at a shop that played regularly in the folk band, playing as a late-night band, there were regular customers, a chill shop by the waterfront, that day a customer thought to be a colored person came to the shop with a friend and asked for a song for his friend to sing, but we didn't let him. Other than that, don't give it." There have also been dozens of cases of altercations ranging from punches and sticks to gunshots, he said. On one occasion, guns were fired in front of the store. By conflicting about guns, it was the intermediary who banned the army. Because most of the musicians have a lot of acquaintances, so they can mediate somewhat"Most drunk people often talk about women, talk to each other, challenge each other, and then escalate to work at night, even more terrifying. If there are a lot of teenagers, there is a high risk. If the shop is for working-age people, it will not be a problem. "Therefore, the solution that musicians have to do is to try to maintain a smooth atmosphere. Use some jokes to help. Depending on the technique of each band, customers who are in a hot mood will cool down and find happiness. The music industry that often has a story is bands that perform in pubs or in music stores for life, which often have violent incidents because the customers are teenagers. While restaurants that sit and listen to music in the style of pop rock folk song usually do not have problems, while country bands such as Mo Lam band are considered to have few incidents because the hiring model of organizers often hire famous Mo Lam country bands such as Poi Fai, Pear Mai Thai, Luk Bird. When there is a violent altercation that causes the show to stop, the organizer will sue for damages against the perpetrators. "There were people who had to mortgage the land to reimburse the owner of the event who had to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to the famous Mor Lam band in the Northeast. In case the show must be cancelled In addition, he said that with a music career that although it generates income quickly at the rate of 500-1,000 per hour until it seems that it is easy to earn, on the other hand, there is no health insurance system or funds, or there are external factors that make the lifestyle stable. Impact on bands and musicians In addition, a form of employment without a fixed contract makes it possible to terminate the contract. "I've been playing music since I was 16 years old, and there was a boom period with a lot of income, but there was a period when I had little work, so I went back to school until the end and my main occupation was office worker and came to play music which is a side career from our passion. In addition, the economy in the last 2-3 years has not been very good. Fewer visitors Notice that the tip money received less, including the money and tips taken home 1,000-2,000 baht each, the latter has decreased by more than 50 percent. Play more multi-store Play in a farther place by yourself playing 4 shops in Ratchaphruek Rd., Nonthaburi, Bangna, Lat Ya. Thonburi side Some friends in Bangkok have to go to play in Suphan Buri province, some people have to pick up more daytime jobs such as weddings to ordination, Naga parades, trumpet bands, in addition to night jobs, which is a good income because they play less time. As a result, the money from the gray business cycle flowing to restaurants and musicians has decreased due to the strict repression, most of which are good for suppression, but it also affects some who go to play music abroad, such as Singapore. And at the shops in Pakse or Koh Kong. Cambodia because of its good income by going to play in pubs and restaurants, which are shophouses located next to each other. These shops are located near gambling venues, such as casinos, which have a lot of money because gamblers use to pay money, while some go to music schools of Siam Motorkarn or online music lessons for 200-300 baht per hour. And YouTube has unpacked songs to teach online. Therefore, the song book did not sell well in line with Phumeth who said that musicians must know themselves, which they like to play music, but also like to cook, so they turned to open a restaurant and can do it in tandem, but still play music but focus more on the restaurant. From 1,000 baht per hour, the price was cut to 700-800 baht per hour, some down to 300-400 baht." A bowl of noodles was 10-15 baht, but now it has gone up to 40-50 baht, but the fee is still in the hundreds, and it must be a good shop. Even though the fee is 700-800 per hour, ordinary shops are 300-500 baht. There have been attempts to unite to raise the level of musicians to build bargaining power, but they have not yet been scattered." "At some point, we thought if we got older, how many restaurants would we be able to play and get older every day, so I opened my own shop where I could still play music at my own restaurant, cook my favorite dishes that customers would eat and be happy." Therefore, it is necessary to have life planning, as sometimes there may be force majeure events such as floods or major events that prevent the store from opening. Musicians have nowhere to play and must know how to save money, but if they can't, they must use it properly and maintain their health as this profession is a night job. They must get enough rest, especially sleep, which they will try to get enough rest. By quitting music. Keep the shop around 2.00 a.m. and wake up around 10.00 a.m. - 11.00 a.m. by doing this routine all the time. Take, for example, singers. If you can't sing, you don't have a job. Musicians with sore fingers can't play, they don't have jobs, so you have to be careful with yourself. "Normally, there are customers who bump into glasses when we drink, we drink a little, as a courtesy, customers are not so mean to force us, just we sip customers to be happy and feel respectful." Despite the decline in CD sales, the emergence of new artists is easy to come by. From using social media as a tool, such as alcohol bands, which are known for distributing clips, including longan, golden jars, which are famous from broadcasting live performances, until a new label contacted to take care of "Many bands at first did not care, but when they saw the views on YouTube, they pulled to the show because these bands already have a fan base. Therefore, the new generation prefers to make music and distribute it on their own channels. Instead of going in and presenting their work through the record label, Chalermpol. Chan Key, Thai PBS Online Reporter report
New Year's Eve Challenge at Ban Romklao Botanical Garden |Invite "Blanket the fog, hug the cold. Stargazing on Phu" at Ban Romklao Botanical Garden, Phitsanulok Province on 1 Nov 17 - 31 Jan 18 Today (16 Nov 2017) Mr. Charan Maknoi, Acting Head of Ban Romklao Botanical Garden Phitsanulok said that Ban Romklao Botanical Garden in collaboration with the Tourism Authority of Thailand Phitsanulok Office organized the "Fog, Hug Winter, Stargazing on the Mountain" during 1 Nov 2017 - 31 Jan 2018 Invite tourists to challenge the cold wind in the mountains. The Ban Romklao Botanical Garden was established in 1999 under the initiative of Her Majesty Queen Sirikit during the reign of King Rama IX with an elevation of 750 - 1,280 meters above sea level on an area of 1,385 rai. See the colorful vegetation on the high mountain. See traces of the history of the bunker pit Ban Romklao See the Big Moon Giant Pumpkin Cooking special herbal juices Craft items from dried plants and co-create menus with local chefs, including watching the misty sea in the morning before sunrise at the lone Kho Viewpoint that can see the scenery of 3 provinces of Thailand, namely Phitsanulok, Loei, Uttaradit, as well as the scenery of Laos in the evening. Tourists will experience the cold weather. The Ban Romklao Botanical Garden provides a tent area for those who bring their own equipment. Rental fee is THB 100 per house per night, with tent rental for 2 persons at THB 200 per house per night and tent for 4 persons at THB 350 per house per night. Bed linen can be rented at THB 100 per set per night for the convenience of tourists who want to be close to nature. In addition, tourists can immerse themselves in nature up close. As well as admire rare and endangered species of plants endemic to the high mountains such as Siamese necklace, firecrackers and firecrackers. thrush orchid, azalea You can also relax at other tourist attractions along the route, including Chattrakarn Waterfall National Park. Phu Soi Dao Station, Uttaradit Province Interested persons can ask for more information and make a reservation at the public relations event. Ban Romklao Botanical Garden, Phitsanulok, Tel. 08- 1287-4994 and Facebook Ban Romklao Botanical Garden, Phitsanulok in His Majesty's Initiative  
Tourists visit the lotus Tong field. Doi Mae U Kho|A lot of tourists. Travel to see the beauty of Bua Tong field at Doi Mae U Kho. Khun Yuam, Mae Hong Son Meanwhile, the province asks tourists to respect traffic rules. Prevent accidents today (November 20, 2017) Reporters reported that many tourists went up to visit Bua Tong field at Doi Mae U Kho. Mae U Kho Khun Yuam, Mae Hong Son This results in hours-long traffic jams as most drivers do not respect traffic rules. Therefore, the province encourages everyone who visits to visit the Tong Lotus and Doi Mae U Kho to drive with caution and refrain from overtaking in curves. For the safety of tourists. In addition, Khun Yuam District asks accommodation and restaurant operators, as well as street food stalls, to sell products at fair prices to tourists. For tourists who travel up to see the Tong lotus field on Doi Mae U Kho. Most of them are Thai tourists from various provinces in all regions of the country, including residents of Mae Hong Son province, which this year has more tourists than every year, especially on weekends. Visitors can see the beauty of the Bua Tong field until early December.   
Phu Hin Rong Kla prepares camping ground. As many as 100,000 tourists are expected this year.|Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park Prepare a camping ground to accommodate 5,000 tourists a day, expecting this year's tourist season to experience cold weather as many as 100,000 people today (November 23, 2017), reporters reported that Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park officials in Phitsanulok province. Build a raised bamboo litter for pitching tents. 180-degree viewpoint area, including 8 points to prevent moisture from grass dew. It is expected that such spots will give tourists a sense of privacy. Head of Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park Confirming that the park is now 100% ready to welcome tourists during the winter season, it has prepared accommodation for 350 people, restaurants, camping grounds, etc. There are enough toilets, toilets and parking spaces for tourists, along with lifeguards, as well as the establishment of a special operation center with white roses to take care of lady tourists. If you need help 24 hours a day. Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park can accommodate 5,000 tourists per day, and it is expected that this year's tourist season will bring more than 100,000 tourists to experience the cold weather at Phu Hin Rong Kla. There are other tourist spots such as broken stone courtyard, button stone courtyard, Pha Chu Thong. School of Politics  
Piercing the heart of freelancers "Rawiwan", the turning point from a full-time employee to a career that meets the needs of life|"Freelancing" is a dream career for independent lovers, but for Rawiwan, who loves his homeland, there is a turning point from changing the employment system and wanting to study for a master's degree to a career that meets the needs of more than a full-time job. You can choose to accept a job. If life and time are allotted well enough. No matter how urgent the task is, you can handle it comfortably and freely in the sense that you can go anywhere. They can work anywhere and have the right to refuse or not accept a job. If we don't want to, At first, I worked as a full-time journalist at a news agency, but I decided to work freelance because the company changed the employment system and wanted to study for a master's degree. The other is artwork or photoshop, book illustration, poster, design, but actually has a degree in political science. Major in Politics and Government Freelance comes from learning everything. The reason for learning is because I think that if you want to survive in this industry, you have to do many things, for example, if someone hires a journalist, they will ask if they want to make a composite picture. Let's say it's a double package. No need to hire anyone else. No job deals. You don't have to brief your new job, you have to have a portfolio with you all the time, you can put up your mail or something, but when you meet someone, who says you work this style? If you have a job, you can tell us, and when you get an urgent job, for example, there will be a job that helps you a little bit without someone to do it anymore, you will take the job first, you may have to lose a little bit because you have to work across the day, but the next job he will start calling for us, we have to negotiate, or maybe take a double job, you have to see that for example, graphics can be done quickly, which can be stacked with journalism, it will look at the scale of assembly work, and most of the time will take a lot of work first, because I am afraid that some period may not have a job, I have to manage the network, and most of the time customers will have word of mouth, if there is income coming in, it will deduct about 10 percent into the savings account, that is, there must be at least 6 months of reserves. Let's say it's expensive to go to a coffee shop every day. But if you go to the university library, you don't have to pay. There are a lot of ways to save money, which I see a lot of freelancers using university libraries to work on, and now that the downtown area is open all night, which is okay, I was scared at one point. Need to plan At first, it was a bit twisted because there was no work at all. Tuition fees have to be paid, you have to use your savings, but once you become fluent, you have to make plans, such as when to do thesis or study alone. I have to take it lightly and get a lot of work in order to keep it going to next month, and I have to divide short-term and long-term jobs. If you do a lot of artwork Can I have it for half a year? I will gradually send 1 piece a month. And most importantly, health. Freelance people need health insurance because if they are sick, they will spend a lot of money, but no matter what profession they do, they should have health insurance or social security on their own and exercise regularly. Personally, exercise by running. Keep the hospital to a minimum. In addition Being a freelancer requires investing a lot in equipment itself, such as having to buy a macbook, mouse, pen, if going to a place without internet, you have to buy a emitter. If you want a job, you have to accept it first and then negotiate whether to increase or decrease anything at first. He asked if it would be stable. But we explained to him what the pros and cons are. How to manage and see that we can live, he is okay. Which is not forced to work in the civil service. Even though he has a degree in political science. Before freelancing, I told him that I quit my job to tell him what problems there was at work. And we will study. Limitations apply If you work freelance, you can come home and get your job done. When he heard that you were going home, he didn't mind, maybe I'm Chinese, at least you came home to see my college friends in a group with us as freelancers. But about 50 percent of friends from other groups or outside know are freelancers. Freelancers have their own communities. Let's say someone contacts us but can't work in time, I'll find someone for you, keep the client, and then we contact ourselves, maybe get a percentage and still retain the customer. We have to get the job checked first or we'll lose customers. The freelance industry is like this for everyone. In the first period without a job, I used to get a job from a freelancer who couldn't catch up and let us go to work and deal with the client ourselves. If I had a master's degree and went on to a PhD, I wouldn't have become a freelancer, I would have been a professor. I still accept freelance jobs, but may reduce the workload, maybe close the book and then come to accept the job because I feel that if one day I spend more money and the full-time job is not enough, I have to try to retain the client, or at least find someone for me or still be in contact with him. Don't forget. If the company doesn't have us, he can find someone else to replace him. The important thing is to become a freelancer. When we have an autograph, we sell it. However, I have just found a new job for less than 1 week, a long-term project for 10 months, but I still do not plan to work full-time. If you finish this project, you may pick up a job with a project duration of less than 1 year like that, which may result in comparisons like some friends who work full-time will complain that they feel that they are not using their potential at all. While freelancing is always developing potential to have clients, which is seen as motivating, and seeing university professors and freelancers as having a common point is that you need to develop your potential throughout Mina. Boonmee, Thai PBS Online Reporter
See the majesty of "Wat Chaiyawattanaram", an ancient World Heritage Site.|Thai and foreign tourists come to see the history and architecture of Wat Chaiyawattanaram. The temple was built in the late Ayutthaya period, which was built by the Fine Arts Department, Ministry of Culture. It is open to the public for free as a New Year's gift during December 30, 2017. Until 2 Jan 2018Today(31 May 2018) (Dec. 2017) Reporters reported that the atmosphere at Wat Chaiyawattanaram Ban Pom Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya One of the important archaeological sites of the historic city of Ayutthaya. The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Site is gradually attracted by Thai and foreign tourists. Today is the 2nd day at the Department of Fine Arts, Ministry of Culture. It is open to the public for free as a New Year's gift during December 30, 2017. Until January 2, 2018 for Wat Chaiyawattanaram is an old temple in the late Ayutthaya period in Phra Nakhon Si province Ayutthaya on the banks of the Chao Phraya River. On the west side outside the island, Wat Chaiyawattanaram was built in 2173 by King Prasat Thong. He had to build it on the site of his original home to dedicate to his mother, but Her Majesty the King assumed that this temple was built as a memorial of the victory over the neighboring city, modeled after Angkor Wat Castle. This temple is the burial place of Chao Fa Tham Thibet (Chao Fa Kung). The late Ayutthaya poet with Prince Sangwan, who had to be penalized until his death during the reign of King Hua Boromkos as well.               
"Thung Namui Bridge", Nakhon Nayok Province, Chill Thai Way|Opening of the new tourist attraction "Thung Namui Bridge" Sarika Nakornnayok Create a selling point back the Thai way to urban people for tourists to learn through the S-shaped bamboo bridge. The 150-meter-long farm plot in the midst of nature and teaching farming and self-reliant vegetable gardening has become a new landmark popular for people who like to smell the fields today (January 14, 2018). Reporters reported that tourists who like nature and experience the Thai way of life. Now, Nakhon Nayok province is having a new tourist attraction that has become a check-in point for travelers called Thung Nam Nui Bridge. Sarika Especially on holidays, more than 300-500 tourists a day visit here, Thung Namui Bridge is a long bamboo bridge winding in the shape of an S. Approximately 150 meters long, stretched across the verdant rice fields of more than 2 rai of the family of Uncle Aod Youngsak, the owner of this farm, Ms. Prapaporn Youngsaksak or Kwan, a representative of the natural farming group. Uncle Aod's daughter said that in the past, villagers called this area "Mui Rice Fields" because this area is full of nettles when flooding. Had to detour the street. Instead of cutting through the fields to their own fields, the idea was to make a bridge not bamboo for people to travel more conveniently. There are groups of cyclists and tourists staying in the resorts around here. Seeing that it is beautiful, it was taken to word of mouth until it became a new natural way tourist spot, now it has developed a group of villagers to make a tourist spot and learn back the local way to the people of the city. In addition to haystacks and rice plants, there are also local produce such as coconut and vegetable garden. Local cuisine For example, teaching tourists how to grow vegetables and kitchen gardens for tourists to grow and harvest their own produce to eat, as well as reducing the use of foam to reduce waste by using banana leaves to make krathong for food to reduce waste from now on more than 2 months from now on. It will be open to harvesters, allowing locals and tourists to experience the farmer's way of doing it for themselves. Stories and images mohammed ab aziz Thai PBS Online 
Where to visit for Children's Day?|Children's Day this year Get ready for a special activity that your kids will have fun with. Enjoyment and a lot of knowledge from agencies both in Bangkok and upcountry. Thai PBS Online has gathered a place for the whole family to enjoy together on Saturday, January 13, Government House invited children to take pictures of their desks, sit in the Prime Minister's chair, and participate in various activities such as robot assembly, car design, etc. Automated robot activities, humanoid robots, virtual museums, digital archive systems, Ramayana games, fun activities. Invite to try Robot Brain Mobile Navigation Simulator Trainer Activity  Free haircuts are provided. Oral health check-up Teaching First Aid and Resuscitation Teaching & Learning Activities The highlight of this year was "Standy", a portrait of the Prime Minister, with a total of 17 actions placed at various points for everyone to take a commemorative photo of the Ministry of Education. Under the concept of "Good boy, good boy." Open from 07.00-17.00 hrs. Moral Heart Zone 2 Thai Kids Heart of Unity: Zone 3: Thai children are scientifically literate and Zone 4: Thai children are technologically literate to create happiness, fun, open new experiences, learn and act through activities that strengthen children and youth to be good citizens. The Royal Thai Air Force held a one-day event in Thai airspace filled with Thai children's dreams for endless adventures. THE T-50TH GOLDEN EAGLE FIGHTER JET, ALONG WITH MANY SOUVENIRS AT THE NATIONAL AIR FORCE AND AVIATION MUSEUM AND SPECIAL EVENTS, ATTEND THE AIR SHOW OF VARIOUS TYPES OF AIRCRAFT AT 601 SQUADRON 6 FROM 08.15 – 14.50 HRS. Held Children's Day at the 2nd Cavalry Brigade Royal Guard (Gen. M.2 Ro.) Sanam Pao. The event will feature displays of new and modernized armaments and aircraft alongside stage performances. Outdoor activities for children to enjoy Enrich your imagination to the fullest. Meanwhile, the Royal Thai Navy organized activities for children to visit the Royal Thai Navy in various units throughout Thailand, PBS invites them to visit the National Children's Day event "Thai PBS Kid's Day 2018 at 08.00 - 15.00 hrs. Vibhavadi-Rangsit Rd. Discover activities from children's programs such as Kid Rangers, an operation for thoughtful children to enjoy thinking about the science stories that surround them. Ourselves, Fun Milk Movement Activities for baby teeth Play and dance with Em nimble, sharp, soft, little flying master. Invent a model airplane that can be controlled and fly from our own inventions, Kids Club. Set up a miniature garden in terracotta pots and make the world's only T-shirt from our craft, teach art. Meet Joe Prepare a picture frame for art teaching TV and art teaching TV book, rice pot curry, cooking savory food and desserts from our own craftsmanship, ensuring that the stomach is hungry Jock Jock of course, Kid's Catch Up with the News, become a news announcer, try reading the news and learn how the news team works and many other programs. Invite all families to find fun, decipher the Thai identity through playing with ancient traditions, replicating various traditions for children to get to know the room-inspired play activities. "Thai Traditions" by Thai traditions prepared for everyone to enjoy. Long boat race, tenth month and Ching Pret ceremony, buffalo running, Songkran tradition, Khao Mao tradition and open to everyone to see the permanent exhibition. "Decoding Thai" series This event is free all day long, enjoy activities from 9.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. at the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment. Under the theme "Save the forest, conserve the sea, conserve animals and marine animals" at the activity area. Dusit Zoo, Bangkok, with many activities, including a learning base for trees planted in King Rama 10, a learning base for planting forests in people's hearts. Wildlife is learned, including rare and extinct marine species. Orchid and tree planting activities Volunteer activity to sort garbage and see rare sea creatures There are also special activities for all children to visit the zoo and participate in the Children's Day event for free throughout the day with fun activities to win various types of prizes, including knowledge, games, and prizes, including free park access tickets, as well as music from guest artists and the team of "Payakkapail, Phaya Tiger, Great White Shark" from the National Park Department as a gift for everyone. Organized "Science Road" under the concept of "Little Scientists, Following in the Footsteps of the Father of Thai Science" Open your home to young people Learn and have fun with various activities such as the exhibition 150 years of the Wagor Solar Eclipse, the activity of making masks to see the sun, the Science watch, learn about the history of time in Thailand and challenge your skills by making timers from designated materials, equipment, Enjoy Maker Space activity on rockets in space. Design and fabricate rocket parts powered by rubber bands. The invention of a simple handheld star projector Activity: Little eggs sting ants Using science to improve eggshells to be able to repel ants, Fruit caviar activities make fruit juice into fish roe, make jelly fish roe from juice by yourself, ready to take home from 09.00 – 17.00 hrs. Bangkok Art and Culture Centre Join the Children's Art Day @BACC 2018 under the title "Children's Playground Adventure" for a day with the transformation of the Bangkok Art Gallery into a playground for learning for youth from 10.00-18.00 hrs. The highlight of the event is that you will be amazed at the transformation of the BACC building into an art playground for you to have adventures and venture out. Have fun outside the box with art-based and creative activities. Various forms for children to design, experiment and do by themselves, a total of 9 bases, such as inventing robots. Enjoy more than 7 sets of performances prepared to create color and give happiness to children to the fullest. Musicals, pantomime, folk performances and much more. Organize activities for young scientists to follow in the footsteps of the Father of Thai Science At the event, there will be fun activities such as a pin honoring King Rama IV, a pinhole camera, a solar eclipse model, a dazzling constellation, a star map, and fun activities such as a science laboratory, a little scientist's house. All activities are free and there are many prizes to giveaway at the 4th floor and the activity area of the glass elevator hall, G floor from 10.00-18.00 hrs. Thai Red Cross Society Invite children to join the activity to learn about the Thai Red Cross Society through knowledge pamphlets. Watch snake venom rolling shows and videos Demonstration of catching various kinds of snakes by snake farm, Saowapha Paper Doll Activity Booth Dress up paper dolls in doctors' and nurses' costumes by the Museum of the Thai Red Cross Society First aid education activities by the First Aid and Health Training Center and dental check-up and sealant filling services are provided by mobile dental vehicles. From the Office of Relief and Public Protection and take photos with the cute Sufficiency Family mascot from 08.30-15.30 hrs. The Thai Red Cross Society of the Agricultural Museum organized "Children of Thailand Carry on His Majesty's Resolution" from 07.00 – 15.00 hrs at MADO Pavilion on Phaholyothin Road and inside the Agricultural Museum in honor of His Majesty the King opposite Karunvej Hospital, Pathum Thani Province. Come and learn to do good deeds for the land, continue and preserve the royal aspirations. Learn Thai agricultural practices from theory to practice, happiness and fun through Walk Rally activities. Learn to follow in the footsteps of his 70-year-old father, "King of Agriculture", watch 3D animated movies, games in the way of agriculture, enjoy sweet and savory food all day long. Invite children to join the event at Ripe Orange Plaza From 08.00-12.00 hrs., you can enjoy art activities from waste and natural materials. Green activities, musical performances from youth Perform special performances from the mascots of Royal Park Rajapruek, participate in various games, win prizes, and see millions of winter flowers. Children under 15 years old can enter the Science Center for Education and celebrate National Children's Day from 9.00 am. Answering scientific problems to win prizes, scientific inventions, candy giveaways and prizes, as well as indoor and outdoor exhibitions, mobile planetariums and astronomical exhibitions. Korat Regional Observatory or MTS Observatory "Fun to think, fun to learn" from 09.00 a.m. onwards, with many activities including planetary exploration, wind rocket race, painting, and evening observatory in honor of His Majesty the King to open telescopes in the sky together from 6.30 p.m. onwards. The 50th Anniversary Museum of Natural History organized Children's Day activities from 08.30 a.m. – 03.00 p.m. at the Faculty of Science, Prince of Songkla University. There are many activities at the event, including biomimicry exhibitions and activities. Researchers tell us about the birth of a new species. Ecological Services Let's get to know crabs and activities Teaching cartoon drawing, making brooches Plaster painting and quizzes for prizes for children and families who want to travel to participate in this year's National Children's Day activities. BTS Skytrain It is open for National Children's Day free of charge from 06.00-24.00 hrs. Free rides on the BTS Skytrain on all routes, including stations in the extension, which normally excludes fares for children under 90cm in height. Meanwhile, the MRT is free of charge on both lines, Chalerm Ratchamongkol Line (Blue Line) and Chalong Ratchatham Line (Purple Line). For children under 14 years old and under 140 cm in height, just show up at the ticketing office to receive a free BTS coupon at MRT Hua Lamphong Station and Nonthaburi Civic Center Station from 08.00 – 15.00 hrs.
Yellow "Supannikar flower" bloomed Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok Road|See the beauty of Supanniga flowers The flowers of Nakhon Nayok province bloom bright yellow. On Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok Road Refresh road users during January-February.  Today (January 20, 2018), reporters reported that for those traveling to Nakhon Nayok province by using Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok road. Ongkharak will be especially refreshed because now the Supannikar tree, the provincial tree, is planted on an island in the middle of the road along the route. Entering Nakhon Nayok city has yellow flowers in full bloom, especially during the winter period from January to February this year. Supannikar flower or Kham cotton flower is a deciduous perennial plant 5-10 meters tall and blooms in bunches at the ends of yellow branches. Show off the beauty of bright yellow flowers. Delight drivers on this route                                
Embrace the "Sea of Fog" at Khao Kho, Phetchabun Province|Colorful sea of clouds On Khao Kho, Phetchabun Province, during the last bend of winter, tourists come to experience fresh and beautiful.
Today (21 Jan 2018) Reporters reported that the atmosphere at Khao Kho viewpoint. Khao Kho District, Phetchabun Province is especially busy. Many tourists come to see the beauty. Take photos embracing the sea of white mist in the morning that covers the Kho mountain range. Contrast with the beautiful colors of the flowering winter flower beds blooming in the cool weather of only 21 degrees Celsius. As a result, community shops where farmers bring local produce to sell, including carrots and strawberries collected from fresh plots for children to sell to tourists to buy back as souvenirs for Khao Kho. Phetchabun province is one of the 55 provinces by the government by the Ministry of Tourism and Sports. Promote secondary tourism projects where tourists can bring their tourism receipts for tax deduction.               
Donsak hospital director doesn't skimp on formulas to distribute "prescriptions" to treat popular diseases |Acting Director of Donsak Hospital distributes prescriptions for popular medical conditions of Thai people through his personal Facebook page. Hope everyone is healthy free of charge. Today (27 Jan 2018) The reporter reported that Dr. Pirakit Wongvichit, a specialist doctor. Acting Director of Donsak Hospital Donsak District, Donsak District, Suratthani Province Posting a picture with a message on Facebook "Piragit Wongwichit" that prescriptions without drugs can be shared. Do not skimp on the drug formulation with its content on the prescription. - Run 3 kilos a day, 4 days a week, control diet (no fasting), blood pressure medication - Refrain from salty foods, run/walk. 30 minutes a day, 4 days a week Diabetes medication - Refrain from sugary foods, exercise, walk/run 4 days a week Fat loss medication - Refrain from fried / oily foods Exercise, walking/running 4 days a week Summary: Exercise regularly, stay healthy.   
Bonhomme shines on U.S. warship Richard|The U.S. Navy unveiled the first Bonhomme Richard (LHD-6) warship to participate in Cobra Gold 2018 at Long Beach. The U.S. Navy today (February 15, 2018) brought the media on board the USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD-6) (Bone Home Richard), which the United States Navy led to participate in Cobra Gold 2018 for the first time in Thailand and will participate in tactical troops training at Long Beach. The USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD-6) is a large amphibious attack vessel with a displacement of 40,500 tons, a length of 257 meters, a maximum speed of 20 knots, carrying 1,800 troops and 1,298 crew members.  Amphibious parking For Cobra Gland 2018, the 1st Army Region, 2nd Army Region and the Upper Gulf of Thailand were the main training areas. During February 13-23, read more news Opening Ceremony of Cobra Gold 2018                              
If you're in the woods, How do soldiers live?|Train Cobra Gold, simulate survival in the wild, teach you how to spot poisonous animals. What foods can be eaten and how to find natural drinking water today (19 February 2018) The Combined Training Command Cobra Gold 2018 by the Reconnaissance Battalion, Marine Corps Division, conducted jungle livelihood training with Thai and U.S. Marine Corps troops. 30 U.S. soldiers, 18 Koreans, and 20 Thai soldiers aimed to equip the trained troops with knowledge and understanding and ability to live in the jungle. In case of not being able to obtain additional food supplies from enemy siege and allowing troops to obtain natural food, this exercise taught to observe which plants are edible and which are not. Finding natural drinking water, making traps, as well as observing poisonous and non-venomous animals such as snakes and scorpions. Keeping animals safe, including building fires for cooking and warming. Trekking techniques Finding and building accommodation This is to enable trained personnel to effectively apply their knowledge to local operations or emergencies for Cobra Gold. Running from Feb. 13-23, the 37th edition is the largest joint military exercise in Southeast Asia, which the Royal Thai Armed Forces and U.S. Pacific Forces jointly host annually in Thailand.           
Tourists flock to the giant straw puppet festival Mahasarakham|Mahasarakham Province Held the first festival of giant straw puppets and rice puppet doctors. Hope to promote creative tourism Open the art platform to youth and the public. Show off your skills in a giant straw puppet making competition. Today, (February 20, 2018), reporters reported that people and tourists attended the 1st Mahasarakham Straw Straw Puppet Festival 2018 organized by the Mahasarakham Tourism Association and was persuaded by Mr. Preecha Karun or Kru Xiang. Doctor Lam Puppet Rice Instructor A group of angel children, who made giant straw puppets in the middle of the field. An area of more than 10 rai or called Kantana Theatre or Home Theatre Thongsri Uppatham, Ban Nong No Tai, T. Nadoon, A. Nadoon, Mahasarakham Province, close to the Nadoon Relic. Each straw puppet attracts the attention of tourists and can vote for their favorite straw puppet. In addition, there is a display of rice puppets, as well as a show of the "Angel Children's Troupe", which is a puppet doctor made from glutinous rice baskets. It was founded by Teacher Xiang, who invited children in the community to rehearse their performances. He made good use of his free time by using folk tales to illustrate the role of Mor Lam, such as Sangsilp Chai Ongkulimal until he had the opportunity to perform at the World Puppet Festival in 2014 and won back the award.  
The operation to destroy the salvage "mine" was successful. |Thailand-U.S. Armed Forces participate in mine clearing exercises In the middle of the forest, Ban Tha Sai area. In Cobra Gold 2018 today (February 20, 2018) Lt. Gen. Sittipol Nimnuan, Director of the National Mine Operations Center, visited Soldiers of the 2nd Humanitarian Mine Disposal Operation, the Royal Thai Army, and U.S. Army soldiers participated in the successful mine destruction exercise. In the middle of the forest, Ban Tha Sai area. Nong Klat To strengthen good relations between soldiers and to ensure the safety of people in the area from mines in the Thai-Cambodian border area. The operation was part of the 37th Cobra Gold 2018 exercise from Feb. 13-23.            
"Nong Prapapleen" reveals behind the scenes of London Fashion Week 2018 |The 11-year-old Thai attended London Fashion Week 2018 in England and hit a professional makeup artist's shoulder. Today, (February 21, 2018), Thai PBS had the opportunity to interview Dr. Nattanan Sanunrat or Nong Prae Beauty Blogger. The 11-year-old, who owns the page "Nong Praepa Plearn" while studying makeup in the UK and had the opportunity to attend London Fashion Week 2018 by applying makeup to 4 foreign models, said that applying makeup to foreigners is quite difficult because the face shape and skin tone are different from Thais, but she tries her best. Working with foreigners at Fashion Week Although there are some words that are difficult to understand, it is not an obstacle for her to learn about this experience, she loved makeup from the age of 3 until she was 5 years old. Send the product to Nong Prae for review just like other beauty bloggers. 
Close the scene. Cobra Gold 18 Training " Real Ammunition Training "|Conclude Cobra Gold 18 at Naval Training Field No. 16, Ban Chanthakhelm, Chanthaburi Province, with a demonstration of tactical exercises with live ammunition and a full display of military equipment. Today (23 Feb 2018) Gen. Thanchaiyayan Srisuwan Commander-in-Chief and Vice Admiral Harry B Harris co-chaired the closing ceremony of Cobra Gold 18 at Naval Training Field No. 16, Ban Chanthakhelm, Chanthaburi Province, along with a demonstration of live ammunition tactical exercises (CALFEX) and an exhibition of ordnance equipment. Troops and equipment from the Royal Thai Armed Forces More than 1,200 U.S. Armed Forces and Republic of Korea Armed Forces participated in the exercise. High ground infiltration, sniper Air interception flight, artillery preparatory and support fire, artillery path opening, artillery movement, air strike. Close Air Support Major equipment participating in the exercise included the M60A3 tank, an amphibious assault vehicle. F-16 fighter jets Alpha Jet fighter Black Hawk helicopter MI-17 helicopter from the Royal Thai Army F-18 and F-16 fighter jets Black Hawk Chinook helicopter Amphibious attack vehicle M777 cannon from the United States Army South Korea's military's 155-millimeter amphibious assault vehicle and 155-millimeter cannon for the Cobra Gold exercise is the largest military exercise in Southeast Asia. The Cobra Gold exercise has been a great success. To develop the capability of the troops of the participating countries and to be a center for the exchange of academic, doctrinal and technical learning. It also enhances the experience of Thai and allied army personnel in joint operations. It reflects our commitment to strengthen cooperation and good relations with each other in order to maintain stability and mutual interests of the region as a whole. 
Playing on your phone before bedtime, life changing, risk of "insomnia"    |Nowadays, we often use mobile phones or tablets most of the time, especially before bedtime, which if used accumulated for a long time, may increase the risk of insomnia and affect lifestyle. Using mobile phones or tablets to watch series, play games, or use social media is still a popular activity among the younger generation. The use of these devices at night can result in neglect of sleep, which is one of the causes of insomnia and lack of sleep, which if accumulated for a long time will result in decreased concentration in studying or working. Affected persons Providing the same information that not getting enough sleep causes life problems"After the mobile book, it will feel difficult to fall asleep. When you sleep a little the next day, you will not have energy to live." When you fall asleep in the morning, you will wake up late and will not be able to study in time." According to statistics, 1 in 3 people suffer from insomnia, with the majority of cases occurring in the elderly more than other ages, which is caused by physical and mental illnesses. Medication for certain diseases, inappropriate sleep habits. If you do not sleep for more than half an hour for 1-2 weeks consecutively, you should immediately see a doctor for a thorough examination. Doctors have warnings about cell phone use.  tablet or computer. Do not spend time or time before bedtime, as the light from the screen changes the life clock and increases the risk of disease.  
See the cute animals of various kinds "Khao Kheow Open Zoo" |Watch the cute friends of different breeds "Chao Rambutan-Chao Cotton", a buffalo bear and a white tiger who became friends at Khao Kheow Open Zoo, Chonburi Province.
Visitors can play and feed a variety of wild animals including elephants, giraffes, hippopotamuses, antelopes up close today. (March 2018) Magha Bucha Day A holiday where many families come to learn and see the cuteness of more than 100 species of wild animals at Khao Kheow Open Zoo in Chonburi province with cute wild animals. Show off to tourists a chance to experience up close. Whether it can be fed harmlessly, such as elephants, antelopes, hippopos, temus. Giraffes and lemurs come out to play on a private island with trees and houses for these little ones to live happily. Best friends of different species who can live together without hurting each other at Khao Kheow Open Zoo. There is also an elephant show in a large tank that appeals to children who want to see wildlife up close. Need to find time during the holidays to travel, guaranteed to have fun and happiness back to the fullest. (Photo courtesy of Kasipat Laddamaneroj)               
Closing the 28-year legend of "Chiang Mai News"|People's news consumption habits have changed from the previous ones and online media is increasingly popular. This makes it the largest local newspaper in the North. Like Chiang Mai News. Announced to end publication on March 5, employees bind Chiang Mai News newspaper. Expedite the binding of each page of the newspaper into editions. But after March 5 onwards, this newspaper will no longer be available in newsstands due to the discontinuation of the publication of Sarawut Saeteaw, executive director of Chiang Mai News newspaper. Nowadays, the popularity of reading newspapers has decreased considerably. Therefore, the format must be changed according to the trend to online media instead, which will reduce production costs and increase the readership base more widely. Thai News Newspaper Editor In the past, the production cost burden was more than 10 baht per issue, but only 5 baht per copy was sold. In the past 5 years, more than 40,000 copies were published per day, but the popularity of reading newspapers has declined, so the production volume has been reduced gradually, now to less than 20,000 copies per day. Assoc. Prof. Korawan Krittaworakan Head of Academic Office, Faculty of Mass Communication, Chiang Mai University, views that the problem of the print media crisis that has arisen Not only the big media, but the local media are also affected. In the future, it is expected to gradually close more. Teaching and learning needs to be reshaped to match current and future media. Chiang Mai News is a local newspaper that has been publishing news in the northern region for more than 28 years.  
This semester's break. Chiang Mai kids hit haircut with "superhero" pattern |Barber shop Chiang Mai Create colorful school holidays to please students and teenagers. Launched a superhero carving haircut service after creating a buzz by cutting a carved hair in the shape of a black panther for customers. To reflect on the society demanding justice in the shooting of the black panther in the wild Thung Yai Naresuan on the west coast and calling for an end to hunting wild animals. Lao Hua Ban Tawai Branch Mr. Nopporn Yoonprayoon, 37, made a splash again by opening a haircut service with the image of superheroes from movies that are loved by children and teenagers, such as Iron Man Batman. Spider-Man, to please students during the school holidays, appeared to have attracted a lot of attention from customers who were students who flocked to use the service, Mr. Nopporn said that during the school holidays, the service has been offered to cut hair with superhero patterns for students including teenagers because they understand that the school holidays are an opportunity for many children to express themselves. A haircut is an expression where customers can choose a superhero pattern according to their preference. If you need any superhero designs, you can design them, but you need to inform and reserve in advance for rates starting at 200 baht. If it is a small child, it may take more time. Customers are now paying attention and receiving a large number of services. Many people also choose to cut their hair in the shape of a panther.
You want to know? What do Thai women "ride horses" abroad use?|"Horse riding" is a popular word in the popular drama. Explaining the management of menstruation in Thailand women in the past, but how for women around the world has evolved menstrual management. It has become the sanitary napkin we are familiar with today. Smash coconut husks in cloth to absorb menstrual blood or "ride horses." The scenes in the drama Buppesannias reflect the monthly management of Thai women in the Ayutthaya period. Thai women ride horses, but medieval Western women used rags to support menstrual blood, called "on the rag", or some did not use any lining devices. In addition to the clothes that are being worn, even if there is no clear information. Historians believe that Egyptian women used papilus paper. Menstrual blood lining In addition, materials that are readily available in areas such as moss. Grass, wool and rags are also used.Kanittha Kanthavijaya, an independent scholar, says that the belief in menstruation is global and is a universal fear, especially in old societies where technology was not so good. Such is the case in India. Women with menstruation are prohibited from entering the kitchen, especially not touching the pickle jar because it is believed to cause pickles to rot. In 1850, menstrual aprons were invented, made of rubber, to be worn between underwear and outer dress, but they were not very popular. Sponges were used to absorb menstrual blood and as a contraceptive device, but when it comes to the origin of "military blood absorbing bandages" during World War I, many brands of disposable sanitary napkins were used. There is a problem with absorbing stains because it is tied to the belt. As a result, many women still use the same absorbent fabric. As the evolution of sanitary napkins from the past to the present is progressing and becoming more diverse. Independent Scholars According to him, sanitary napkins are innovations and technologies that change social roles and overcome women's physical limitations. Although most women today have access to menstrual management products, many women still do not have access to sanitary napkins.
"Suan Thai Pattaya" Chonburi's new tourist attraction|Pattaya Thai Garden invites tourists to dress up in Thai costume to experience the new attractions of Chonburi province. Free admission from today – 8 April 2018Today (3 April 2018) Reporters reported that Pattaya Thai Garden is a new tourist attraction in Chonburi. It took more than 14 months to construct and was built from the concept of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Science for Sustainable Development and His Majesty the King's Airak Cold Relief Project, which will be a place to educate and relax tourists in the Thai garden. The area of 250 rai consists of a 99-meter-long tunnel of Thai trees, a Buddha Hall that gathers Buddha images in 9 temples nationwide. On the side, there is an elephant camp in which Thai gardens are open for tourists to ride elephants for free, along with a cruise to see the beauty of the Thai garden and experience the Thai way of life by the waterfront. Part of the event was organized as a story about the King's science so that tourists could learn about the sufficiency economy. Now - 8 April 2018   
"Blossoms Niwas" Creating opportunities in the flickering light of the Thai book industry|Thai PBS Online brings together the concept of creating opportunities in the sluggish Thai book industry through the perspective of "Kawiya Naowaprateep", the author of the novel Buppesin Niwat, which has created a phenomenon in the Thai book industry again. With the belief that "people do not buy books to read alone" novels. On "Blossoms Niwas" It was first published with Happy Banana Publishing in 2010, but it has been able to sell continuously. We have published 93 copies and about 100,000 copies, which is a phenomenon that no book in our publisher has ever had so many reprints. In just 3 months, in addition to textbooks, in January they will be published to stock tens of thousands, but when the drama is on the air, the store is sold out and orders start gradually coming in. When we saw the numbers, we were shocked too. I had to rush to print 3 days, 20,000 copies. At that time, turning to any direction in the printing house, I found only Buppae Sanniwat full of the phenomenon that people dressed in Thai costumes or went to places according to the drama in Thailand. We feel like it's very novel, but if it's Korean, They've been doing it for a long time, so I'm glad we got a chance to get there. Because now it's not just Thai people who are interested, foreigners look at Korean, Chinese, Russian subtitles, it's not just a print, it's a pack, tourism, culture. The Ministry of Culture has the opportunity to allow other fictions to do this because our country's economy is not just a stagnant book business. If everyone gets all sectors, it's good, selling anything that is integrated, selling it as a pack, it makes it beneficial for everyone now. Stores can be a little discouraged because the economy is stagnant, sales are bad, and there are no books that keep the publishing business buzzing. The bestseller is a wake-up call for more people to come back and read. We can sell novels. Because it is a historical novel, customers want to know about history. Curious about the characters in the story that actually exist. He went looking for books to continue reading, these types of novels have few authors, and people who would digest history and write it into a cheating story. The story of love and making it easy to understand requires a lot of skill, like Buddhist Niwas, it is considered to bring history to explain in very simple language. If you read it in fiction form, you will find that teenage language is very approachable. You can read it at any age, so you're going to be honest with this guy. Children can read. Adults read well, so it caused this kind of buzz, we have to admit that the customers who were magazines disappeared quite a lot. Because advertising in online media is exciting, exciting, and better done. Textbook Division Fiction books are still possible, but we must develop production potential and product quality to meet the needs of customers and readers. Customers will be asked if they want this kind of work, what kind of covers do you have, and how do you have the techniques to make a book stand out from the bookshelf? Is paper available in texture? Most of them have to focus on service tasks that require more homework and be a mentor to clients during this period of lack of books. Books and e-books are considered different markets because books are a market for people in the country, but e-books are people who live abroad and people who have a lifestyle. City people live in condos. If he doesn't have a place to store books, he'll buy them as e-books, but the e-book market has grown noticeably lately. Books are hard to find, but if you ask if you want to reconcile the books, I must say that people who read books want to keep them. Therefore, the volume of books is still going, e-books are still running, which is considered a supportive business because people think that "books are like collectibles". If people only want content, they will turn to e-books because they do not waste storage space. But if people buy books during this period of consumer behavior, people will look at the line of collectibles. When he chooses a book, he has to look at the package. See everything at the SEAL Book Publishing House. We don't seal because we're afraid of readers opening it inside, but we seal because readers fear that the book will crease or defect and be unattractive. Therefore, the production of books must meet the needs of more readers. In addition to selling books in boxes, readers will buy sets with boxes, premium items, postcards, bookmarks or souvenirs, all of which customers will care about and want everyone to believe that we do what is good, right, and give something to society. There's a lot of books on the market lately. In addition to seeing what it gives to society, you have to see if the market can go because the investment resources are huge. See if the book is useful and accurate. We need to pay attention because lately there is a trend that newspapers go out and make some typos or it may be books that are against good morals, I want everyone to have a work ethic, we think that books last a long time, maybe last longer than our age. Therefore, the language used must be correct. Content must be reviewed before being released to the public. In addition to being an entertaining novel. It must be a novel that gives perspective, knowledge or anecdotes to the reader. This is what we were looking for. It can be a little difficult because we are quite strict about selecting manuscripts and choosing writers who care about their work. Tell them to fix it, fix it, listen to their opinions. Working and understanding each other is quite free these days. There is space for people who want to write and space for people who want to read. With anyone able to write, you have to try to make a name. Build a readership base In addition to performing well, you must also have the ability to market and present yourself. Some are well written, but not famous, if you don't have marketing skills. If you make a presentation page, you have to submit your work to the publisher, but it may take time for the publisher to consider the manuscript. Someone famous from around the web. On the page, there may be a reduction in the review process sooner than usual, but don't be discouraged. If we have the skill and patience, One day it will work, Mr. Quinta. He told Thai PBS Online news team that a variety of works are an opportunity for readers, both in books and online media, and good writing is often talked about in various book boards.  
"O Chao" dressed in Thai costume free entry to 9 ancient sites April 12-16|Fine Arts Department Historical parks nationwide are open with an exemption of entrance fees for those dressed in Thai costumes during the Songkran festival. April 12-16 Today(10 Days) (April 2018) Department of Fine Arts, Ministry of Culture informed that as assigned by the government to the Ministry of Culture Promote Thai culture by providing links between history and archaeology. Thai fabric dress Thai food and Thai tourism have resulted in tangible results in conjunction with the government's policy of organizing Songkran festivals that emphasizes conservation. Restoration and dissemination of wisdom heritage Good traditions, including the current trend of wearing Thai retro costumes. Therefore, the Fine Arts Department announced the waiver of the entrance fee to the historical park. For those dressed in Thai costume during 12-16 April This is to provide an opportunity for the public to participate in cultural learning sites and visit ancient sites and study the history of Thailand. Within the 9 historical parks are: 1. Ayutthaya Historical Park Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya 2. Sukhothai Historical Park, Sukhothai Province 3. Si Satchanalai Historical Park, Sukhothai Province 4.3. Kamphaeng Phet Historical Park, Kamphaeng Phet Province 5. Phanom Rung Historical Park, Buriram Province 6. Phimai Historical Park, Nakhon Ratchasima Province 7. Muang Sing Historical Park, Kanchanaburi Province 8. Sithep Historical Park and 9. Phu Phrabat Historical Park. Udon Thani
"Chiang Mai" does not deteriorate the magic of "culture-food" Tourist Magnet|"Chiang Mai" 1 With its unique lifestyle, culture and long history of the Lanna way, it continues to attract investment and tourists even in the face of smog or tourist organization problems. Miss PICHCHA PRAILERTLAK One Nimman Project Entrepreneur Reflecting the perspective of Chiang Mai tourism that many tourists come to Chiang Mai each year. Thai, Chinese, Japanese and European. Most want to experience the local way of life, with a city full of people with artistic spirits, rich history, and unique cuisine. Many people are fascinated by Chiang Mai and do not forget to travel back to Chiang Mai again. Miss Piccha He added that many foreign tourists are attracted to Chiang Mai, staying at least 1 week and living without rushing to experience the mountain nature. Doi and find local food, it's definitely not boring. As a result, many hotels, hostels, and serviced apartments have occurred over the years. Reflecting the growing tourism landscape Many tourists come to Chiang Mai. Create a task income to local people as well, Miss Piccha. He said that because of the potential and charm of Chiang Mai, a community mall was built with the ONE NIMMAN project, hoping to attract tourists who come to experience the tourist attraction located in the heart of Chiang Mai's contemporary cultural trade center. On an area of more than 13 rai to meet the needs of contemporary lifestyle, the project has gathered more than 50 shops, mostly local products, and famous street food of Chiang Mai to welcome Thai and foreign tourists. Make it a space where culture and traditions are accepted. The food also reflects the diversity of culture and local wisdom. Mrs. Ladawan Krirknara, 57 years old, shop owner "Khao Soi Lamduan" branch Nimmanhaemin Road Soi 1, who inherited the recipe of rice soi in one of the restaurants in Chiang Mai. Khao Soi Lamduan has a history since World War II and she has been running the restaurant for more than 10 years. Local cuisine of Chiang Mai Compared to food in other sectors, the taste is not very strong. Not as sweet as the central food and not as spicy as southern food, including very affordable prices, the shop sells prices ranging from 20-70 baht, including rice with meat and chicken, anyone can come to eat and is popular with both foreign tourists. Learn about the lifestyle and culture of the locals, thus being part of helping to create a tourist experience. When traveling abroad Food can be said to be a unique creator. Ms. Apichaya Wongtajak, 31, owner of "Kin Muan", said that the food sold inside the restaurant is local to the North, such as Ngom curry, Hung Le curry, roasted pork larb, stuffed with ua and Ong chili paste. The price is still from 10 - 70 baht, customers are both Thai and foreigner, with the menu that customers must order will be Ong chili paste, pork cap, Mr. Tharapong Senasutham, 22, a native of Mahasarakham province, one of the tourists who love Chiang Mai, said that he visits Chiang Mai every year because he loves Lanna arts and culture. Food, diversity of people, which is unique, Mr. Tharapong said. Nowadays, some changes have been made due to the large number of shops and restaurants, but it does not diminish the charm of Chiang Mai at all. I'd love to come back next year. Data from the Office of Statistics It was found that in 2016, Chiang Mai had a tourism revenue of 90,137 million baht. This is an increase from 2015, which was Baht 7,557 million. It is the income that comes from tourists. Foreigners up to Baht 33,920 million. As the month Nov2017 There are tourists visiting Chiang Mai. With 102,081 visitors, this figure reflects how many tourists continue to visit the city.   
Amazing "Five Colored Beach" 500 million years old Petra Islands  |Uncover the beauty of the 500-million-year-old colored stone "Five Colors Beach" on Mu Ko Phetra National Park. Satun, the beauty that nature creates amazingly.  Tourists are urged not to take away the stones. To conserve nature today (May 26, 2018) Public Relations and Dissemination Section The Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Flora has published beautiful pictures of the colorful rocks of Five Colors Beach. Satun, the beauty that nature has created amazingly, the five-color beach is near the checkpoint of Khao Toh Ngup. Areas of responsibility of Mu Ko Phetra National Park Satun is a small sandy beach with rounded rocks mixed together on the beach. At low tide, these colored rocks emerge almost to fill the entire beach. These colorful rocks include—red, sandstone during the Cambrian period (500 million years old). Red or pink comes from iron that is more or less iron- Gray or blue comes from Ordovician limestone (blush 470 million years old). Caused by the presence of a lot of mineral impurity. If light gray or almost blue, it is a pure stone element. There are few impurities - yellow or brown, is a decayed sandstone - white is a quartz that is often seen on common rock beaches. When they are gathered in the same place, a miracle happens. At low tide, the five colours beach is at its best. UNESCO has now declared the area as Thailand's first global geopark. Therefore, there is a suggestion that anyone who has already visited this natural beauty. Please do not take the stone back with you. To preserve and preserve nature to remain amazing and beautiful.  
"Commitment - Memories - Smile" Last 50 Years of "Lido Cinema" |Thai PBS Online Impress a wide range of people Share your bonds and memories. In the atmosphere of the last day of the Lido Cinema, which offers offbeat films, has won the hearts of alternative cinema lovers for 50 years. The sound of fire from the movie projector, First Song, First Love, First Kiss, ended at 10:45 p.m. among the staff who remained on duty until the last day, before "Lido" ended its standalone theater role. Alternative Film Sources - Offbeat Siam Square, which has been around for 50 years, said Mr. Ubon Klangthong, General Manager, that Lido was launched in 1968. Most films are screened from Europe, and alternative or rare films are started. Offbeat Before this, the period 1970-1972 had a large audience. Some movies require reservations 1-2 weeks in advance, the longest and longest screening in theaters is Khun Thong Magna, which lasted for 9 months.Mr. Ubon started his professional life in Lido as a ticket teller or "The Man in Yellow" before moving to help after Scala's debut. He became the current general manager after news of the closure was released. Especially yesterday was a special day when all movie tickets were full. Some spectators came in crying and shared their feelings of sadness and unbearability to the man in yellow as an epilogue. After the Lido closed the curtain. Mr. Ubon, 70, has decided to retire himself to relax at home and find his favorite movies to relieve loneliness on some days for Mr. Boonsong Muentuentu. The 45-year-old man in yellow is one of the most iconic parts of Lido cinema.  He recounted the 22 years of work since October 1995, when he applied for the job, through a period of hard work, from a lively audience, to the era of economic stagnation. Most of them are regular customers, some watch movies in one theater twice, some come only to see new movies, some come once a month, and sometimes people only come during festivals. Some of them are long gone and come back, until the day the Lido has to say goodbye, while alternative movie buffs are equally heartbroken. Miss Juthamas Detket Started watching movies in Lido since 1973. During his university years, because he trusted the choice of Lido films, Juthamas emphasized that "it was our style" before deciding to come to see the film at Lido for the last time. At the age of 60, Miss Pratana Damsuwan, 35 years old, who has been watching movies in Lido for more than 6 years, admires the cinema like no other. With an atmosphere that is old and classic. Talking about her feelings on the last day of the Lido, Ms. Pratana said, "It's very sad, it feels like one of our friends is disappearing because there is no place like this." The film director said that he had the opportunity to watch films in Lido since he attended university. There are many movies, although each one may be less screened, making people like to "keep the movie" when other theaters are no longer available. Mr. Wittaya will take the sky train to see this cinema, the bustling atmosphere of many people visiting the Lido Cinema. This made Mr. Wittaya particularly interested. He thought that half of the people who came today would miss the chance to see the movie for the last time because all tickets were sold out from 5.30 pm, but coming back to school and walking through the classrooms and taking pictures to commemorate and bid farewell is not unlike Mr. Supreecha Jaroonsak. The 69-year-old took his wife's hand from her home in Bangkapi to watch a movie in Lido for the last time. After previously having spent happy times together in this place. Mr. Preecha told Thai PBS Online reporters, "Everything is timely. Everyone will feel that the happiness of yesteryear is going away."  
Business "guitar" poised Expect another 20 years of players to play drastically in America.|It's big news that shakes guitar lovers. When "Gibson", the world's most famous guitar and electronics company, filed for bankruptcy. After the financial crisis of Thai PBS Online Talk to "Wanarat Takkthan", the only Gibson dealer in Thailand Wanarat said that Gibson has two production lines, namely musical instruments and electronic products such as Onkyo, Philip audio, and Krk studio speakers, which started selling products 7-8 years ago, which faced financial difficulties and debt. As for the Gibson guitar, the only dealer in Thailand confirms that the company is still profitable every year, and 3-4 months ago, the U.S. just shipped 1 container into Thailand, but the name was drawn into the part of the electronics distribution that was struggling. It is currently in the process of being refinanced by the previous owners and management. If within 9 months, the creditor can be repaid. 60-70% will help increase the company's survival for another 2-3 years to find a solution to the problem for Thais who start playing guitar. 90 percent will play acoustic guitar. Then move on to playing electric guitar. The market for acoustic guitars is still growing better than electric guitars and the market is 10 times larger. The majority of customers are working age people aged 30-45 years. Wholesale sales and music concept stores are 700-800 per month. 30 years ago, 80 percent of the customers were professional musicians, and 20 percent were hobbyists. The number of buyers who play guitar as a leisure activity increased to 70 percent and professional musicians to 30 percent as the market of the general public expanded. Admit that guitar sales in the last 3 years Start stabilizing. A major factor comes from the poor economy. As a result, customers may choose to buy only 1 guitar that they use regularly, from the original 2-3 characters each. Abdullah A It is noted that the number of music schools that are still open is increasing because parents want their children to have special abilities such as music, sports, art, unlike American children who play guitar decline. It is fortunate that successful music training must come from a clear goal. It was found that people who learn to play guitar will succeed and play continuously, an average of only 10 percent because music cannot learn shortcuts. Contrary to the trend of electronic music such as EDM, when asked about the trend of Thai children to play guitar declined in line with the United States. Wanarat analyzed that Thailand has always followed the American trend. There is a possibility that Thai children may play guitar decline in the next 10-20 years because the main factor that makes people play guitar is idols. In America, there are currently very few idols such as John Mayer, Taylor Swift, while there are still many idol groups in Thailand such as Bodyslam, Big Ass, POTATO, Retrospect, Cocktail. However, it is believed that in the future, global music trends such as pop, hip hop and EDM will definitely grow in Thailand. Reporters explore the once-popular guitar market area behind the Ministry of Defense. It was found that there was a significant decrease in customer purchase of guitars. Many entrepreneurs have begun to switch to selling other products along with them, such as government uniforms and employee clothing at a guitar shop in the back of the Ministry of Defence. The average daily sales of the storefront is no more than 3 pieces. The 27-year-old said he came to buy electric guitars in department stores because they are convenient and close to work, and the price of guitars that can be bought is between 20,000-30,000 baht. Electric Drum Related News"Thai Guitar Hits Trend College of Music leverages strategy to pull Chinese children to learn Thai "Ekachai Jearakul" to reach the world classical guitar champion  
"Ekachai Jearakul" to reach the world classical guitar champion|Thai PBS Online Open your mind, "Bird." Ekachai Jearakul  World Classical Guitar Champion The success stemmed from the inspiration of King Rama IX until he devoted 6-7 hours a day to guitar practice to the path of "Bird" career. Ekachai Jearakul A young Ubon Ratchathani who is passionate about classical guitar sounds. Inspired by the music of King Rama IX to become a world-class musician, the first person in Asia to win a stage title. "GFA Guitar Foundation of America International Concert Artist Competition" in USA In 2014, becoming an idol for many Thai children, Ekachai said that he started learning guitar because he was inspired by the royal song, "Destiny Song". In the past, I didn't want to be a world-class classical guitarist. Don't want to compete or have a career, but only play from a passion for music. Then he wants to change from what he loves to his career, "stepping into the career path of practicing at least 6-7 hours a day", Ekachai talks about his dedication to guitar practice, especially the playing techniques and songs used in the contest. Increase confidence in competing on both the Thai and international stages. To establish himself as a famous classical guitarist after going through many obstacles. Both acceptance from parents who are not sure whether choosing to study music will have a stable career or not, as well as the cost of studying and traveling to compete abroad hundreds of thousands of baht. The results of the competition are both losses and wins. Ekachai recalls the day he competed on the world's largest stage, the "GFA Guitar Foundation of America International Concert Artist Competition", saying that he chose Germany's guitar, which is one of the few in the world. The price is 7 digits because the sound is more beautiful than the average guitar. The year of the competition had 52 applicants from many countries around the world, so they chose a variety of genres in the competition, such as contemporary music with new accents or classical music. Caprices from Italian composers focused on showing advanced playing techniques, winning the judges' hearts and winning the world championship after winning the world classical guitar championship. Ekachai has been recording with Naxos, the world's largest classical record label in Canada, playing concerts abroad and recently launching his own studio. Another challenging goal is to develop online courses. Increase teaching channels Guitar to people in upcountry and foreign areas. In addition, talks are underway to hold a big concert in Thailand later this year. After receiving a good response at the concert of the song of the Royal Composition of Ekachai, thanks to many young people who see themselves as idols. He insists that determination and earnestness will lead to success. Ekachai, 31, started learning classical guitar at the age of 13 because he saw his seniors playing guitar with the royal composition "Destiny". He holds a Master's Degree in Classical Guitar Solo from the University of Mozarteum, Austria, and a Ph.D. in Classical Guitar Solo Performance at the Sydney Conservatory of Music, Australia. Related News Business "Guitar" Balancing Expect another 20 years of players to decline dramatically according to America. Rotate with the world" College of Music, leverage strategies to attract Chinese children to Thai school 
College of Music: Leverage strategies to attract Chinese children to Thai school|The changing global music trend of POP, Hip Hop, EDM is hot until research shows that American children play guitar decline. The decline in new born children has caused many to worry about whether Thai educational institutions will adapt and survive. Especially specialized education such as "Music" Thai PBS Online. Talk to the management of the College of Music, Mahidol University On the situation and adaptation of the Thai education industryMr. Narong Prangcharoen The Dean of the College of Music, Mahidol University, said that Thailand has entered an aging society and the number of new born children has declined, but the college has not been affected by the number of children much. Because the number of children has decreased by no more than 5 percent, unlike some universities that have been clearly affected. And we must adapt quickly to survive, especially with the transition to online learning. Dean of the College of Music Speaking about the policy adjustment to support the aging society, he said that the college has just entered into a cooperation agreement (MOU) by 2019 to attract Chinese students interested in music to study in Thailand. Every year. As many as 30,000 Chinese children who graduate from Grade 6 will choose to study music, but Chinese colleges and music universities can accommodate up to 5,000 children. You have to wait for next year's exam or choose to study abroad, which is costly. Thailand must bring cultural highlights to attract this group of children to school. The goal is to develop internationally recognized curriculum within this year, such as the Thai Music Course, to build confidence in neighboring countries to send children to school as many countries begin to provide lifelong education. Stanford University in the U.S. recently announced that students can choose their own courses. Thai universities should start organizing such education to produce diverse children and contribute to society. In addition, the College of Music collaborates with leading music institutions. Exchange of curriculum preparation and activities while concerns from many parties indicated that Thai children may play guitar decline in line with the trend of American children. Mr. Drin Phanumkomol Head of Jazz Department Deputy Dean for Academic Affairs, College of Music, Mahidol University, confident that Thai children do not play guitar decline and still have dreams of becoming a professional musician. Deputy Dean for Academic Affairs, College of Music, Mahidol University, said he did not feel that the number of people playing guitar was decreasing because many children still apply for guitar-related disciplines, including classical guitar. Another important sign is the return of the band contest stage. "Hot Wave Music Awards" reflects the popularity of electric guitars has not declined, and I am not surprised by the data that indicates that American children play guitar decline. Similar to the proportion of children who play sports and then enter the profession, Mr. Drin said that most of the children who come to school will play popular music because they have a dream to start a band, compose their own songs, be known as the band, not be specific to individuals, unlike the style of playing guitar 20 years ago, which was the era of "guitar hero". As for concerns that the younger generation may be practicing music less because of their addiction to social media, Mr. Drin admitted that the younger generation uses social media quite a lot. Therefore, solve the problem by setting goals. It was found that most children have good discipline in practicing and use online media to find out more information or practice new techniques according to artists who like related news. Expect another 20 years of players to decline dramatically according to America. Follow the world" "Ekachai Jearakul" to reach the world classical guitar champion 
What kind of robot? Over 100 in the field.  |Strange enough to go down and take pictures, it's the feeling of people driving through the fields. Along Highway No. 226 Buriram-Surin because there are mannequins lined up in the fields. Causing suspicion and surprise to those who saw today (August 27, 2018), reporters reported that rice fields along Highway No. 226, Buriram-Surin, around Ban Sawai Chik, Tambon Sawai Chik, Amphoe Mueang Buriram. More than 100 peasant puppets were placed. Each one has a different posture. Some carry a rice bowl, some hold a steamed sticky rice steamer. Surprise users of this route. Many people who drove by had to come down to see and take pictures because they were curious and impressed by how the peasant puppets brought the fields to life. Reporters reported that the field belonged to farmers in Svay Chik sub-district, but the idea of making peasant puppets and rice barns was the idea of a professor at Buriram Rajabhat University who brought artworks to display on the fields. The teacher stated that he wanted to reflect the farmer's way of life. Because the rice fields are considered as the breadbasket that is important for the life of farmers and see that it will be developed into a new land art of Buriram province.    
"AWESOME JUNIOR" Thai Youth Team Wins World Hip Hop Championship|5 MEMBERS AWESOME JUNIOR TEAM REPRESENTING THAI HIP-HOP DANCERS The 2018 World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals 7-12 years old in USA today (August 12, 2018) 5 MEMBER OF AWESOME JUNIOR TEAM OR AWESOME JUNIOR, REPRESENTING HIP-HOP DANCERS IN THAILAND. Participate in The 2018 World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals in Arizona AWESOME JUNIOR won the gold medal in Junior Division Results (7-12 years old) with a score of 6.89, while the first runner-up was NEXT JR. from Japan with a score of 6.80 and the second runner-up was FRESHH 2.0 from Canada with a score of 6.59. The 2018 World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals will take place from Aug. 6-11. AWESOME JUNIOR QUALIFIED FOR THE FINALS WITH A SCORE OF 3RD PLACE OUT OF 50 TEAMS WORLDWIDE, WHILE FROM 2013-2015, THAILAND PARTICIPATED IN THE TOURNAMENT. 
Closing the legend of "Joi Bangchak", a traveler who shines the world|Closing the legend of travelers "Joi Bangchak", a documentary program that illuminates the world Friends in the conservation industry shared their condolences as travelers made a documentary about the evacuation and rescue of wild animals at Chiaolan Dam. Together with valerian Nakasatien Today (31 Aug 2018) Reporters reported that conservationists and those in the environmental documentary industry posted messages to express their condolences over the death of "Joi Bangchak". Mr. Santithorn Hutakom or Joi Bangchak by Mr. Sasin Chalermlap A Facebook post saying he died after the investigation. Nakasatien 28 years by stating that it follows the work of Joi Bangchak, who is the one who made your documentary Sue. Nakasatien Pichon Chuayboon Post a message saying goodbye brother Joi 28 Aug 2561 Closing the legend of the last day I met Brother Joi. Bangchak On August 26th, me and Mr. Kitipong Virul Sri or Khun Tee walked the way from Uttaradit province to visit Pee Joi.  He was admitted to Panya Medical Hospital today. I got some bad news. Thailand has lost the legend of the great traveler. Name Santithorn Hutakom or Joi Bangchak of the documentary program Shining the World of Pee Joi died on August 28 last year. Told his family not to tell anyone. Red Brother Capt. Sombat Pannarong The person that Brother Joi loves very much called me to tell me that Brother Joi died and sleep well, Brother Joi. With love and condolences from me, Fat Daddy. Men with mustache 31 Aug 2018Reporter reports that Joi Bangchak is a traveler. Journalist, documentary film producer World Illuminating List Broadcast on Channel 5 since 1982. 28th Anniversary Anniversary 2 Just aired on August 18th.  
UNESCO brew considers "Chiang Mai" a World Heritage Site|World Cultural Heritage Subcommittee Approved the proposal of "Chiang Mai City" to UNESCO for consideration as a World Heritage Site and prepared to propose Prasat Phanom Rung, Prasat Muang Low and Prasat Plai Bud. Entered the World Heritage Preliminary List today (12 September 2018) Mr. Veera Rojpajanarat Minister of Culture Disclosed that the World Cultural Heritage Subcommittee Meeting No. 2/2018 resolved to approve the document presenting cultural heritage sites. Monuments, sites and cultural landscapes of Chiang Mai To enter the process of presenting it as a World Heritage Site to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). After being added to the World Heritage Preliminary List in 2015, the Working Group has completed the documentation and will present it to the World Heritage Centre. To be examined before being submitted for consideration as a World Heritage Site. This is in accordance with the requirement to present the World Cultural Heritage Site Presentation Document by September 30, 2018. The Minister of Culture said that the meeting received a progress report on the preparation of the presentation of cultural heritage sites. Ancient City of Sithep To propose UNESCO for inclusion on the Preliminary List of World Heritage Sites Currently, the document has been prepared in Thai and English by adding 1 criterion to consider the outstanding value and universality of such cultural heritage sites, namely criterion 3 from the original criteria for consideration in criterion 2, which the meeting approved for the working group to prepare a document to improve the content to be more complete. The group of temples of Prasat Phanom Rung Temple, Prasat Muang Low and Prasat Plai Bad, has set criteria for consideration of outstanding value internationally according to UNESCO criteria in criterion 3 and additional criteria for consideration in criterion 4 and criterion 5 because the cultural heritage sites of Prasat Phanom Rung Temple, Prasat Muang Low and Prasat Plai Bad, are valuable archaeological sites. Prior to the proposal, UNESCO considered it on the preliminary list of World Heritage sites as well.
Money & Prizes New motivation to "exercise" in the 4.0 era|Thailand - Foreigners have come up with the idea of promoting "health" by accumulating exercise as money to exchange for things, creating incentives for people to exercise and become more health conscious. Today (16 Sep 2018) Journalists reported that social media has published images of the campaign "Your exercise is precious", 20 exercises worth 20 baht, which can be used as a discount when ordering the café's healthy alternative drink menu. Those who are interested in exercising by jumping, slapping, squatting, or hitting their knees 20 times will receive a discount of 20 baht on drinks. Indicating the health care of Thai entrepreneurs, the increasing emphasis on exercise for money or prizes abroad has long begun, Russia is another country where subway fares are paid by exercising. In metro stations throughout Moscow to promote the Winter Olympics held in the Russian city of Sochi. In a month And passengers can use it by getting up and sitting alternately for 30 laps by standing in the designated spot in front of the carriage and then starting to get up and sit. The ticket dispenser counts the sitting cycles until the end of the mission. The ticket will drop on the kiosk. The UK and America also use rewards as one of the motivation for exercise. Sweatcoin, one of the apps launched in 2015 and has grown in popularity until it topped the download charts in the UK and America on both iOS and Android last year. Sports equipment, gift cards, and other prizes as specified by the company, which has changed and added from time to time with the requirement that 1 day can count only 5,000 steps, while Asia such as South Korea has a similar application such as the Cashwalk application that counts the number of steps of users by 100 steps equals 1 point in 1 day, can collect a maximum of 10,000 steps only. Users can collect points continuously to exchange for food. The rewards can only be redeemed Monday to Friday and only some operators are participating in the program. After the picture of Cheong Yoon Ho. The leader of the band, Dongbang Shinki, a famous Korean artist, used the app while walking around Gimpo Airport. South Korea after returning from Japan On August 26th, however, in the future, entrepreneurs in Thailand may adopt more of these campaigns, but money and prizes are only one of the incentives. But it is important that the health of the users is obtained by doing it on their own.  
Chong Ancient City Sithep Preliminary List "World Heritage Site" |SC prepares to propose "Ancient City of Sithep" to the preliminary list of World Heritage in the month Jan.2019 It is one of the world's most ancient Dvaravati-Khmer cultural cities today (September 17, 2018). Mr. Veera Rojpajanarat The Minister of Culture said that the Ministry of Culture is preparing to nominate the ancient city of Sithep. Phetchabun province was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Preliminary List by January 2019 because it is one of the world's most grandiose ancient cities in the Dvaravati era from the archaeological exploration and excavation of the ancient city of Sithep. The Fine Arts Department found that the ancient city of Sithep is 2,500 years old since prehistoric times and excavated human skeletons. It is 1,800 years old and the Dvaravati period is 1,400 years old, making it one of the oldest Dvaravati cities in the world. It has continued to flourish until the ancient Khmer culture era. It has spread its cultural influence to the ancient city of Sithep. All in all. Sithep Historical Park has been declared a National Historic Site. The Department of Fine Arts is in the process of gathering information and preparing documents for submission to the National Committee on the Convention on the Protection of World Heritage and bringing it to the Cabinet for consideration and submission to UNESCO by early 2019. Students and the public come to see and study.
"Assistant Dog" Tough woman protecting the forest of Saiyok National Park|"Assistant Klao" or Miss Netnapa Ngamnet is a female officer who has a role in the search and seizure of bear carcasses. She is the assistant chief of Saiyok Park who works through the jungle and enjoys a wading life. Even though she was nicknamed by her subordinates as the Tiger Girl of Sai Yok National Park, the MP Netnapa Ngamnet, or Assistant Klao, was recognized by Sai Yok National Park officials as the "Tiger Girl" despite serving as the assistant chief of Sai Yok National Park for only 5 months. She goes out every time she faces a group of perpetrators. There is even an off-road group embroiled in bear hunting, which has Mr. Watcharachai Smeeruk. Permanent Secretary Dan Makham Tia, Kanchanaburi Province is included. Miss Netnapa has a father who is a military officer and a younger brother who serves in the National Park Department. Fauna and flora as well. The reason why I chose to serve as a forest conservationist was because I was born and raised in Aranyaprathet. He was instilled in his love of forest resources since he was a child, and even chose to study in the Faculty of Forestry, Kasetsart University because he intended to serve in the National Park Department. Many young women in the 31-year-old may want to live in the capital, but their assistants choose to rest 3-4 hours a day on forest patrol missions. With the desire to keep as many wild animals and trees alive as possible. To preserve for future generations of Thai people with dedication to duty. Miss Netnapa grew in her career quite quickly. He will soon take over as the head of Khao Nang Panturat Forest Park. Cha-am He continued to serve as the Tiger Task Force amid the regret of his subordinates in Sai Yok National Park.
Bangkok: World's Best Destination for 3 Years in a Row|MasterCard Exploration Thai tourism continued to expand well. Tourists from other nationalities The 7th edition of Mastercard's Best World Destinations Survey 2018 shows that the Thai tourism industry continues to grow, and Thailand is the only country in the global survey with three tourist destinations in the top 20. With more than 20 million tourists visiting, it was ranked No. 1 for the fifth time in 6 years since 2012 and ranked No. 1 for the third consecutive year, with the most visitors to Thailand being China, Japan and South Korea, Phuket at 12th and Pattaya Chonburi at 18th. The reason Bangkok can hold the title for the third consecutive year is because of its stable infrastructure. The perfect combination for work and leisure Unique culture, including efforts from various government agencies Whether it is the Ministry of Tourism and Sports. The Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) or Bangkok Authority (BMA) is an important factor in maintaining the growth of Thailand's tourism industry, while Bangkok is a city where the cost of living is not as expensive as other major cities such as Paris, Singapore or Seoul. 
Launched the application "Descriptive" to help blind people watch movies. |Thai Parliament collaborates with private sector to develop "Descriptive" application to help visually impaired people watch movies by listening to the sound of movies Connect to the database system Search for audio descriptions and use audio descriptions to visualize movie events. Enhance the enjoyment of watching movies for people with disabilities to enter society equality yesterday (28 October 2018) Thai Health Promotion Foundation (Thai Health Promotion Foundation) in collaboration with the private sector Pencil Box Co., Ltd. jointly organized a special screening for the visually impaired, which was the first time that the application "Depiction" (PANNANA) was introduced. IN THE HOMESTAY, WHEN HEAVEN REWARDS "DEPICTION" PROJECT IS A VISUAL IMPAIRED AUDIO CAPTIONING APPLICATION THAT ALLOWS FANTASY IMAGES FROM LISTENING TO AUDIO CAPTIONS. It is supported for both IOS and Android, with a table of contents list of the audio descriptions of the movie. When opening a movie, activate the descriptive application while simultaneously opening the AD or audio narration of the movie, even while watching the movie. Users get out of their seats and go back into the cinema again, open the application, reconnect, and connect to the current voice commentary and watch movies continuously. Mr. Chatchai Apibalpoonpol administrator Pencil box company The developer of the application Panna said that in the past, if people with disabilities would watch a movie, they would have to close the cinema and show movies with audio narration or live commentary, which was found to be not as effective as it should be. It costs a lot, and once it does, it can't be expanded to other media channels. Because smartphones are devices that many people with disabilities, including the blind, can access and use fluently already, the idea is based on an application called Shazam, which uses a listening system to search for song titles. Shin Proficiency, Chief Executive Officer Marketing Division SF Corporation Public Company Limited He said that Thailand is entering an aging society and the group of service users is becoming more diverse, including those with disabilities. Visually impaired people should have the same accessibility as the general public, thus creating equal opportunities for Ms. Bharanee Phuprasert, Director of Thai Health Promotion Foundation (Thai Health Promotion Foundation). As a funder for the development of the application, Panna said that the movie viewing activity for visually impaired people is an example of reducing barriers to living in society with others to create learning. In addition, The Thai Parliament also supports learning for the visually impaired, such as The Guidelight, or a learning aid for blind children in universities, to make it easier for visually impaired children to study at university. This includes lectures to listen to or record audio, as well as other forms of promotion that try to create innovations so that people with disabilities can coexist with the general public for those who are interested in the application. "Panna" can be downloaded "for free" at Google Play or App Store. 
Open Your Mind "Doctor Prasit" 2 The Year of Power Continues at Siriraj|Thai PBS interviews Prof. Dr. Prasit Wattanapa Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Siriraj Hospital Mahidol University "The fruit of sustainability, inheriting goodness according to the King's science"
 In our senses, Siriraj people. I think 2 years ago Until today, as we walk around in glory, we still have the feeling that you are still with us, but the difference is that just your body may not be with us. We also have many areas in Siriraj where you have visited. Every time we go, Every time we see a patient go to Siriraj for treatment, we still think of Him, we also think of what He entrusted Siriraj people to carry on what is in His mind. The answer is to miss you and continue to bring the good things that you have given us for the rest of your life back when I was the director of Siriraj Hospital. There were a lot of patients back then. It's a lot of trouble. During that time, I happened to see him at Klai Kangwon Palace, and he bowed to tell him. What advice do you have, and vent with a part? After a while, he turned to the monk, "Keep going," and then turned his face back to what I wanted to leave to the Thai people. We're in a lot of trouble. Often, when we get into trouble, we stop and complain and we don't do it. What he means is that it's perseverance. If you intend to do good things, these obstacles are meant to learn, to think, and then to do. After that, I had the opportunity to see when he went north. Hotter mountains are full of forested mountains. It's not something that happens in a month or two years, but it happens for decades. Time will change the culture of people in the community who do something that may not protect the forest to help take care of the forest. Change the culture. Change people's attitudes. These things took a lot of time, and he faced a lot of obstacles, but he continued to do so until today, the word "continue" is something that is already in me. I think as long as I live, I keep going. I would like to invite all Thais every October 13th to refresh themselves to ask themselves what they have done and what they have stopped in the past year. Let's focus on what we're going to do in the next year, and then on October 13 next year, let's revisit what we've done in the past. If you didn't, why didn't you? If you keep doing this, You will not disappear from our memories, one thing that is a lifelong intention to carry on His resolution. At this time, our big role is health, taking care of the health of the sick. Healthy but vulnerable people Now Siriraj has expanded. Don't give up on these things as long as you can, do it all the time. What I still want to study, I think you are a person who has been doing for others for 70 years, you have done for the whole country. We may not be able to do it like Him, but at least we intend to do it like Him. So when is there any place we can help beyond Siriraj itself? Wherever we can help, my life intention is more than enough. Is that people may set goals in life. My initial life goal may be for myself, for my family, but at some point, my goal today is to continue what you have done. At least he's a Thai man. I believe there is a lot more to carry on. If we continue to do these things together, pick up His Majesty and see them, read each time, always get new ideas, because His Majesty is always in tune with new things that happen, applied all the time, and then we can get some ideas at the 16th floor of the Commemoration Building, until today, sometimes there are some things in the faculty that can't be solved, I still like to sit quietly on there and get a lot of solutions, sit quietly up there, think about what you have told me, and often walk back down with increased power, and most importantly, back down with solutions. I think you're still in Siriraj. He also helped us figure out many problems. I can't answer why, but to this day I still believe that he is still helping, he once told the King that he has 2 duties, his duty is that of the king. But the second duty is to be a good citizen of Thailand. I think this is important. A good citizen of Thailand is the one who will do good things in the country and do those good things without having to give it back. Doing good things back to our country starts with ourselves. Saving is a good thing that everyone can do and can make the country better. Even He did, we would see His tube of His Medicine, he is an example of how to be economical. Know how to do it for the common good, share our surplus with others. Pay more attention to others he's in trouble than we do. If possible, allocate some of our time back to society. Being a good Thai person gives back to society, I think this is what you want every Thai person to have in who we are. Doing good things and giving back to society can do all its functions. You don't have to be a doctor, every job, every profession can do anything, what is our role, is to do that duty as best as you are responsible for that duty, and another duty as a Thai person as you instructed. If He has a unique duty, Himself is God the earth. If the audience from this show is a teacher Your job is to be a teacher. I want Thai people to do this. If we do this, we will get out of our passions, from many things, our rate decreases, we will feel happy in doing good things, and it is the best reward we can get. We have a lot of good people doing good things these days. But gilding the monk's back completes the three elements of Buddhism: doing good and evil, and purifying the heart because there is no passion. No identity. There were no spectators, I did the project of the Nawamintrobpit 84th Anniversary, this happened when King Rama 9 celebrated the 84th Anniversary of His Majesty the King's 84th Birthday, when he gave the name of Nawamintrobpit 84th Anniversary, Nuanp was Nine Introbpit, the great king of King Rama 9, 84 years old. Just know one thing. When we proposed this project, I informed him that we had torn down the original 3-storey building because it was needed for underprivileged patients of Siriraj Hospital. At that time, I thought he was already determined to support because he gave his name down to the intention at that time, that we want the whole country, 67 million people, together with him, to make this building possible. In fact, it was determined that he would open this building himself. I think this is a building that the whole country encourages. A variety of donations make it happen. Our goal is not just for the wealthy. You can see that all these inviting mechanisms Every penny has contributed. We have a cabinet process that can be used to fund the construction of this building, and until today, we have received donations that have come in to make this building happen, and we have the money saved for the maintenance of this building. We enter a new concept. This building must provide the best service. Because this is what he set out to do. Now we're campaigning for medical supplies. I assure you that this building will have the best equipment. Thailand's underprivileged patients must be treated as not inferior to those who have other opportunities. Because this is what you set out to do, and it is something that we will carry on His Majesty's initiative. I will say many times that during the 70 years of his reign he was all interconnected: economic, social, environmental, educational, arts, culture, and health. This building will show how these things are connected. Good education, good health, good health, good economy, good knowledge. The environment will be good. These are all tied together. We want this building to be a place to learn Thai people to understand the science of King Rama IX who is invited in various places. In this building, we want to improve people's health, physical health, mental health. Relatives visiting patients have seen these things. I believe I will think of you, and many of you will want to follow in His Majesty's footsteps. This is uplifting. The patient who came here who was sick witnessed these things as he recovered. I believe many of you would like to carry on His Majesty's aspirations. We want these buildings to mold Thai people into understanding what His Majesty has given them. We want to make what many people understand to be abstract. The science of kings is understood by many as an incomprehensible abstraction into concrete that ordinary people like us can do. That is the best reward for Him, many of His teachings to take care of health. As I learned, economic, social, environmental, educational, arts, culture, all these things contribute to our health. Many people don't think about it, so it worsens their health. Because they don't bring these things into their own lives. If you go to review the 2-year cycle in Siriraj, we will have many exhibitions, I would like to invite us to go back and pay tribute to His Majesty and then we make this building we fill up even more. Now there will be radiotherapy machines to see what happens. Currently, Siriraj has 3 radiotherapy machines for cancer radiation, in this building there will be 5 more machines, imagine 8 full machines, we will help patients with cancer who need radiation in abundance, this building has various equipment, we provide the most advanced technology, because Thai people donate, we want to use the donated money to buy the best equipment to give life to the less fortunate people who come to this building. The equipment in this building, I believe, is the best. During this time, we prepare our teachers for further study. Our nurses who use these things in parallel to build buildings and provide medical equipment. Added to this is the uplifting spirit of those who come to this building. I think there will be ideas. The kings are in this building even further. This building I think is really perfect, our principle started piling and started building people because the time it takes to build people and building buildings is not the same time. No less. It takes no less time than a doctor to become a specialist in these fields. It takes at least 5-10 years. At the same time, we are now working to produce nursing assistants who will help in this building. Patients who entered this building because they were disadvantaged patients. A number of patients will be elderly because we are entering an aging society. We prepare nurses to take care of the elderly. Nursing assistants who will take care of the elderly is an extension course for them to start. These people are now starting to receive treatment in other buildings. It is to train themselves at the same time. By the time this building opens, these people will be back in this building. Whether it's kidney disease, lung disease, it's in this center. Now that many of our teachers who have gone to specialized classes are gradually returning, they will be ready to use good equipment, many people who study abroad will use good tools, they will report back that these machines are really good, and they will be useful. When you come back, you're ready to use the machine that you're best at. Take care of the Thai people who come to this building for treatment. I believe that this building will greatly improve the quality of life of the less fortunate.  At your convenience, medical information can be searched. The building will also have robotic dispensing aids to make dispensing medicines more accurate and less error-proof. At the same time, faster. The process is faster every time you do something for the Thai people. I believe that we Siriraj people are happy as a determination. If anyone knew the previous year, there were some positions that had a chance to reach those positions. I said I didn't want to go. I wanted to be here. The matter intended to be devoted to His Majesty. The last concrete thing is that this building wants to be there to make this building happen. I want this building to help bring back the lives of those you want to bring back. I want us to finish pulling it back. Therefore, I am happy every time I see people donating. I'm happy every time I see good Thai people who want to make people who come to this building happier. When the building was opened and someone was pushed in, who probably died but ended up walking back with his relatives, this is the ultimate happiness. But if we all have Him at home, His Majesty at home. If I had the same experience as I had, there were a lot of things I couldn't think of. Just sit there and look at a lot of problems, sit back and think about what he did. There are many examples He has followed. If we think about it, compare it to the situation. I believe you will solve the problem. I would like to invite the Thai people not to forget His Majesty. 
First time showing real parts of the "Berlin Wall" in Bangkok|Unveiling the real pieces of the historic "Berlin Wall" that have been transformed into works of art in Bangkok, the German ambassador revealed that he is preparing to give the opportunity to Thai people to visit yesterday (November 12, 2018). Mr. Veerasak Futrakul The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs attended the unveiling ceremony of the actual fragments of the Berlin Wall held inside the German embassy. Nearly 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, a symbol of the Cold War, the collapse of the Berlin Wall was destroyed. Thais will have the opportunity to experience the real pieces of this historic wall in Bangkok. Georg Schmidt, German Ambassador to Thailand He said during the ceremony that the Berlin Wall was like a curtain of iron that not only divided Berlin in two, but also Germany and the whole of Europe. Brauer A Berlin businessman gave it to the embassy. Mr. Axel Brauer He also has a business in Thailand and has donated money to support vocational education courses to Chitralada College of Technology, which HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn founded.Mr. Schmidt said the construction of the Berlin Wall in 1961 was an unexpected act. The aim was to deter East Germans from fleeing the country under the communist regime in search of a better life in the West under democracy. Capitalism and liberalism until 1989 More than 100 people died on the Berlin Wall while fleeing to cross to the west when the Berlin Wall struck central Berlin. Artists across the West have started using walls for their art. The Berlin Wall on both the west and east sides is the property of the East German government. Drawing or painting on either side was completely illegal when it was first discovered on the Berlin Wall in the West. East German security guards immediately rushed to paint over it. They had to give up. The German Embassy decided to follow in the footsteps of this goal and invited artists from three countries, Germany, France and Thailand, to transform this piece of Berlin Wall into an international art and symbol of friendship between German, French and Thai peoples. As part of the Bangkok Art Festival "STREET – Urban Culture Highlight" created in collaboration between the Goethe-Institut and the French Embassy, Schmidt said the German Embassy has an idea to organize future events to give Thais the opportunity to visit the wall piece.
See 4 famous temples, Chiang Mai heritage to World Heritage Site|Thai PBS toured 4 famous temples in a walk-tram activity to see Chiang Mai heritage to the World Heritage Site (Old City area). Represents outstanding value, is the highest universal, consisting of: Wat Chedi Luang, Wat Chiang Man, Wat Phra Singh and Wat Prasat Today (November 27, 2018), reporters reported that the activity of walking - riding the tram to see Chiang Mai's heritage to the World Heritage Site (Old City Area). Asst.Prof.Dr.Channarong Srisuwan Dean, Faculty of Architecture, Chiang Mai University Chiang Mai Working Group to World Heritage Heritage tours represent the highest international value, including: Wat Chedi Luang, Wat Chiang Man, Wat Phra Singh and Wat Prasat Wat Chiang Man This temple is the first temple of Chiang Mai. Created by Phaya Mangrai There is an inscription on the construction of the city is evidence of the existence of the city of Chiang Mai that is evident. The architecture of that time has been passed down to the present. Evidence remains to date as the city develops. Buddhist art philosophy with Buddhist beliefs as the core, stringed into the spirit of Chiang Mai people as well. Mixing the traditional beliefs of the Luwa people with mixed beliefs with Buddhism and animism. Natural Matters Wat Prasat is a temple that connects the culture and traditions related to the royal family. It is a temple used for the coronation ceremony of kings from the past until King Rama 5 still exists. Architecture Woodworking is an example of architecture in the outstanding architectural value that remains in Chiang Mai. Temple of Woodworking There is a pagoda at the end of Wat Phra Singh is another development temple during the prosperous Buddhist period, especially the god Saen Muang came to summon Buddha Sihing from Chiang Saen to enshrine at "Wat Lee Chiang Phra" in line with the original name of Chiang Mai market in front of Wat Phra Singh, so the name was changed to Wat Phra Singh after the name of the important Buddha image. Songkrat Day every year summoned to the parade for people to water Wat Phra Singh has interesting architecture is Laikham Temple, a beautiful wooden IX temple. Followed by a beautiful introduction decorated with word patterns that correspond to the temple of the building. The wall has a painting of watermark on the north of the chopping board about the Lanna edition of the golden conch. To the south wrote about Suphan Hong, an important panchadok of Chiang Mai. It is a surviving evidence of fine art on architecture. There are also temples, temples, pagodas and tri towers, one of the most beautiful in Chiang Mai. The largest architecture of Chiang Mai is a landmark in the past. Expanded in the Lok Raj period, a symbol of the center of the city. The government is the symbol of the greatness of the world's relatives. This building is an example of Chiang Mai's largest castle-shaped pagoda, built of brick, and still remains even after it collapsed during the earthquake. Asst.Prof.Dr.Channarong Srisuwan The Dean of the Faculty of Architecture, Chiang Mai University, told me that from now on, what the Chiang Mai World Heritage Working Group must do to responsible agencies such as the Buddhist Bureau, temples, and related buildings must comply with the criteria according to the World Heritage Plan. Writing plans, stakeholders come to listen to opinions and formulate target guidelines to amend the complete document, preserve the plan, and manage Chiang Mai's push to World Heritage Site. 
Are riders ready? Is the bike ready? Check carefully before going for Bike Warming Airak |More than 600,000 riders who have registered for Bike Aun Airak are still in the process of preparing themselves physically and bicycles. Thai PBS Online opens up the right and safe way to prepare. Cyclists, try to check all the requirements or do not visit the Phra Lan website. www.phralan.in.th Introduce the preparation and maintenance of bicycles to those who register for the Bike Aun Airak activity on December 9, 2018 so that this bike ride is not dangerous, strictly follow the signs and traffic lights. The Road Traffic Act B.E. 2522 (1979) states that bicycles must have white lights in front and red lights or red reflectors at the back, as well as wearing a sash or vest with additional reflective stripes. In addition to painting, marking or clearly dividing the space for bicycles to use on the pavement. Requires low speed If you fall into an inevitable condition. Always give pedestrians the right to walk first, do not cling to the cars in front of you. It is very dangerous to use your hand to calm down when riding a bicycle, and do not carry too much weight. Learn hand signals to tell other road users how to move, and practice the skills to be able to ride a bicycle with one hand holding the handlebars and the other hand and arm giving the correct signal with dexterity. The bike balances well, then makes it a habit to use hand signals to choose a helmet that is manufactured to a standard. TIS should choose a light color tone. It fits snugly on the head, and when wearing it, adjust the strap to fit snugly, choose the frame size that suits yourself. It will help reduce aches and pains from spinning, it should be chosen to suit the body. Gel or sheepskin saddles will help reduce friction. If adjusted too low, it will affect the transmission of power in the ride and fatigue. At the initial stage, it should be spun at a small speed. Ride for 30 minutes at a time, continue for 3-4 weeks by choosing a flat path, then start riding on a hilly path or up a bridge. Wear clothes with seams because it may cause friction on the skin to brake whether it is spinning at normal speed to slow down or braking to stop suddenly. During the ride, try changing postures and postures such as adjusting the position and angle of holding the handlebars and torso, moving the neck and sitting position on the saddle. The rider's body must also be prepared, training close to the distance of the procession. Do not drink alcohol or alcohol, get enough rest, at least 8 hours, eat at least 2 hours in advance, warm up before cycling, and take into account your own health capabilities.    
SC celebrates "Khone" throughout the year 62 after UNESCO World Heritage List| The Ministry of Culture is preparing to celebrate Khon throughout 2019 and launch the first animated film Ramayana at Ramavatar to make Thais know the value of Khone. High performing arts After UNESCO declared "Khone" as an intangible cultural heritage of mankind. Today (30 November 2018) Mr. Veera Rojpajanarat The Culture Minister said he had received reports that the outcome of the 13th meeting of the Intergovernmental Joint Committee for the Preservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage of UNESCO was reported from November 26 to December 1 in Port Louis. The meeting was attended by 181 countries, which the meeting considered and declared to be listed. Khon show in Thailand "Khon masked dance drama in Thailand" On the official representative list of intangible cultural heritage of mankind, Mr. Veera said that thanks to Her Majesty Queen Sirikit's immense benevolence, Her Majesty the King Rama IX has preserved, promoted, restored, perpetuated and developed Khon performances in all dimensions. Develop beautiful makeup to attract attention. Develop performance styles and techniques. Stage scenes. The light, color and sound that is the origin of the royal Khon with its unique composition, making the Khon Thai grandiose. Therefore, it is considered good news for Thai people that Khon has been declared on the UNESCO list as a representative list of intangible cultural heritage of mankind, with 2018 being the first year that Thailand presented the list of Intangible Cultural Heritage to UNESCO for consideration. After Thailand applied to join the UNESCO Convention on the Preservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage. เมื่อวันที่ 10 มิ.ย.2559 นายวีระ กล่าวอีกว่า ทั้งนี้หลังโขนได้รับการประกาศขึ้นบัญชีเป็นทางการแล้ว ได้จัดทำแผนงานและกิจกรรมสำหรับเฉลิมฉลองโขนตลอดปี 2562 โดยจะจัดแสดงโขนรอบพิเศษ ตอน “พิเภกสวามิภักดิ์” ‪วันที่ 3-4 ธ.ค.นี้ที่ศูนย์วัฒนธรรมแห่งประเทศไทย In addition, Ramayana will be filmed at Ramavatar to be screened in theaters nationwide and disseminate knowledge in various forms such as demonstration of Khon artisans, demonstration of Khon performance, discussion on the value of Khon knowledge, production of print media, and publication of knowledge books about Khon youth. Produce Khon documentaries, disseminate knowledge, as well as create a digital Khon archive to organize activities to create pride by honoring individuals. An organization that has made a contribution to the Khon industry and organized Khon exhibitions both in the central and regional areas in honor of Her Majesty the Queen Sirikit during the reign of King Rama IX who preserved, promoted, restored, perpetuated and developed Khon performances, etc. It is unique, combining many disciplines and arts into dance. Khon is an extravaganza created by Thai ancestors and continues to be passed down from generation to generation. Khon teaching in multi-level educational institutions Khon is not only performing arts, but also clearly embodies and reflects the Thai way of life. Khon is also considered a common cultural heritage in ASEAN that appears in many Southeast Asian countries, namely Myanmar. Indonesia, Philippines, Cambodia and Thailand adopted culture from India. It is adapted from the Ramayana literature and has developed its own style of Khon performance until it is unique.  Cultural Wisdom Heritage Committee Preparing to propose Thai wisdom heritage to UNESCO for listing on the list of cultural heritage of mankind in the following year, such as Thai massage, Nora, etc., as well as studying the guidelines for proposing wisdom heritage that are similar to other countries for further proposal, Mr. Veera said that it is pleased that "Lakhon Khone" Lkhon Khoal Wat Svay Andet of Cambodia has been declared on the list of intangible cultural heritage that needs to be preserved urgently. This is not considered a duplicate of the Khon show registration in Thailand. Since the registration of intangible cultural heritage is not the pride of the country, the registration is not a copyright or an expression of ownership. Importantly, Cambodian Khon and Khon performances in Thailand each have their own unique patterns and are a sign of the country's pride. Read related news "UNESCO" Registered "Khone" as a cultural heritage of mankind.  
Ban Chong Community Open a new check-in point before going to Tham Luang cave.  |Long weekend tourists all over Sarathit. Travel to see the beauty of the Emerald Pool Chiang Rai The lively home community has a side job. Develop the pond area as a photo shelter. Today ( 10 Dec 2018) Forest Park Tham Luang - Khun Nam Nang Non Mae Sai Chiang Rai is bustling with many tourists. The streets are filled with cars and buses all over the country. Flock to visit throughout the long weekend to see the beauty of the Emerald Khun Nam pool. On the way to the Emerald Pool The community of Ban Chong has jointly developed it into a rest spot and photo spot for tourists by bringing more than 60 colorful umbrellas from it to add brightness and show the uniqueness of Ban Chong, which Choong in Northern language means "umbrella". If not removed, it may cause danger to tourists. After the rescue operation, the wild boar team left Tham Luang. The villagers in Ban Chong community have also increased their livelihoods, opening up to 60 shops and providing minibus services. 
Waterfall - See fog 2 land at "Phu Elert", Loei Province|New Attractions "Phu Elert" Ban Pakman It is open for tourists to experience the cold weather and see the sea of mist in the morning that stretches through the mountain range. 2 Thailand-Laos and Kaeng Chang waterfall, a new waterfall as winter approaches Tourists prefer to visit the mountains to experience the cold weather in the northern and northeastern regions, and Loei province is considered another popular area as well. In addition to "Phu Kradung", which is the top target of tourists, Loei recently launched a new tourist attraction. "Phu Elert" Ban Pakman It is a new tourist attraction with waterfalls and cliffs near the border of Laos. First stop People can visit the beauty of the large waterfall, "Kaeng Chang Waterfall", which is a Heng River that flows between the valley of the Thai-Laos border. Viewing the waterfall at the cliffside requires caution as the waterfall is surrounded by forest. Cascades of mountains and rocks with flowing water are all year round. Back from visiting Kaeng Chang waterfall. Tourists can go up to see the sea of clouds. Starting from Wat Phon Tan Pattana Ram, there are homestay accommodation of villagers and e-taek groups ready to serve tourists. How to get up Phu Eelert Must travel by e-taek on the concrete road interspersed with din daeng, traverse the fields, pass mixed forest, along the mountain range for more than 4.5 kilometers, take about 40-50 minutes, the service fee is 500 baht per car that can carry 4-5 tourists. Visitors can stay overnight by notifying the chairman of Ban Pa Kaman community in advance to arrange accommodation and food and arrange security guards on the area as it is a community forest area, which must limit the number of tourists to 50 people per day in order to maintain the condition of the forest for as long as possible. Tourists can visit nature and mist during the month. From September to January on Phu Eelert, there will be 3 view points: Pha Eelert; Phabakkerd and the Grand Canyon can be viewed on the cliffside, along with mountain ranges rising out of the mist to show off the beauty of the mountain ranges of Thailand and Laos with rivers below. In addition, In the Phu E Lert area, you can also find fragrant slang flowers that bloom with a pleasant smell. It was first found at Doi Suthep, Chiang Mai Province, but also found on this mountain. Mr. Naraset Saenprasert Ban Pak Man Community Forest Committee said that the opening of Phu Eelert tourism as a new tourist attraction can benefit in 2 ways: helping to conserve forest resources in the area and also generating income for the community. In the past, there was a movement of illegal logging in the area. If there is tourism, it will help conservation because it increases surveillance. Those who will illegally cut wood will not dare to cause trouble in the area. Another way is to generate a lot of income for the community. Latest tourist peaks during the month OCT 2018 More than 580 tourists generated 69,500 baht for tourist transportation, 18,000 baht for homestay accommodation, 2,240 baht for tents on Phu, 10% for community funds, totaling 17,500 baht, and 107,240 baht in total income, while throughout the year (11 November 2017 - 31 October 2018) was 156,000 baht. Bring tourists to see and explain the origin of Phu Eelert as well. Mr. Jaresak Nantawong Deputy Director-General of the Department of Forestry, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment (TSE) said that Ban Pak Man Community Forest In 2016, the Forest Department gave a budget of 104,000 baht to develop community forest areas so that communities can coexist and conserve forests at the same time. The agreement is to close 3 parts of the forest area, about 1,500 rai, strictly prohibited from entering the area, another 1 garden, about 500 rai, open to the community for use, and Ban Pak Man open some areas as tourist attractions. Boonyanan Director of the Community Forest Management Bureau said that Ban Pak Man community is considered a strong community and is considered a model community that can serve as an example to other communities. The Forest Department will develop and upgrade other communities to take care of community forests efficiently so that they can generate income and conserve forests together sustainably. "Phu Elert" Therefore, it is another destination for tourists who visit Loei province and it only takes 1 night to visit the beautiful nature as well, along with the motto Phu E Lert that is "Grand Canyon, Phu E Lert Sea of Fog, fragrant wild flowers, spectacular medicinal plants". Chan Key/ Thai PBS Online Report
Show off, "Silawaree flower" Rare to see at Kaeng Jung Nang waterfall. |Silawaree Flower Rare and endangered dry season flowers with beautiful buds. Kaeng Jung Nang waterfall, Phitsanulok province waiting for tourists to visit, but please be careful not to step on today (12 December 2018). Silawaree Flower Water flowers or stone flowers Tiny flowers about 0.5-1 cm in size, flowering on the rocks. Kaeng Jung Nang waterfall, Ban Kaeng Sarit Sena Moo 7, Wangnok Aen Subdistrict, Wang Thong District, Phitsanulok Province After the water of the Khek River changes from turbid to clear, making the flowers of Silawaree. Begins to bloom buds. The stone flower or Podostemaceae is a family of aquatic plants that grows in sunny areas. Sticking to rocks or hard objects under water, rapids or waterfalls that change water level seasonally. During the rainy season, Silawaree Will be submerged in the swift water. During the dry season, the water level decreases, it produces flower buds and blooms as it emerges into the air, then quickly produces fruit and seeds. If it is in stagnant water or muddy water, or if the environment changes flooding. Drought all year round The plant will not be able to live. Therefore, the stone flower is a bioindicator against changes in weather and the environment. Silawaree flower Found mainly around Kaeng Jung Nang waterfall, Hydrobryum loeicum is the only endemic plant of Thailand. It has endangered status. Tourists or visitors must take precautions not to step on the stone tree.  
Virtual reality 3D application to tour "Phayao"|"KWAN PHAYAO", a new tourist guide with AR simulation system, helps create color and immerse yourself in culture, history and community way through smartphones and tourist guidebooks. 25 Jan 2019Narongsak Osotthanakorn, governor of Phayao province, said that most tourists come to Phayao as a way to travel to Chiang Rai province rather than staying overnight to travel in the area. Do not live to experience the lifestyle or learn to travel in other places. Currently, Phayao has about 600,000 tourists per year, with a growth rate of 7-8% per year. Therefore, the company aims to increase the number of tourists in the next 8 years to 1.2-1.5 million per year, or a growth rate of 15% per year. After this year, it will attract more Thai and foreign tourists, especially Europeans, so that people in Phayao can feed themselves from their historical tourism potential. Culture, ancient sites, natural tourism and community ways while the concept of sustainable development of Phayao. Fulfilling the government's policy on Thai tourism Make the Office of Tourism and Sports, Phayao Province. INITIATED THE KWAN PAYAO APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT PROJECT "KWAN PHAYAO" TO HELP TELL THE STORY OF KWAN PAYAO AND SURROUNDING COMMUNITIES IN ALL DIMENSIONS. In the manner of a three-dimensional image. The application will be an intermediary to help promote Mr. Narongsak said that opening as an application will be a medium of learning, especially the charity that wants the 17 communities around Kwan Phayao to know and understand their own communities in order to take care of sustainable conservation. If you can, then for a while. Benefit to travel around Phayao will expand to build Applications in each community I don't have to develop by leaps and bounds. But I want sustainable development because I don't want it to collapse like Pai. I want to make it a chill city that everyone who comes will love. Tourists have seen the lifestyle of Phayao people like the villagers. He is confident that within 5 years, Phayao's tourism will grow to 1 million people. By preparing to bring agricultural products. Enter OTOP processing plants, especially fish products from Kwan Phayao, which is famous, and will campaign for farmers to turn to coffee cultivation in the area instead of coffee imports from Laos to generate the main income for Mr. Pongsit Pongweka's area. KWAN PHAYAO APPLICATION DEVELOPER SAYS THAT THE PUBLIC RELATIONS MEDIA PROJECT OF KWAN PAYAO TOURISM WITH TECHNOLOGY Application and Augmented Reality (Application AR)" to be a media to promote Kwan Phayao tourism and to supplement tourism to be exciting and interesting to learn the content identifying tourist attractions in 4 aspects, namely natural attractions, history and archaeology. It reflects the beautiful atmosphere of Kwan Phayao in the past through GPS locator and AR Marker, which has already begun to be used by tour operators and tourists. He He said that development must start with studying historical information and important places of Phayao. The thing we think is the most amazing and interesting is the drowning temple. And the legend of the serpent that 3D movement and navel winch According to the villagers' belief that the deepest point And want to Nan to travel here because of the study of historical information. It takes 1-2 years because we can't answer whether it's true or not, and even if the application comes out, but the accuracy of asking for information is not 100% yes and no, which is something that needs to be improved, improved and added in the future to make the application sustainable. Jan.2019 Once the application can be used on smartphones, both iOS and Android, and there will be a guidebook distributed at the tourist service center in Phayao, and even if it does not come to the actual place, if you just scan the AR Marker from the book that is distributed, it will be like being in that place. Because many people may know that just a winch Phayao. It is beautiful to watch the sunrise. The sun goes down, but some people may never come down to the boat or just take a ferry to pay homage to the monks. There are also surrounding communities living simple lives. The application will reach the surrounding communities while representatives of tour operators Miss Maliwan Duangkon said that in the past, tourists only stopped by to pay homage to the royal temple and only 30 minutes to 1 hour to go back. Less than a day, I went back to Chiang Rai as far as I tried to use the application according to the trip down to Kwan Phayao, sailing to various points.  Feel excited. Fun and novelty We saw a floating Buddha. We saw the serpent, saw the temple, Tilok Monastery, it is interesting that when you click on the place, each point will see a virtual image, believe that tourists will like it, want to promote and where to visit. It is a publicity sheet in the city and outside the city, where can I travel? Entrepreneurs are ready to help promote and invite people to visit Phayao. Especially during the New Year, the weather is good. CURRENTLY, KWAN PAYAO APPLICATION "KWAN PHAYAO" Input 15 3D model tourist spots and 10 video formats distributed at different points in Kwan Phayao and surrounding communities, including the Phaya Ngam Muang Monument, Wat Si Khom Kham or Wat King Tun Luang. Analyopittayaram Temple Wat Tilok Monastery Serpent Kwan Phayao Ban Rong Hai Historic Site Pang Leelawadee Buddha statue Navel Wan Phayao "KWAN PHAYAO" can be downloaded via iOS and Android and will be available for use on January 25, 2019.  
Czech! Countdown 2019|As the countdown to 2019 prepares, many areas across Thailand hold countdown events on New Year's Eve. Welcome New Year "Thai PBS Online" This year's Countdown event features a 360-degree light and sound show under the concept of "Eclipse of Time" and performances by famous Thai artists and singers in the atmosphere of Countdown Entertainment and watch the spectacular New Year's Eve fireworks. Welcome the New Year with "OneSiam Countdown Celebration 2019" starting at 5.30 p.m., featuring a world-class World Lighting Street Show from the Netherlands and Italy at Park Paragon. First, together the countdown to the new year, government agencies Private sectors and communities along the Chao Phraya River jointly organized "Amazing Thailand Countdown 2019" on New Year's Eve 2019. The 1,400-kilometer "River of Prosperity" concept tells the history of the Chao Phraya River and the legend of Siam Pradesh. Watch the Khon show "Rama Night Nakorn Krong Muang" to honor Thailand's Khon which has been registered as a UNESCO Cultural Heritage of Humanity. There are also various activities along both sides of the Chao Phraya River to celebrate the New Year in a grand atmosphere with the port of the future. Under the theme of "The Tomorow Port", artists bring joy and entertainment as the countdown to a new era. Chiang Mai Municipality, in collaboration with many agencies, organized "Chiang Mai Countdown 2019" under the concept of "Happy Festival", fun, safe, alcohol-free, with performances from Chiang Mai youth and Lanna artists with lights, lights and fireworks on December 30-31, 2018. From 18.00 onwards, in addition, the private sector in Chiang Mai province. In addition, the Ministry of Tourism of Thailand also co-organized countdown events in many areas such as Central Festival Chiang Mai, One Nimman Project, and Suan Kaew Plaza, etc. Chiang Rai Office and Private Sector "Chiang Rai Countdown 2019" will be held at Chiang Rai Clock Tower, Banpaprakarn Road from 6.00 p.m. onwards. "Pattaya New Year 2019" is a collaboration between the City of Pattaya and the Tourism Authority of Thailand. This year, the festival will be held for 3 days and 3 nights from 29-31 December 2018. At the tourist jetty (Bali Hai Pier) and there are more than 20,000 fireworks performances along Pattaya Beach. From the dolphin roundabout to the tourist jetty of Pattaya, Khon Kaen province is preparing to hold a countdown 2019 under the theme of "Khon Kaen Colorful of Light 2019" at Muang Gate Park and Srichan Road (at the entrance to the city gate) during 25 December 2018 - 1 December 2019. Jan.2019 The event will transform the area of the illuminated garden into a glittering tunnel or Dome of Lighting. Food festival and DIY sales before counting down to a new era with 2,019 matches in Songkhla province together with Hat Yai Municipality along with government agencies and private sectors. "Night paradise hatyai countdown 2019" under the concept of "Glowing Happiness" Sanehanusorn Road, Hatyai There are many concerts and stage activities in Patong Municipality. "Patong Beach Countdown 2019" to welcome a new era 2019 during 30-31 December 2018 Patong Beach Area On December 31, there will be a joint transmission of the last sun of the year at Promthep Cape. It hopes to boost the province's tourism and generate local income. It also wants to stimulate the tourism trend in the country to be active again. 
Social Impressed by the "First Light" of 2019|tourist Post messages and photos after receiving the new sun before anyone else in Siam 2019 at Pha Taem National Park. Ubon Ratchathani Today (1 Jan 2019) Reporters reported that many tourists went to wait for the first light of 2019, especially at Pha Taem Phachana Dai. Khong Chiam Because it is the place where the sun will rise for the first time in Thailand, it is believed that the first rays of the year to enhance the power and auspiciousness to life to receive the new year brightly. Pha Taem National Park The Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Flora organized the activity "Get the New Sun First in Siam 2019" with many tourists waiting to watch the sunrise along the horizon with the Mekong River. It impressed tourists very much by Facebook user Yaya Sampong. Post a message that the parade received power from the first dawn of 2019 at Pha Taem to see the first light before anyone else in Siam. Tourists crowd Pha Taem National Park Ubon Ratchathani province all woke up to see the first light of 1/1/2019, the atmosphere was refreshing^^ #ดีจัง Like Prawat Samranjing's Facebook page. @...get the sun before anyone else in Siam# at Khong Chiam Ubon Ratchathani will see the sun about 18-22 minutes before Bangkok Meanwhile, many countries around the world have also revealed images of tourists waiting to see the first light of 2019, such as Korea and Japan.    
New Year's "Discount - Free" Checklist |Thai PBS Online includes coordinates and information on various places from the public and private sectors that give special gifts to Thai people in the Happy New Year 2019, such as free tolls, museum admission fees, etc. Free car inspection and discounts on zoo admission  The Department of Highways has waived toll fees on the Intercity Expressway (Motorway) on 2 routes, namely Motorway No. 7 (Bangkok-Chonburi) and No. 9 (Eastern Outer Ring Road during Bang Pa-In-Bang Phli) from 00.01 a.m. on Dec. 27, 2018 to 12.00 a.m. on Jan. 2, 2019, as well as the Expressway Authority of Thailand (ETA) that has waived toll fees on 2 routes, namely Burapha Withi Expressway (Bangna-Chonburi Expressway) and Kanchanapisek Expressway (Bangplee-Suksawat Expressway) from 00.01 a.m. on Dec. 27, 2018 to 12.00 a.m. on Jan. 2, 2019. Public transport facilitation is the same as every year. Transport Company Limited Provide free van transfer service to passengers who book tickets in advance of Bus Station (999) between the areas. In front of the Bangkok Bus Terminal Building (Chatuchak) and Day 27–29 This December, 17.30-20.00 hrs. SRT Co., Ltd. (Airport Rail Link) Free bus service will be held from 12.00 p.m. on December 31, 2018 to 12.00 p.m. on January 1, 2019 and extended service hours on December 31, 2018 from 05.30 a.m. to 02.00 a.m. Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited or AOT. Free parking is available at Long-Term Parking Zone C, Suvarnabhumi Airport, with a capacity of more than 700 cars from December 27, 2018 to January 2, 2019, and provides shuttle buses within Suvarnabhumi Airport to various terminals for convenience and speed, providing 24-hour service. JAN 19 Dusit Palace Plaza and Tiger Forest Stadium 70 cars scheduled to run Departure point from 09.00-21.00 hrs. Destination Point (Event Area) Buses depart every 10 minutes, the last train at 24.00 or until the public leaves the area completely. Jan. 62 runs all night. While the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (SRT) Extension of service hours for MRT Chalerm Ratchamongkol Line (Blue Line) and Chalong Ratchatham Line (Purple Line) from 06.00 a.m. on December 31, 2018 The service hours of both MRT lines have been extended from 05.00 a.m. on December 31, 2018. Until 03.00 a.m. on January 1, 2019 In addition, the Ministry of Transport has set up 714 points to serve people across Thailand, both by road and water, providing relaxing accommodation, drinking water, toilets, etc. Cold towels and facilities include travel information and vehicle inspection services. Inflate tires, water, distilled water and replace some parts for free while Highway Patrol PTT is preparing to launch 111 free sleeping rooms nationwide to facilitate and ensure the safety of travel for the public during December 27, 2018 – January 2, 24 hours a day, along with the "Don't Drive and Don't Drive Drunk" campaign. Throughout the festival period from 27 December 2018 - 4 December 2018 As well as "Bangchak", there will be no increase in oil prices during 27 December 2018-3. However, both pumps confirmed that if oil prices in the world market fall, there will be another decline in oil. 6 zoo organizations nationwide jointly organized promotions to give gifts to people visiting the zoo. Buy tickets for 3 people and get 1 person free admission during 25 December 2018-1 Each place will have various activities to welcome tourists, such as: 1. Khao Kheow Open Zoo, Chonburi Province. Open to see Mae Mali  The Lemur Return adventure offers visitors the opportunity to go up to Lemur Island and raft to the island to meet a herd of ring-tailed lemurs, and visitors can take photos and feed up close with knowledge from Zoo Keeper, who is experienced throughout the program. - Penguin Parade - Lotus Cmorb Parade - Cool off with Sandao 2. Chiang Mai Zoo Tourists will find many wild animals such as porcupines, peacocks, tigers, white tigers, deer, rhinos, hippotamus. There is also a panda exhibit during the span and Lin Hui, an ambassador from China. In addition, tourists can experience Penguin exhibit Temperatures are -7 degrees Celsius below freezing. Feel the cold of the North Pole. 3. Nakhonratchasima Zoo Open up the world of learning Bring Keeper Talk to educate all zones of the exhibit and meet new members from Dusit Zoo. Five-coloured lemurs Anaconda Meet the Big Five of the Savannah, lion, African elephant, rhinoceros, leopard and wild buffalo. Korat Zoo Lagoon Isan Sea Korat Water Park in the Eastern Region Special Entertainment Meet the artist Kong Huai Rai 4. Songkhla Zoo The first zoo in the South that is Asia's largest hornbill conservation site. Organize special events to welcome tourists. zoodane 5. Ubon Ratchathani Zoo Buy your entrance ticket to visit the zoo today. Free Admission Animal stunt and feeding show of predators with new animal show to welcome the new year with flamingo and saltwater crocodile 6. Khon Kaen Zoo Open house for new members from Dusit Zoo Tigers, leopard deer and seals on New Year's Day 2019 Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Public Organization) or Jisda Open to Youth and the general public can visit Space Inspirium for free at Space Innovation Park. Sriracha, Chonburi during 5 December 2018- January 13, 2019"Space Inspiration is Thailand's first and only learning center that inspires and inspires science, technology, and innovation ideas for children and youth. Spectators will also have the opportunity to enjoy Mars Walk, a simulator that will give players the feeling of walking in low-gravity conditions on Mars. The National Kachaban Institute under the patronage of His Majesty the King has waived admission fees to the elephant show during December 1, 2018 to February 28, 2019 for the elderly and disabled, and reduced admission fees to the elephant show for students. As well as at Phuket Aquarium, there will be an exemption from the charge of admission to the aquarium "Free and knowledgeable" during 31 December 2018-1. JAN 19 In addition, 3 museums are exempt from admission fees: National Museum of Geology, Pathum Thani Province, Sirindhorn Museum. Kalasin Province and Phu Wiang Dinosaur Museum and Research Center Khon Kaen during 29 Dec 18-1 JAN 19 Natural attractions also offer a 10% discount on accommodation during 1 December 2018 - 28 February 2019 in the Mae Yao - Mae Sai Forest Park area. Chiang Rai, Khao Krayang Forest Park, Phitsanulok, Mae Lamao Forest Park Tak Province, Thong Pha Phum Forest Park Kanchanaburi Province, Kering Krawia Forest Park Kanchanaburi Province and the National Kochaban Institute under His Patronage. New related news In the Year of the Czech Golden Pig! Countdown 2019 is organized in Thailand to avoid 11 routes to travel during the New Year. 
Recommended drinking "broccoli water" stimulates the liver, detoxifies from PM 2.5 dust. |Alternative medicine recommends drinking fresh broccoli water. Stimulates the liver to detoxify accumulated in the body. In the midst of the PM 2.5 dust situation exceeding the standard, it is recommended to reduce the consumption of grilled, grilled and fried food even today (February 2, 2019). The volume has already begun to decline somewhat, but will it return to normal? No one can tell yet, but in the past, the amount of PM 2.5 dust that exceeded the standard has caused many people to worry about the health of Dr. Banpun Chunhasvasdikul. Dean of the College of Integrative Medicine, Dhurakij Pundit University, said at a panel discussion on how to eat in a polluted society that our body already has a process of eliminating toxins. In the current situation, it is recommended to eat foods that stimulate the detoxifying organs to work well. Our body has 2 stages of detoxification process, step 1: the bronchial mucosa and liver break down toxins by binding toxins into proteins, forming fat-soluble complexes. This step requires B vitamins Folic Therefore, we should consume brown rice. Green leafy vegetables are both fresh and ripe. Fruit: Collard greens Step 2: The body changes the fatty solution to dissolve water and excretes it through bile and urine. This procedure requires sulforaphane, which is abundant in broccoli vegetables, to help the liver and lining cells break down toxins better. Johns Hopkins University Research Hopkins in China in 2014 found that drinking broccoli juice can increase the rate of toxin excretion in the urine because broccoli contains sulforaphane, which helps the liver and lining cells break down toxins. Thus, it can help excrete 61% more carcinogens and increase irritants. 23 per cent of respondents suggested that if they did not like to eat fresh broccoli. The sulforaphane substance will remain by the following methods: 1.Wash fresh broccoli with it thoroughly.2.Put it in the freezer. Then blend the pulp, it is recommended to mix green apples. Make 1 cup a daily drink to help remove toxins from the body. In addition to broccoli. It is also recommended to consume avocados and olive oil containing omega-9 and reduce the intake of grilled, grilled and fried foods. Ozone is one of the airborne toxins, so it is recommended to fast once a week by eating the same fruit all day.  
Grassroots Restaurant No more than 20 baht to be satisfied.  |In the midst of an economic situation, many people have to deal with expenses that are greater than income. A life that needs to be saved more than ever. Thai PBS recommends restaurants priced under 20 baht in the Bangkok area for sale. Today (February 11, 2019), Thai PBS will introduce you to "Taxi Restaurant". The food is good, delicious and cheap in the Bangkok area that taxi drivers are pouring their hearts out for, and it is suitable for the conditions of the rice poverty era as today. Grill shop along Kamphaeng Phet Road In front of PTT NGV gas station, indent with Chatuchak weekend market. This shop is a taxi driver. Minibus Buses and buses will stop early in the morning with 10 baht per bag of chicken and pork and 5 baht per bag of sticky rice. Free service to customers All-you-can-eat The eating atmosphere was friendly. Sponsors will stand around and eat in groups. Alternately dip the fish and pick up vegetables. Chaengwattana Road has been selling for more than 10 years, and in the 4.0 era, this shop still sells 1 curry rice for 10 baht and 2 dishes of rice for 15 baht. shopkeeper He insisted that he would sell at this price because he wanted to help low-income people with enough profit to live amid the skyrocketing cost of living against their income, making living in the city not easy. Both food shops said they would not raise prices if they were still breathing because they wanted to help grassroots people eat well.  
Valentine's Day Poll '62 wants to give love to parents|Dusit Park polled Valentine in 2019 from a sample of 7,436 people nationwide. It was found that most wanted to give love to their parents, the Ministry of Culture collaborated with Dusit Pole Park. A survey of 7,436 children, youth and the public on the topic of Love Day (February 14, Valentine's Day) found that 51.17 per cent gave the same importance as last year, 22.53 per cent did not, 10.65 per cent gave more importance than last year, 10.01 per cent gave the most importance and 5.56 per cent gave less importance than in previous years for the person who wanted to give love or send good vibes on Valentine's Day. 71.01% were parents, 31.33% boyfriends, 26.59% friends, 19.28% teachers, patrons, supervisors, and 9.72% husband and wife. 53.99 per cent said they loved them with words, 37.24 per cent had time together, 36.31 per cent said they loved them physically, such as hugging and kissing their cheeks, 22.43 per cent had roses, 21.19 per cent went on a trip together, 15.01 per cent said they loved them through social media, 14.87 per cent gave gifts such as necklaces, rings, silver and gold, and 10.56 per cent gave chocolate when asked about their opinions. The expression of modern teenagers in love. Saying love that is constructive, safe according to good traditions. 59.33 per cent of respondents said that school-aged people who are in love must be callous, do not be soft-hearted, use reason over emotions, love is reserved, 52.23 per cent family members must always be aware of being in the eyes of adults, 42.33 per cent are honest and single-minded, 37.99 per cent are not premature, 30.97 per cent go in alleys or out doors, and 29.85 per cent do not get too close to beauty in secret or in public. Be respectful and when asked if your boyfriend or lover asks for sex on Valentine's Day, how would you say no? Answer No. 1 outright denies that it is not ready, not yet, 2. May the time be right first, 3. Should we wait for us to get married first, 4. Let's see, 5. If you love us, you have to wait. And 6. If you really love each other, don't do this. While the channel used to say love 59.55 per cent said they loved them via Line, 51 per cent on the phone, 40.59 per cent via Facebook chat, 25.22 per cent on Instagram, 13.14 per cent on text or SMS, 12.52 per cent on writing cards and 2.95 per cent on WhatsApp. In order to create good values on the day of love, it was found that the respondents wanted to organize activities to invite couples, parents, friends to pay homage to the monks, make merit at 9 temples, and feed the children's orphanage. elder Children's Hospital and Priest Hospital, Short Film Contest article Video clips, activities on Thai arts and culture that demonstrate the expression of Thai love, instilling values of Thai culture through the media of television dramas, exhibitions to transfer knowledge about the day of love and love in various forms, and card making activities for loved ones, etc. 
 Google  105th Anniversary of "Lok Tok" The father of Thai comedy|Google honors "Lok Tok" as a precursor to Thailand's comedy industry by turning Google's screenshot into a doodle to commemorate the world's most important person on April 1 on the occasion of Saung's 105th birthday. Sap Samruay or Lok Tok today (1 April 2019) Reporters reported that Google had taken a cartoon image of Suksat, the 105th birthday of Mr. Suang Sap Samruay or Lok Tok, the National Artist for Performance, whose birthday was on the 1st. He died on April 30, 2002. If it remains, today will be his 105th birthday and Lok Tok received the National Artist Award for Performing Arts (comedian). From the National Cultural Commission in 1995, Lok Tok has acted and directed nearly 1,000 films. 1952 Gohab from Mae Nak Phra Khanong in 1959, Dracula Tok in 1979 and the name Lok Tok from the film near salt eat salt as Sia Lok Tok, a poor man who gets rich and forgets to cover himself. In 1952, followed by the directorial work of Doddin Kanyaman. Comedy series Sam Galor (Lok Tok - Sompong Pongmit - Doddin) The work that won the award.  
Shake hands, close your eyes. Share your problems in your heart|The closer they are, the more they love each other, like family members, why do they have the most problems, or because every day people start to forget to listen to each other? "Listening creates happiness" Learn how to listen deeply. To strengthen the meaning of relationships on a very hot day in Bangkok, but at the auditorium, Wat Ban Xavier, Victory Monument, it turned out to be interesting. Once inside, 70 people of various ages and emotions gathered to learn "how to listen deeply to others" in the "7th Listen to Create Happiness" activity by the Volunteer Bank and Thai Volunteer Bank. Together, from small to old, no one would think that listening is something to learn. Because we always hear our surroundings. Even when we don't want to be heard, is that true listening? So why do so many people choose to join in learning how to listen to others?  Ms. Tanyathorn Premjaichuen, the facilitator who designed this event, had the participants gather in groups of 3 and sit on their knees and talk to each other, but in a different format than any other conversation. The other two did not intercept or ask anything, but listened attentively and made serious eye contact. Some people have problems with their studies, others talk about work problems, including family problems. Grade 6 students explained how they felt while participating in the activity, saying that today's conversation is like releasing something inside of us, something that cannot be said to our families. After the three people in the group told the stories, the speakers switched chairs before starting to tell the story again, but instead told the story of the previous chair owner, even though some of them were able to tell others briefly. It's a long one, but there are quite a few people who tell the story of someone who listens deeply. Manisa Wandee, Private Company Employee One of the participants was interested in the science of revitalizing the human mind. Admit that it was previously someone who listened to others in a way that thought first, or that is, judged the person who said it first. Even though I didn't finish listening, I wondered why God created two ears for man, but only one mouth, until I realized that listening was actually more important than talking. But it is a starting point for ourselves to start listening to others in order to understand and choose to think accordingly rather than thinking first in order to lighten the problems that exist within others. According to the report, people who speak loudly, shouting or yelling are mostly because they cannot hear themselves. As for listening to others, While it may seem easy, learning and practicing takes practice, but the most important thing is to start by allowing yourself to be a good listener. When we are ready to listen, we may understand others more and may turn around to understand ourselves and get through difficult stories. Relationship Happiness Manager at Volunteer Bank told Thai PBS Online that society is facing judgment these days. The more space you have, the less you start to hear other people. Social media, in particular, is one of the areas where people judge others quickly and listen to others less and less, especially for those close to them who love each other so much. As a family member, why do we have the most problems, leading to questions that it may be because we have already determined that we understand them and that they understand us, that we forget to listen to each other? Year 2012 in the event name Friends volunteered to listen and have been organizing activities continuously by changing the name of the activity to Listen to Create Happiness, which in total has been organized no less than 80 times.
Spectacular training for rowers for the coronation ceremony |The Royal Thai Navy trained rowers at the Royal Navy Yard Department in Bangkok Noi, Bangkok, before being summoned to dock at Ratchaworadit Pier to honor the royal family at the coronation ceremony on May 4-6. Today (April 2, 2019)Vice Admiral Jongkol Meesawad, Deputy Chief of Naval Staff, as Chairman of the Royal Naval Convoy Preparation Committee. Visited the training of rowers on the Suphanhong Throne Ship at Dockyard No. 1, Thonburi Naval Yard. The Royal Thai Navy organized a training session for rowers on the Suphanhong Throne Hall at Dockyard No. 1, Thonburi Naval Yard. Department of the Navy Yard, Bangkok Noi, Bangkok Before being summoned to land at Ratchaworadit Pier as an offering of royal decoration according to ancient royal traditions. The coronation ceremony of His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodintornthepyavarangkoon will take place between May 4-6. By the procession of troops through Chonlamark, which His Majesty the King graciously arranged during the royal ceremony to offer Kathin cloth at Wat Arun Ratchawararam. At the end of October, the royal coronation ceremony It is a royal tradition coupled with Thai society for a long time, influenced by Indian motto. Originally, how detailed the scheme was was unknown. Even the name calling of ceremonies varies from time to time, such as the Ayutthaya period. The early Rattanakosin period was called "Royal Coronation" or "Coronation Ceremony", while now it is called "Royal Coronation", the Royal Navy has prepared to arrange the Suphanhong Throne Ship to dock at Ratchavaradit Pier for the coronation ceremony between May 4-6. A total of 52 boats at the royal ceremony presented the Kathin cloth by the Royal Legion procession through Chalmarak as part of the coronation ceremony. On His Majesty's visit to the city. This parade was the first time during the reign of King Maha Vajiralongkorn. Bodintornthepyavarangkoon for the deployment of naval personnel at this coronation ceremony. A total of 64 naval personnel, consisting of 50 oarsmen, 2 rear officers, 2 naval officers, 1 flag bearer, 1 signal crew, 1 seafarer and 7 tiered personnel, will hold a sub-drill on April 26 and a grand rehearsal on April 30. Department of Fine Arts, Klongbangkok Noi On May 8 to prepare for the procession of royal vessels. Along with the royal ceremony to offer Kathin cloth by the procession of troops through Chonlamark. At the end of the year    
Research accomplished! Chemical-free shoe polish, safe for children to use. |Rajamangala University of Technology Lanna Phitsanulok uses natural materials to produce children's shoe polish. Colorless, odorless, chemical-free Today (21 May 2019) Reporters reported that Rajamangala University of Technology Lanna Phitsanulok is researching the production of safe shoe polish. The smell is not bad, colorless, does not stain hands. For children who are starting to practice responsible shoe polishing on their own. Mrs. Suriyaporn Nipornram, Rajamangala University of Technology Lanna Phitsanulok revealed that the research was done through the project to promote product development and entrepreneurship of OTOP Lower Northern Network, Naresuan University. After an entrepreneur of a brand of shoe polish. Wanting to research chemical-free shoe polish so that children can use it safely, Mrs. Suriyaporn said shoe polish contains one of the components of a dangerous chemical which is carcinogenic. The research team selected natural raw materials. It has a PH value of not more than 5.5 to be equal to human skin. Can be used with shoes of any color. When touched by children, there is no allergic reaction or irritation. This research has evolved from shoe polish to leather cleaning wax for expensive leather bags. By selecting natural extracted oils such as citronella. Because of the ingredients of these Thai herbs. It has the ability to slow down the formation of mold and also nourishes the leather to make it more durable and can be used for a longer period of time.  
Tricycle through orchards, cruise to find giant lizards.|Charm community, Ban Kraen Bon, Rayong Province Waiting for people to experience special activities, ride a tricycle to see the orchard, cruise to see the takong or lang (giant lizard) in a shady atmosphere, and learn the traditional way of rice milling community. Rayong's famous antique sweets, take a tricycle ride to see the orchards, cruise to see the Takong or Lang (giant lizards), charm at Ban Stream Bon community, Rayong Province. Waiting for people to experience it. One of the projects to develop community-based tourism activities and routes in the Go Ea(s)t &; Go Green zone by the Office of Special Area 3 (ONDA) in collaboration with the Thai Ecotourism and Adventure Tourism Association (AOT). Join hands with the community to jointly develop the community of Ban Klaen Bon. An old community that is thought to have Mon ancestors has fled the Burmese army to settle in Rayong province when Ayutthaya was broken. Traditions and cultures blend with Thai culture to create a beautiful and harmonious culture in Ban Klaen Bon community. There is a display of community ways including soft candy making. The community's famous traditional dessert is made from glutinous rice flour stuffed with coconut. Motivate tourists There is also a demonstration of ancient rice milling methods for tourists to try out various equipment by themselves and then take a tricycle to Lungjarit Fruit Farm. Wangsai-Klong Luek Community Enterprise Group with 190 members and 1,200 rai of agricultural land helps plant, care, develop and pass on to customers with quality.  Head of Enterprise Group According to the group, the group of enterprises focuses on producing fruits for export to China because of the high price and people who pick them up from the garden. This year, the highest price of mangosteen is 135 baht and the lowest price is 60 baht. As a result, it is expected to produce more for the activities that the group of enterprises provide for tourists. There are many varieties depending on the season. Sometimes it is arranged for tourists to make soap. Make snacks and drinks from fruits, as well as demonstrate how to pick both durian and mangosteen fruits from the tree so that tourists can learn about the way of life of farmers in Rayong province by doing it by themselves. In addition, the group of enterprises is ready to provide knowledge on how to grow and care for durian and mangosteen. For those who are interested in studying to be able to produce quality A-grade fruits as well. Visit Ban Stream Bon Market to shop for dried seafood. Fruits from the garden and bags of folk wisdom from waste materials. Mrs. Urai  Petchlue, one of the sellers in the market. According to him, the market is usually open every Sunday, which is an extra income from general mercenary occupations. After shopping It's time to take a scenic cruise to see the Takong or Lang (giant lizard) hiding in bamboo groves along the Takong River, the only giant lizard found in Thailand and only found in the eastern part of the country. Because it is mainly natural habitat in Indochina countries such as Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam volunteer for boating community It starts to shut down as the ship passes through the dark shadows clinging to the branches of the trees. With expertise Use a paddle to gently push the boat so that tourists can enter the crayfish at a distance that is clearly visible but not so close that it disturbs the clump that is sleeping on the bamboo grove. Community Volunteer Paddle It also invites tourists to experience the beauty of nature and culture of Ban Stream Bon community, Rayong province by themselves.  
See the important art of the land at the National Art Museum|The National Art Museum invites the public to view important works of art at the National Art Museum, Birth Island Arts and Crafts Center. Phra Nakhon Si AyutthayaNational Art Museum Inviting the public to see important works of art of the land. Works of Queen Sirikit Institute Chitralada Park Foundation for the Promotion of Fine Arts and Crafts at the National Art Museum, Birth Island Arts and Crafts Center Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya From June 14, 2019 onwards, it will be open on Tuesday-Sunday from 10.00-15.30 hrs. For more information, please visit the www.artsofthekingdom.com website. 
Experience audition in Korea with "Bean Julsak"   |How to prepare for "audition" in Korea Thai PBS Online invites you to talk to "Julsak Hankunaset" or Bean The singer-actor and his challenging experience in the audition room led to a change in perspective on his career in the entertainment industry. It is also considered one of the hottest and widely popular entertainment waves, not just in Asia. There are still many Korean artists who have stepped into the international entertainment industry and have continued to achieve success. But becoming such a successful artist is not as easy as it seems, especially for Korean artists who are known for their discipline and seriousness in practicing Thai PBS online. Have a chance to talk to "Julsak Hankunaset" or Bean, a 32-year-old actor who has been a radio DJ and a role he has dreamed of since childhood as an artist and singer. After learning about the experience of this young man who almost auditioned for a famous South Korean record label, despite not following the Korean entertainment industry seriously, but with his childhood ambition, he learned to sing since childhood. After attending an acting school, he had the opportunity to prove his acting skills, but still wanted to follow his dream of becoming 21 a singer. You must first audition in Thailand. Therefore, he decided to participate in training before accepting the audition, focusing on singing, and went to a basic dance lesson in 1 song, which someone passed the audition to go to Korea to continue practicing before auditioning again. At that time, the training was divided into short courses, 3 weeks training in Thailand and 3 weeks training in Korea. In Thailand, the trainers are more helpful and practical, but in Korea they are professional, serious, and teach them the dance moves immediately because they think everyone can dance. After entering the room, there were 6 judges waiting for us to see us alone, then 2 Thai representatives and 1 interpreter. At that time, when I got some basic Korean, I introduced myself in Korean and then he started singing the songs that we had prepared. For auditions in Korea, everyone has to prepare 2 songs to sing, the first song can be in any language, but the second song must be in Korean. The referee told Bean: He was too old to start learning Korean, which was the most difficult test because his roots and understanding of the language took some time. In addition, developing additional dance skills is another obstacle because K-pop is important when it comes to dancing. In fact, the right person must be around 16-17 years old because it is the age when there is still time to learn and practice and it is the age that can take care of themselves. Like memorizing the choreography. It puts us under pressure to wonder why we can't. It's heavy on Bean's state of mind. I repeat, it's a person's rhythm of life. God made him to be like this. Of course, everyone has to go through a lot of training, but it takes a stronger destiny than anyone else to really get to this point, which Lisa Nichkhun or Bam Bam are those people. After returning, he continued to work in acting, but he was still into singing, so he studied for a master's degree in entertainment business management and decided to follow his dream through studying, which is to do a thesis and study the whole process, "To become a song or an artist, what do you have to do?" We started by assuming we were a camp and doing everything ourselves, going from 0 to 100 to going to artists, which would be difficult to find, so I became an artist myself and started looking for producers. Find a composer because I can only write lyrics but not melody. Then I started shooting my own music videos, hiring my own PR. In the end, all the dedication came out as a song. You... I'm forever. It became a living thesis. Let people fully feel what we have done after experiencing working in Korea. Although it is short-term, it is undeniable that most Thai artists have to look good, which here we see as different from Korea because he is that before becoming an artist, he has to go through many stages that have been very elite, even though he did not pass the audition, but during the rehearsal, he had the opportunity to experience the culture of work of the Korean music industry, including going backstage to concerts and visiting famous labels such as JYP Entertainment and SM Entertainment. When I was in Thailand. We feel that celebrities are celebrities, people who are famous in the country. Someone praised. But in Korea, his star respects the entire crew, it was an experience that allowed us to adjust our perspective on our goals as a singer or actor, because it wasn't just about being loud, but seeing what we were doing. Make people happy, is that enough? And one day the first thing that is popular is that we have to be happy with what we do. We have to change our attitude to work, not show what we have. Of course, people who go to concerts don't just want to listen to good music because they want to listen to it. But we need to wear innings to have fun. Create a performance that delivers your happiness to your audience. Suffering heals him. Stress makes him forget what he worries. Being happy makes you happier. 
Deciphering "Teacher Goodbye Letter" More true than drama.|Open "Teacher Goodbye Letter" A true story reflecting educational inequality and poverty of children to the work of street art artists, taking messages from children from different areas to write letters to teachers to take time off from school. There are about 2 million poor students at risk of not continuing their education. The story of the life of Dr. Sun Dumkum or Nong Arm The 12-year-old who wrote a goodbye letter to her homeroom teacher asking her to take a year off from school to take care of her eldest brother and take care of her 4 younger siblings. This has led to the Equitable Education Fund. Organize the project "Teacher Leave Letter Return vulnerable children from the education system to the classroom" together with relevant agencies organized activities at Chalerm La Park. Chalerm La Bridge 56 Bangkok And these are just some of the goodbye letters that were displayed in Nong Arm's letters. He turned 12 years old on May 16, 2019. This is a letter written by Dr. Pongsakorn Volunteer Guardian from Omkoi District, Chiang Mai Province. He wrote a letter saying that he was a respected Grade 5/2 homeroom teacher because I had to help my mother collect bottles and antiques to sell so that she could use the money to buy food and to get money to school. As part of a living exhibition from a network of social graffiti artists inspired by the true stories of children in many parts of the country who wrote goodbye letters to teachers to help take care of their siblings or ease the burden on their families, these artists intend to use art to reflect on the problems for Thai people to understand and contribute to solving educational inequalities by creating 7 works of art in Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Khon Kaen and Phuket. THE STREET ART GRAFFITI NETWORK SAYS THAT THIS IS A BIG LANDMARK IN BANGKOK. If the person who walks by stops looking at the work, it will cause him to ask questions in his mind, not all of them will change, but it will be the beginning and reflect on the teachers who do not remain silent about their goodbye letters. Meet with the children who own the letter, as well as representatives from 4 agencies who will share their cooperation in tackling inequality in education. That is about to begin. In the morning, Dr. Sunday or Nong Arm and Dr. Pongsakorn volunteered to protect the pride or Nong Daeng. 13-year-old from Omkoi, Chiang Mai The owner of the letter, who was used to create the artwork, represented the students to tell their stories. The two teachers joined the conversation. After receiving praise for being a teacher who does not remain silent on the problem and gives his students the opportunity to continue their education if the problem is to be systematically solved and cover at-risk children across the country using the subsidy of the Equitable Education Fund. Teachers are key to helping read related news. Acting "eldest brother" 6th grade children I would like to take a year off from school to take care of 4 younger siblings. The director of the Equitable Education Fund said some teachers noticed that some students were missing and we saw that some students wrote letters to teachers. Not asking for further study and asking for pause is a necessity to raise a younger sibling. Raising grandmothers or disabled families and earning money Sometimes many teachers understand the problem of 4 partner agencies: Office of the Equitable Education Fund and Office of the Basic Education Commission. Border Patrol Police Headquarters and Department of Local Government Promotion Affirmed that they will cooperate in solving this problem through the Special Poverty Fundamental Needs Subsidy Program using the Fund's Equitable Education Information System (iSEE) as a tracking tool. More than 400,000 teachers close to the problem will help find and screen target groups in urgent need. With more than 500,000 children in special poverty already funded, the announcement of cooperation between agencies to solve the problem of poor and disadvantaged children to have access to compulsory education today is a good sign. It may be necessary to reflect on the government and all sections of society that may begin to understand from the teacher's goodbye letter that is a work of art. Read related news Kindness extended a hand to help "Nong Arm" to stop studying to take care of 4 children Street ART Create art, be a voice for poor children.    
Change the flag to her 32 samurai flag costumes at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics|A group of Japanese manga artists changed the flags of 32 countries, creating cartoon warrior characters and putting each country's emblem on traditional Japanese clothing. To promote the Tokyo 2020 Olympics today (June 24, 2019) For Japan's hosting of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics. In addition to the government's various preparedness. The Japanese public is excited and looking forward to being a part of the world-class sports festival of Japanese manga artists. Together, they created a project to change the flags of 32 countries, created warrior cartoon characters with colors from the national flags, and put each country's emblem on traditional Japanese clothing (samurai costumes), and published it on the https://world-flags.org/ website to promote the Olympic Games. After the photo was published, #worldflags_fa gained a lot of attention as social media users in each country came to admire the cartoon characters of each country. He also thanked a group of Japanese artists who drew those cartoons beautifully, including Thais. The Olympic Games in Japan will be held from July 24 to August 9, 2020 in Tokyo, which Japan previously hosted in 1964.
Social media donates coffee barista "special child" Chiang Rai |Teacher of Chiang Rai Panyanukul School, who runs Chiang Rai Panya shop, vocational training center for students. Thank you to social media and tourists for gradually subsidizing coffee. Nectar of a barista who is a special child after yesterday (June 25, 2019) Thai PBS presents the story of a barista at Chiang Rai Panya who can't sell a cup of coffee. Even the shop is located near Wat Rong Khun The famous tourist attraction of Chiang Rai province because it is a location that tourists do not walk through, so it is a lovely and warm sight. When the excited little barista rushes out to greet him when he sees customers patronizing him. Miss Sweet Cane, 18 years old, the shop's number one barista. He told the Thai PBS news team: She is happy that customers can hardly sell because of its location behind Wat Rong Khun where she is excited to make coffee and reiterates that the shop uses good ingredients. When the news team helped to support each other, the children were happy to do the math, count the money, and thank them beautifully, saying, "I'm very excited, I've caught the money" because it's a huge sales in months. Teachers He said that today the young barista student is excited that many customers have come in 3 years after the school bought the building behind Wat Rong Khun Unlike when the shop is located in front of the temple because the customers are not regulars. In addition, the teacher thanked the power of social media to give children the opportunity to prove their skills because all children are well trained, so they want everyone to open their hearts to try the craftsmanship of special child baristas. There are 2 branches in the coffee shop, behind Wat Rong Khun and inside Chiang Rai Panyanukun School, where the school intends to open a shop for more than 400 children to practice their livelihood. After graduating from the 6th grade of secondary school.   
Ban Sam Chong Nua, Phang Nga Ecotourism Village |See the beauty of the sea way at Baan Sam Chong Nua, Phang Nga province, guaranteed with awards. Outstanding Village Beautiful House Muang Suk Year 2562 Because of the village of Sam Chong Nua, there is often rain that falls throughout the day. Mr. Surat Sumali Head of House Baan Sam Chong Nuea Kalai Takua Thung Phang Nga said that the special slogan here is "Eight rains, no sunshine", making the atmosphere throughout the visit to the village juicy. All day long. The village is divided into two lands: one on the shore and the other on the island. It has an area of 4,800 rai and the population here is about 50 houses. Ecotourism has been in operation since 2003, a year later in 2004, when faced with a tsunami, everything that was created has disappeared with the eyes, but the chief said that the villagers here do not give up when various agencies come to help after the disaster, so they use the crisis as an opportunity to build a network of eco-tourism operations to this day. The strength of the residents makes the community beautiful and there are also many awards guaranteed, including the model community of Andaman Tourism Development Zone 2017 and the OTOP Tourism Community Award at the provincial level, which is the only one of Phang Nga province. The Deputy Chief of the House is a lecturer who gives knowledge and takes a tour of various places on the island. To increase the scenery between the walks, you will find a model house called "Ban Thap Nuea", meaning temporary accommodation for fishermen in the past. Until more people lived, until it became a village here with a history of the Lay people more than 100 years ago. Present Ecotourism happens in many places, but it is special and has its own charm. People in the community are involved in the management, management of resources, conservative tours and income generation. From the resources in the community that can be obtained according to the season, equally interesting as seafood is that "mangrove honey" will have a dark black color with a slightly sweet and salty taste in 1 year. The unique color and taste are caused by bees nesting on the mangrove trees themselves. There is also a "soft shell crab" that nursery villagers sell and cook for the table as a menu for tourists to visit. There is a natural farm behind the village that tourists can visit and order conveniently, and there is also a crab conservation area to visit by canoeing or kayaking along the mangrove channel. The service fee is 100 baht per person, if you come in a large group, there is a flat price. The income into the village fund leads to the administration of the community, even though it is a small village, but many tourist attractions are called one day is not enough. It is recommended to continue sleeping to travel thoroughly because there is a home stay in the village that caters to tourists as well. After seeing the beauty of the ecosystem completely, let's come to the scenery in the middle of Phang Nga Bay. It is a popular tourist destination for both Thai and foreign tourists.  Is "Khao Ta Nail" visit. Thai nationals must pay an entrance fee to Phang Nga Bay National Park. 60 baht per person  For foreigners, 300 baht per person, travel to Khao Tapu if traveling from Sam Chong Nuea village. On the way, you will encounter a pair of trees that stand together in the middle of Phang Nga Bay until they are called "Miracle Trees Lovers", this tree will be submerged in the sea for 6-8 hours a day and will be out of the water for people to see 6-8 hours a day as well according to the time of high and low tide, which has been like this for decades. For travellers, visitors can hire a boat tour run by the villagers, who will be staffed by the villagers. It is a small village with excellent community management and is also a good option for eco-tourists who want to see the way of the sea community up close to relax and relax. In absolute peace.  
Qinghai, China's largest saltwater lake|Qinghai Lake, China's largest needle lake, is located in Qinghai province, with an area of about 4,500 square kilometers. The species of waterfowl are increasing, and the human access area has not changed. As one of the Thai media outlets, China Report ASEAN and China International Publishing Group (CIPG) were invited to visit important places of conservation, both cultural and natural heritage conservation, and "Qinghai Lake" is the place where the delegation visited the natural heritage conservation work of China in Qinghai Province, China. Yangtze River and Mekong River or Lanchang first touch After leaving the airport, Qinghai province has mountainous terrain and valleys about 3,000 meters above sea level. Visiting Lake Qinghai, the delegation departed about 150 kilometers from Xining City, along the way a large green meadow contrasting with the color of rice stalks lettuce, bright yellow flowering plants. Combined with the cool weather, tourists can't wait to stop for a photo stop and take a break with sweet cantaloupe, the outstanding fruit here tastes very sweet and delicious. After finally arriving at Qinghai Lake, I couldn't believe my eyes that this was a vast lake of water. If you drive around the lake, There are also 2 small islands in the lake. Qinghai Lake Caused by the movement of the earth's crust, and this area becomes a sinkhole, so nearby bodies of water flow here. There are many minerals, especially high in sodium, making them salty from nature. Another highlight here is that there is only water flowing in. It never flows outside the United Nations. Classified Qinghai Lake as an important wetland in the world. In winter, it can be as cold as -30 degrees Celsius until the lake freezes. An average of 17,000 tourists, mostly Chinese, come from different provinces a day, and many come here for the first time. Designed to allow tourists to do many activities such as pedaling, balloon rides, cycling, and with its territory adjacent to Tibet, there are many spots for tourists to feel the atmosphere. There are nearly 40 hotels, with prices ranging from overnight rates to tourists with prices as high as RMB 2,600 and as low as CNY1,600 during summer and autumn, especially July. The scenery here is stunning. Some days, the lake has so many colors that it is called the "7-color lake". According to wild bird conservation officials, Qinghai Lake has been designated as a nature reserve since 1997, and intensive conservation measures have resulted in an increase in the number of waterfowl species from 65 species to 95 species. Wetlands are increasing. While the human-occupied area has almost no change with a surface area of 4520 square kilometers. The conservation of the area here consists of many parts, such as the wetlands around the lake, which are world-important wetlands and nature conservation parks, of which there are 474 throughout China. Activities that can be done There is eco-tourism. Nature Touch Research and study tours Qinghai Lake is also featured in the conservation of wild birds. It is an important stopover for birds migrating from West and East Asia due to its unique climate and diverse terrain. As a result, the area has relatively high biodiversity. There are as many as 225 species, now Qinghai Lake is beginning to be widely recognized. Sun Jianqing also said that he expects more people to be aware of the importance of conservation and development of the area, as well as to visit more here. Qinghai Lake is regarded as a reflection of the care of tourist attractions along with serious conservation work in China, leading to the recognition of Lake Qinghai and dubbed it the crown of tourism of Qinghai Province. Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, Thai PBS Reporter
Reviving cotton tui back to the way of weaving "watermark now", the only Phu Luang|Opening the heart of "Sirinya Thongbab", who awakened the community of Ban Sri Charoen, Loei Wangsai Phu Luang District, Loei Province To return to grow Tui cotton and start to preserve local wisdom in cotton weaving under the name "Khun Nam Loei" until generating income for the community and preparing to protect the ancient cotton tree and Loei Sirinya Thongbab cloth pattern. Ban Sri Charoen Loei Wangsai Phu Luang, Loei Recall his childhood with a fai cotton that had been lost for almost 50 years, until returning to his hometown again during the bubble burst, forcing him to quit his job at Sirinya Weaving Factory. I saw other communities weaving cotton. When I saw him weaving, I thought that I was skilled and wanted to generate income for the community until it became a driving force for the integration of the elderly in the community. The flowers are bigger, every house will be planted the same way, so the city is very cold. Everyone needs cotton to make blankets, duvets and everyday use, cotton is softer, has bigger flowers, darker colors, and is a traditional variety that is grown year after year. The elders must plant it. Because it takes cotton to tie your arms is Ty's way. It must be from birth to death, and the cotton way of bonding began on that day. Come back and gather knowledge from the elders in the community of Ban Sri Charoen. After almost 50 years of fading these ways, Sirinya said that not only does she encourage the group to grow Tui cotton from extinction, but also to look for natural colors derived from its local leaves and plants as the village is located between the National Forest and Phu Luang Wildlife Sanctuary. It's upstream. As a result, there is a diversification of bioresource bases as to be used as a cost. What color can be a leaf or plant? Trial and error. When I developed various colors from the elders who made them, until I got a variety of colors, such as light brown, yellow. Purple from the bark, but it does not emphasize flashy because the property of Tui cotton is that it must be brown tone, and the more the fabric washed, the softer today, the Tui cotton of Ban Sri Charoen community. It has become a famous product both in woven form and processed into products. Scarves, hats, and cloths under the name of the water lord. Generate income for the community as well. Income is managed into the community by deducting 20 baht per 100 baht and dividing it into various expenses, while the other 10 baht will be transportation costs for customers. Sinsiha Sri Charoen villagers in the 64-year-old who said that the tui cotton and weaving have long disappeared because people do not want to do it anymore because the process is complicated and the tui cotton itself has no value. The old people began to see the importance of passing on the tasks that each person was good at, and pretending to come together to work, helping to preserve wisdom from disappearing again. Sirinya He said he was proud that Tui cotton had become a proud product for the community. The children went back and asked for wisdom and told them all. Which is the expectation that I want the wisdom of my grandparents to inherit. Like the motto "The City of Cotton Blossoms", I want our cotton flowers to remain with the city of the Thai way. In addition, the Ministry of Commerce is preparing to apply for the protection of Tui cotton trees, which are indigenous cotton varieties, and request for registration of Geographical Indications (GI) to design the first hand-woven cotton pattern of Baan Sri Charoen community. The newly invented pattern has been successfully invented by the Bio-based Economic Development Agency (BEDO). It helps to expand knowledge, strengthen communities, and manage sustainable markets in a way that protects the environment and natural resources that cost these products. Niratisayakul Director, Bio-based Economic Development Agency (BEDO) Said that from the field of Ban Sri Charoen community. Lay Wang Sai will be a model village that wants to be a pilot area in a place with biodiversity and local wisdom, which is considered the strength of development and learning, and then developed into products and services that make brothers and sisters earn income. Find marketing channels and create protection for what the brothers think of as intellectual property that is not used or exploited by entrepreneurs without sharing. The mechanism at Bedo It is used to explore and learn to know that biodiversity is the cost of raw materials. Lead the production process that develops quality products. When the income is generated, it must be diverted back to the resource base, and then protected to preserve the community's trade secrets. It is another resolution to be saved if anyone uses the current benefits of Ban Sri Charoen. It is considered a model community that uses "biotourism" as a marketing channel, starting to have foreign tourists know to gradually visit the village continuously. The community feels proud to take care of the protection of its local bioresources. More importantly, they can generate income from various activities without having to travel to remote areas. And the produce in the community can generate income.  
Discover the charm of history through the digital "Narumit Palace"|Thai PBS Online Special Interview with "Khun Mai" Lady Sirikitiya Jensen on the goal of the exhibition "Narumit Palace in the Dimension of Time" in digital format through Google Arts & Culture and the study of history through the role of the philologist. The Department of Fine Arts' concept of using technology to recount the historical charm that may be difficult in a new perspective is closer to "Khun New". Lady Sirikitiya Jensen As the director of the project, the study assumed the auspicious palace style (Wang Na) and conveyed it with technology. Department of Fine Arts It's not often that people have the opportunity to experience the atmosphere in the palace. But today, everyone can see and hear the story of "Wang Na" in many dimensions through the exhibition "Wang Na Ruemit in the Dimension of Time" in digital format through Google Arts & Culture at their fingertips. In the Ayutthaya period, where this palace position first appeared. Since the Sukhothai period, in the year 2028, a long history full of time complexities that even people who have studied Thai history since childhood will not be easy. These intriguing stories become a challenge for "Khun Mai", who did not grow up in Thailand and has almost no background in history in this area. At first, I only knew that the front palace used to be the throne hall, but this area has a complicated history because there is not only one era of history because actually this place existed before the Rattanakosin period because it is an area with temples. Therefore, we want to convey history that is not a single plane, but can be played and enjoyed by choosing technology to help with multiple dimensions. In addition, I want to convey these stories to everyone to understand by not just reading, but choosing colors, lighting, emphasizing natural light to make adjustments from morning to evening. Times have changed. Many people ask why you like to use a camera because you feel that the pictures taken from a film camera do not need to say anything, there is no need to read anything. Just by looking at the photo, you can understand and feel in your mind immediately. Use the exclusivity of technology to blend these details as much as possible into a real exhibition with your new work. As a Philologist, Office of Literature and History The Department of Fine Arts is another main goal of conveying history through new perspectives to encourage people to be interested in Thai culture and history and to work on the culture of choosing platforms for people to access by using technology as a technique to reach the target audience such as young people from high school to 30 years old to encourage people to think that history is something in life and something related to themselves. It's not just hard to access, and most importantly, history is an endless search. It was revealed that murals are my favorite thing when studying history. Despite having the opportunity to visit the area every day, which is an area that I have seen since childhood, I overlook the history of the area. In the past, this front palace was a grand palace and was built along with the royal palace. This may be one of the charms of the front palace waiting for people to find a start in the study of history, knowledge that may only be 20%, making it understood that working in this field is a single plane. historian architect, which suggests that even the same thing. Instead, each person has a different perspective. Because what interests each person is different, until learning history becomes really fun, history is not only in books, but can be learned through music. "Suan Plu" to sing to accompany the exhibition to have more dimension. Like a foreigner who doesn't understand Thai. If he listens to music, he can access history without memorizing it. Everyone can experience history in various dimensions to make it more accessible and understandable through the digital exhibition "Wang Na Ruemit in the Dimension of Time", which is divided into 4 parts, collecting 138 creative works and 4 Street View images for exploring "Wang Na" from different perspectives. Those interested can view the exhibition "Narumit Palace in the Dimension of Time" in digital format on the Google Arts & Culture website or Google Arts & Culture application on both iOS and Android. 
It's going to be cold this year. Here are 3 things to prepare before the cold weather arrives and prices surge. |The anomalies that occur during September 23-26 (winter season) or winter tell us to be prepared. It's cold before the end of September. It's not really winter, but it's just a seasonal anomaly, which is likely to be pretended to be pretended to be practiced by Thais in an era of familiarity. "Pre Order" "Pre Wedding" For the phenomenon of "lost season" that occurs this year, permission to jokingly call it a "pre-winter" of winter that has not yet taken place. The weather is not as cold as in European countries. Therefore, preparing winter gear in our home with selected samples to help inspire this winter can be both an outfit and an accessory in one piece. A sweater that is not very thick is another popular item that almost every girl must have. In addition to helping to prevent the wind from cooling your head, it is also suitable for street fashion. Thanks : Images & Info winter-outfits-street-style (from web shopspotter.in.th) https://shopspotter.in.th/content/winter-outfits-street-style more: fall-winter-fashion-trends (from web glowsly.com)https://glowsly.com/fall-winter-fashion-trends/?fbclid=IwAR3e4YMj4co5J2rmUipU2INgAz091Ye2Em4w8yrYswI2KPR-6qkPKW1khSA  
What does the world search for on Google?|Thai PBS Online Compiling the most popular search terms in 2018 from global trends, and many countries including Thailand that have searched through the popular search site Google.com, these popular search terms summarize the milestones throughout 2018 with global interest.
 For Google.com, while the Alexa website published data indicating that Thais choose Google.com as the number 1, followed by Youtube.com, 3rd, Google.co.th, 4th, Pantip.com and Line.me at number 5.21 It found that 7 out of 10 search terms were the names of dramas or series that aired in 2018, including popular news such as the 30 million lottery and the 2018 World Cup, as well as the death of famous actor Oh Varut Woratham. Google.com also compiled a list of search queries on the  website and released statistics on the top 10 global search queries for 2018, while Google.com also released statistics on the top 10 most popular search queries. In other countries, such as:   
Bangkok - Sukhothai ranks among 66 new UNESCO Creative Cities|Bangkok - Sukhothai has been selected as one of the 66 cities in the UNESCO New Creative Cities Network 2019 as a laboratory for thought and innovation for sustainable urban development today (November 1, 2019). UNESCO's New Creative Cities Network By the Director-General of UNESCO As a laboratory of thought and innovation, Bring tangible engagement In order to achieve the Sustainable Urban Development Goals for the 66 New Creative Cities of UNESCO, two provinces in Thailand were selected: Bangkok was selected as the new Creative City in the Design category, while Sukhothai was selected as the New Creative City. Crafts and Folk Art, while Asian countries have chosen many cities, including Asahikawa in Japan. Cebu City of the Philippines and Hanoi, Vietnam were selected in the Design category. India elected for Food Production In addition, the city of Mumbai India and Jinju, South Korea, was selected in the Crafts and Folk Arts category. Wonju City was selected in the literary category. For China Nanjing City was selected in the field of literature. Yangzhou was selected in the field of food processing. Currently, the UNESCO Creative Cities Network has 246 cities, with member cities that are part of the network coming from all continents and regions with different income levels and populations. Through creativity and the creative economy, which are at the core of the Urban Development Plan to make cities safe, resilient, inclusive and sustainable, in line with UN policy in 2030. On the Agenda for Sustainable Urban Development 
Breath "Manorah" Trang City |Local Researcher, Trang Province, Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Board Resurrect Manohra Including the youth descendants of Manohra group continue to breathe centuries of ancient art not to be lost. The sound of the hunting song to sing together perfectly according to the rhythm of the outer pi, intersecting with the sound of tapping, drumming, heading, saying that it is time to perform the Manohra dance. Ancient Southern Performing Arts Little Boy Wearing a red stingray, wearing a hunter's face mask, pointing fingers at the pulsating rhythm of the music, even though it looks awkward as a child, it brings smiles to the guests waiting behind the scenes. 6 actors after paying homage to their teachers, all helping each other make up I wore a beaded manohra dress with bright colors contrasting with the dark face and showing off the swan rhyme show. Mr. Supawat Sirirak Ban Na Yong Youth Trang descendants of Manohra teacher lineage convey stories and impressions. After he trained for more than 6 years, Nora danced for 6 years from 1st grade to the end. Grade 6 partly because of personal preference, and at home I have Manohra descent. When I wore it, it was my personal preference, so I practiced until now that I have performed Manohra dance at the provincial level for many stages. If you ask about the different charms of Manohra dance. Abdullah A Say Manohra Trang Beating Time The wording will have 3 laces as a unique pose depending on the performers who will have their own unique pose. He said that unlike other dances, Manohra dance only has beads that need to be threaded by hand. Than to be one set, it must be made from elaborate hands, the house has a manohra shelf. In the past, Nora's grandparents were Manohrah, but when the times changed, they didn't inherit until they finally became me. It is called if there is a lineage, it must be inherited. If you don't accept it as if you give something good, we don't accept it, it's not good, but I personally inherit it and still want to carry on the Manohra not to be lost. Trang It is one of the provinces in the south with a lot of Manohra and has a history of more than 100 years until there is a phrase that people in the provinces often talk about Trang people as "come from Trang or Nora movie", Nora Trang teacher is famous and well-known such as Khun Faith Jai Pak (Nora Sringern), Nora Toem Ong Seng and Nora Pan beauty instrument "Manohra or Nora" is a traditional performing art unique to the South. The person who dances Nora must be skilled, versatile, and not everyone can be Nora, because Nora is the chosen one of the sacred, Dr. Nora. In the past, Nora was a profession of honor and glory. Commissioner, because of who is Nora? In addition to generating income, it has also been widely respected. Previously, in 2004, the Research Coordination Center for Local Affairs, Trang Province. Under the support of the Thailand Research Fund (TRF) has supported The research project on the continuation of Manohra Khok Saba folk art, which is the district with the most Manohra faculties in Na Yong district, is as many as 9 faculty. It was an era when people became popular with Nora again. As a result, there are more Manohra faculties in the parish. There was a mutual exchange of learning between different faculties of Manohrah. From where Nora always competed in the past. Many troupes are competitors in art and culture. Some performances require rituals and others in tandem. Therefore, they do not want to reveal it. But when they enter the research process, there is an exchange of knowledge between each other. Embrace differences and respect each other as descendants of Dr. Nora's teacher and push for the school curriculum. It is a place to study for children, youth and outsiders, all of which are new phenomena that arise from research. As a result, the project was selected as an outstanding research project of the TRU in 2006. Teacher Ratri Haschai Researcher, Manohra House Na Yong District, Trang Province He said that he gathered knowledge about the Manohra Faculty in Na Yong District, Trang Province, by keeping records of all Manohra Faculty in Na Yong District. There are 21 faculties scattered in every sub-district. It is divided into 20 ancient Manohra troupes and an applied Manohra troupe or Manohra performance along with a country band. Watching the actual performance and interviewing the actor, Ms. Nora, the night teacher, said that the students The CSA who participated in the research team also learned Manohra until he was able to perform at various events. It's a talent to make money for yourself. Use your free time to benefit and be a part of the legacy of Manohra art. I also said that we can't determine which one is best. The ritual is traditional, but in the dance show, we select the performers, such as the swan rhyme. If you go to a party, do 12 dances and play poetry. Ancient scripts such as Tha Pathom And if the actor is good at improvised songs, he will play improvised poetry and drive a fight between 2 people. When we have studied it, we want this ancient art to continue, the important finding is that for the people of Na Yong Nora is not just a performance, but a symbol, a mediation between Dr. Nora teacher and the owner of the house or descendants of Nora descent. Dr. Nora is a sacred place in the house, an anchor in the mind, a refuge, a center for uniting people's powers that create a sense of collectivity. It can be called a sacred thing that influences beliefs, beliefs are intertwined with the way of life from birth to death, what I want to see is not to want Manohra art to be lost. If no one inherits it, it will be lost. Our research ends here. Flagging that Baan Manohra will be a cultural attraction, especially Manohra performances. I want a kid who doesn't have a job outside of school pulled in here. The community comes to sell things, children come to play Nora, they will earn money, everyone brings money to the community.     
The 76-year-old grandfather lost half a million to sign up for a marathon.|Thai PBS has opened up to Somkiat Jindakul, who has paid half a million baht to run marathons for 20 years, despite being the last finisher in many ways, but what he hopes is to be healthy and not lose his job despite being 76 years old. Many people are willing to pay for almost every course because they want to be healthy, make new friends on the track, and get close to famous celebrities who will participate in the big races as well. And some people, if they prepare to train well, may get the prize money with their hands back with the first step of running, many people are different, may come out to run because of poor health, run after friends, but this marathon runner that the Thai PBS news team will bring to get to know Instead, he started running because he "didn't want to lose his job". Must know this net idol runner. He is Mr. Somkiat Jindakul. 76-year-old Bangkok resident The owner of the nickname Grandfather of the marathon runner started running at the age of 50 and has been running for 20 years, losing half a million baht in the registration fee. The turning point was to work, and then Somkiat started running step by step. He said he never regretted money. Sign up for half a million marathons because it's worth what he's earned. Even though he is 76 years old, the company still chooses to continue hiring because he is still healthy. It is also not a burden on colleagues, whether the running field is near or far. Somkiat said he'd try to run every track. He has run more than 1,000 courses, has received many medals, including plaques, from crossing the finish line in the top 5 70 UP class, while the distance that he ran was a 10.5-kilometer mini-marathon that took about 1 hour and 50 minutes. Even though every participating course is the last person to cross the finish line today, Somkiyarati still runs every morning and evening. Before going to work, I wake up at 5:30 a.m. and run for 1 hour. After work, they will run for another 1 hour, doing it every day. Tirelessly, as far as your body can handle. Don't put pressure on yourself from talking to Thai PBS. He also remembers accurately. No forgetfulness. Every time I leave the house to run with my friends. The family has never worried because they believe that there is no forgetfulness or Alzheimer's disease, just as older people of the same age often suffer from this problem even after more than a thousand courses. Since Toon is a junior in the rose garden, he wants to join the same run. To contribute to the construction of hospitals and purchase medical equipment.  
The return of "Soundabout " The charm of analog-era cassette player technology|Soundabout player charm The latest analog tape player technology has returned to the hearts of teenagers if you ask people over the age of 35 if they still remember the feeling of having their first soundabout. Many people think of the joy that comes from the freedom to "carry" music with them wherever they go. In the bag, you must have a sound-about, or as Japan calls it "Walkman", with several cassette tapes as your travel companion. The first portable cassette player, or Walkman, was produced and released for the first time on July 1, 1979 under Sony's TPS-L2 Sound about model. The era of CDs, mini-discs, MP3s to the era of listening to music through streaming, but there are still many people who are interested and want to have a sound-about in their possession. Especially teenagers who grew up in the digital age who saw the charm of analog rides. "Most of my customers are teenagers who weren't born in the cassette era, but seen in modern movies and series like Guardians of the Galaxy. The hero will listen to music through the first portable cassette player, the TPS-L2 model. The price has jumped from 5,000-6,000 baht to 16,000 baht." The 36-year-old second-hand sound-about repairman and distributor answered a question when asked "who" was his main customer. Monthawat or "Watch" studied electronics from the Metropolitan Polytechnic College. He currently works full-time as a graphic designer, but as a child, he dreamed of having his own soundabout machine. But it cannot be bought because the price is out of reach. "The first is the first model to be released. The second machine is like the pinnacle of technological development. There are many tricks. The color of the machine is sequined like insect wings over it. This machine sounds very good and other people buy it because it is often unruly, I am the only one who can use it." Currently, Monthawat has a hobby as a soundabout repairman and has become a hobby that generates income as well as the main income. Two defective tools were imported from Japan. Once the repair is complete, it is sold on Facebook groups that are interested. Open a personal page called "Saleng" and sell it at the flea market "Watch". Start as a mechanic by buying a second-hand soundabout machine from the antique market that you used and get a broken one. I dismantled the machine and repaired it using my knowledge of electronics technicians with some background plus asking other technicians in the Facebook group to repair it successfully. I remember buying 650 baht, ordered a belt to replace about 200 baht, a total of less than 1,000 baht, so I agreed to exchange for more expensive headphones." Because the price of one tool is high. The machine I acquired has been repaired many times, wrecked, but I'm slowly Learn to repair on your own. "At first, I tried to repair all brands. Once in a while, he learned that he couldn't fix everything. Because spare parts and durability of each brand are not the same. Therefore, choose to repair only certain brands with a lot of spare parts. Sturdy body Some brands, some models can't be repaired. Broken gears Breakdown system, plastic frame. When the product sold better than expected, "Montawat" started investing in buying second-hand toys from Japan through a Japanese online sales website. Based on the experience of ordering toys online from China to sell at flea markets previously. "The first round invested by dividing the savings saved for my child 40,000 baht, if I deposited with the bank, I got a little interest, so I tried to divide it out 10,000 baht, ordered 10 machines in, at that time invested about 6,000 baht, including a little more shipping. Thai people use Japan's worth a little bit, they throw it away. The condition inside is therefore quite good. When I first turned it on, I was shocked, it was completely new, but I could fix it, because it was rotten in Thailand, because it was very difficult to repair." The first round brought in 10 machines, 8 in good condition, some just changed the belt. Cleaning the internal system is now available because he takes good care of it, repairs and sells it all, ranging from 600 baht to more than a thousand baht, which is considered worth repairing and earning as well"Above all, it is accepted by people close to him, whether it is his wife or mother, who did not agree with his hobbies at first because he looked anywhere in the house full of rides that did not work. As a teenager, they will like models that are strange, such as those that are shaped like beans, called bean models, these will all be booked." But since most "teen" customers don't keep up with the cassette era. When you buy a device, you often encounter unexpected problems such as not being able to insert the battery because you are familiar with rechargeable batteries. But the Sound About player uses mostly 2A-3A batteries. Some people call back to ask how to insert the battery"Some people call in the middle of the night saying that they can't put batteries, how to put them, how to put them in polarity. Some people don't know how to put cassette tapes, trying to stuff them into the machine instead of the lid. "Children today are born with mobile phones. The music files loaded, so I wasn't familiar with them. But he's curious, curious, wants to study. Especially now it's like a fashion, a trend. Throughout this year, the trend has been very strong. Only people want and seek. I can barely fix it in time." At present, there are new manufacturers of sound about the device (number one) released for sale, but it is a basic player for collecting or using easily and has a high price, which "Montawat" sees as not a problem for the second-hand player market. Old machines that have emerged in the era when the manufacturing industry has developed to the maximum of technology have superior features and techniques"Many machines have noise cancellation, or if you want to listen to ambient sounds, press the button to hear ambient sounds. Some models are equipped with an automatic tape rewinding system. Rewind at the end of the song. Automatically return the tape from page A to page B, or record audio. Each model will have a different charm"Watch" told about the main repair methods that in addition to replacing the belt with a new one, it will use the method of removing parts from the same machine to put on. Replace defective parts. Some machines can be repaired. You have to remove parts from 4-5 other machines because you have to choose good parts. The most complete machine. Put it together, collector. The return of cassette tapes With increasing the popularity, there are also "customers" who see these players as a set of works of art and will choose to collect them as "box sets" or box sets. If it's a "box set" event, it will cost a little more, and it will take half a year to collect it to get all the equipment as cassette cartridges are making a comeback. Famous international artists with loyal fans The music will be produced as cassette cassette for music fans to collect and become rare, and artists in Thailand, both old and new, will turn to produce more cassette cassette works. As a result, Sound About players are back in demand." Having to take it from another machine to switch it will not be or more rare. Some machines require spare parts from similar models in case they can't find the right model." Most of them are self-taught technicians. For example, I have repaired many broken machines, before repairing it, who is interested in learning to repair, there will be a group of technicians on Facebook who come to talk and exchange learning. Because there's no school that teaches it. It's an old one. No one is open to school. "It's very nice to see it spin again. Watching the tape spinning in the player is fascinating. It's something we can touch. The more I open the cover of the tape, sit and read the lyrics from the cover of the tape, it's very enjoyable and something that can't be found in digital media."
Small fields in big cities|Space available Even on the rooftop, roof of the house, or a small yard behind the house, you can now farm. Change the perspective towards rice and the new dimension of farming who says rice growers only Only farmers may have to change their perspective because they just have space. Even on the rooftop, roof of the house or a small courtyard behind the house, you can farm and start with the 1-rai terraced field on the rooftop of Puai 100th Anniversary Learning Park Building, Thammasat University, Rangsit, Khlong Luang District. "Hom Thammasat" is a variety of rice developed by Thammasat University, it is a rice that can be grown at any time, only 90-110 days to eat, and it is also guaranteed to be 100% safe because no chemicals are used in production. Asst.Prof.Dr.Parinya Dewanrumitkul Vice President for Sustainability and Management Rangsit Center with faculty Students and alumni Harvested rice to bring the rice to further propagation. It will be used to welcome new students in the next academic year, making it both a source of food production, a source of learning, and also a refuge for farmers. Agricultural Specialist Thammasat University The person in charge of rice varieties said that in the past, Thammasat University had divided some varieties of rice with farmers as well. Make it today. In addition to here, Thammasat Hom is also scattered throughout the country, Asst. Prof. Dr. Parinya said that he wants people to come here to learn the way of farmers. What do farmers need to do? And the most important thing is to become self-reliant and eat healthy food. Even though organic products are expensive, if they get sick, the cost of treatment is even more expensive. Therefore, I want this place to promote healthy agriculture as an opportunity for both producers and consumers. On the other side of Bangkok's perimeter, Nakhon Chaisri district, Nakhon Pathom province, there is an eye-catching green rice field like no other because it is a round shape of 50 square meters. The owner of this field is called "Nana Eco Sundaree", a paddy field designed to reminisce about the way of life of the farmers in the traditional rice fields. He sees it as beautiful and aesthetically pleasing, which is rare in modern rice fields, Dr. Vijit also told me that not using pesticides. Do not use grass killers. The water is clear, there are crabs, fish, shellfish or some animals that the villagers around there have not seen for a long time. He also said that in the conclusion of the research, he saw new opportunities in farming that could develop beautiful rice fields into tourist attractions. Because nowadays people like to visit the fields or make modern coffee shops with fields as well. In terms of rice produced. Can also be used to make brand new brands. As you have seen natural rice, moral rice that says that the farmer is virtuous as a grower, ours can be rice grown with aesthetics. It's not just about being non-toxic or virtuous, it's about rice born from artistic concepts. Even though the research process is over today, the style of Na Wong was reinitiated in the open air beside Studio Vijit in Phutthamonthon district, Nakhon Pathom province, a small area sloping with mortar, paved with soil and waterlogged to prepare for rice planting. In other words, rice is not bought anywhere else to eat in the studio of this rice grower, still maintaining the traditional Thai way of life. Reflecting through wooden plate cabinet stove The wooden terrace and the house have a basement, which Dr. Vijit says shows that his life has more time and more pleasure in life than when he was in the city limits. Pichayaporn Phosanga, Thai PBS Reporter  
"Invite, taste, smell new rice" Opportunities for Thai rice to open up markets|The ancient people ate hard rice, while central Thai food is popular with jasmine rice or softer ground rice like hom patum or fragrant suphan. People in the North-Northeast prefer to eat new sticky rice because it is soft and fragrant. But how many people have eaten various varieties of rice and know where the rice comes from, how useful it is, growing, harvesting, kneading, and storing are 4 steps to become rice for people to eat. Different harvest seasons such as rice paddy and annual rice And the harvesting process that ends with drying the rice that must be dried in about 3 suns according to the language of the farmer, means to reduce the moisture content in the paddy to only 15% before kneading by hand or may use a machine to get the rice out of the trunk until the last step is to store it in a barn or a well-ventilated place. If the moisture content is maintained at 15 percent, the rice will retain its aroma, said Prof. Prapas Pintabsong, director of the Institute of Social Research, Chulalongkorn University, in the preface to the book "Thai Rice: From the Field to Our Belly" prepared by the Human Security and Equality Research Unit. Eat hard rice, cook up a pot, fill your stomach, maybe because you have a lot of children, but if you look at the aesthetic angle of hard rice, it is delicious to eat with orange curry, roasted curry or side dishes with curry sauce, as in the south, popular to eat hard rice, including many varieties of rice grown in the south. Central Thai cuisine is commonly eaten with softer ground rice such as jasmine rice or other similar rice varieties. As for the meal of Northerners or Isaan people, you will find that the new glutinous rice that has just been harvested will have a high price. Especially when steamed with a steamer, it will stick and arrange beautiful pellets. But from the perspective of rice eaters, how many varieties of rice do you know, or even if you have eaten many varieties of rice, we may not know what kind of rice we eat. Where did it come from, and what are its benefits? Not to mention hundreds of thousands, tens of thousands of varieties of Thai rice that have never been eaten and never known before. Organizing the "New Rice Festival at the Amazing Thai Rice Festival" of the Government Farmers Network Academic Department, Non-Governmental Organization and Thai PBS Television Station One of the main aims is to enhance the aesthetics of society while promoting the uniqueness and diversity of rice culture and genetics. Both rice growers, rice sellers, and rice eaters, Dr. Deshrat Sukkurd. Academician in Agricultural and Resource Economics in charge of designing activities. By bringing more than 30 varieties of Thai rice to cook for you to try and invite each other to vote on which rice variety they like the most. Because of the list of rice varieties that were brought to taste at the event. Dr. Deshrat Key observations were observed during the event. It was found that most consumers know no more than 10 varieties of rice and are interested in other varieties of rice that they do not know. They have never tasted it and choose to eat it compared to familiar rice varieties. They also pay a lot of attention and concentrate on tasting. They must rate their appearance, color, aroma, softness, taste, and overall preferences, as well as the price of rice that should be appropriate to buy. Preliminary score analysis results It was found that consumer preferences are divided into 3 main groups: 1) those that emphasize the "softness" of rice, 2) those that emphasize the "taste" of rice, which usually refers to the taste that is unique to each variety (e.g. Paka Ampul rice, Ginseng Mali rice will score very high in this section), and 3) Group that focuses on the "aroma" of each variety, such as red jasmine rice. Red glutinous rice Glutinous rice forgotten husband will get a very high score in this section. The tasting results are divided into 4 characteristics. Dr. Deshrat also stated that the interesting thing is that the opinion about the price of rice appears that consumers also give famous varieties of rice. There is a higher price of rice, such as drip conch rice. Glutinous rice forgets husband Onion onyx rice While some varieties of rice tasters prefer it, it is not a famous one, it has undervalued. There is a very important part in pricing. Pakaampul rice and red glutinous rice with high ratings averaging 70 baht/kg after this. Dr. Deshrat and the Alternative Agriculture Network will send the results of complete data analysis to farmers who produce rice varieties to further develop both production and marketing of the results from the It is an opportunity to develop Thai traditional rice to become the favorite rice of consumers. This will help increase the value of different varieties of rice, the conversation after the activity on "Opportunities of Thai Indigenous Rice to an Open Market" Khun Klang Khukhanthin Chefs who make food from safe and sustainable ingredients with Dr. Decharat Sukkurd made an interesting comment. He said that the difficulty and challenge of developing food products is similar to creating new innovations. If you want to develop the specialty of rice, you need to research what his rice is best for, such as pairing rice dishes. When you get an answer, it will help create a unique identity for the rice and the menu. Production is not about focusing on large quantities of production, but on using raw materials as creatively as possible. While the manufacturer itself It takes perseverance. Not compromising on quality, but must have a determination to lead the rice to the end of what it can be. This is an opportunity for an open market, both in terms of the popularity of consuming local products or even expanding into sustainable food tourism or gastronomic tourism. People embrace locality, individuality. Going back to study old wisdom Dedication and expansion is another way that manufacturers in many countries around the world have already achieved. In terms of creating added value from existing output. Dr. Deshrat sees that it can be developed by giving an example of fragrant rice that besides delicious rice, another very fragrant thing is soap, which is made from grits, which used to sell only 12 baht per kilogram, but when used to make soap, it sold for 60-80 baht per bar. Manufacturers don't have to worry about their overall market share because of the time they sell. We don't sell to the masses, but to the people who have us in mind. If consumers can have rice in their hearts, maybe 2-3 varieties and be remembered, it can be passed on to the story. Whether it's the feeling of pride being conveyed to other people or taking a photo sharing that I eat this rice and I want you to eat it too, it will help promote marketing, in addition, there must be a connecting space, which many people can do the way that Thai PBS does, which is to open up space or make people who want to have rice in their hearts and people who want to produce rice to be in the hearts of many others. If you can do this often, think of it as a dream. Sweetness, fun. Learning will follow Pichayaporn Phosanga, Thai PBS Reporter Related News In big cities, the choice - the way to survive. Thai rice in global market, research shows "farmers" increase debt After the rice pledge policy "New Rice Festival" Diversity of Thai rice varieties 
"Harvest Festival" knows the path to safe food.|During the harvest season from the end of the year to the beginning of the year, many areas hold new rice festivals. "Pichayaporn Phosanga" has a story of "Harvest Festival" that shows the process of passing on organic food Tang Namo 3 and praying for the grace of rice and offering it as a Buddhist offering. In front of the paddy pagoda is a ritual of the peasants in the past. Reflecting the rare rice growing culture today. Harvest Festival Ban Rang Nok Market, Nakhon Pathom An organic market that not only serves as a trading ground but also plays a role in building a sustainable food belt. Promote folk wisdom Data from the Ministry of Culture shows that the tradition of building paddy pagodas or merit paddy rice is a tradition that has been passed down for a long time. There is a belief that rice is harvested up to the barn. Commitment to the way of community Let's start with the reaper. To show love and unity, therefore, the worship of Mae Pomp or Mother Pomp (Paddy Pagoda) was held with the motto that when bringing rice in the field to the barn, there should be praise and sacrifice to Khun Nam, which is a belief about the gods or goddess Aruk. Because rice has infinite value to mankind until it is considered one of the gods by calling this god "Mae Pomp is the goddess of rice". The manager of Ban Rangnok Market said that he wants the new generation to see the traditions, beliefs, ideas of the ancients and the importance of rice that is linked to the way of thinking and way of life, which is lacking today. The era when people may not know the origin of part of the picture of all more than 80 varieties of rice that the Khaokwan Foundation shows as an example. Many varieties are rare varieties of rice that many people say they have seen for the first time, and the nutrition or benefits of each type of rice are different. These interesting stories were conveyed by staff from the Khao Kwan Foundation who are ready to pass on the knowledge about rice to the attendees if anyone will buy ingredients to cook at home. Similar to jasmine rice, but with its unique taste, it is also an annual rice that is easy to care for. Sensitive to light Does not consume fertilizer and resists diseases well. Vendors say that if you grow rice locally, it is easy to grow and get good yields as if you were on the right track. Therefore, there is no need to grow rice reluctantly or grow only one variety of rice. Sold in markets all over the country and used chemicals to accelerate growth, which may be toxic to both growers and eaters. People who eat themselves will feel full and satisfied. If you eat rice while being a part of helping farmers. Help the environment in the harvest festival There are other types of agricultural products to share as well. What makes Baan Bird's Nest Market different from other neighboring markets is that every product has its origin and can be learned from farmers who sell their own produce themselves. These Farmer Network In addition, the Company has also established a participatory product quality assurance system or PGS that has standardized self-inspection to create trust, transparency and consumers can participate as well, such as visiting a farmer's garden to see the organic production practice. Without relying on middlemen, it also helps lower prices of organic products and organic rice. Help consumers access good quality products at affordable prices. Farmers earn a decent income. Not being depressed by middlemen like in the past. The cost is low because it is under the supervision of the market organizer. "Salana Project" A social enterprise that charges only 50 baht per day for rent per restaurant. If you don't focus on kitchen work or cooking, but want to spend good time with your family. The market is also open and offers great programs such as moonlight dinners. Eat rice pinto from a skilled chef Prepared with fresh organic ingredients and listening to good music, this is the most special part of this festival. Golden Chandelier Rice Freshly harvested red jasmine rice is served with rice in a pinto, which each type of rice has a different taste, depending on the taste of the eater to determine which rice species is suitable to eat with what. Abdullah Bulsuwan, or "Chef Black" of Blackitch Artisan Kitchen, a local table chef from Chiang Mai, said he was inspired to set up this meal. The ultimate intention of a market manager may not only be to profit from sales, but to drive a sustainable food belt that connects hundreds of people to grow food and its impact on the economy, society and environment, as Pichet, manager of Ban Rangnok Market, concluded Pichayaporn Phosanga, Thai PBS correspondent. 
Your mom needs shrimp because my dad is a local fisherman!|Eaters may consider seafood expensive. "Smart Fisher Folk" is what local fishermen define themselves. Talk to "Wichoksak Rongpiree" President of the Thai Sea Conservation Association on the efforts of local fishermen to reach that point in an era when marine resources are heavily used and crisis. As a result, they began to worry about the survival of their future offspring. "Sustainable management of fishery resources" is therefore what is being called for and set as a common goal today. The trend of sustainable fishing is not just happening after the crisis, but it is something that "local fishermen" have been doing for a long time, but because of the lack of understanding and rejection of "traditional fishing practices", not only are fishery resources not managed sustainably and have begun to affect them today, but local fishermen have been overlooked and almost lost their identity and have no hope of continuing this way. It plays an important role in preserving marine resources when the "collapse of indigenous fisheries" is the same as the "marine resource crisis". Preserving local fisheries to preserve marine resources sustainably is an important mission of the local fishery movement in modern times. That has to find a solution under many big problems. And the new challenge is to upgrade local fishermen to become Smart Fisher Folk"Thai PBS". Chuan Wichoksak Rongpiree President of the Thai Sea Conservation Association talks More than 27 years since the establishment of the local fishermen's movement. Problems and obstacles along the path of efforts to preserve sustainable fisheries practices and current challenges Wichoksak Back in the day. Local fishermen are seen as a poor profession. Because there are many obstacles. Marine resources degraded by natural changes and illegal fishing tools When there is a problem, there is no bargaining power to the extent that there is a proposal to give up the profession of local fishing to do something else instead, not only outsiders see that the profession of local fishing is only a problem. Within the movement of the local fishing network itself, it is not trying to raise the level to overcome the problem on its own, Wichoksak said that the problem of local fishermen would be circling in the basin. In 2015, the European Union (EU) issued an ultimatum for Thailand to reform its IUU (Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing) policy and may be banned from exporting seafood to the European Union. The Thai state under the NCPO government Accelerate large-scale fisheries policy reforms, including legislative framework, fisheries management, fleet management, monitoring, Local fisheries groups have submitted proposals to the Commissioner's mechanism to push for fisheries laws in addition to the proposal of decentralization. Another important turning point is the adoption of sustainable fisheries. Wichoksak said that in the past, This is just a secondary stream. While the local fisheries that propose this are often seen as romantic and old-fashioned, after the IUU situation made this issue mainstream, it is something that anyone regardless of party or government needs to talk about. Participation will be possible. Although the Royal Decree on Fisheries B.E. 2560 stipulates the mechanism of the Provincial Fisheries Committee, the proportion of local fishery representatives in the Committee is still too small compared to the proportion from government and commercial fisheries representatives. Wichoksak example In case the proportion of directors is deemed to be unjustified, for example, the directors consist of the sheriffs of all districts. If there are 20 districts, there are 20 people, it will become a meeting of the Ministry of Interior, he said. Sustainable management of fishery resources is also possible, but I understand that it will take time to achieve this because Thai society still has a lot to learn. Local fishermen are not seen as poor people with problems and no hope for this profession as defined in the past, but see local fishermen as "Smart Fisher Folk", something that Wichoksak says is the first thing that local fishermen have to adapt. What must happen in tandem with changing attitude is to create a system according to the principles of Smart Fisher FolK that must be looked at in 3 dimensions: 1) before production, i.e. the area that supports its own fisheries, 2) the production phase, i.e. not a destructive tool. and 3) after production, which is to manage aquatic animals to eat safely, although changing attitudes is difficult, but Wichoksak says that now there is a good trend, as evidenced by the many local fishermen who are members of the Federation of Local Fishermen of Thailand are beginning to adapt. At the same time, the government has created the "Blue Brand Standard" as a tool for local fishermen to build confidence among consumers that they will be able to purchase aquatic products from sustainable, safe and environmentally friendly fisheries. Wichoksak asserted that if "sustainable fishing" is still the standard of approach to fishery resource management, local fisheries will still be a profession that must exist. Because it is not only for the survival of local fishermen themselves, but also for the sustainable survival of human beings. Penpan Inthapanty : Social Agenda News and Public Policy Related News "Local Fishery Group" Mobilize seafood to help flood Ubon 
Don't buy a high-priced "surf skate" yet, try it for free at Railway Park.|The "surf skating" trend is coming, but boards can't be bought - the price is strong. Popular brands in Australia are also limited to buying 2 pieces per person. The latter found price manipulation on the black market. The Skateboard Club recommends free play with a coach to teach the basics at the railway park skating park before actually buying. latest Urassaya Seporbund or Yaya, a famous actress, started learning to play popular sports. After celebrities such as Dome, Pakorn Lum, Ice Apisada and Ken Theeradej have been the trend of surf skating since the end of last year until it became a popular sport during COVID-19.The atmosphere of the skating rink in Vajirabenjatas Park or Railway Park is filled with people of various ages who come to surf skate and skateboard in the evening after work. Neranyaporn Rodlak, 47, said he had been surfing at Railway Park for the third day after his experience surfing in the sea, but the COVID-19 lockdown prevented him from playing, so he decided to try surfboarding. So it became a community, friends invited each other to play. Personally, I decided to try it and have a lot of fun, feeling free until I was addicted to playing continuously. By studying the characteristics of surfboards before ordering from the Internet, their popularity continues to grow. As a result, surf skating is in demand until the product is in short supply. Some people have to wait long to place orders and struggle with prices that more than double. The famous Australian brand announced on its website that it had found that its products were being sold on the black market in Thailand and that prices were manipulated, thus limiting the sale of 2 products per person. Officials of the Skateboard and Roller Skating Club for Sport said the park normally has less than 20 people to skate. There are 200 to 300 more people playing per day, while the price of surf skating was previously in the thousands, but has now risen to tens of thousands of baht. And some models are twice as expensive for people interested in surfing skating or skateboarding. Skateboard club staff recommend playing at the railway park before purchasing your own board. The club offers free longboarding, skateboarding and surfboarding with basic exercises coaches every Monday to Sunday in the morning and evening until around 8 pm.  
Thai students create Super Bowl 2021 logo design name|Thai PBS Online interviewed "Patchanit Sriviroj" or Cherry, a Thai intern in graphic design. The owner !!!of the Super Bowl 2021 host city logo showed off his Thai talent to American football while surfing on his Facebook page one day. Fingers crossed over Cherry Patchanit's post, Patchanit "Patchanit Sriviroj", or Cherry, a junior on the high school basketball team. My precious "Sailling Ship" logo is now displayed everywhere in Downtown Tampa during the week!!! The 24-year-old showed off three photos of the "Super Bowl Experience" logo. We also share many more stories about the origin of the logo through Facebook. Be more motivated to contact the interviewer about the beginning of this success. Sherry relentlessly agreed, saying that until the logo came out, it would be a success. In addition to his efforts and efforts, many things have all coincidences, the first of which is Cherry, a student from the University of Tampa majoring in graphic design. In 2019, he distributed applications for internships with 3-4 agencies, but was rejected entirely until he was contacted by Schifino Lee, the agency that received the Super Bowl logo design. On the first day of work, the company offered to design a logo for the project, to which Sherry immediately said yes because the Super Bowl was a very big event, coincidence, the second was the Super Bowl 2021. It was actually scheduled to be held in LA, but there were operational delays. Finally, they decided to hold a tournament in Tampa instead. The logo project that Sherry has designed this time is the logo of the host city, Tampa, which is a separate logo from the main logo of the competition. Before drawing the first draft of the logo. On the day of the presentation, 3 ideas from Cherry's internship company had to be eliminated, but the client chose Cherry's work to be shortlisted along with another fellow intern, and commented, "I really like the concept and want to move on with it. It presents the uniqueness of the city very well." In the end, it was time to choose between the last two concepts, which Cherry's work was the logo chosen, before having to discuss with the NFL for the final draft logo, which came out as a logo with 60% blue ingredients. Street and Gasparilla Festival, or pirate ships with a long history. Red is the colour of the host team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The logo was also designed to match the 55th Super Bowl, with five sails, a football bilge with five braided ropes, and Cherry had to adjust the left-facing boat at first. After the slogan of the competition came out during the final draft: Forward . Forever . Together. In the U.S., the forward is to go right, Cherry's work has been stuck all over Tampa to promote the 55th Super Bowl Finals, a meeting between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Kansas City Chiefs at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida, on Feb. 8 at 6:30 a.m. local time. Sherry said with a laugh that from a Thai kid who doesn't know American football. Credit to my uncle-in-law for being the big girlfriend of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. During that time, I secretly thought in my mind that if my own design was displayed throughout the stadium, it would be great. I don't think my dream will come true one day even after graduation because COVID-19 has reduced hiring for many U.S. companies. Sherry hopes to continue on the graphic design path by returning to Thailand. Because the dream that this junior wants to see is that the Thai design industry goes far and wide. 
Thailand sends "Tom Yum Kung" Listed on the UNESCO Intangible World Heritage Site  |Cabinet approves proposal of "Tom Yum Kung" Under the name Tomyum Kung, it was registered as a representative list of intangible cultural heritage of humanity to UNESCO. The point is valuable in all aspects of tradition. Inherited in households, reflecting the food culture of Thai people. Today (23 Mar 2021) Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL The Deputy Spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet approved the proposal of Tom Yum Kung. Registered as a representative list of intangible cultural heritage of humanity to UNESCO as proposed by the Ministry of Culture with the approval of the Director-General of the Department of Cultural Promotion. As Secretary, the Committee for the Promotion and Preservation of Cultural Wisdom Heritage is a signatory to the document to be presented to UNESCO as Thailand's representative for the essence of the Tom Yum Kung presentation. Tomyum Kung to UNESCO is as follows: Value and importance Tom Yum Kung is a dish that reflects the simple lifestyle of farming communities along rivers and canals in central Thailand. with a culture of food consumption through observation and learning from nature. Tom Yum Kung meets the criteria for registration as an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity as defined in the Convention on the Preservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage. In 2003, the following are the traditions and expressions of word of mouth, which were originally passed down in the household from generation to generation orally. There is no fixed history or written record of the recipe in addition to social practices and rituals, as Tom Yum Kung is a dish that reflects the lifestyle of Thai Buddhists who are farmers and farmers in the rich Central River Valley. They usually refrain from killing large animals for food. Therefore, river prawns, which are abundant and float up to catch easily in certain seasons, are suitable for cooking and also reflect the consumption culture of Thai people with rice as the main food. Eat the same pot of rice, eat the same pot of curry, which signifies a close bond in the family. Knowledge and practice about nature and the universe. Tom Yum Kung is considered a healthy food because it is low in fat and has properties from herbs to nourish the body. Adjusting the elements, especially during the change of season at the end of the rainy season in early winter, will help prevent and relieve cold symptoms. UNESCO has declared Khon and Thai Massage as representatives of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 2018 and 2019, respectively. Nora and Songkran are currently under UNESCO consideration for representing the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
Skateboarding for a living "Race-Sale" ex-national team life challenge|To date, skateboarding-surf skating has become a sport that everyone plays. Thai PBS Online invites talks with former Thai national skateboarder He told me about the days when he had to secretly hold a skateboard, but he still made a living by skateboarding. From racetracks across Asia to the opening of their own shops after the skateboarding and surf skating boom to where to turn or what app to use, it seems like everyone is playing. Thai PBS Online contacted a skateboard shop in Rangsit area to discuss the growth of the skateboard and surf skating market.Mr. Weerayut Eksirsuwan, or Nat, the owner of the skateboard shop, said that he had never known about surfboarding before, but he had been selling skateboards since the Hi5 era on online until he had a storefront as the main source for 15 years. Mr. Weerayuth turned to smile and replied, "I'm a former skateboarder for the Thai national team," before recalling his experience that he started as a kid and kicked football like other kids, but one day he saw a friend in his neighborhood skateboarding and couldn't jump until he thought, "Why is it so hard?" Mr. Weerayuth decided to ask his friend to try it and fell the first time he tried, but still did not reduce his effort to jump around until finally he was able to jump without falling. I've always felt proud of myself and skateboarding. But in the old days, skateboarding was an embarrassing sport. The sport-like image of an unruly child, a freak, who went to play anywhere, was chased, just plowed through and was chased until when he walked anywhere, he had to hide the board behind his back after graduation, immediately setting the path of life to skateboarding. Mr. Weerayuth started earning a living selling skateboards through online channels along with finding skateboarding venues both domestically and internationally. Before the opportunity to become an athlete of the Thai national team to show their skills on the stage of the Asian Games. Indoor Games in Macau and won the 2nd place in the Best Trick category back for Thailand, Mr. Weerayuth said that skateboarding competitions have been around since before 2000, with both domestic and international competitions. I started competing at the age of 20, and most overseas races are invitations, with organizers offering free accommodation and tickets. But some have to find their own competition and invest in a ticket plan. Whether the accommodation is worth the prize money or not. But if you look at the list of competitors as idols or skateboard pros who watch him to practice poses, they don't go. Many skateboarding competitions in many countries are held continuously. Thailand also hosts some competitions, but the prize money is in the tens of thousands, which is less compared to foreign countries like China or Singapore, which hold races almost every month. With a prize pool of hundreds of thousands. Which Thai people can fight anyway because many Thai people are good. In the past, foreign countries had to invite Thais to skateboard for the opening, but now China and Hong Kong have hundreds of skateboarding parks. The market is very competitive. Thailand remains the same, which is a shame. Mr. Weerayuth sees that making a living by skateboarding in Thailand is still enough. But we must constantly look for both domestic and international racetracks. Meanwhile, foreign countries have already started a career or agency to give salaries, including in the case of brands hired as presenters. Hopefully, in the future, skateboarding will continue to grow, just like the trend that people are starting to play more and more. Don't buy it yet. "Surf skating" is expensive, try it for free at the railway park. 
Thai watercolor artist leaves his work on a bus from an ancient Japanese city.|Thai watercolor artist leaves painting next to bus in ancient Japanese city The exhibition will be held for two years today (March 31, 2021). Mr. Chatchai Thammaphirom Thai watercolor painter Recently, the work was performed in Sawara City. It is located northeast of Narita City within Chiba Prefecture. Sawara, Japan It is pictured next to a bus traveling between Tokyo and Sawara. Chatchai said the works on display were watercolor paintings that were important landmarks in Sawara City. The uniqueness of Sawara City is that it is an old town where ancient architecture such as Katori Shrine is one of Japan's three most important shrines. A total of eight of his paintings were selected to be placed next to the bus to promote the prefecture's tourist attractions, including the city that is surveyed by many Thais each year. The origin of the work was because he had a younger brother who worked in tourism for Sawara. The Savara Prefectural Tourism Office, which wanted to promote the city's tourism, suggested that he present a port where he had painted and had previously exhibited watercolor paintings, and was later chosen to attach the painting to the side of the bus from Tokyo Station to Sawara. The journey time is about 1 hour, it will stick for about 2 years or end in 2022.    
Walk, eat, see the old buildings Win gachapon "miniature building model" Charoenkrung - Talad Noi|"Cabinet" Thapanat Kaewpan, owner of Blue Bangkok brand Tell us the origin of "Charoenkrung - Talad Noi Miniature Building Model" in cute pastel colors. One of the souvenirs of Bangkok Design Week 2021 held in Charoenkrung - Song drew from a hobby of walking through old buildings. Learn about the community and learn about the history of architecture in many provinces across Thailand, making it an important jigsaw that inspired me to sketch the impressive old buildings in the "Phra Nakhon" area from real architecture. mohammed abdul His girlfriend helped design the graphics to be plump and cute, and then invented a laser-cut wood product for 4 types of buildings, a refrigerator magnet, and a map notebook. It is a compass inviting a stroll in the community, telling the route linking 4 buildings in the Phra Nakhon area, then a close friend of one of the main forces of Blue Bangkok "Dark" Chethachat. Tachart also helped mold 3D into a miniature old building model using colorful resin materials to appeal to teenagers. Before being given the opportunity to be one of the designers of souvenirs from the old building in "Charoenkrung - Talad Noi", it became 4 models in the new collection when the goal of the souvenirs was to charm people to follow the miniature city model "Tu Thapanut". Take Thai PBS Online out of the air-conditioned room to smell the toast in Charoen Krung The old shop opposite the NANA building at the mouth of Soi Charoenkrung 43 and tells the story on both sides of the way, "Tu" Thapanut, a miniature historical record with the impression of modern architecture, square shape, strong structure, which shows off the charm of buildings along Charoenkrung Road very well, together with the expected age of at least 90 years, making this building one of the 4 types of the collection "Miniature Building Model Charoenkrung - Talad Noi" after turning into Soi Charoenkrung 32. Roadside noodle shop Smoothie shop Walk past the entrance of Si Phraya Pier, pass the Temple of the Holy Rosary (Kalwar) for about 200 meters, sweat began to rise on the front of the "cabinet". Located prominently in the middle of the alley is the Liao Lae Building, Soi Flat Sapsap, Talad Noi area, 1 of the 4 types in the collection, and is the location of gachapon cabinets for everyone to join in the fun spinning "Charoenkrung - Talad Noi Miniature Building Model", stop to eat fried shrimp across the street, sip coffee at a café in the Liao Lae building house. It's time to take the treasure out of your trusty pocket. The 3-year travel map, recorded with many sketches of old buildings in 4 to 5 books, indicates the young product designer's passion for a hobby of wandering around the city. In addition to Thailand. Even when going abroad. Walking is also the main landmark of Thapanut "cabinet", inspiring the traditional home communities in Belgium, Malacca, Penang, as well as Korea and Japan, where souvenirs are models or magnets of buildings or houses in the community to win by rotating the gachapon "cabinet". Thapanat smiled broadly before continuing, saying that gachapon seems to be the use of pop culture to coat souvenirs to be cute and accessible to teenagers. Digest community stories in the language of the new generation to be interested in the preservation of old buildings. Encourage people to travel and shop in nearby communities. ECOSystem After talking to Thai PBS Online, I would like to challenge the gachapon spinners to be the boss of the miniature building as well. Fortunately, I got a model of a miniature building in the NANA building at the mouth of Soi Charoenkrung 43. For those who want to own "Charoenkrung - Talad Noi Miniature Building Model", you can also walk around the scenery and eat delicious food on the street to attend Bangkok Design Week 2021. To spin the gachapon for free on Saturday. - This Sunday (until 20 June 2021) at Ban Tuk Liao Lae, Soi Flat Property, Talad Noi For more information, please visit the Bangkok Design Week page. 
Thai Unite! POPCAT game for cats to open their mouths to the number 1 in the world|Thai social media people join hands to click the mouse/press the screen of the website "POPCAT", a game for cats to open their mouths, redeem 1 point until it reaches the number 1 in the world. From social media users in 211 countries with over 26 billion clicks, the loud "pop" noise may be circling in many people's ears. After #POPCAT became the No. 1 trend on both Twitter Thailand and Google Thailand, reinforcing the hotness of the game on the POPCAT website. come out With every click or press, players will earn 1 point, which POPCAT is kind enough to rank for the countries participating in the game. Taiwan remained No. 1 throughout the night, followed by Malaysia and Finland, but Thailand climbed from 15th to 15th. At 5:30 p.m. With over 26 billion clicks/clicks, Taiwan is second at 17 billion points. POPCAT was created by Joshua O'Sullivan, Edward Halis and Freddy Heppl, computer science students from the University of Sheffield in late 2020. So there's a video with some images of my cat Oatmeal out and here's the full clip of him chirping at a bug. pic.twitter.com/4MVTWiIknc When will this competition end is a question that many people still wonder, but every second everyone is reading this news article. People from many countries around the world still click / press the screen hundreds of thousands of times, while Thais who want to click or press the cat to open their mouth to relieve stress or help keep Thailand ranked No. 1 in the world are still in time to play at https://popcat.click Source: https://says.com/my/fun/popcat-malaysia-ranked-top-10-meme https://popcat.click 
Polycat composed the song with Game Boy, winning the FACA competition.|"Na" Rattana Janprasit POLYCAT (AKA) lead singer "Serra Avatar" won the FACA Anthem Contest with a song from the Game Boy console today (September 7, 2021). Lead singer POLYCAT won the FACA Anthem Contest (Fine-Ass CryptoApes) NFT project. "Recently, I took Game Boy to make a song to submit a contest entry," drawing the attention of many fans and social media users. Rattana quoted @FacaFactory's tweet and wrote, "Everyone, the song I submitted was also chosen as the theme song (an 8bit monkey NFT project that I found very cute). "Serra Avatar" has won our FACA Anthem Contest. It is amazing, just like we are about to sit down and play a FACA Famicom game.We can't find you on Twitter. Please show yourself ser!#nftcommunity #facafactory pic.twitter.com/XjeXgUL6jl The organizer's @FacaFactory tweeted congratulations to Na and stated that there is nothing more exciting than knowing that the winner of the FACA Anthem Contest is a famous Thai singer with over 68 million views. 
Are you rich today? Lottery statistics with a chance of 1 in a million If not, buy hope = 0|Are you rich today? The exhibition "Lottery Breaks Down the Lottery Players" Reveals Statistics and Beliefs and Life-Changing Numbers On a day when there is a chance of being rich 1 in a million, but if not, buy hope. = 0 Rich Today Rich today, every 1st and 16th of every month, can be a life-changing day for many people to try their luck to win the government lottery. On this day that the number ball was scooped up. Thai PBS Online reporters walked out of the MRT and stepped into the Museum of Siam to see an exhibition called "Lottery Break the Issue of Lottery Players" that was open for free admission on the first day if talking about lottery or numbers. What has been brought up is inevitably statistics, and this exhibition takes us into depth. Statistics from data collection and various researches that make us feel that there is more to it than luck or luck gambling that Thai people play the most. The first place was the underground lottery with 19,923, 643 people, followed by the second place with the government lottery 19, 211, 727 people. People-play-lottery also reflects the national phenomenon linked to Thai people no less. 1 in 3 Although the lottery is tied to us with hope. But sometimes rewards that some consider lucky can be attributed to statistical purchases. Statistics from 2007-2019 are 2 numbers that are frequently issued, the number 79, the number that has never been issued at all, the number 84, the number 85 has been issued 8 times, and the number 05,26,81,98 has been issued 7 times-December 30, 2016. 65 million tickets sold on February 16, 2017 71 million tickets sold on August 1, 2018 87 million tickets sold - September 1, 2018 90 million tickets sold - July 16, 2019 onwards Printed tickets sold increased to 100 million, the number of tickets printed increased, becoming a reduced chance of winning prizes. Chance of winning the lottery 1 million tickets1st prize = 0.0001% 2nd prize = 0.0050 % 3rd prize = 0.0010 % 4th prize = 0.0050 % 5th prize = 0.0100 % Side Prize = 0.0020 % 3 last numbers = 0.4000 % 2 last numbers = 1.0000 % Worakarn Wongsuwan Curator of the exhibition Lottery breaks the issue of lottery players Take Thai PBS Online to see the statistics with an explanation that the buyer has his reasons. The data we found was that people had won 300 lottery draws in the past, with a record for the whole year winning the lottery 20 times. From the lottery issued throughout the year 24 installments. As for those who haven't, he's hopeful. The belief that rewards are given to make life better. So he chose to continue buying despite the statistics showing the numbers. The statistics of the origin of most lottery players are still from faith, faith number 1 comes from the age of the dead number 2, holy places number 3, car registration number. People close to No. 4, Takhian tree No. 5, exotic animals. Weird Tree No. 6 Dream No. 7 Holy Water Bowl No. 8 Number on page 1 Newspaper No. 9 Children pick up No. 10 Toad or sullen In addition to statistics, popular lottery numbers are sourced from majestic people. Which has statistics such as the car registration number of former Prime Minister "Yingluck Shinawatra" who issued the last 2 numbers 8 times, causing a question of whether the number is locked or not locked? There has been a long time and events that make many people buried, especially the incident in 1987 when the equipment for issuing prizes failed, and in 2544 there was a large area in Nonthaburi province. Plan the use of high-tech cheats and rehearse 100-200 teams. Until the underground lottery dealer was ruined after the incident, the lottery division tried to modify the whole team. However, lottery fans are still skeptical when faced with the number issued 999997 at the end of 2020, which according to statistics is the first number issued in 232 years. A variety of lights, colors, videos for Thai people to share lottery issues through various exhibition rooms.  More importantly, if you want to know that people who have won the lottery. 300 installments, how does he feel, what does he do with the math, what does the money go for, or how the person who buys it is not right, but hopefully there will be a day that is ours, how does he do it? 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Free admission from today 16 Nov 21 - 27 Feb 22 
Exotic Pet, a special pet that you would like to invite to get to know|Ever seen Exotic Pet? We would like to invite you to get to know these pets that are defined as "special pets", when Pet means "pet", then what is Exotic Pet?Exotic Pet is "exotic animal" or another meaning in Thai meaning "special pet", and according to veterinary textbooks, any pet that is not a dog or cat (in the normal type) does not include animals in the livestock sector from all of these meanings. Camels, alpacas, dwarf horses, dwarf cows, flamingo, fennec foxes, and Angora rabbits are all well known. The group is an exotic animal, i.e. not native to Thailand. This group of animals. Imports and exports are governed by the CITES Convention, which clearly states which species can be imported without a non-CITES license, and which species can be raised and possessed. However, an import permit (CITES ii) is required and any kind is not allowed to be occupied by the general public (CITES i) except zoos or relevant research agencies. By this animal Once the import process is completed, there is no obligation to the Thai Wildlife Protection Act because it is not listed in the Thai Wildlife Protection Act but is classified as a pet and is therefore subject to the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act just like normal pets. Animals native to Thailand If there is no list in Thailand's Wildlife Protection Act Breeders can keep them in compliance with the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act for animals listed in Thailand's Wildlife Protection Act. The breeder must have document Sor.Sor.2 (in case of bringing animals from the wild or animals that are not on the list of wild animals allowed for breeding) and document Sor.Sor.9 (in case of animals in the group that are allowed to breed and originating from a licensed breeding facility)by Thai PBS Photo
Relive the history of "Hua Lamphong Station" for over 105 years together with Hua Lamphong in Your Eyes|Relive the history of "Hua Lamphong Station" for more than 105 years together with Hua Lamphong in Your Eyes, which is open to welcome everyone to come and fulfill the images of happiness and share their views here not just as a place of memories. What are your memories and perspectives? People walking around, chatting around. There was no silence for a second, but today something may have changed. These are just some of the images from the perspective of Thai PBS Photo photographers who are waiting for everyone to fulfill their happy images. Hua Lamphong in Your Eyes is organized by State Railway of Thailand (SRT). Inside Bangkok Station or "Hua Lamphong" that has been around for more than 105 years, through 10 highlights that cannot be missed, including the inaugural memorial of the Royal Railway, where King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) and Princess Sripatcharinthra were crowned Queen Sirindhorn. His Majesty the King performed the ceremony of pinning gold rails, silver rails, and connecting silver sleepers with silver girdles and opening the first royal railway in the Kingdom. Bangkok-Ayutthaya Station From December 22, 2021 to January 16, 2022, there will also be a special Prestige train to visit closely. Enjoy stamping at check-in points At 10 important points, receive a special set of stamps as a souvenir from the Royal Thai Railway, as well as a performance by the Rattanakosin Symphony Orchestra, who will perform songs and conductors recognized both in Thailand and in the world. Every Saturday and Sunday afternoon, music will be performed in the central hall of Hua Lamphong station, such as the choir, harp and string ensemble. The Railway and The Photographic Society of Thailand Under the patronage of His Majesty the King, there was a photo contest under the project "Hua Lamphong In Your Eyes" under the theme "Hua Lamphong (Hua Lamphong) Through the Lens". For more information, please visit www.rpst.or.th This time, the "Hua Lamphong" is not going anywhere... Hua Lamphong in Your Eyes is still open to everyone to join us in fulfilling their happy images and sharing their views with Hua Lamphong in Your Eyes, making this place not just a place to remember. 
Explore Google Trends What do Thais find in 2021?|Overall, it is still a much-searched COVID-19 issue, which this year will be about healing and vaccine projects, as well as donations with Popcat games. Pressing the cat to open its mouth may be considered a game that creates true unity. Together to lead the Thai nation to win the world championship successfully. The Secondary Grading System is a new assessment system for secondary schools nationwide of the Office of the Basic Education Commission. Depression ranks No. 1, followed by kidney disease and heart disease, which may indicate that there are a large number of patients or symptoms of the disease. Donations are made due to COVID-19 and donating blood, body, organs rather than items or clothing. Fire news is second only to COVID, with this year counting several large fires. Especially factory fires. This year, just like every year, there was a daily drama. No. 1 is the Isaan drama caused by a group of people talking racist to Isaan people in the clubhouse. Followed by Pimri Pie drama that this year saw many shots. The beginning of the year with political development. Finding a job will involve working from home due to COVID-19 or earning extra income. As for finding a job abroad, it may be due to the hot and exhausting social trend for the past 2 years. Meanwhile, PTT's OR stock received a lot of mass attention at the beginning of the year, rising to No. 1 in the selling category. Explore more on your own Search for specific terms at Google Trends
Check it out! Drilling Color Trends 2022 Business Plan - Graphics Without Out|Creative Thailand Releases Global Trends 2022 Report Revealing Color Trends for 2022 So that businesses or graphics can plan their work without falling into trends for the seven main colors. According to Creative Thailand's 2022 report, it was born from the process of analyzing and screening from various trend bureaus before removing color codes to make them easier to use, leading to groups and shades that are expected to become more popular next year. One of the specialties of color trends for 2022 is the collaboration between trend forecasting firms WGSN and Coloro, a leading paint company that revolutionized the color creation system with over 3,500 tones. Direct collaboration with the trend forecasting team from WGSN has the advantage of being able to identify seasonal colors that are important to businesses in advance. The resulting color predictions balance the need for novelty with the familiar one. That helps bring a sense of excitement and optimism to the varsity season of mental goodness and self-service. : Colors that represent mental well-being, with moments of self-service and hobbies enjoyed. Cream is a popular color in vegan skincare products. Packaging, designs, and home décor to soothe the body and mind at the same time. Colors of innovation Wisdom The boundary between sea and sky: colors that represent the environment. Pushing people to be aware of the problems and climate changes that affect the Earth's atmosphere. It is a color that affects sympathy. One of the shades of the seam between sea and sky. It is a seamless relationship between nature and modern innovation as the wisdom of the future is embedded with the creative power of the global media. Virtual: A color that reduces the emotional tension of gamers and is also a precursor to creating a surreal synthetic nature on a virtual world platform. Radiant Yellow is the color that represents the positivity of the new generation. The energy from this shade of color can bring back bright brightness. It is a shade that has been used in fashion products and DIY designs to explode creativity to the fullest fusing between old and new. Authenticity and synthetic things : The former is synthetic nitroso-dyes that were first produced in the 1883s and are well known for dyeing fabrics. First, it was widespread in representation of novelty. A fusion of old and new ElleDecor magazine named it one of the hottest colors of this year, the color of liberation. Powering both real-life and digital worlds: Trend Bureau NellyRodi identifies it as a shade of liberation. Rich color representation, power-driven in both real life and digital worlds It is versatile enough to use the design unconditionally. Like the influencers' presentations of this era, colors reflect the natural cycles and cycles of contemporary culture. : A group of colors that come from a traditional context and have been used for a long time, from clay mineral rocks to seed shades to reflect natural cycles and cycles. Today's designers focus on combining real materials with real materials and understanding the origins that go around contemporary culture. 
Before becoming "Thailand or Thailand", the viral font can be read in 2 languages.|"Suchal Chaweewan" or Buek, 37 years old, owner of the work. Tell us about the typography "Thailand or Thailand" What language do you read when you come across this sign? The latter went viral overnight. with over 1.2 lakh retweetsThailand or How can you read this? Suchal Chaweewan, or Buek, a 37-year-old Designer & Decorative Glass Artist who impressed social media users with over 125,000 retweets on Twitter, Suchal told Thai PBS Online. The beginning of this work started with a branding project for a Thai restaurant in Sydney, Australia. While designing and designing, I tried to draw and design many words until I found an angle or point that seemed to feel that it could go from the word "Thailand" to "Thailand". Suchal emphasized that he liked this work very much because in addition to using various techniques in glass gilding, the design of the font itself also has the hallmark of allowing the brain to process what language it is reading, as if it were an "illusion". Buek Designer & Decorative Glass Artist has begun planning the next step by submitting preliminary documents to apply for copyright registration to prevent bad actors from misusing or unauthorized use, as well as preparing to enter the NFT industry by launching through "Thailand-Thailand". This piece is for "Suchal". As a child, he loved art and his hobby was reading comic books. After loving artwork, I called it where I found flyers that I had to take home. Before choosing a life path according to your preference, study Communication Design. Faculty of Fine Arts, MSU and started working on print media design and album cover design until 2010. He had the opportunity to study in Australia and worked in graphic design, including branding and logo design for stores, before going to study Glass Gilding in 2016 to add techniques and tricks to the design. 
Social Appreciation! Young Indo Delicate Thai dance social posts|Social Appreciation! The 13-year-old Indonesian has been fond of Thai dance and has been studying for more than 5 years. Open your heart to love Thai dance because it is very beautiful and interesting, the charm of Thai dance that everyone loves. It is no different from "Saf" or the Thai name "Fa". A 13-year-old Indonesian boy who loves Thai dance and has been studying for over 5 years. Fa showed off hundreds of delicate dance moves on Instagram called ppzaattaya as Thai social media users praised him. "Fa" who can skillfully dance Thai along with forwarding the video clip at "Fa". Tell us about your history and passion in Thai. My name is Saf, my Thai nickname is Fa, I am from Indonesia, I am from Surabaya, I am 13 years old."  
Love Thai Dance "Fa" Young Indo Self-taught dance for 6 years via YouTube|He fell in love with Thai dance for a long time before he started practicing his handwriting skills on YouTube for 6 years. 13-year-old Indonesian boy hopes to study in Thailand After showing off her Thai dance moves through hundreds of Instagram clips. After the case, social appreciation. "Blue" The 13-year-old Indonesian loves Thai dance and learns and has taken hundreds of Instagram videos. Last "Saf" or "Blue" Opening up to Thai PBS Online about the beginning and path to enter the Thai dance industry, he said, "Thai dance is very beautiful and interesting. Thai culture is similar to Javanese culture in some way, making me even more interested and feel that I want to convey Thai dance to Indonesians more. ZAZAZATTAYAA (@ppzaattaya) "Fa" first learned Thai dance 6 years ago through a Kinnaree video on YouTube before taking his career seriously in 2018 when he was assigned a Thai dance mission at the ASEAN Festival. At that time, "Fa" met a Thai dancer and learned to dance together. Therefore, it is possible to develop skills by leaps and bounds. After Thai friends return to the country. Fa has turned to learning dance through YouTube again and will occasionally contact Thai friends online when he gets stuck in his posture. Nowadays, this Indonesian man can dance both Javanese dances. Balinese Dance Khmer dance and Thai dance, but my favorite dance is the Dao Dung dance. Four Dances Although Fa is seriously interested in studying Thai dance, his dream is to become a doctor or professor of physics while opening a dance school in Thailand. To share Indonesian culture with Thai people as well, "Fa" is determined to take the entrance exam to study at Chulalongkorn University. AFTER GRADUATING FROM HIGH SCHOOL, A POST SHARED BY ZAZAZATTAYAA (@ppzaattaya). "Blue" Thank you to Thai people who love Thai dance, promise to continue practicing to improve their skills, and wish that COVID-19 will disappear soon so that one day Fa will come to Thailand to learn Thai dance once. Young Indo Delicate Thai dance social posts 
Did you know 22022022! Read today's date from any direction. |Did you know? Today (22 Feb 2022) When written in successive numbers, "22022022" can be read page to back and back, or upside down can still be read as the same word. Today (22 February 2022), the Institute for the Promotion of Teaching Science and Technology (STI) "Today (Feb. 22, 2022) is a date that can be denoted by the number "22022022", which is both the Palindrome and the Ambigram, which can read the date from all directions, from front to back, back to front, or upside down. When reading from left to right and right to left, it is still the same word, such as "454", "1331", RADAR, and ambigram is a form that can be read aloud as well. Both normal and inverted, such as the 8008 XIX NOON. 
Oxford contains "pad thai-pad thai" Thai Food to International Name|Good news, Oxford contains the name pad thai-pad thai, giving the universal word that the world knows, is in the category C2, the same international food as the word pizza. In 2011, Thailand was registered on the Wisdom and Cultural Heritage Register today (February 8, 2022). The Oxford Dictionaries website contains the name Pad Thai, giving the universal word known around the world in category C2, meaning a general term that is coined to indicate the origin or locality of the thing, and is used as an international name like the Italian word pizza. Tom Yum Kung Earlier in 2011 Pad Thai It has been packaged as a branch of knowledge and practices about nature and the universe as a heritage of cultural wisdom that is a body of knowledge. Methods, skills, beliefs National Cultural Wisdom HeritageFood and Nutrition Foods and Nutrition that have been successfully registered in this field There are 20 items. The declaration of the National Intellectual Cultural Heritage is a way to protect and prevent the loss of identity and loss of cultural wisdom, which is an important information of the nation and one of the ways to declare ownership. Pad Thai Cultural Wisdom Heritage is a dish that uses flat noodle noodles stir-fried with tofu, chopped radish. Bean sprouts, sweet potatoes, eggs, dried shrimp Seasoned with vinegar, palm sugar, dried chili powder, sprinkled with coarsely ground roasted peanuts, it is believed to have evolved from the Chinese use of noodles in cooking. Pad Thai has a Thai flavor and is different from other national noodles due to the use of 3 flavors of cooking water derived from fish sauce, palm sugar and tamarind juice. When mixed together, the taste is mellow and perfectly Thai style. Information from Page Tip Sai Pad Thai Ghost Gate Pad Thai, formerly known as "fried noodles". The beginning of this dish occurred during World War II. The Prime Minister at that time wanted to be nationalist, so he came up with the idea of creating a national dish. Therefore, they want to turn to alternative noodles and use locally sourced ingredients within the country, resulting in fried noodles. Thai people are popularly called "Pad Thai" as follows: Pad Thai is not just a food name. When Oxford packaged "Pad Thai" as a C2 word, it was not a specific name, but a universal word known to everyone. 
"Ayutthaya, the port city of Southeast Asia" revives food culture tourism|Researchers from 2 institutes to enhance creative tourism, take you to taste traditional Thai food, fried shrimp cake, Massaman, Golden Rain stone dessert, aiming to attract Thai and foreign tourists to experience the food culture of Ayutthaya, the port city of the EastAssoc. Prof. Dr. Pannee Suansong, Suan Dusit University Revealed that the research team together with the Institute of Hermitage Art organized "The Legendary Food Culture of Ayutthaya", a food culture in the legend of Sri Ayotthaya, the port city of Southeast Asia. The Golden Land of Prosperity Based on the Siamese Authentic Multicultural Foundation "International Science and Nutrition" This is the result of the research project "Enhancing Creative Tourism in Food Culture of Ayutthaya, the Port City of the East" funded by the National Competitiveness Enhancement Capital Management Unit under the Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation. It caters to groups of tourists who are interested in food. By using rare traditional Thai food as a selling point. The project is conducted in 2 main parts, namely the project to find food culture prototypes and develop food decks in Ayutthaya, the port city of the East, which he is the project leader by visiting the area to study the cultural landscape and food wisdom of Ayutthaya. Deciphering the wisdom of Ayutthaya cuisine and developing a deck of 5 types of traditional traditional traditional food methods, namely Tom Yum with condensed water, fried shrimp cake, Massaman, cigarette rice (cooked rice with sweet means), and there are important highlights that will expand export, sell and develop into a new type of souvenir product of Ayutthaya. It is a rare dessert that looks similar to the golden rain stone that ancient people used to test gold whether it is real gold or not. It has a sweet, fragrant and delicate taste. Ancient people liked to carry it with them when traveling long distances or when going out to war because they could be stored for 1-2 months. Travel agencies and tourists participated in the Golden Rain Stone Dessert Making activity, which is one of the activities of developing the food culture tourism route of Ayutthaya, the port city of the East, and offering food cultural tourism activities as a new tourism program. It was very well received. It can lead to the creation of activities to support tourism after the opening of the country. The project "Decoding Cultural Wisdom and Design Food Culture Areas of Ayutthaya, the Eastern Port City to Enhance Creative Tourism" was led by Apiradee Anmanee from the Institute of Hermitage, which studied traces of physical characteristics, social landscape, lifestyle linked to eating. This will lead to the preservation of ancient kitchen styles and areas related to food culture, as well as promote an atmosphere for learning. Understand the value and creative activities as a tourism entrepreneur Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Able to apply design knowledge to decorate the atmosphere of hotels and restaurants to reflect the Thai style of the Ayutthaya period as well for testing creative tourism activities in food culture in order to create a food tourism program focusing on Thai and foreign tourists on the new normal of tourism. By selecting activities in areas with potential and distinctiveness. Linked to food culture stories such as market walks at Hua Ro Market, which has existed since the Ayutthaya period. Visit the ancient kitchen, Ban Koh Rian and buy sweets for the golden family of Ban Aunt Mali. Eating ancient Ayutthaya food at Krua Tha Luang Finish with a boat trip around the island of Ayutthaya.  
Archaeological research into the board game "Detective of the Past" Know the story of ethnic groups|Open innovative board game "Detective of the Past" Extraction of prehistoric human research data in Pang Mapha, Mae Hong Son, learning archaeological sites, coffin culture, stories of ethnic groups, private hopes for further commercialization - school distribution. Grade 4 students from Ban Chong Kham Provincial Administration Organization School tried playing the board game series "Detective of the Past" with fun and learning about the history and ethnicity in the province. Project Leader of Design and Development of Board Game Set "Detective of the Past" and Waris Domthong Game Development Researcher It took 18 months to extract knowledge from the research project on "Prehistoric Humans and Cultural Dynamics on Highland in Pang Mapha District, Mae Hong Son Province" by Prof. Dr. Rasami Chusongdej. Senior Research Fellow of the Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Board (STI) and Faculty, then check the accuracy of the content. Including testing play among researchers and ethnic Shan youth. Hunt Black Hu, Hmong, Lee Seo, Paka Ke Nyo, Lawe and Urban People The board game series has different content, namely ethnic detective games. We want to encourage the exchange of learning between ethnic school children and people in cities such as Bangkok's wooden sarcophagus puzzle. Build understanding and awareness of prehistoric sarcophagus culture. Pang Mapha district, which is more than 2,000 years ago, to understand people in the past that to get 1 wooden coffin is not easy detective of the past. Promote skills in searching for people's stories The archaeological process aims to raise awareness. Create critical thinking processes and solve problems. Board games are a potential tool to communicate complex research. It leads to easily accessible learning through board game mechanics. If played before the actual tour, it will help to understand the context of the area. Create a significant high-value travel group, wanting such board games to reach students who don't have the opportunity. Students from ethnic groups or remote schools hope to reduce inequality with learning materials because most of the players are urban people or children in Bangkok. Prof. Dr. Rasami Methi Senior Research Fellow and Consultant of Board Game Research Project said that board games allow us to put down our mobile phones while playing, talking, laughing, curious, curious, discussing, analyzing, as well as being entertained at the same time. Unfortunately, the production of prototypes is also just finished. In order to provide an opportunity for those who are interested in having games produced by Thai people to play or want to collect, as well as to distribute to schools with students from various ethnic groups, the private sector is invited to contribute to the work of the research faculty to pass on to the youth. To disseminate knowledge and understanding about ethnic groups and past cultures on the land of Thailand. 
"Somchai" to prevent students from being criticized "graduate dress" compared to beautiful women in the city|Asst. Prof. Somchai Preechasilpakul posted to students criticized by famous professors "graduate dress" compared to beautiful women in the city. Lifting forensic philosophy to teach boxing to have a sense of humor does not recommend unreasonable retaliation today (March 27, 2022) Asst.Prof.Somchai Preechasilpakul Lecturer and Head of Legal Research and Development Center Faculty of Law, Chiang Mai University (CMU) Post a message on the Research Center's Facebook page. One university page somewhere Commenting on the case of a famous professor who has criticized the freedom of dress code on graduation day of law students, CMU Asst. Prof. Somchai Preechasilpakul Law students, if they remember the issues they discussed in forensic philosophy. Title "Freedom and Morality" This is one example that will help us better understand and learn about the so-called "tolerance" in the real world. It suggests that one of the key attributes in society is tolerance for differences of opinion, because whether differences of opinion are right or wrong, they are valuable to allow them to express themselves. When demanding freedom of expression or expression, we must not stifle the expression of others. He may or may not agree with our actions. What should be treated is the use of reasoning and wisdom in debate to understand the ideas that are in both his and ours' opinions, which may lead to the improvement of our thoughts, but we will not silence anyone's opinion. Because expressing one's opinion is a fundamental freedom that a human being should have. It's always been stupid opinions about mole turtles.    
Are you leaving? Exhibition "Model train", a mission of life in a miniature world |Bangkok Model Railway Exhibition 2022: Life Missions in a Miniaturized World Model trains: Creating ideas from the atmosphere and environment of the train It is scaled down to become a model that looks like the real world. Sujin Keysuwan and Model Railway Club Organize Bangkok Model Railway 2022 Exhibition Model trains are ideas created from the atmosphere and environment of the train operation. It has been popular for a long time all over the world, whether in America, Europe or Asia, there will be different models and systems according to the train identity of each country. Even Thai trains have it. In addition to complete train models, scenes and scenery need to be created to make the story realistic. There are railway stations, cities, bridges, rivers, tunnels, which require learning about the railway system. Study landscapes, equipment, and combine them to create imagination. Create a feeling of being immersed in a model train world where you can be a station master, passenger, or someone with activities along the way the train passes.  In the exhibition, a 6 x 4 meter model train was exhibited, along with a demonstration of landscape making on the layout, as well as a discussion on each model train in several zones of each scale model train model. Bangkok Model Railway 2022: Life in a Miniaturized World Model trains by Sujin Keysuwan and the Model Rail Club will be on display during 19 March - 6 April 2022 (closed on Mondays) from 10.30 - 19.00 hrs at Gallery Room, 1st floor, TCDC, Bangkok.   
 Guinness Book Updates New Record "One Piece" Publications Surpass 500 Million Copies  |Guinness World Record surpasses 500 million copies of "One Piece" after previously holding the record for a single-authored comic book with over 300 million copies printed in 2015 today (Aug. 4, 2022). スタッフ【公式】/ Official #500millionCopies#ONEPIECE The Guinness World Record "the Comic Book Series with the Most Copies Published by a Single Author", certified in 2015, has been renewed and Oda-sensei has been awarded a new official certificate! In this update to the record, Guinness World Record officially endorsed the comic as "the most published comic series by a single author." #ONEPIECE#ギネス世界記pic.twitter.com/FbntTICyTq録 Guinness World Record has recorded the publication of the manga "ONE PIECE" once. In 2015, it had a circulation of over 320,866,000 copies, with 77 comic books released during that period. Weekly Shonen Jump (Shueisha) in Japan in December 1997 and continues to be released today. 
Supporting the "New Generation" USING SOFT POWER TO DRIVE HERITAGE|TCU supports the promotion of cultural heritage and creative economy as soft power for sustainable national development based on knowledge in science, research and innovation. Speakers empower faith and understanding among the younger generation. To help develop further along with conservation. Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation By Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Board TSRI Forum: Driving SOFT POWER towards Sustainable Economic Growth" with Prof. Dr. Sirirurk Songsivilai Permanent Secretary Presided over the opening ceremony and gave a keynote speech on "The Role of AVA in Driving Soft Power with Woan." In conclusion, one of the key points is that Thailand's role when talking about soft power will be found in many dimensions, especially in foreign affairs where influence on various matters is used to influence the desired direction, which is extremely important at heart, namely culture and economic strength. "The role of the academic department must look at what will happen in three aspects: how to strengthen existing strengths, which is a difficult and challenging problem, how to make existing things sustainable, and let experts help think about how to make other areas stronger as well. This must be a mechanism to drive Thai people to feel that Thailand has a future. There is hope and good feelings, as WON cannot give the budget to build one thing alone, but help unlock it to move forward. Make sure its good and are already going to be more. I'm happy to continue to use all available resources to work with everyone. Matt Assoc. Prof. Dr. Padmavadi Poshnukul, Director of the TCSW, said that the TCU recognizes the importance of precious cultural heritage and various types of creative economy. Therefore, it is hoped that this forum will provide information in making recommendations to departments in the OA and universities in the area to jointly formulate problems and goals that will support research and innovation in the country. As well as working with other agencies with specific expertise and the private sector. To drive the utilization of knowledge in science, research and innovation. Empowering cultural heritage and the creative economy to add value Create recognition of Thailand and be a soft power that creates sustainable economic growth. "Promoting Cultural Heritage and Creative Economy as Soft Power for Sustainable Development" Prof. Emeritus Dr. Surapon Virulhrak President of the Royal Society Identify soft power as a difficult but easy to do problem. Because Thailand has good products for thousands of years, but it must be expanded and sustained by creating a "power of faith" for people to believe and be a great force, including the "Content Industry" to create added value and buyers willing to pay more. But it must be well organized not to be a bureaucracy because it has a high ego." The creator and the eater must tune together. If they have faith, they will follow them, know how to redesign, modify products, and do not have to be of the same standard. If you look at the creative industry model. What is absolutely necessary is to do from quality upstream raw materials to end products"Soft Power is the unity of diversity. Do not tie them together because there are a lot of raw materials and there are many opportunities to develop platforms or paradigms. The most important thing is to believe and believe in the young generation that they are skilled, goodwill and take risks. Know about high technology, can generate income and have many networks. Even if only 1 percent is achieved, it is considered valued. Sometimes businesses don't want policies but want opportunities. It must create an understanding of the present and future people to know that intellectual property is good, valuable and valuable, can be aesthetically expanded, and use technology for the future. The existing courses in the arts weigh superficially. There is still a lack of understanding and appreciation to be applied in the current way of life. We must create a new generation that can use soft power efficiently and effectively for value and value, conserve and develop, and provide space and opportunities without much conditions. Meanwhile, Tourism Authority of Thailand Governor Yuthasak Supasorn said that what attracts tourists is nature, cultural heritage and activities. In addition to 5F Food, Film, Fashion Fighting, and Festival, there must also be Friendship. There must also be 5M, namely Music, Museum, Master event, Metaverse that can be expanded, and Merit, cultural tourism, meditation, detox. Transforming nature into an experience not only to see but to preserve and to have Thainess not only to visit but to be able to absorb the culture and use it in daily life will lead to soft power and branding in Thailand. "What needs to be done is that Platform X collaborates to create creativity to expand and continue. Using knowledge from 'Bora' (houses, temples, schools) to create the power of faith that the whole world talks about both in the present world and the virtual world, which he hopes to see the NRA join the drive and propose to transform the old-looking cultural heritage into a 'cultural asset' will have immediate value. The director of the Creative Economy Promotion Agency (Public Organization) revealed that Thailand is rich in culture and has a lot of raw materials, but how to transform it into a valuable industry, the key factor is the content industry, which must blend traditional culture with international culture, such as converting cultural language into dance language of Korean artists. It must be a society that is less corrupt, less ignorant, and aligns values with facts. For Thai people to believe, recognize and accept that it is a wonderful thing, as well as to gather scattered knowledge into a unified whole. Make soft power clear and complete direction. There are other elements to push for even faster growth. Research is fundamental because design and creativity are based on knowledge in order to create "creatives with value to society". The NRA must give people the opportunity to study diversity, not just government agencies. But it has to be passed down to the little ones. Children and private individuals have experimented with research. In the end, whether the result is an ideal or a theoretical axis, he wants to see the conclusions of the research. Wattanawarangkoon, an advisor to the Department of Cultural Promotion, said that the Ministry of Culture is an upstream agency that seeks diamonds to refine, but the big problem that hinders the development of soft power is that young people and young people do not see the importance of Thai cultural heritage wisdom. How to make children appreciate, develop and expand to add value along with conservation to survive. 
This holiday Eco-tourism See rare animals in the "Talu Cave"|This holiday Who does not have Thai PBS online plan to invite eco-tourism, walk into the forest, cave hole. See rare animals in "Talu Cave", Satun Province, after being part of Satun Global Geopark, which has been certified by UNESCO (Global Geopark). La-ngu district has become another landmark in In addition to the special is a small cave formed by the melting of limestone with a pattern that invites pictures. There are also rare animals to see each other in person. Before the entrance, there is a spot to take photos to check in at the beginning with the "OK Rock". The limestone has been eroded to form a hand-like shape that is symbolizing okay. Local guides who are volunteers from the community. Spray herbal mosquito repellent before wearing a flashlight on your forehead, attach a microphone and carry a speaker around your waist to walk in front of a group of tourists to describe information along the route. 400 - 500 meters, just walk up to the mouth of the cave. Everyone will see fossils of primitive animals, including nautiloids. Gastopots and brachiopods belonged to the Palaeozoic era or 545-245 million years ago. When you walk in, you will smell and start to hear the sounds of the locals: There are more than 500 giant bats. On the way, if you observe the narrow area, you will encounter rare animals such as tukkai. Animals belonging to the same group as the gecko differ in that the paws are slender like human fingers, which the gecko emphasizes using nails to climb unlike the gecko. Moving a little further, I noticed a long-legged spider, or a large wandering spider, perched on the wall, and also found several paw marks and cliff droppings. Even at the end of the cave, you will see a sinkhole formed by the cave collapsed into a large flat area. It has a unique closed ecosystem with exotic vegetation like champagne cup mushrooms. The trunk of the 15-person pao embraces and the plants of the Ylang-Ylang-Ylang family that are different from outside, walking tired, there is an air cave in the middle of the forest to stand with cool eyes to cool off the heat as well. Mr. Thani Jaisamut Volunteer Earth Geopark Tour Guides He told Thai PBS Online that since the announcement he was made to be part of the Global Geopark, he has been a part of the Global Geopark. This makes this tourist attraction even more lively. There are tourists, both the general public and students. Students travel hundreds per month. For many parts of the community to join forces to work to welcome tourists. In order to preserve the environment and nature in the homeland, we hope to pass these things on as natural heritage for future generations. NSTDA, together with researchers from Prince of Songkla University and people in the community, created the "Navanurak" platform so that everyone can access information about Satun Geopark online as a dipping sauce. Before you come to see the real thing yourself. 
Thailand's First "Hidu" ESD K9 with Human Trafficking Case Evidence Search|Thai PBS Online ESD K9 "Hidu", the first ESD K9 in Thailand, with a mission to search for evidence of electronic devices, SIM cards Mobile Memory Cards Solve Human Trafficking and Child Sexual Abuse Cases Many people are familiar with the mission of the four-legged. K9 police dogs work amid risks and pressure to detect explosives Drugs, but the latest was in August 2022. Operation Underground Railroad (O.U.R.), an organization working to end human trafficking and child sexual exploitation, has adopted "Hidu." 2-year-old Labrador male dog Labrador Retriever assists in human trafficking and child abuse cases, the first of its kind in Thailand, is trained to smell Triphenylphosphine oxide used in thermal coatings of electronic devices. The smell-sensitive nose helped police and relevant authorities search every nook and cranny of evidence or blind spots until they found electronic data containers, SIM cards, and other devices. Memory cards, iPads, mobile phones The key evidence contains information, images and clips of the offense. Led to the prosecution of the accused, Christie. According to the caregiver, Hidu means "sniff". At first, I thought that Hidu would be stationed in Malaysia, but I was glad to be in Thailand and continued to use this name because I liked the meaning that is the hallmark of Hidu Hidu, different from the K9 because it practiced sniffing electronic data packaging devices (ESD K9) such as SIM cards. iPads, mobile phones, which are very few. In the United States, there are only 85 ESD K9s, and now there are 84 left because they are in Thailand, 1 of which is Hidu. Later, he trained in the Jordan Detection K9 program and specialized in finding electronic devices in all seasons, whether on land, in shallow water, or in shallow ground. Hidu helped search Mexico for evidence in the room of a child sexual abuse suspect. City finally found a cell phone hidden in a pile of clothes. Starting his mission in Thailand, Hidu assisted the police from the Anti-Human Trafficking Division. Search for more evidence in the suspect's room. Found a cell phone hidden very deep at the head of Christie's bed, Christie said dog handlers can reduce the dog's risk. Check the inspection site first to ensure your dog works as safely as possible. He admitted that one of the obstacles was the hot weather because Hidu had previously lived in cold cities. Being part of Christie's family, she loves to play with her children and often goes everywhere. Use the "Seek" command to find hidden electronics in books, bags, refrigerators, or on desks. Even small devices like memory cards don't escape Hidu's sensitive nose. When smelling chemicals, Hidu will sit down. Christie said "Show me," and Hidu would use his nose to push the spot where the device was packed with information, waiting for a handful of food as a reward because he didn't eat a bowl like a normal dog. He concluded Hidu's mission in Thailand to assist the police and authorities involved in finding evidence in the case, soothe children of sexual abuse cases, and ease their worries. More importantly, Hidu helps raise awareness about human trafficking cases. Child sexual abuse cases are happening everywhere around the world.  
Get to know "Dementia" Illnesses faced by the former Malaysian prime minister|Family of former Prime Minister of Malaysia Decided to reveal the former leader's illness. To make people understand and realize the horrors of "dementia", Thai PBS Online invites people to know more about this disease. To raise awareness and guidelines for caring for patients with this condition, some sentences from revelations about dementia that former Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi The now 83-year-old Khairy Jamalukdin Malaysia's Health Minister, also known as the son-in-law of the former Prime Minister of Malaysia. This person is the one who reveals what his family is dealing with, the Health Minister. Abdullah began showing signs of dementia after stepping down in 2009 and is currently in a wheelchair and unable to carry out his normal daily activities. Thai PBS Online has been researching Alzheimer's disease to create more understanding and coping with dementia, a syndrome caused by a gradual deterioration or impairment of brain function. The patient will begin to have impaired memory. Conception determination Understanding things, learning, language use, or emotional changes, etc., causing problems in work and daily life can be caused by damage or changes to the brain. Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause, and vascular dementia is the secondary cause. Repeated head accidents are also one of the causes of this condition, and in most cases, dementia cannot be treated and forgetfulness begins in the early stages. Work decisions are reduced. The patient will begin to repeatedly ask questions, discussing what has already been said. Remember the names of those close to you. Some patients may not be able to read or write, hallucinate, and lack of recklessness leading to wrong decisions. This is considered the most dangerous thing for the patient himself - Age Risk with increasing age, especially those over 65 years old - Family history of dementia - Down syndrome can also develop into Alzheimer's disease. Doctors often find patients with this type of dementia who are younger than 50 years old- other factors such as cardiovascular diseases. Depression, smoking. Heavy alcohol consumption relies on a physical examination and examination of the patient's medical history. If the doctor suspects dementia, the doctor will perform additional tests, including neurological examination. Mental health checks or other tests such as blood tests and laboratory tests for dementia occur. Most of them cannot be cured. But doctors can help prevent symptoms from getting worse and maintain a good quality of life, such as medication, therapy, and lifestyle modification. Dementia is difficult to prevent because the cause is often unknown, but we can reduce the chances of developing dementia. By taking good care of your overall health, there are simple guidelines as follows:1. Quit smoking can help reduce the risk of dementia. 2. Eat a healthy diet to help keep your body strong. 3. Get enough vitamin D Research has shown that people with low vitamin D levels are more likely to develop Alzheimer's disease or dementia.4. Maintaining a healthy body weight reduces the risk of dementia and other diseases.5. Keep your mood clear and learn new things to train your brain. 6. Maintain blood pressure People with high blood pressure are also at higher risk of developing certain types of dementia.7. Participating in social activities and physical activity can help slow down the onset of dementia while reducing some of the symptoms caused by dementia.1.Ronald Reagan 40th President of the United States2.Robin Williams The Oscar winner for Supporting Actor for Good will hunting3.Bruce Willis, a famous American actor, is another person who suffers from Aphasia, one of the dementia syndromes. Source: Warning symptoms Sukhumvit Hospital (sukumvithospital.com)Alzheimer's disease - Symptoms, Causes, Treatment - See a doctor (pobpad.com)https://readementia.com/famous-people-with-dementia  
China-Laos train ride "Vang Vieng-Luang Prabang" |Previously, it took no less than 13 hours, but now it takes only 2 hours. Explore Vang Vieng's natural attractions with a backpack and head to the Laos-China Railway Station in the Vientiane Capital The first stop that the Thai PBS news team and many tourists have to check in before heading to Vang Vieng, a diverse natural sightseeing city that takes about 1 hour. Laos is an adventurous tourist destination that excites tourists. A Cambodian tourist traveling with a travel agency. He said that he decided to come to Vang Vieng - Luang Prabang because he wanted to take the Laos-China railway, another major tourist spot within Vang Vieng is the Angel Cave, where tourists come to do activities such as kayaking. Scenic Closure of Laos for more than 2 years due to COVID-19 As a result, the kip depreciated from 250 kip per 1 baht to 450-500 kip per 1 baht due to the lack of baht and dollars entering the country. There is income into the country from tourism, especially the Laos-China Fever railway, which trains are full every way if it is a weekend, with the spending of tourists for 3 days and 2 nights, if passing through travel agencies, will fall 7,000-8,000 baht per person. Travel "Thailand-Laos" Add bogie-train to pick up passengers opened for almost 1 year "China-Laos Railway" connecting economic opportunities 
Rest - End of life "Master Chalermchai" lay down his hand to paint|"Master Chalermchai" Answer the painting artist's hand-laying questions. I want to spend the end of my life at the age of 68 riding a motorcycle with my students.  Let's just let it go. Choose the way of happiness I don't want to work until the day I die. This is the message in the clip that was published on Narintorn's Facebook page. Tamas A close disciple of Chalermchai Kositpipat, a 68-year-old national artist from Chiang Rai who created art at Wat Rong Khun Chiang Rai 3 minute clip of Chalermchai teacher Answering the question, many students have asked if the teacher no longer draws pictures because he is seen riding motorcycles to travel to various tourist sites regularly. Stated that he was not going to draw until the day he died. Now I want to rest and live a happy life before I die. He started letting go at the age of 55 and at 65 years old releasing Wat Rong Khun My only job is to travel. I've done a lot. Tell your wife. I'm on a good trip. Let you make your own living. I'm not topping you up. Everyone has to make their own money. Each person's life must seek their own happiness and desire since childhood, if he reaches the age of 65, he will travel continuously only to relax as he likes, which is to ride a motorcycle with his students who like to ride together, and then get sick and die because there is nothing else, life exercises to be strong so that he can ride, meditate and pray for the mind to accept everything and what will happen in the future is death.    
Turning wasteland into an alternative marketplace Meeting point for people with organic hearts|Klong Pom people Ban Rai Municipality, Hat Yai District Turn the wasteland into a stall at the alternative market. "Meeting point for people with organic hearts" People can buy health, sellers have smiles, organic vegetables Fruit juices, food and sweets from the taste of the villagers in Klong Pom area. Ban Rai Municipality Ban Pru, Hat Yai, Songkhla Set up a stall at the alternative market, an organic heart meeting point, which is open every Saturday from 07.00 -11.00. "Pinit Suwankong", 52 years old The initiator of the meeting point for people with organic hearts told Thai PBS Online that this area used to be desolate. After contacting the owner to rent a healthy noodle shop. The owners, who are willing to open the space to create a market for health lovers for other people in the area, have also set up stalls. Therefore, the area has been renovated and developed until it can be opened to sell products, members who come to set up shops include organic farming groups and various health products, vegetables-fruits or organic rice. Recently, there are about 20 vendors who come to earn money without paying rent at Mr. Pinit. He stated that even though it has been open for several months, most customers are still regular customers. There are some casualties, but people don't know much yet. I personally sell healthy noodles from the idea that I like to eat noodles but found that there are many toxins in the noodles, vegetables or broth, so I chose to grow organic vegetables by myself. Cook the soup without MSG and choose organic brown rice noodles as the main ingredient without meat as an ingredient. He stated that his main occupation is yoga teacher, so he pays special attention to food and chooses to sell healthy products focusing on Indian food and healthy snacks such as reckless waffles using coconut syrup or carrot muffins for vegans. In addition to selling food, there are also special services to recommend healthy eating along with "Sunee Sien-warm", 62 years old. The organic farming group, which set up a stall selling organic vegetables, said that when they heard that the area was open to sell health products, they also came to sell, which customers responded very well, including organic vegetables, fruits, and rice, reflecting that people like to eat organic vegetables more. When consumers eat safely. The seller is just as happy as "Jeddee Chandrathan", 53 years old. Vendors sell a variety of coconut products, including cold-pressed coconut oil. Massage Oil Inhalation oil, coconut oil, piercing ear candy fried with coconut oil, oily candy and coconut shell charcoal Starting from a health-conscious person, he turned to take care of his own health before developing various products from coconut and selling them to make consumers healthier as well. The meeting point for people with an organic heart is also a space for people to share in the community. Many people bring vegetables and snacks such as golden rolls at home to distribute to passers-by, vendors and vendors themselves, as well as other activities to enjoy, such as crocheting or making tie-dye fabrics. At the same time, the Mirror Foundation has also set up second-hand clothes for customers to choose from and set up donation boxes according to their faith. For customers who come to shop at the meeting point of people with organic hearts. He admitted that he received little publicity, but he saw it through, so he came to support local vendors after a workout on Saturday. Buy organic vegetables and rice to eat at home. It is hoped that the local area will open up alternative markets so that people in the community can earn their own income and allow consumers to buy better and more useful products for those who are interested in subsidizing health products from local villagers. From Hat Yai Songkhla Take the route Kanjavanit Road, away from Hat Yai About 20 kilometers, the meeting point for people with organic heart is at the intersection of Klong Pom. Ban Rai Municipality Ban Pru, Hat Yai, Songkhla Set up stalls every Saturday 07.00​ -​11.00 North.  
The park launches "4 Best Menus" to push Soft Power Food |TSA pushes Soft Power for food Attract tourists to taste and show 4 national park specialties, avocado curry Tenderloin steak in light pepper sauce Orange curry, sea crab, pickled bamboo shoots Fried mangrove leaves - Koh Lao shrimp paste paste today (28 Sep 2022) Mr. Somsak Sakulwannarak Director of the National Park Bureau Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Flora Revealed that the government and Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa The Minister has a policy to support and promote soft power or unique cultural traditions as an important part of driving the economy and creating added value for tourism. 1. Food (Food) 2.Movies and Videos (Film) 3.Fashion design 4. Thai martial arts (Fighting) and 5. Festival Currently, we have started in the area of support and promotion of soft. Power within the agency due to national parks and forests. There are personnel who are knowledgeable and skilled in many fields in music, especially folksong music, which is commonly used as a medium of communication that connects well with the community. The National Park Bureau has organized a folksong band contest. 14 bands from various parks submitted to the contest and 5 bands were selected to perform on October 2 on the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the NPS. From Mu Ko Phetra National Park, Bigcat Band, Klong Lan National Park, Bai Tong Kung Band, Phu Phan National Park, Chom That Band, Phu Hin Chom That - Phu Phrabat National Park and Phu Wiang National Park Association, Mr. Somsak said that the National Park Bureau has also selected soft power for food or "national park specialties" in which national parks and forests nationwide have methods and ingredients that are endemic. To attract tourists to taste and experience different cuisines as well as create new travel experiences for themselves. Initially, the first 4 dishes from Obkhan Park, Chiang Mai province were "Avocado Curry", which is a plant that is grown by the community around the area. The texture is soft and viscous with the unique taste of avocados. Make a curry, whether it is pork. Chicken or meat is richer and softer. The delicate aroma of basil and kaffir lime leaves remains unique to Thai cuisine and can be eaten with hot steamed rice or Chinese noodles as well. The second menu from Seven Little Girls Park, Saraburi Province, is "Beef Tenderloin Steak with Light Pepper Sauce", a beef tenderloin obtained from the community in Muak Lek district. It is marinated with spices, making it as tender as imported beef from Australia. Mix with a mild pepper sauce containing cow's milk to give it an oily aroma instead of using the park's third whipped cream. Ang Thong Islands, Surat Thani Province: "Pickled bamboo shoots sea crab orange curry" made from precious local ingredients. Fresh dense sea crab from the Gulf of Thailand Curry with pickled bamboo shoots To taste the authentic Southern orange curry, the fourth menu from the park. Ranong Islands, Ranong Province: "Fried mangrove leaves, shrimp paste Koh Lao", raw materials from the mangrove forest of Ranong by taking the 2nd young mangrove leaf from the young shoots, which has a salty taste and also has properties to help heal stomach ulcers, relieve dizziness, vomiting, topped with minced shrimp or minced pork in crispy batter. Ranong's famous shrimp paste production area
EGAT launches "Nuan" Cat presenter promotes APEC 2022|Ministry of Foreign Affairs Post a picture "Nual Cat", Presenter Promoting APEC 2022 Meeting, Invites Thais to Open Up and Build Relationships Linked to balance and be a good host Ministry of Foreign Affairs Instagram post "mfa_thailand" launches "Nuan" Cat in both sitting positions. Standing in front of the APEC 2022 promotion banner by inviting everyone to join "Openness, Relationship, Connecting to Balance" and inviting everyone to be a good host and support the success of this year's APEC meeting. This year's hosting of APEC will be an important opportunity for Thailand to play a constructive role in co-shaping international regional economic cooperation policies and directions. Exchange knowledge and experience with APEC countries in order to reform and upgrade Thailand's economic standards to modernize and internationalize, as well as to build capacity in various dimensions for the public and private sectors.
Use by - Best before Can people eat or throw away?|The "date" on various products is confusing people to the point that many European countries, including the United States, are in danger. We are considering dates on various products because they see it as part of the problem of unnecessary food disposal in addition to the amount of food. Another piece of information that most customers always check before buying is the date label for the production date and expiry date, but the variety of words "Use by, Best by, Best before" and many other words confuses shoppers and throws away the food that is still edible. Director of ReFED, a New York-based nonprofit that studies food waste He said the problem is that people misunderstand what the signs are saying, leading to an increase in food waste across the country. In the UK, many shops remove the Best before label from fruit and vegetable packaging, while the European Union is expected to announce an updated law on food labels by the end of the year. It does not aim to abolish the use of the term best before, but rather to standardize the use of the term. According to a U.N. estimate, more than 17 percent of food waste comes from households each year, while ReFED estimates that 7 percent of U.S. food waste, or 4 million tons/year, comes from food disposal. Because the production process relies on many parts, and food that is discarded on various land also generates greenhouse gases, another benefit if there is a clearer requirement on expiration date labels is that many people, including agencies that accept food donations, will be more confident that food with a date that is not an expiration date. It can be consumed or donated, which in the U.S. Manufacturers have the right to decide for themselves when their food is best eaten, but only baby formula requires a fixed expiration date, while some grocery store owners say that some foods can actually be consumed after the specified date. For example, milk can be consumed 1 week after the specified use by date, and canned foods can be eaten for years after the date specified after Best before. 
A Business Proposal Writer Opens Tips for Success K-Webtoon 320M Views|NARAK, the author of the popular webtoon A Business Proposal that has been read over 320 million times and made into a series on Netflix, flew to Thailand as an honorary ambassador for K-WEBTOON and gave tips on his journey as a writer before becoming successful at the Korean Cultural Center in Thailand. Time travel to find Maine, blind date. Famous Korean webtoon writer "NARAK" flew to Thailand to discuss the path of webtoon artist as an honorary ambassador for K-WEBTOON on stage at the event for "NARAK", the author of webtoon A Business Proposal. The popular hit with over 320 million views before bursting into flames again when it was created into a series edition with the Thai name "Blind Dates. LOVE THE PRESIDENT" UNTIL IT WAS ABLE TO WIN THE NO. 1 MOST WATCHED NETFLIX SERIES IN THAILAND. Admitting that it wasn't easy from a young girl who loved Japanese-style manga, she had a dream of becoming a manga writer and immediately drew for her friends and close people to read. Many of her friends have loved her work. As a result, NARAK has always followed this path even when his parents objected or were told not to do it. She was also determined to do what she liked and wanted to do, even passed the university entrance exam and successfully chose to study in the faculty related to manga. Watching movies, looking at pictures, or even going for a walk outside or listening to music without lyrics can also help inspire, and the hardest thing about being a webtoon writer, like any other writer, is to catch up with the dateline while taking care of your own physical health. I would like to remind new blood drawnists to manage their time well, Work-Life Balance. NARAK sees that the Korean webtoon market is considered to be growing significantly. Compared to when she started drawing "A Business Proposal," 5 years ago and is expected to grow further. Thai writers who may be just starting out think that they will soon be able to develop as well as Korean writers. It is a Thai-Korean cultural exchange and a unique opportunity to meet all Thai readers, in addition to sharing tips, NARAK also has a workshop to draw the character of Her Majesty from A Business Proposal. Sitting on a tuk-tuk and explaining the process, details and techniques to Thai writers and interested parties to hear and apply as well. Meanwhile, Fynnyx, illustrator of "Time Travel in Search of Maine" The Korean Cultural Center has been preparing and planning to create a webtoon based on history for more than 18 months to commemorate the sacrifices of Thai veterans who participated in the Korean War in 2016. 1950 For the Peace and Freedom of KoreaFynnyx He told Thai PBS Online that he was very excited to be a big part of this project. After the previous story "Buppesan Niwat", which got a Thai writer is Rom Phaeng. Collaborate with Korean artists until it comes out as a webtoon edition for you to read. This Thai-Korean collaboration is to bring works by South Korean authors into paintings by Thai artistsRead related news : #เรียกออนนี่อย่าเรียกออเจ้า Thai-Korean pops up "Buppesan Niwat", a webtoon edition from a young girl who has loved to read comics since she was a child. He grabbed a pencil from the moment he remembered, and even started drawing seriously after someone saw his handwriting on social media and asked him to draw a cover of a novel to make money at a young age. And hopefully one day I'll be able to draw my own cartoon. Today, her dream came true when she came to draw her first webtoon. He added that webtoons are becoming more and more popular and may be part of the leap forward in the Thai art industry. and more easily recognized abroad. She hopes that this space will help people around the world to know more about their talents and read comics by Thai artists. Time 09.00–21.00 and Friday from 09.00–17.00. Except public holidays until January 31, 2023 at Korean Cultural Center 
The Future of Thai Writers with "K-Webtoon" Through the Perspective of Cartoonist "Joe, Squid-Headed Detective"|While Thailand's comic market started to shrink, South Korea's innovation "webtoon market" boomed. Many Thai writers began to lay down paper, turning to pen to draw on computer screens. Catching the "K-Webtoon" trend in Thailand through the perspective of "Suttichart Sarapaivanich", writer of "Joe, Squid Head Detective", in the past 1-2 months, fans of Korean dramas will probably see news about the announcement of actors to play characters from many webtoons. Either Kingdom protagonist Joo Ji-hoon is considering a lead role in the popular medical webtoon adaptation of "Golden Hour," or Kim Young-dae, who is considering the lead role of the romantic fantasy adaptation of the webtoon "The Moon that Rises During the Day." Famous idol hero The owner of the title of webtoon mogul who plays the lead role in the popular webtoon series True Beauty. As well as the currently being filmed series Island, based on the webtoon of the same name, and recently debuting the lead role of the webtoon adaptation of "The Villainess is a Marionette," Netflix recently announced the news of the introduction of "Lookism." Famous South Korean webtoons 8.7 billion views worldwide It is set to premiere as an animated series in a month. These heats clearly reinforce the importance of the webtoon industry in South Korea. "Suttichart Sarapaivanich" A cartoonist in the 90s who must know about JOE the SEA-CRET Agent or Joe, a squid-headed detective. Telling the origin of South Korean webtoon with Thai PBS Online, "Webtoon is the evolution of comics in modern times" after being influenced by Japanese manga (manga volumes). South Korea, with "Manhwa," has developed its own comics that capture the dots of today's people who increasingly use smartphones. Therefore, he invented a format for reading comics on smartphones focusing on vertical scrolling for convenience with one hand, and is a cartoon with different colors from the cartoons of the past that are black and white, until it became a platform for reading comics called "webtoon". At the same time, Thailand has no policy to support print media. Like Japan or a country that still prints a lot of books. As a result, Thai comics have been hit hard. Even though anyone can write their own webtoon, universities are offering more specialized courses in this field to keep up with technology and provide space for students' preferences. As a lecturer at the Faculty of Digital Arts, Computer Arts, Digital Illustration and Comic, Rangsit University suggests that 4 years of university study, especially in arts, is a space for students to explore lines. But if you don't study, you may not have the opportunity to find yourself and go to the market immediately to get more readers instead. It's a pleasure to read, an unforgettable read, and an entertainer. This depends on skill. Life experience, who thinks the story better? But I personally still think that webtoons have some limitations. In terms of vertical images, which sometimes do not convey the story as completely as landscape images in comics, both have different strengths. From accumulated experience, "Suttichat" believes that Thai writers who are building a network of webtoon readers will have a long way to go. Because Thai craftsmanship is no different from Korean writers. In other words, some stories are almost indistinguishable, so it's important that the skills and the story continue to fight, which in the short term is a good place to start. When you have a fan. In the long run, they can continue to find their own identity, but in the minds of this writer, I still hope that the comic market in Thailand will continue to move forward in the digital age as well.
Dr. Cicely Delphine Williams, who opposes the use Sweetened condensed milk feeds the baby.|In addition to warnings from the Department of Health, Thailand On the issue of banning the use of "condensed milk" on infants as it can cause malnutrition and lead to the death of children, WHO has also issued a warning around the world. Dr. Cicely Delphine Williams, a Jamaican, found that many babies in the workplace had abnormal symptoms due to malnutrition and the infant mortality rate was also very high. This push has been successful. Dr. Williams discovered the disease Kwashiorkor disease, which is caused by babies who lack food, especially protein. The skin peels off easily, rashes all over the body, low immunity, and infection. The liver is enlarged and will eventually lead to the death of the child. Currently, in developed countries, there are relatively few children with this disease because it has been studied that sweetened condensed milk cannot be given to babies. In Thailand, it is also sporadic Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicely_Williams
"Single microphone" Call out or Call to action?|In the performance of "Solo 13" by Nose-Udom Taepanich, many people who have followed this speaker's microphone solo performance for a long time, from Solo 1-13, will know that since the performance of Solo 7 in 2008 onwards. Udom Taepanich Even in this latest performance, Noos-Udom said that he has mocked the prime ministers of all governments from time to time. Many people who agree with what Nose-Udom says may feel good and see Nose-Udom as a good person. Doing what society wants. Nose-Udom is helping society in his own way? Nose-Udom may be setting an example for other famous people. Try to use your own reputation as a voice for what society needs but the call out of Noos-Udom like other political activists such as Penguin-Prit Chiwarak, Rung-Panusaya Sitthijirawattanakul, Pai-Jatupat Boonpatrakrak? But why is the outcome of the call so different that many political activists have to do so? The person who received the call out was Section 112 and had several cases attached to him. The people below the stage have seen the courage to demand change from the demanders on stage, and it may escalate to clashes with government officials. A lot of people got hurt. Injured or killed during the call out of Nose-Udom, who attended the show, got a meme, got a joke. It can be played or passed on to each other online, getting happiness, laughter. No one gets hurt or has a case to take home. As for the people on stage, they get paid for performing small phrases from Udom's book GU123, which states that Noos-Udom's microphone solo performance is hardly as close to a call out as many people think, but a call to action or a strategy to work using words or short sentences. To attract customers to come back for repeat purchases. Many people get lost in thinking that this is a call out simply because the speaker says what they like. Many have called on government officials to investigate his performance. But it seems that the person who will not get lost in Nose-Udom's 13 solo trap this time is Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. In short, let's just look at it as entertainment.
"Narcissus." A man cursed to love himself.|Narcissistic disorder is a type of personality disorder. Patients with this disease are characterized by self-centeredness. It requires flattery and lack of empathy for others, which is derived from the root word "Narcissus". A self-obsessed young hunter from ancient Greek mythology, Narcissus is a young hunter born of a river god and nymph. He was one of the most handsome men in ancient Greek mythology, and was sought after by both humans and gods. Travel into the forest for hunting. At that time, he met a nymph named "Echo". Nymphs instantly fall in love with Narcissus at first sight, but with the curse that Echo is cursed by the goddess Hera, the wife of Zeus, that Echo will not be able to speak at will, only to speak according to someone else's last words. So this nymph could only follow Narcissus and wait for Narcissus. Only speak to her, Narcissus. Know someone's following him in the woods. When he turned around, he spoke to Echo, but Echo could only say Narcissus' last words. Annoyed, he yelled to chase Echo away, the nymph was very sad and fled into the cave crying until he died of dust, leaving only the sound in the cave. Aphrodite The goddess of love saw the whole thing and felt angry at Narcissus. Do not value the love of others. So he cursed Narcissus. Who is bowing his head to beckon in the stream to quench his thirst, to fall in love with only himself. When Narcissus Cursed, he fell in love with his face reflected in the water and wouldn't get up until he died. Narcissus or Narcissus is the name for a person with narcissistic disorder. Appreciate praise from others Lack of empathy In medical practice, it is difficult to diagnose what the symptoms of narcissism are characterized by. Some people may need to take a Narcissistic Personality Inventory which consists of 40 questions, but the doctor will also perform a physical examination to confirm that the symptoms are not caused by other injuries. Source: pobpad.com, Wikipedia
Solve the question! Mekong current before "Tono" swim to conquer 15 km.|Can Tono swim across the Mekong? Open Department of Water Resources Academic Information The Mekong River flows through Nakhon Phanom-Thakhek station. The average speed is 0.933 meters per second. The water level of 4.45 meters is considered not to flow quickly. If you are fit, you will succeed. Questions before Swim Across the Mekong on Oct. 22 In the courtyard of Phaya Si Sattanagarat, Nakhon Phanom province of Mr. Pakin Khamvilayasak or Tono. The singer and actress prepared to conquer the Mekong River, a distance of 15 kilometers, to raise money for Thai PBS Online Hospital. Talk to Mr. Karun Premwut Director of Research and Development Division Department of Water Resources, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment To find the answer to the Mekong current. After the security challenge, Karun According to the Mekong water level measurement by the Division of Research, Development and Hydrology 2 times a day, the latest data was at 07.00 am today (Oct 20). The water level is 4.45 meters, the current water level is 137.13 meters, and the bank level is 144.68 meters. It was found that in the next 5 days, the Mekong water level will be below 4 meters, which is considered the transition from flood water to dry season during this period. The water level along the trench will have a deeper point, but data is not collected. Meanwhile, the Mekong water volume trend in all measured stations, such as Chiang Saen station. Chiang Rai, Nong Khai, Mukdahan and Khong Chiam, Ubon Ratchathani Also, the point where Tono swims across the Mekong is on the upper part of the Mekong River, not the area where the Mekong water converges. Therefore, it does not affect the news to add "Tono" to Nakhon Phanom Yan to swim across the Mekong. Reveal the clues using the Thai PBS online tunnel. Check data from the Division of Research, Development and Hydrology of the Department of Water Resources. Mekong River Water Situation Report on October 20 Mae Na Mekong station water level report at Nakhon Phanom-Thakhek Time 07.00 a.m. It has a value of 5.58 meters and tends to decrease, while the flow rate is 7,170 m3 per second. The current water volume is only 27% of the Mekong River's 27,100 m2/s. And compared to the historical peak on Aug. 23, 2005. The volume of water is 34,500 cubic meters per second, so if based on academic data, the Mekong water flow level has passed its peak. During high water levels and during flood season. Therefore, whether to swim to conquer the Mekong or not depends on the strength of the athlete. Then start in front of Ban Na Muang beach to swim back to the Thai side at the same point. For 4 kilometers, you can see that this route Tono swims with the current by the Mekong River through Nakhon Phanom city. There are no islands or rapids in the middle of the water. Make the tide flow is the only wayRead related newsKnow the only "water tunnel" in Thailand 30 million after "Tono" training open lungs "Tono" drama to swim across the Mekong "I'm good at this, let's do it" CU Reply to the knot "Tono" Free use of water tunnel under repair - Nakhon Phanom Hospital Director confirms "Tono" swims across the Mekong Do not burden the doctor.
"Ubon Ja Children", Action Campaign of 5 Boys to Help Ubon Flood '65|Thai PBS Online talks to 5 young "Ubon Ja Children", an action campaign of Ubon City boys with a mission to help cope with the floods through the online world with the idea of using force to help others. The Ubon flood situation in 2022 is not only being discussed in the wider online world. The reason for the warning and reporting information to the villagers is still delayed. #SaveUbon#Ubon flood65 Twitterers tweeted asking for help at the beginning of the month. Last Oct. Thai PBS Online Have a chance to talk to 5 young Ubon children's page, one of the pages that help to be a voice It also shares encouragement with volunteers and is a medium to help "Ubon Volunteer Children" as an ad hoc project of the elder group. Friends, brothers and sisters, 5 boys, led by Pentai Minaphol. NBT Announcer Ubon Ratchathani Ubon Yuthasak Kids Page Admin Promote or Ek Artist Creative Charn Amporn Thongplao or Nui Owner of a music rehearsal room. Attapol Panprom or Art, Officer of Navavej Inter Hospital First aid and Isornpong Poonsawat or Ray, photographer for Ubon Pentai children's page. He said that until September-October was the worst flood in 44 years, he talked about doing activities that contribute to helping the people and encouraging volunteers. The staff has been working, so the Ubon Volunteer Children Project has been launched. In addition, teams have been sent to report flooding at the scene. Where is the flood? Distribution point to deliver goods to the victims By working with Phra Ji Kong Disciple Foundation and Ubon Ratchathani Municipality In the synchronization of rubbed data to put the data at the center. If donations are accepted, they will go to the central area, Yuthasak said. The goal is to provide psychological assistance to volunteers and people to heal and increase morale for everyone suffering from the Isornpong flood. Poonsawat or Ray, Ubon Children's Page Photographer He told the story during a field trip in mid-October and was behind pinning the coordinates of the flood site. He said traffic was difficult because of flooding of the roads. Warin Chamrap Ubon Ratchathani district, only one route remains. Many people have to commute to work from 5 a.m. to 8 p.m., taking three hours a day to go back and forth. Ray said the floods have seen weaknesses that have occurred by updating the water situation in a timely manner. In order for villagers to be prepared for the situation, they would like to have a team to help heal the mental state of the villagers in the area of prolonged flooding. Because many people lack income from Yuthasak work, said that the volunteer work of Ubon Children's Page. Combining activities without using funds, such as Nui brother, is a music room with musical instruments. Personally, I'm a creative and a producer. Think and communicate. And Brother Tai, the host, helped convey the message. Art, in the paramedics, is behind everyone's efforts to use what they have. Not using funds, but not the strength that comes out to help others. The goal is for Ubon Ratchathani, for the youth, and for the Thai people only. He said that he wanted to tell the media that the water in Ubon Ratchathani around this time is very heavy, but the news is very small, and the presentation of the flood news not only in Muang and Warani districts, but in the outlying districts along the Mun River, but also the media. He said that after they worked together for 1 month, what they got was a smile sent to each other and from both the Ubon page children's team and the volunteer brothers and villagers who suffered in line with the children in the network. 
Japanese writer talks about life in Thailand through cartoon "Thai people"|Japanese writers Tai no hitobito (タイのひとびと」) was released. Tell us about your daily life during your trip to Thailand and your experience with the popular quote "It's Alright", a book called "Tai no hitobito" (タイのひとびと」) by Kobayashi Mariko. Launched on Oct. 25, the book is a visual narration book that talks about the daily life of Thai people and the words that Thai people often say, "It's okay". Eat at a street food restaurant with only Thai menus. It's an exciting and anxious experience. The manga was also released on the Wani books website and also featured new manga (manga) drawings. There are groups of readers both Thai and Japanese who are interested. Some Thais hope to have a translation into Thai or English for Thai readers to read the latest. Kobayashi Mariko tweeted about the Thai PBS news, stating, "Cheers! Thai people get to know the cartoon "Thai" which is my best birthday present. I love Thailand"やった!タイの人たちに私のタイ好きが伝わったぞ!最高の誕生日プレゼントだぜ!!!タイ大好きだよーー!! https://t.co/J1syWbZDri Source: natalie.mu
 Opening the heart of the doctor team "Old Doc" playing music in the middle of Siam|Open your heart to the Old Doc doctors' team. My best friend played music in the middle of Siam, and the response was overwhelming. Submit your application and wait in line for 3 months to show up. The goal is to bring donations to help the hospital accept working hard, rehearsing late at night, as a loving and relaxing activity, marking the launch of the band "Old Doc", known to social media as the gang of doctors playing music. In the middle of Siam Square Walking Street last weekend, many people couldn't believe that almost all the members of the Old Doc band were actually doctors. But in fact, Old Doc is a gathering of doctors from all disciplines, brothers and close friends. Since university has been playing music for more than 30 years, Thai PBS met all 6 members of Old Doc at the music rehearsal room inside the house of "Dr. Wu". Vibhavadi Hospital became a meeting point for the band members, but because of their regular duties, they were unable to rehearse in the music room like everyone else.  Each member has to treat a large number of patients on a daily basis. This makes meeting doctors for music rehearsal not as easy as normal people. The male lead singer of the band "Morkit" or Dr. Somnimit Luengradirung, obstetrician and gynecologist, Faculty of Medicine Vajira Hospital. The response was better than expected after singing at Siam Mokit. Tell us where the doctor's fun story began. When Dr. Kit worked at a clinic near Siam, he saw the atmosphere of the students. Students came to open their hats to sing, so they wanted to apply to sing so that all donations without deducting expenses would be donated to the foundation. Vajira Hospital But this application Dr. Git said he secretly gave up, thinking maybe he wouldn't play. Dr. Git said he didn't even know if the band members were interested, but he knew it was going to work, and if he went back to what happened, he thought he was right. This work, no matter how much preparation, Mai must be difficult, must carry the instrument itself, must play to make the members of the band agree to play Dr. Khemchai Suewansri, a neurologist at Bumrungrad International Hospital. The drummer told us with a laugh that there are many doctors in the band who can heal them. Almost all diseases If anyone comes to listen to music, there is an emergency illness, all doctors. Even if she is not a doctor, she is often referred to as a doctor for "Bua". Bua Bucha Punnanan The Channel 7 anchor is the female lead singer of the band Old Doc, she recounts how she became a singer of this band for almost 10 years, feeling the love of music and notes of each doctor. Bua also told us that sometimes rehearsals before the show have to be rehearsed late at night because some doctors are stuck in surgery. Bua also recounts how impressed he was with his youth in Siam. Because the band usually plays in hospitals and closed places, they are medical personnel, but that day there are all ages, especially teenagers. He may have walked past him. But he's here to help me sing. I want to give it to my brothers. Take us as an example. 
Trending "Thai ghosts" Khaosan Halloween 2022 is in full swing|Khaosan Halloween 2022 is bustling with both Thai and foreign tourists dressed in fantasy ghost costumes. This year, the trend of "Thai ghosts" is strong. Many people hope to use foreign festivals to attract tourists to know more about Thai ghosts and Thai culture today (31 October 2022). The atmosphere on Khaosan Road is full of Thai and foreign tourists who pat their feet to join Khaosan Halloween 2022. From 5:00 p.m., many people choose to dress up to participate in the parade and enter the "Halloween Costume Contest". Or the ghost of a haunting bride who wields a mother dressed as an ogre or a blue ghoul to attend the Halloween festival for the first year. We hope to create smiles and strengthen family relationships even more while The LGBT YouTuber duo from Poocao Channel, who wears silk and lace clothes, slacks and Thai bags, said the dress code hopes to convey meaning to the new generation because it comes with the theme of "The ghost of an adult relative being struck by a child. Warn the teens. However, Mountain and Boon Rawd see that today's Halloween event, agencies, entrepreneurs, and people attending the event are more prepared for safety. After the incident in Itaewon, South Korea, I personally think that if you go to any place, if there are too many people, they will decide not to enter and will study the entrances and exits thoroughly for safety. When there are tourists come to join in the bustling event. Entrepreneurs start smiling. Kornkanok Garland, a trader in Khao San Road, who normally sells fried food, but today put a turner to grab a cheek brush. Apply fake blood. Turn people into ghosts in less than 20 minutes. Chakkraphong Road has become a prime location for both Thai and foreign customers, both young and old, to queue up for ghost makeup continuously. While "Yada Pornpetchrumpa" The president of Khao San Road Hawker Stalls Club is one of the customers of Make Up Halloween, using the occasion of the closed holidays to apply makeup to enjoy Halloween activities and ensure that Khao San Halloween is as safe as "Ari Garland". An English teacher who accompanied 2 young students to learn about real foreign festivals. Outside the textbook Before the start of school tomorrow (November 1, 2022), food and alcohol service operators During COVID-19, Same expenditure, zero income. After the easing of tourist measures, income increased. This Halloween season is the first big event after unlocking everything, which is good to encourage more foreign tourists. Mr. Sanga Ruangwattanakul President of Khao San Business Operators Association Tourists are expected to attend Khaosan Halloween 2022. Approximately 10,000 - 20,000 people, which will generate more than 15 million baht in a single night. In the midst of safety measures coordinated by both the public and private sectors, the event was successfully held. 
"Nursery" Invite you to see the works of senior artists and art activities for the new generation.|"Pohchang College" held an exhibition showcasing the work of senior artists together with young artists until Sunday, October 30 at MBK with a workshop on various art disciplines and various works of students. After more than 2 years of hiatus due to COVID-19, the senior artists came to exhibit together such as Kamon Tatchanchalee, National Artist in Visual Arts (Painting and Mixed Media) in 1997, Thawee Ratchaneekorn, National Artist in Visual Arts (Painting) in 2005, Decha Warashoon in 2005. National Artist for Visual Arts (Printmaking and Mixed Media) Year 2007 Taothong National Artist for Visual Arts (Painting) Year 2552 Woranan Chatchawaltipakorn National Artist for Photography 2009, Thongchai Rakpatum, National Artist for Visual Arts (Painting) 2010, Aree Suttiphan National Artist for Visual Arts (Painting) 2012 and Thanathip Leethamwatkul who have expertise and made their name from their carving works. It is divided into zones that showcase various works of art and design works such as painting, printmaking, etc. There is also a zone to showcase the works of the winners of art contests in 14 disciplines, with this event not only a workshop, but also other interesting works such as DIY brooches, pendants, key chains, Thai foam stencils, flower creations on canvas frames, bas-relief sculpture creations, terracotta pot painting, ceramics painting, cartoon design on brooches, calligraphy design on book covers, tie-dye and natural dyeing using hom colors, product photography techniques and photo editing with smartphones, batik paint on mulberry paper, creating embossed prints on cloth bags, and crafting earrings from head molds. 4th Floor, Zone A, MBK Center
Colorful Bangkok offers art, light and music all over the city.|Colorful Bangkok Art Season Over the next three months, Bangkok will be filled with colour that brings the city to life with art, light and music. After the stagnation caused by COVID-19, Bangkok and the Bangkok Art and Culture Centre Foundation (Bangkok Art Gallery) LAUNCHED COLORFUL BANGKOK 2022, BANGKOK'S MONTH-LONG ART SEASON Nov2022 Skip year to month In January 2023, the public space was opened to provide activities for people and tourists to consume art, light and music according to the policy of 12 festivals throughout the year throughout Bangkok. This has resulted in economic circulation by presenting various types of art by various artists to the public in the gallery. Through art exhibitions such as the Bangkok Art Biennale 2022, Walking through a Songline, Bangkok Theatre Festival 2022 and the community art festival "Bangkok Kuban Juicy" under the theme of "Spin, Walk, Cruise, Stroll, Creative District", visitors to the community and admire the symbolic art of the festive period. Inviting the public to come out and see the nightlife Highlights of the month include Awakening bangkok 2022, which displays more than 30 lighting spots across Bangkok, Night at the Museum Festival 2022, night at the museum night, and light displays at Ratchaprasong intersection. To entertain the public to watch music and performances to enjoy them every day and encourage emerging artists to have a space to exhibit their work. This month, music will be heard throughout the city with music in 12 gardens over the weekend. Private Sector, Civil Society and the Public With the goal of making the city alive and livable for everyone, "Bangkok" is considered an important city and a center for arts and culture, a large arts community. The venue exhibits a large number of arts and cultures, as well as further stimulating the tourism industry in Thailand.
"Thai Board Game" Where does it stand in the global market?|The trend of board games has started to come back and expand steadily in Thailand, but in the global market, where has "Thai board game" been? Follow the industry's journey with "Ek-Peerat Saranurak", a Thai board game developer and designer in recent years. The board game trend is starting to come back and continue to grow and expand. It is an activity that appeals to both the new generation who play to compete against their friends and the big and small generation who can do activities together together with their families to bring smiles and laughter to each other during the holidays. Who knew that board games actually existed with people's lives since ancient times when the remains of betel nuts were excavated? dice 4,000 years ago, or a little closer was chess, checkers, snake ladders. Monopoly game or deck of cards that many people are familiar with. - Peerat Saranurak (Wizards of Learning), board game developer and designer Although it previously played a role in providing entertainment and skills development outside the classroom, board games are now increasingly used in the context of classroom teaching materials, or sometimes combined with big events, most recently with music in the garden. According to Ek Peerat, the board game market is not yet very mature but its popularity is growing steadily. But board game shops have been hit hard by COVID-19. The Board Game Association of Thailand has created the Thailand Board Game database website as a database of Thai board games and allows Thai people to register about their own board games. Illustrator The printing house used to study first. For the Thai market at the moment, Ek Peerat estimates that if the base is strong, it can jump to the global market more easily, such as Hexa House's game that aims at the Thai market for about a while, but raised funds in a 2-hour Kickstarter with a landslide of 6 million baht. Before launching the first project, Victim, a co-op board game adventure in the jungle with the character "The Ghost Ghost Dance" inserted Thai style to the world. Victim's Achievements It can be said that the response was good both during the fundraising period and the pre-order until the release of a new board game called Barbaric and as expected, with the highest success in the history of Thai board games. Last year's international board game event Spiel in Germany saw four Thai design companies exhibit and attracted a lot of attention from Europeans. Because many people will feel that games from the Asian side are not easy to buy. When you look at it, you will find that the quality is good. At the same time, in Thailand, there is more space to showcase board games after COVID-19. On November 11-13, 2022, there will be an annual Thailand bordgame show 2022 for designers, importers, board game shops, designers, educational institutions, players or personnel in the board game industry to meet. For anyone who is interested, you can follow and support Thai board game designers.
Get to know "Board Game" through the perspective of "Watt" BGN From player-YouTuber to designer|In addition to the trend from popular series, YouTubers are an important driver that makes the board game industry more well-known. Get to know Thai board games through the perspective of "Watt-Wattanachai Tridecha" who has been on a board game journey for almost 10 years. In addition to the popularity of Netflix series such as Stranger Things, board game YouTubers are a major driver in pushing the industry to expand their audience and become more widely known when it comes to board game YouTubers with real-world reviews. Explain the rules with easy-to-understand graphics. One of the most popular and well-known channels is TVmunk's Board Game Night (BGN) program. Today, Thai PBS Online invites you to delve into the journey with "board games" for almost 10 years of "Watt-Wattanachai Tridecha". There are probably many people who do not know this activity as well in the early days of "Watt". He told Thai PBS Online that almost no one watches it because people still don't understand what a board game is. What I tried paid off. People are starting to talk about and know more about board games. With the opening of new board game stores, more people are playing at them, which is when the board game trend is coming. Although the trend isn't just caused by board game nights, I'm glad that more people have known and played board games over the nearly 10 years that this show has been made. There are 400-500 games that are located at home, but there are actually hundreds of thousands of board games, so it makes us feel that there are still many games that are not played when playing board games with the show going on. With Board Game Night about to reach 100 EPs, that's where I decided to design a board game that's easy to play and fun. Compared to other board games that were later designed, "Watt" said that KongKang took very little time to process because of the clear concept, but during the work period, I thought 24 hours a day about where to solve it, until I realized that the key to making a board game is to have a date line. "The easier the game, the more difficult it is to design" For those who want to be a board game designer, you may have to start by playing a lot, getting to know many types of games will give you more ideas. To know the theme that you have come up with, what tools should be used, such as if you like wizards, how to put wizards in a format, and then know which is best suited for your game, and the target audience who is our game players is important. In school, in the past, if you used to play with cards, you would be confiscated. But now the teacher is the one who brought board games to teach the students instead. Many organizations also choose to use board games as an activity in the office relaxation area. Many parents are inviting their children to play board games more as Thai society opens up space and understands board games. Thai board game designers have also increased considerably. Each board game is different with its own style. When you see it, you'll immediately realize that the work belongs to this person or the studio, which is great for players to play a variety of board games. From 5 years ago, there are now 10 times more board game designers, and everyone is heading to the global market as one of the board game designers. "Watt" believes that the opportunity for Thai board games to go to the global market is not too far away, but what is necessary is to find the uniqueness of Thai board games, such as Japanese board games, it is clearly seen that it is minimalist, less art work, fun to play. America would be a very complex "evolved" concept. He told Thai PBS Online that board games allow players to spend time with the people they want to be with. Among the people around who use mobile phones and play social media more and more. This activity will allow anyone to put their phones down. It's like pulling everyone, whether friends or family, to spend time together. In addition to strengthening relationships with those close to you, board games are also a tool to build friendships for people to get to know each other through both playing and working in the board game industry. "Watt" emphasized that do not hesitate, let's go, maybe there are walls, I think it is difficult, but I must say that board games are easy. It's okay to play first, it's okay to lose. I don't understand, it's okay, but I want you to try to open your mind, play and have fun, after playing 1-2 rounds, you already understand, "I want you to relax, have fun with the person in front of you, and the board game will make you love it." 
Tourists flock to experience the cold weather - see the sea of clouds. "Phu Chi Fa"|Phu Chi Fa Chiang Rai Tourists flock to experience the cold weather and see the sea of clouds bustling. As temperatures drop to 10 degrees Celsius into the cold season in many provinces of the North, temperatures drop in many areas. Many tourist attractions are bustling, especially tourist attractions along the high peaks that tourists like to go up to see the sea of clouds and cold weather. The minimum temperature is only 15 degrees Celsius, but if it is the top of the mountain right now, the temperature is like Phu Chi Fa at T. Tab Tao, A. Thoeng. Meanwhile, the temperature drops as low as 10 degrees Celsius, allowing you to see the sea of clouds and the sun rising beautifully. This makes the atmosphere of tourism now bustling, which during this period on Phu Chi Fa, there will be tourists traveling up to experience the cold weather, if it is a normal day, there will be hundreds of people. But if it is a holiday period, there will be thousands of people for Phu Chi Fa. Currently, it is in the process of upgrading its status from a forest park to a national park, which is considered one of the most beautiful sunrise and sea of clouds in Thailand.   
Mission "Beagle" Detective 4 Leg Inspector Catches the Smell|Sticking to the mission "Beagle", a 4-legged detective inspector catching the scent of the belt at Suvarnabhumi Airport, a favorite of tourists, but the ability to smell animals. More than 50 types of processed foods to extract AFS Photograph of a four-legged beagle on a belt mission at Suvarnabhumi Airport, some jumping on the edge of the belt and bags that gradually move amidst the eyes of tourists who come with the flight. Diamond and Euro are the K9 beagle dog team of the Sniffer Dog Team Operation series. The Department of Livestock Husbandry who came out to do important tasks at Suvarnabhumi Airport belt Chao 4 legs knowingly along with a team of 10 inspectors began to stand by immediately. When checking flights and destination airlines with a history of AFS outbreaks that will land at Suvarnabhumi Airport today, there are flights from Vietnam, Hong Kong, Cambodia that have to wait for belt 22. "Beagle" 4-legged best friend of the Inspector Suppression Team catches the smell of Dr. Nattakan Kurupan Veterinary Specialist Department of Livestock The Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives said that the reason for using the K9 beagle is because of its sensitive nose and good sense of smell. This breed of dogs was developed from bloodhounds, but is medium in size and friendly, does not bark loudly. The Department of Livestock Development will train beagles from birth. Remember From listening to orders until 5-6 months, so they are ready to go to work. Each day, the 14 K9 beagle spy agents will be divided into 3 teams, 2 detective teams will take turns morning and afternoon, teams of 4 each to detect odors by sniffing thousands of bags per day. When the inspector pats the bag lightly. To help bring out the smelly wind if any leaves have a suspicious smell. The beagle will follow the bag on the belt, then the inspector will inspect the bag as the target and ask him to smell the bag again, then take the bag off the belt and have another beagle check it. If there is an abnormality, the beagle will immediately crouch and sit down, but if the 2 beagles are not interested, bring the bag back to the belt. Dr. Nattakan said that the beagle will distinguish animal carcasses according to the Animal Epidemic Act, a total of more than 50 items. Fresh meat from all animals, fur, horns, skins, feces, honey. Cooked and processed foods such as ham, sausage, pork, sausage, Chinese sausage, pickled food Even eggs that have not yet hatched Dr. Nattakarn. It is said that for this year, the detection of strong Yeoma pigs From Vietnam, but last year during the COVID-19 pandemic, it was Chinese sausage. The genetic material of the AFS virus was found, reflecting that the processed product may have come from sick and dead animals. There will be a nanny to take care of going out to work, each one will closely supervise to be a buddy and obey orders, not distracted, as each day there will be many tourists who admire and adore you, but will not let you come into close contact with Miss Jirapinya Sangsamran. An officer at the Department of Livestock Affairs, who cares for Orright, said he has been taking care of him for 2 years. Feel loved and bonded. During the factory fire, King Kaew moved the dog to Don Muang. He also brought Orite to his home. Adorable and affectionate. Orite's unstubborn and clever for the 5-legged team that came on this mission was named after its distinctiveness. Some can fake their deaths. Some can stand on 2 legs and even have their own nicknames, such as Dollar Savage Mode Kitty Owright, Fall (Fall in Love), and Baron. Dead-faced buffalo Diamond Girl and Euro Prince Free Zone, each of which has a different age ranging from 3-8 years. In addition to waking up to run outdoors, take a leash, eat food, inject deworming drugs, and most recently, practice exercise on a treadmill. 20-30 minutes a day Read related news "Beagle dog" Intercept the capture of pork Yeo imported from Vietnam.  
"Dry brush" the least painful dental treatment|Thai PBS Online invites you to know "dry brushing" Another method of brushing teeth is to keep "fluoride" in the mouth for as long as possible to coat the tooth surface, prevent tooth decay and repair teeth that have begun to decay. From the 8th National Conference on Dental Health by the Ministry of Public Health in In July 2022, under the concept of "Equity in Oral Health" Statistics show that more than 50 percent of Thai children have tooth decay and more than 60 percent of adults have gingivitis. In addition, Currently, the access rate for dental services among Thai people is also less than 10 percent. In addition to solving basic problems that are continuously promoted. Brushing your teeth at least 2 times a day, brushing your teeth for more than 2 minutes, and reducing the consumption of sweets, sweets and candies, then "dry brushing" or brushing your teeth without water at all is a way to make oral care more effective. It is also the most popular way to brush teeth around the world, as are community dental units in many areas in the provinces. Start a campaign for schoolchildren People in the community are increasingly practicing "dry brushing" to reduce the chance of tooth decay and other oral diseases, namely brushing without water before and after brushing. You must brush your teeth all over your mouth for more than 2 minutes, then "spit out" the toothpaste bubbles in your mouth. Use a cloth or tissue to wipe off any stains on the edges of your mouth. It's not over! Refrain from eating, drinking, spitting. Dentists around the world have long had academic discussions about brushing drying, until they were able to crystallize and use a short message to make it clear that, in line with the principle of dry brushing, the fluoride from toothpaste serves as much enamel as possible for as long as possible. There is a lot of research abroad. The level of fluoride enamel of the volunteers who brushed their teeth was measured and spit several times, spitting 1-2 times, and not spitting at all. The results showed that the level of fluoride on the surface of the teeth of people who did not spit water at all was the highest. This is followed by spitting water once or twice, and almost no fluoride in people who rinse their mouths several times after brushing their teeth, as was the case with a study of two young children's schools in England that required one school to let children brush dry. The other school gave them wet brushes for a total of 3 years. predominant School at Dr. Sudaduang Krisdapong Faculty of Dentistry, Chulalongkorn University Simply put, fluoride is a mineral that is effective in preventing tooth decay by accumulating in the teeth to make enamel crystals stronger. More resistant to acids that cause tooth decay It also inhibits the dissolution of minerals on the tooth surface and stimulates the accumulation of minerals on the tooth surface. In addition, fluoride inhibits bacterial acid production and inhibits bacterial growth.Another reason why fluoride is even more important for preventing tooth decay is the sugar eating habits of Thai people, which is the most important cause of tooth decay and repetitive cavities. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends consuming no more than 25 grams or 6 grams of sugar per day. teaspoon However, Thais consume 104 grams or 26 grams of sugar per day. Therefore, "dry brushing" is most appropriate, important to people who are at risk of tooth decay from eating sugar or sweets. If there is no risk of tooth decay or people who do not like to eat sugar at all. Dry brushing is not necessary. True, fluoride is added to the mouthwash, but the fluoride in the mouthwash is useful when the fluoride from the toothpaste is dissolved with the water used to gargle after wet brushing. If dry brushing is used regularly. Fluoride obtained from toothpaste will even function better than fluoride from mouthwash, so the best mouthwash is to lather toothpaste in the mouth. This method will get the most effective and cost-effective fluoride. Before brushing dry, remove food particles in the mouth by using "dental floss" or "toothpick". Then wipe your mouth dry and start brushing dry, almost everyone who has to rinse their mouth after brushing their teeth because they understand that they do not want toothpaste in their mouth. As a matter of fact, The proportion of toothpaste components is already determined by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the amount that is already ingested without harm to the body. Dental data from around the world "It is not yet possible" to conclude with certainty that brushing your teeth (wet brushing) 3 times a day will have a cleaner effect, healthier teeth and reduce the rate of tooth decay better than brushing your teeth 2 times a day. Gargling with water after brushing teeth As a result, the amount of fluoride attached to the tooth surface is significantly less. Compared to brushing dry, which doesn't use mouthwash at all. Many dentists say that dental treatment for those who come in for treatment is like a solution to the problem at the end of the cause. If the causes such as sugar consumption among Thai people are still high and oral care is not proper and effective enough. Dry brushing Even if it's new, It is not familiar in Thai society, but if there are more campaigns to do it, it will help solve the root cause well. Brushing your teeth is a hygiene practice that can be done at home. It can be done every day and at any age. Reference: Revival Articles "Dry Brush" by Prof. Dr. Sudaduang Krisdapong Department of Community Dentistry Faculty of Dentistry, Chulalongkorn University, Journal of Public Health, Vol. 26, Issue 2, September-October 2017, pp. 348-359. 
"Floating Train" Bangkok - Pasak Dam One Day Trip|One Day Trip to see the "floating train" in the middle of Pasak Chonlasit Dam Shop for local products View the dam ridge, pay homage to Luang Poo Yai Pasak Last weekend was the first week of this year at the Railway. Organize a floating train to welcome the peak season with a special train tour on the route Bangkok – Pasak Chonlasit Dam, Lopburi province on a one day trip or day trip every Saturday – Sunday during November 2022 – January 2023. At 06.00 a.m. and will pick up passengers at Samsen, Bang Sue, Bang Khen, Lak Si, Don Mueang, Rangsit, Ayutthaya, Saraburi, Kaeng Khoi stations respectively. There are families, couples. Are you taking your parents on a trip, or are you alone? The main high line point is the viewpoint "Floating Train" in the middle of Pasak Chonlasit Dam, at which point when the train runs along the edge of the reservoir and looks out the window, it looks as if the train is passing on the surface. At this point, the convoy stops in the middle of the embankment, giving time for tourists to admire the beauty. About 20 minutes, then go to Khok Slung. Most of the small flea markets on the platform are local specialties, such as the famous watermelon rice pantry. Various vegetables grown by the villagers, as well as community products, local products, OTOP for tourists to taste and shop for about 30 minutes while waiting for the tour train to change heads. It also distributes income to local villagers and then the convoy will take tourists to Pasak Chonlasit Dam. At 10.35 a.m., tourists can do various activities at their own pace by using a van service at a service rate of 70 baht per person along the route that will take you to visit the attractions at Ban Kluai & Khai and see the giant fern garden. Feed your calf, sip coffee, buy an organic request, and take photos with the atmosphere at Rai Sapprayoon Giant Fern Garden. Visitors can walk from the station to various spots such as restaurants from local community shops or souvenir shops including the serpent courtyard, or take a worm car ride for about 1 hour at a price of 30 baht per person. At 3.30 p.m., the train will leave Pasak Chonlasit Dam and stop dropping off passengers at various stations and will arrive at Bangkok Station at 6.50 p.m. Mr. Pralongpol Thiwong The passenger concierge on the train said about 850 passengers on Nov. 6, 2022, for a total of 17 bogies, were fully booked until Dec. 1 due to the high number of tourists and people wanting to return to the train. The State Railway of Thailand and related agencies will take the information to determine whether to consider opening the second train or not, tourists said that they have come to visit this train for the fourth time, impressed with the sights, views of the viewpoints as well as the food that the locals bring to sell. This time, the ticket was booked through the railway's website because it was convenient to choose a seat while another tourist This is the first year I have visited. Book your tickets online from November 1st and choose to travel today. The trip was comfortable. On 5-6, 12-13, 19-20, 26-27 November 2022On 3-4, 10-11, 17-18, 24-25 December 2022On 7-8, 14-15, 21-22, 28-29 January 2023The train will not operate during the New Year holiday (Saturday, 31 December 2022 and Sunday, 1 January 2023). 3rd class and 2nd class air-conditioned cars are charged the same fare for adults and children. • Bangkok – Pasak Chonlasit Dam round trip price 330 Baht• Saraburi/Kaeng Khoi - Khok Salung round trip price 130 Baht• Pasak Chonlasit Dam - Bangkok only return trip price 150 BahtAir-conditioned car • Bangkok - Pasak Chonlasit Dam round trip price 560 Baht• Saraburi/Kaeng Khoi - Khok Salung round trip price 260 Baht• Pasak Chonlasit Dam - Bangkok Only return trip price 250 baht Interested persons can contact to purchase tickets in advance through various channels, including: 1. Train stations nationwide 3. Website railway.co.th 2. D-Ticket System 4. Call Center 1690 Related News : Gallery : "Floating Train" Bangkok - Pasak Dam One Day Trip Value
"Thailand Board Game Show 2022" Annual Board Game Fair|"Thailand Board Game Show 2022" is an annual event for board game makers and producers. Designers, reviewers and academia will set up booths, table spreads as a space for everyone to try their hand at board games at the event, and is an opportunity to open the market for emerging designers this weekend. Who doesn't have plans to go anywhere? If you visit the SiamScape building, 9th floor, you may be fascinated, especially board game people with the "Thailand Board Game Show 2022". There will also be booths selling board games made by Thai people at special prices, and a small forum from people in the board game industry to get to know and understand this event better," said Milk-Puttiporn Leelanitkul from TVmunk, who is the organizer of the event. It started with the feeling of rewarding board game designers for their hard work and effort to bring great work to market. In the following year, more activities were added for board game industry personnel to get to know and exchange experiences, and this year marks the third year of the on-site event. Solve puzzles that anyone who comes to this event must play in addition to buying and playing board games. At the event, there was also a discussion group on various issues for all 3 days, including a talk with "Teacher Tom". The owner of Avocado Books talked about making books, and looking back at the paper board game industry, what the future holds for what these things will look like in the digital age, or a panel discussion by the Boardgame Designer Thailand team that brought representatives of Thai board game designers who went to the world's largest board game event in Germany to share their experiences with Milk. - Puttiporn expects that Thailand Board Game Show 2022 will attract at least 500 people a day. As the end-of-year festivities approach, shops offer special discounts, so visitors may decide to buy souvenirs to play with their families in the New Year. They range from toddlers holding hands with their parents. Groups of students with friends to elderly people with grandchildren or carrying bags alone reflect the fun of age-restricted board games. Kesornkomol The 60-year-old recently entered the board game industry after his son persuaded them to play together in their spare time. After trying it out, I fell in love with board games so much that I had to follow the list of new board games and come to buy this event myself. Boonchalermwichian A third-year student who walked around for more than 7 hours because he was interested in board games for a while. Walking around and playing board games at many games is fun and you won't want to go back. In addition to having fun, she also realized that there are many types of board games, especially educational board games, so she prepared Pocket Money to buy board games for her little ones at home. Hopefully to improve skills through the fun of board games for players, board game events are a golden opportunity for shopping at discounted prices. On the designer side, this is an important opportunity to open the market. Promote works such as the SPOKETiFY board game The English word game "Kampung" from MII2 Games also set up a table for attendees to try out handmade board games. English card Category sheet Coins, tokens, and boards are provided for simple and fun rules. Start with 1 word category sheet, 2 of which are written on a black and green background, each half. Players will randomly pick up a card. When you open it, you can see which English letters it is. What color is the card background? Answer the words that start with that letter in the category with the same color background. With a time limit of 45 seconds per session, Kampung told Thai PBS Online that even at today's event, not a single person has ordered his board game. But this is where the opportunity to at least get to know more about his game, despite the losses, never regrets doing what he loves: creating easy-to-play board games. Fun and informative to keep people of all genders Accessible to all ages
Opening "Fai-Pornprapa" from second-hand clothing seller to Thai people won the 1st place cake contest on the world stage|The praise of "Fai - Pornprapa Saenglert" from Thailand to Belgium After winning first place in the Cake Star International Competition with challengers from around the world, her life is not sprinkled with rose petals, and has become a sensation on social media. Back Fai - Pornprapa Sanglert The 28-year-old won the first prize in a cake-making competition. In the Cake Star International Competition in the category of Sculpture Figure or the latest sugar modeling, Fai-Pornprapa gave an interview to Thai PBS Online from Belgium about the journey of making cakes that until today is not sprinkled with rose petals. If you go back 7-8 years ago. She took up the profession of selling second-hand clothes to earn money, but it didn't turn out well, and at that time she became a Single Mom. As a result, they have to try to find a career that makes money and raises children at the same time. At that time, it was like fate that made Fai Pornprapa. Scroll through Facebook to find a post from a member of the cake making group that contains information about the recipe for making a cake. That day was the first time she decided she wanted to sell sweets, but the immediate limitation was that she didn't have the knowledge and funds. Finally, Fai's mother gave her a small oven and a pastry beater as a cost. She immediately started making her first dessert, but the cookies that came out of the oven were charred. When I tried to make bread, it was so hard that I couldn't eat it. The bright future became so gloomy that she couldn't make candy again and left her equipment for months, until one day her sister-in-law came and said that she wanted to eat brownies and that she wanted to make brownies for her grandchild's birthday. Cotton got up and grabbed the flour, prepared the sugar again. Despite making the first round of brownies burn, this time she didn't give up. Try it again and again until it becomes a brownie for the whole family to eat. They then adapted the recipe to fit it into their own recipe before selling it to the general public to earn money. Cotton Start from Workshop This was a class that allowed me to learn about Fondant Sugar and how cake making can be expanded into other works of art. She studied and took classes from the beginning to the most difficult stages, but when she finished the course and returned home to Phuket, she did not use her knowledge and practiced her hands because cakes made from fondent sugar were quite expensive. Fai moved to Belgium with her husband and went on to further honour her cake making skills with her mother-in-law, who loves cake making and has a hobby of collecting cake making equipment. Those devices have become her treasure today. While researching sugar cake making in addition to online courses and books, once they started to catch their spots, they continue to compete in the Cake Star International Competition. It started in 2021 after a long-time Filipino friend won a competition in the Sculpture Figure category. This year, I decided to compete because it is an online competition that does not need to bring the work to the judges for review. And with this rule, more than 400 people submitted their entries from around the world, the work that Fai submitted to the contest was called "A lady from the hell" or "A girl from the hell". Growing up with a vegetable fasting ceremony, every year the family takes them to the shrine. But I was very impressed and believed in one of the goddesses, the sticky jade Lord Lue, who was with Guan Yin, so he came back to research. Further history reveals that she was the daughter of the dragon king, which Jade Lue is the inspiration for this work. And this is why there is a goddess and a dragon together on the piece. Fai told Thai PBS Online that after winning the 1st place in the competition, he was very happy and wanted to thank everyone who liked the results. Every word of pleasure makes me feel tired of what I have always tried and I am glad to present my work on behalf of a Thai person. 
Swing dance, move, shake, waist in the garden, bonding area.|When swing dance is not only for fun, but also a space to build new relationships and open up a variety of learning experiences that are not limited to But there is also an opportunity for people of all ages to get together to move and shake their waist to get rid of each other again with the atmosphere full of laughter and cute step dance Swing in the Park 4Swing in the Park 4 at Railway Park. On the evening of November 13, there was a lot of public interest. Friends, girlfriends, or solo travelers are all filled with laughter. With an atmosphere surrounded by music and nature, Thai PBS Online Talked to Dr. Piyapong Promnon 33-year-old teacher at Demonstration School MSW Prasarnmit, one of those who brought his family to participate in the activity, Mother Zodiac Promnon, 62 years old, spoke about the Swing in the Park 4 activity. It also bridges and strengthens family ties. have more collaborative activities and The elderly exchanged laughter with their children through swing dancing to retro 90's music and took the opportunity to exercise. The atmosphere at the event was heartwarming, it was a lovely activity that we saw. May (25) and Daisy, 27, were teenagers who loved dancing and music from the 90's. It is another beautiful urban atmosphere. The event is a collaboration between the Bangkok Bureau of Culture, Sports and Tourism by Sangkeet Division and The Stumbling Swingout with DJ Donut. Free of charge      
Vote for the top 4 dishes of the future Get APEC 2022|Join the search for the top 4 teams representing Thailand to create the future of food BCG showcases the potential of Thai soft power from 21 dishes under the concept of "Plate to Planet". The last day of voting is today (13 November 2022). The government invites people to vote on the future menu. In the Plate to Planet event, the menu that has been shortlisted for the top 21 teams from more than 2,000 contestants can view the menu and vote at www.futurefoodapec.com To this day only, this activity is part of the APEC Future Food for Sustainability project to find the best food of the future from Thai start-ups to expand business and drive the future food industry of Thailand to the global market. The total prize value is more than 2.5 million bahtTeam 1 Thai Style Noodle with OmegaBalaz Sauce Team 2 Instant noodles from microalgeaTeam 3 Green Curry Probiotic Bowl : Dried Green Rice ProbioticsTeam 4 Thousand plants invade the noodle shopTeam 5 Wolffia Power Energy DessertTeam 6 Carbonara with Plant Based CroquettesTeam 7 Healthy zaru ramen with Plant Based CroquettesTeam 8 Future Layer Dessert - Sugar Reduction Layer Dessert Supplement Dietary Fiber and ProbioticsTeam 9 Vegan Ready to EatTeam 10 Grinch - Kale Passionfruit Team 11 Croquet Panang Plan BaseTeam 12 Cab Cab 8 Sien (Snack Menu)Team 13 Rice, Beans, Chicks, Yum Puk Tai 5 ColorsTeam 14 Pudding For Full Liquid iet Patients Energy Plus+Team 15 Sashimi Collagen from Fish Scale, Hyaruronic Value from White Ear MushroomTeam 16 Re-riceTeam 17 Miang Kham Mormit Brain-friendly curry dripTeam 19 Silver DessertTeam 20 ProTim MagketTeam 21 Plant-Based EGGFastSource : Futurefoodapec.com, Public Relations Department
Today's been waiting! Year "Satoshi" Win the Pokémon World Championship|The day awaits! Fans congratulate "Satoshi" The famous anime protagonist Pokemon won the Pokemon World Championship, becoming the strongest pro game mon trainer. After the first episode aired 25 years ago. Satoshi or Ash Ketchum The famous anime protagonist Pokemon won the Pokemon World Championship, prompting fans around the world to congratulate Satoshi for becoming the strongest Pokémon Trainer in the world after more than 25 years since the first episode aired, the popular anime's official @Pokemon Twitter account tweeted a message with a Gif congratulating "Satoshi" officially, with hundreds of thousands of retweets and hearts amassed. For Pokemon comics Originating from a video game before being developed into a 1,200-episode anime that tells of Satoshi's journey in search of Pokémon to become a Pokémon Master, since 1997, he met Pikachu. Electric kid on his 10th anniversary for the last 25 years. Viewers watched Satoshi's battles and trainings and gave him a chance to succeed as the strongest Pokémon Trainer besides anime. Pokémon has also been successful and well-known for its traditional Japanese game boys, including collecting card games, and has made more than 20 movies and produced many merchandise to play and collect, and Pokémon GO, an online mobile game that has been played around the world, and most recently, a new Pokémon game, Scarlet and Violet, has been released on Nintendo Switch.Source: BBC
APEC holidays Bangkok people visit Phu Kradung to feel the cold wind|Bangkok people stop APEC travel to Phu Kradung Feel the cold wind and see the sea of clouds Resume work after the meeting ends today (16 November 2022) Mr. Adisorn Hemtanon Head of Phu Kradung National Park According to the inquiry, most of them came from Bangkok because it was a long weekend and the Cabinet approved November 16-18 as a special public holiday only in Bangkok, Nonthaburi and Samut Prakan due to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting. Mr. Adisorn said that the winter season is now in full swing. Fog in the morning. The weather is cool and the mountain tops are filled with sea of clouds and wildflowers holding bouquets to welcome tourists. Tourism on Phu Kradung the park continues the new normal trekking style, which can still accommodate 600 walk-in tourists per day. Sarapol Tourists from Bangkok said it was a good opportunity for the government to make it a long holiday, so they invited friends to visit Phu Kradung, where they will stay for 3 days and return to Bangkok after the APEC meeting. He revealed that if it is cold, you should not bake the fire in the tent as it may cause choking on smoke. Tents burn, asphyxiation and death due to smoke containing various toxins such as Carbon Monoxide, Carbon Dioxide, etc. If inhaled for a long time, it can cause negative effects on the body, read related news, the first day long break APEC "Don Mueang Airport" People gradually travel to Thailand to host "APEC 2022" countries - What benefits does the NCPO get? APEC 2022 Meeting Senior Officials Briefing Important Matters to Forward to the Leaders' Forum
Thai children win world championship International Robotics Olympiad in Germany|Cool Thai Kids Build your reputation, win the world championship. WORLD ROBOT OLYMPIAD IN GERMANY, WHILE THE PRIME MINISTER CONGRATULATED TODAY (21 NOVEMBER 2022). THAI STUDENTS WHO COMPETED IN THE INTERNATIONAL WORLD ROBOT OLYMPIAD IN DORTMUND, GERMANY DURING 17 - 19 NOVEMBER 2022 ARRIVED AT SUVARNABHUMI AIRPORT. This morning, after winning 2 awards from this program, Director of the Office of Engineering and Media Production. National Science Museum, Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation He revealed that the competition did not exceed expectations due to the determination of the children. One of the world's award-winning students said that it took more than a year to prepare for the competition before being eligible to participate. Come up for the international robotics Olympiad. A total of 365 teams participated in the competition from 73 countries, with Thailand sending 3 categories of competitions: 1. Robosports Automation Robot Type 2. Future Engineers Automation Robot Type 3. ROBOMISSION Automation Robot Category 8 - 12 years old, 11 - 15 years old and 14 - 19 years old. Team Members 1. Mr. Paponrat Fujai 2. Mr. Khemint Pinitkiatsakul Team Controller Mr. Attapol Chuenkul Won the first prize in the category of ROBOMISSION Senior and PANYA ROBOT team from the Institute of Robotic Intelligence. Bangkok Team Members 1. Mr. Chotipisut Mongkolvisut 2. Mr. Pisit Mongkolvisut 3. Mr. Worakon Rerksomthawin Team Controller, Mr. Panya Sonthitham, won the 2nd Runner-up Award in the ROBOSPORTS category today (21 November 2022). Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence Expressing appreciation and congratulations on the success of ThaiHerbGood team, Assumption College Lampang and PANYA ROBOT team from Panya Robot Institute. BANGKOK, REPRESENTING THAILAND, WON THE PRIZE AT THE WORLD ROBOT OLYMPIAD, WITH THE PRIME MINISTER CONGRATULATING THE YOUTH WHO WON THE PRIZE FROM THE INTERNATIONAL ROBOTICS OLYMPIC. We also appreciate the talent of all Thai youth participating in this competition. Demonstrates the determination, potential, and abilities of Thai youth in science and technology, which are important fields for national development. In addition to everyone having a good experience. It is a prestigious and valuable award for the youth with the hope that it will motivate and encourage all the youth to be the intellectual base for the development of the country in the future. This is one of the main policies that the government has continuously promoted. To develop youth to have opportunities to learn, develop skills and competencies, as well as innovative creativity to create sustainable future works in science and technology. This will benefit the development of society and the country in the future. On behalf of the government, we would like to thank the relevant agencies for supporting the competition, which has led to success and reputation for Thailand in the international arena.
"Lawyer Prait", a motorcycle boy with the path of a lawyer|Open your mind, "Lawyer Prait." It took him 9 years to graduate and become a lawyer with patience and perseverance until today from a case that is famous on social media with good stories. TikTok users @tanakonnontakaw have uploaded a clip expressing their pride. After starting with a career as a motorcycle taxi driver. I intend to graduate until I graduate to become a lawyer as intended. In the clip, there is a caption stating that my mother told me to study higher. I have done my best, Mom. Which caused netizens to join in the congratulations a lot. Read the news: Appreciation! "Lawyer Prait" from Win Motorcycle I graduated to become a lawyer recently. Today (18 Nov 2022) Mr. Thanakorn Nonthakaew or Pratt, 32 years old, a resident of Ronphiboon District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Clip owner He told Thai PBS Online that he had dreamed since childhood of becoming a lawyer because his aunt had a career as a lawyer and has been fond of it ever since he graduated from high school. He started studying at Ramkhamhaeng University in 2009 because he saw that tuition fees were expensive, and because of his dream of becoming a lawyer, he chose to study law school. The reason why I chose to study at Ramkhamhaeng University was because I thought that tuition fees were expensive. And there is time to find a side job to earn money while studying to send yourself to study and lighten the burden of the house by spending time after work reading books. He had to enlist in the military for 2 years, causing him to suspend his education. After completing the mission, I resumed my studies and continued my studies. Finally, he was able to graduate in 2018 with a total of 9 years and while waiting for the licensing exam, he worked as a security guard. Along with reading and tutoring to take the lawyer's ticket exam with determination and determination. It took me two exams to pass the ticket exam and I got my license as a lawyer in 2021. Mr. Thanakorn said that because my aunt has a career as a lawyer, she has the inspiration to help society. I want my family to be proud and in the future to work hard in the legal profession. At present, Mr. Thanakorn is studying for the Bar Association, Mr. Thanakorn concluded encouraging those who are discouraged from studying that they do not have to do a lot but do it often and regularly, and no matter what profession they do, every profession is important. Attorney Pratt also helps his friends in difficult times to get legal advice.
Know 21 fossil sites of Thailand|What do traces of the past tell? Thai PBS Online invites you to know 21 registered fossil sites Found evidence of bones - paw marks - traces of primitive animals for millions of years, including dinosaurs. Ancient fish, petrified wood. Some sites have discovered new species of the Bruda whale world. The 3,380-year-old "Ampang" is the latest fossil and the first whale carcass to be registered under the Fossil Protection Act B.E. 2551 (2008) with the completion of the discovery of 141 bones, or 80-90% of the whole body. Excite the geological industry, evidenced by millions of years of past. It indicates the evolution of the planet. Information from the Department of Mineral Resources According to him, Thailand currently has 21 fossil sites registered in 2011-2022, which is important for studying the history of the world. Paleontology, paleontology, and rock hierarchy Read related newsKnow 3,380-year-old "Ampang whale", the first whale fossil solves age mystery "Ampang Whale" Indicates 3,380 years ago, "Ban Phaew" was the sea, digging the past. "Shell-rock" to the profession of a geologist Open the bag of geologist field survey equipment. 
"Catfish Hunting Festival" debuts with the largest 173 kg.|Kaeng Krachan Dam Freshwater Fisheries Prevention and Suppression Unit Opening of Kaeng Krachan Dam Catfish Hunting Festival The period is 2 months, no more than 50 animals are caught, 14 have been caught in 2 days, this year the price has increased from last year, the maximum is 300 baht per kilogram, the largest caught 173 kilograms today (22 November 2022). Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, Advisor to the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, visited Kaeng Krachan Dam, Kaeng Krachan District, Phetchaburi Province to see the hunting of catfish hunters. During the Kaeng Krachan Dam Catfish Hunting Festival, which the Kaeng Krachan Dam Freshwater Fisheries Prevention and Suppression Unit Kaeng Krachan Dam Catfish Hunting Festival will be held from November 20, 2022 to January 20, 2023 for a total period of 2 months with only 50 catfish allowed to be caught. however If 50 animals are caught before January 20, 2023, it will be considered as the end of the Kaeng Krachan Dam catfish hunting festival immediately. There are 34 catfish hunters, the biggest catfish hunting this year. Weight 173 kg, smallest weight 50 kg. If it is a dead fish, buy 110 baht per kilogram. However, those who catch 1 catfish must release 500 catfish cubs back to Kaeng Krachan Dam and do not hunt catfish during the festival period. In 2021, 50 catfish were caught with a maximum weight of 182 kilograms. This year, the hunt is only 2 days, and the catfish can be caught weighing 173 kilograms. Read more news Bomb exploded near police flat, Narathiwat police station Police injured several officers "Sutin" pointed out 2 years separately walking in politics fluctuating the autopsy results of the woman in the chicken freezer. No sign of injury. Cause of death unknown.
Digging up the past "Shell-rock" to the profession of a geoscientist|Talk to "Pannipa Saetian", a female geologist of the Department of Mineral Resources. Fossis fascination Shellfish and corals in rock layers until stepping into important work excavation and conservation of "Ampang whale". Fossil of Thailand's first Bruda whale I don't like big bones like dinosaurs. I like corals. Small shellfish in rocks. It's cute. Sae Tien. Specialist Geologist, Paleontology Protection Division Department of Mineral Resources He told Thai PBS Online with a keen gesture as he playfully pointed his magnifying glass at a few large rocks, while the other was seen as rounded pebbles. That means the rock has decayed and has been carried away by the tide. As a result, the pebbles were polished until rounded and formed to form stone again. He said that he was inspired to enter the field of geologists because he wanted to travel to other provinces, so he diverted to study at the Faculty of Technology, Department of Geotechnology, Khon Kaen University and chose the field of paleontologist. There are many different processes, and I feel very excited and fun. He said that if he studied geography, he would go to another province, he was excited to stay at home, but if he studied geography, he would go out to the area with his buddy in his room, 3 people would go to the forest to study the rock layers and find out where the barite mine was. I remember walking into the forest, Loei province for the first time 3 nights, had to detour him to find the problem of barite stones, as the teacher told her. Must be brought to the stone cutting lab. Make thin slabs, not small stones. If you take a small stone, the teacher complains, but you have to collect a sample of the stone about 10x10x15 centimeters and cut a thin slab. No falling pieces to the ground, sketching and taking pictures. When you get a thin stone slab, you can see under a microscope whether it is igneous rock, sedimentary rock or metamorphic rock and interpret it from 1 thin stone slab. If there is igneous rock in the area and contact with sedimentary rock in the area, the area of contact will be transformed into metamorphic rock, such as metamorphic rock from limestone, called marble, she said. This one's beautiful. This one's cute. When looking through the camera because I want to study, especially small fossils such as corals, when I cut the sheets into thin stones and look under a microscope to find the answer, when cutting must cut 1 sheet crosswise and 1 sheet lengthwise to find out what her name is. There are now 21 registered fossil sites and more than 400 registered fossil specimens that have been studied in Jurassic age double clams in Mae Hong Son province. Ammonoids and corals at Muak Lek, Saraburi and Lopburi Despite the lack of newly discovered work, the latest impression for myself was the work on the fossil whale of the Bruda whale. Because it took 1 month to excavate until 80% of the fossils were found, once excavated, a splint would be required because the first day the whale bones were found to be very brittle. Start by covering the foil first, and then splint with a soft splint (where we broke our limbs), then dig more. When digging about half more, make a grid to map the placement of the bones and put them on a sketch map. Slowly dig until you find more "very complete". When the skull was flipped, another arm fin was found underneath, which was a fragment of the entire whale bone. Healed and broken only at the tip of the tail, the first stage is used with a soft splint. Upon reaching the very large cranial part. The length is about 3 meters. More than a meter wide, requires hemp sacks moistened with pasteur. At the same time, some of the samples were transported to Pathum Thani and returned to the last piece of the skull. I was so excited when I used Baek Ho to lift it up. Read more news The 3,380-year-old "Ampang Whale" was the first whale fossil to be measured and found to be 6.5 meters below mean sea level. Bring up the sediment and make a note of what color the sediment has. It is known that the soil layer below is Bangkok soil sediment, an ancient marine sediment, which this site is 15 kilometers from the current seashore about 8,000 years ago. Sea water used to flood to Sing Buri, Ang Thong and 7,000-6,000 years ago. The sea water gradually receded, leaving ancient marine sediments deposited. There is evidence, such as the giant oyster fossil at Wat Chedi Hoi. Then the sea water receded down until now, sending whale bone fragments to a lab in the United States to find carbon in the bones. It is found to be 3,380 years old, which can be explained as about 4,000-3,000 years ago. The high flood water to Ban Phaeo district is another evidence that the Bruda whale It has been inhabited in the Gulf of Thailand since the past until now, with specimens of Ampang whales being geologically young and very fragile. Therefore, it is quite difficult and risky to damage the sample. Therefore, for the conservation and prevention of damage to ampang whale specimens. Therefore, the Department of Mineral Resources has adopted digital technology to collect ampang whale specimens in 3D format. It is funded by the Current Fossil Management Fund. The simulation was completed in 3 sizes: life-size (1:1), miniature (1:6) and miniature (1:10) for the benefit of research studies and knowledge dissemination exhibitions for youth and interested people to study information and realize global climate change. Read related news for the first time in Thailand! 3,380-year-old fossil registration of "Bruda whale" solves the age mystery of "ampang whale" Indicates 3,380 years ago, "Ban Phaew" was the sea. 
Open the bag of geologist field survey equipment.|For geologists, it is like a pioneer to discover the past from fossils buried in rock layers, including dinosaur bones, shellfish remains, paw marks. Nautiloid wrecks, who have been searching for minerals, do anyone know what they carry when they're in the field? Thai PBS Online has the answer. Open the bag of geologist field survey equipment, a geologist's companion weapon that can't be had. Because the study of outcrop rocks requires studying the fresh rock texture and collecting rock samples back to study thoroughly in the laboratory, geologists will use a flat side of the earth hammer, digging, pecking, prying, drilling rock, and using the blunt side to break the rock into pieces. Unlike the general compass, it can measure the orientation of rock layers and can measure its height and identify various locations on the map. The magnifying glass enlarges small objects. This makes it easy to classify mineral rock species and characteristics, using it to record what was seen throughout the trip so as not to forget important details, including date, location of exploration. Stone Name Stone characteristics The orientation and drawing of rock pokes, maps that geologists always carry with them, include topographic maps showing low elevation layers in the area. A geologic map detailing the distribution of rock units in the area, along with a cross-section showing the structure of the rock formation, as well as the age sequence of rock layers, all help geologists plan well before surveying to write down the date. Surveyed locations The name of the sample stone uses the teeth of branches. Small trees are used for drinking water, storing food. Stone samples and other necessities are used to record places and things found in the field. The photographs are a reference to what was found and easy to remember. Source: https://www.geothai.net/geologic-tools/ Read related news digging up the past "Shell-rock" to the profession of a geoscientist known 3,380-year-old "Ampang whale" fossil first whale solves the mystery of the age of "ampang whale" Indicates 3,380 years ago, "Ban Phaew" was the sea. 
Japan wins first World Cup, boosts 'Blue Lock' anime boom|Japan's shock 2-1 win over Germany to win their first match at the 2022 World Cup has pushed the social media buzz of the "Blue Lock" anime with a cartoon of training 300 young strikers to train 300 young strikers to lead Japanese football to the World Cup title. Last night's match between four-time world champions Germany and Japan was played by four-time champions Germany before the Asian nation beat Germany for the first time in its history by a score of 2-1. The result was accompanied by a wave of congratulations to the Japanese national team and pictures from the Japanese anime Pages. The movie posted a photo with the caption "Japan beat Germany 2-1" that was shared by the popular Drama-addict page. Not unlike many cartoon fans, this image is also used. Some may wonder where this image came from. Thai PBS Online invites you to know "Blue Lock" The manga is a manga that tells the story of a camp for young Japanese footballers to create an unparalleled striker and revolutionize Japanese football to become champions. Many people may be familiar with Japanese sports cartoons. Especially the legendary football cartoon Captain Tsubasa. But "Blue Lock" is different in that it offers examples of successful strikers in the real world, such as Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, Neymar, whose style of play has evolved to create a single hero, while reflecting the Japanese football team as having world-class midfielders and defenders. But there are no outstanding striker heroes telling them to abandon teamwork and let the lagging Japanese football die. With 300 striker footballers betting on their struggles in camps to representing Japan, provided that if eliminated, they will not be named in the national team for life, this intense story has undoubtedly attracted anime fans around the world to follow. But the surge during this World Cup would not be a coincidence. In addition to the theme related to the World Cup. In "Blue Lock" There is also an example of the World Cup final match between Japan and Germany from the first episode of the anime, which coincides with the actual situation in last night's match. It is another soft power that Japan has always pushed through manga and anime. Writer and cartoonist "Blue Lock" The campaign was launched in collaboration with a global shirt brand. He painted a Japanese shirt worn on the body of "Isagi Yoichi", the hero and his teammate Z, to promote and invite the Japanese to cheer for the national team in this battle. Yusuke Nomura, who drew the Blue Lock manga, also celebrated Japan's first victory at the World Cup. W杯初戦勝利!!おめでとうございます、日本!!! pic.twitter.com/KlMLILYd9h despite the humorous remarks like "Even if the starting line-up (hero team) hasn't played yet, they've won", "Japan probably already has Blue Lock" or "Other national teams may have to study Japan's strategy from Blue Lock", but there's no denying that the spotlight on this World Cup stadium has already hit this Asian team. After this, it may have to be watched that after the first game. Will Japan continue to maintain their good form until the 2022 World Cup? World Cup 2022 World Cup 2-1 win over Germany Cleaning up after the World Cup
A new color painting "Red Palm Cave" has been found, 1,500–3,000 years old.|Office of Fine Arts 9, Department of Fine Arts Discover new color paintings "Red Palm Cave" 1,500-3,000 years old, 14 paintings at Sirindhorn Ubon Ratchathani is similar to the picture of the hand at Pha Taem. Khong Chiam Today (29 November 2022), the Facebook page of the 9th Fine Arts Center, Ubon Ratchathani, Ministry of Culture revealed the good news of the discovery of 14 new sources of color paintings. Locals call it "Red Palm Cave" located around Ban Huai Heo. Moo 10 T.Khamdamkaew Sirindhorn Ubon Ratchathani province, about 100-200 meters from the Thai-Laos border. The area where the painting was found looks like a large sandstone. The size of the stone shed is 10.30 meters long and 2.41 meters high. Group 1: The outer stone shed wall Six colour paintings were found, including animals and hands, painted in betel nut red. A variety of color writing techniques are used, such as opaque drainage, outlined writing. Drawing a frame and painting on the palm of the hand and placing it on the 2nd group stone slab on the wall of the inner stone shed on the west side. Four colour paintings were found, depicting animals, hands, and some of them could not be classified as what they were. It is written in red betel nut. Apply a solid drain technique and paint on the palm of your hand and apply it on the stone slab. Group 3 Inside Stone Wall East Found 4 paintings depicting animals, some of which cannot be classified. Use opaque drain technique Color paintings can be classified into many forms, such as virtual reality imitating nature, abstract images, ideology, and symbolism. Paintings imitating nature, such as animals, and symbolic images such as hands, from the nature of color paintings, may initially determine the comparative age of prehistory, around 1,500–3,000 years ago. The location where the hand image is found is stamped close to the image of an animal, which is similar to the image of the hand found at the cliff. Khong Chiam It will be stamped with images of small and large animals, which may signify the ritual of hunting or catching animals in the past. 
WOW Festival 2022 |WOW Festival 2022 will be held from 23 - 27 November 2022 at Benjakiti Park. well-being. There must be a quality public space to be able to exhibit knowledge and open to the public. On 23 Nov 2022 Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan SPEAKING ON THE OCCASION OF PRESIDING OVER THE OPENING CEREMONY OF WOW OF WELL-BEING CITY 2022 AT WOW FORUM HALL IN BENJAKITI PARK, KLONGTOEY DISTRICT, THE GOVERNOR OF BANGKOK SAID THAT THE USE OF BENJAKITI PARK FOR VARIOUS EVENTS IS IMPORTANT FOR THE CITY. Thanks to the government for creating this garden and handing it over to Bangkok to take care of it, from an area that produces tobacco that is harmful to people's health, it has become a healthy area for the city. WOW Festival 2022 will be held from 23 - 27 November 2022 from 10.00 - 22.00 hrs at Benjakiti Park, Khlong Toei District. The highlight zones within the event are divided into 4 categories: Thematic Pavilion, Festival in the Park, Market Place, activities outside Benjakiti Park through 5 main presentations, namely lectures, talks, co-creation and exhibitions, awards for urban development groups, garden festivals, recreation activities such as architecture and lifestyle tours, photo contests, runs, etc. Interested parties can visit Benjakiti Park or follow the details on Facebook www.facebook.com/ASAWOW        
UNESCO Registers "Baguettes" as World Intangible Cultural Heritage Site|UNESCO Registers Bread Making Procedures France's "baguette" is an intangible cultural heritage. Its uniqueness dates back to the mid-19th century. Today (1 Dec 2022) The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) Intergovernmental Panel on the Preservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage met during a meeting this week in Rabat, UNESCO website reported. The capital of Morocco Registered as the "French baguettes and culture of bread" as an intangible cultural heritage, the data states that the baguettes are the most popular bread in France and are made from only four ingredients: flour, water, salt, as well as liqueurs and yeast. They are baked throughout the day in small batches, and the products vary in temperature and humidity. There are also consumption and social practices associated with baguettes that are different from other types of bread, such as going to the bakery every day to buy bread and dedicated display shelves to suit the long shape of the bread. Emmanuel Macron The French president also delivered a speech during a reception for the French community in the United States at the French Embassy in Washington, D.C., on Nov. 30. After hearing the news of the World Heritage listing. Information from Western Language Club Ramkhamhaeng University It is labeled "Baguette" meaning "stick" according to its appearance. Its uniqueness lies in the crispness of the shell. Baguettes are wrong with regular bread in that they are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, making it easy to have surgery or slice into parts, and the bread is not deformed. As a result, most people call baguette "French bread", but the origin of baguette is actually not authentic French. If it originated from the city "Vienna". Austria Around the mid-19th century, the traditional French bread "boule" was a large round bread. French people have been eating it for so long that it is history and the origin of the French word bakery pronounced "Boulangerie". This is because of the shape that is not lumpy, so the texture is not overcooked, and the crispiness of the skin fits the elasticity of the pastry. As bread language is called, the difference between "crust" and "fluffy" is tastier or more palatable. France There used to be a strange law that prohibited people from working before 4 a.m., making it impossible to bake bull bread in time for opening because it took longer than baguettes, so the shape of the bread was redesigned to be able to be made and baked quickly. And this new shape is suitable for slicing sandwiches even faster, with the history of French bread eating transformed to the popularity of long barquets from Austria and has since become the national bread.
Cool CU Demonstration Wins SIIF 2022 Grand Prize in South Korea|Young CU Demonstration Students Wins Grand Prize at "Seoul International Invention Fair 2022" in South Korea On November 29, 2022, Chulalongkorn University's Corporate Communication Center published news that Chulalongkorn Primary School demonstration students won the Grand Prize, the biggest prize of the international invention and innovation competition. At the "Seoul International Invention Fair 2022" (SIIF 2022) organized by Korea Invention Promotion Association (KIPA) on November 16-19, 2022 at the Coex Convention & Exhibition Center, Seoul, Republic of Korea. Grand Prize from this international contest, innovative cushion cushion. "Back Ready" was invented and developed by Dr. Picchakorn Orapimpan, Dr. Patthira Orapimphan and Dr. Pattawan Phibuntham 6th grade students Chulalongkorn Demonstration School, Primary Division, with more than 1 year working together. The idea came from sitting online for a long time and having back pain, so I wanted to create a cushion to help me sit properly. Helps prevent pain after sitting in the wrong position or studying and working for a long time. Chulalongkorn Demonstration School teacher and senior student of the Faculty of Architecture, Chulalongkorn University, provide advice and advisory"How the booster cushions work There is a control box attached to the seat and there are 6 sensors on the seat, 2 on the seat and 4 on the back to detect our sitting. If you sit unbalanced for a long time, the machine will alert us. Collect daily sitting data Set a sitting time, tell the weight of each seat, and use it with the Oh My Back! There are competitions for games, collecting points and redeeming prizes." Three talented students from Chulalongkorn Demonstration School spoke about the functionality of this innovation, said Jirasak Jitrojanarak, president of the Innovation Center of Chula Demonstration School, Primary Division and advisor, revealing that the school has submitted students' innovation works to participate in overseas contests every year. This year, the school submitted students' entries to SIIF 2022 and was selected by the National Research Agency (NRCT) as one of the 71 entries representing Thailand to the contest in Korea. Discuss ways to encourage students to develop. Innovations start with students looking at problems from their surroundings and devising ways to solve them. As for creativity, there is no age restriction. It's important to trust that we can do it. Before going to the competition, he helped the students rehearse their presentations, which the three students presented well, which impressed the judges very much.Source: Corporate Communication Center, Chulalongkorn University 
The young graduate wore a ruffle for her brother. Before bowing down, thank you for sacrificing everything for you.|Tears! A young graduate wears a frilly dress for her brother. Before bowing to your feet as a thank you for sacrificing everything for you today (2 December 2022) The user of the TikTok@chnitakotchasit account wrote: "Thank you for this man who sacrificed everything for his sister#บัณฑิตป้ายแดง #รับปริญญา #จบแล้ว #จบ61รับ65 #ความหวังของหมู่บ้านโดยในคลิปวิดีโอ is a picture of a young graduate on graduation day after graduating from public administration. Nakhon Si Thammarat Rajabhat University I'm wearing a frilly for my brother. Before bowing down to his feet, his brother put his hand on his sister's head. When this clip was posted, netizens have already surpassed 6 million views, praising the brothers' love. Some people say they want to have a brother like this. Some people looked at the tears and congratulated the graduates in large numbers. 
Secret Viewpoint "Laem Krating", Phuket|"Laem Krating", a small adventure attraction to see the great view of Phuket. It is popular with both Thai and foreign tourists and is talked about in the Laem Krathing social media world. Located at Karon, Muang Phuket, Phuket is a small adventure attraction for great views. The path to Laem Krathing will require a walk, through grasslands and rocks to experience nature, which can be reached all year round as the meadows change color with the seasons. Many tourists say in the same voice that they must come again and will definitely recommend to their friends while traveling can use 2 routes, namely walking from Nai Harn Beach, traversing through the resort, or traveling by using the shuttle bus service of local villagers from the viewpoint of 3 bays, Karon Municipality to drop off and continue on foot. Prepare flashlight and drinking water to follow #ไทยพีบีเอสสัญจรอันดามัน Krabi-Phuket on 10-11 Dec 2022 Via #ThaiPBS Channel 3 and Online #ThaiPBSnews #ThaiPBSศูนย์ข่าวภาคใต้            
Open your heart "sister" to wear a ruffle Prostrate at your brother's feet. Thank you for your graduation work.|Open your heart to "Sister", a graduate with a red banner, wearing a gown for a good brother. Before bowing down, thank you for your sacrifice and quit school to work to send you to graduate school. From now on, I will take care of my mother and brother. As my brother revealed, I don't feel sorry for my future and I'm very proud of this kid today (December 3, 2022). Miss Chanishta Kochasit or sister, 27 years old, graduate of Red Banner The owner of the viral clip that brought tears to the eyes of netizens with a clip of him wearing his own gown for his brother. Ready to bow down at your feet. Thank you to this man for sacrificing everything for his sister. On the day of receiving the royal diploma on November 1 last at Suratthani Rajabhat University, read the news: The young graduate wore a ruffle for her brother. Before bowing down, thank you for sacrificing everything for your sister. Revealed to Thai PBS Online that he is a resident of T.Tham Pannara Amphur Tham Pannara, Nakhon Si Thammarat Graduated in Public Administration, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences. Nakhon Si Thammarat Rajabhat University Graduated in 2018, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, he received a royal diploma this year, during which he took out a loan. K.A.S. To ease the burden on the family with the sister, she said that she lives with her mother and brother, Mr. Natthapong Chanapol or Brother Chen, 30 years old, the person who appears in the clip, who is very close. Talk about anything. If I have a problem, I always consult my brother. Because my mother always taught me to love each other very much because there were only two brothers and sisters. He said that more than 10 years ago, he was in the 3rd grade of secondary school and his brother was in high school. 2nd year My mother worked as a rubber cutter because of the economic situation at that time, rubber was cheap, living was quite difficult. Not enough income to cover household expenses. Therefore, I cannot send both children to school at the same time. My brother decided to submit his resignation from college and not continue his studies, saying that at that time, as a child, he still did not understand his brother's decision. She told me why she decided not to continue her studies because of the high cost and wanted to help her save money to send her to school. The wage is about 200-300 baht a day, and the sister herself will help her mother cut tires. Keep the tires and money your brother earned, share it with your mother, and set aside it for tuition expenses. On the day of the graduation ceremony. I didn't travel because it was not convenient to travel. Only my brother went to congratulate me and I didn't expect it when I posted the clip on social media. There will be a lot of people watching and pressing share forward. I'm usually a social player. As for the other clips, there aren't many people watching them. I'm so glad that someone came to see it, appreciated and congratulated me. Many people encouraged him to take good care of his brother, which he said he had read every comment and thanked him for all the encouragement he received. She worked at a private company in Surat Thani province and helped ease the burden of household expenses, she said she wanted to say that she loved her mother and brother very much, even though she was a little stubborn when she was young, and thanked her mother and brother for taking care of her. It never makes me feel like I lack anything in this life. From now on, he will take care of his mother and brother and want his mother and brother to take care of his health very much, while Mr. Natthapong or Brother Chen said that at that time it was very difficult at home to decide to drop out of school to want to work and pity him for the opportunity to study. I had the opportunity to do a good job, and I didn't regret that decision.
Explore Wednesday's vision, superpower, or Lucid Dream's theory. |Wednesday's vision, superpower, or Lucid Dream theory in Addams Family, Netflix's long-running series, overtakes every curve with the dark daughter of the Addams house. Returning for Netflix's new spin-off fantasy thriller series, the film features a compelling storyline by director Tim Burton, a director known for his unique twist on comedy. Beneath the bizarre atmosphere or dark tones, Jenna Ortega is the new horror movie favorite that has captured the hearts of the world. The Netflix version tells a story centered around Wednesday as a teenager, a transitional age, and of course, the eccentric Addams family has an interesting way of coping with the transition of a strange child. By sending her to Nevermore Academy boarding school for the unfaithful, home to a collection of eccentric children, she encounters a series of assassinations from mysterious figures. An ancient secret society mystery that lurks in school. A demon in the jungle who slays people. The original anger and hatred between ordinary townspeople and outcasts with special powers at school becomes a major issue that unknowingly forces Wednesday to act as a hero mixed with detectives. She often sees visions of the past and the future. Thai PBS Online invites you to explore dreams or visions that happen to Wednesday in another form, Lucid Dream in psychiatrists, where films around the world have adopted this theory as well as inspired many creative and artistic fields, especially films such as Inception (2010) that fully utilize the Lucid Dream theory. With the dazzling imaginary creation and the deep complexity of dreams and the subconscious of man, Lucid dreams What is Lucid Dream? People's dreams are often seen as supernatural, some as visions, inspired by fairies or ghosts. Until the arrival of science that analyzed everything based on principle and reason. Dreams are another thing that is also analyzed. Especially in psychiatrists, the analysis of visions or dreams and reality according to psychiatrists is called Lucid Dream. They can also sometimes control their own dreams. Control in the form of environmental change. Lucid Dream was first coined by the Dutch psychiatrist Frederik van Eeden, which Lucid means bright. He was the first person to study dreams in this way. After that, psychologists and other sciences began to pay more attention to this subject. Lucid Dream was deeply analyzed and initiated by American psychologist Stephen Walker. Stephen LaBerge, who studied Lucid Dream deeply for a long time, eventually founded The Lucidity Institute to research and develop techniques to help treat mental illness through dreams, also known as 'Lucid Dream Therapy'. Lucid Dream 1. Sleep deeply And for a long deep sleep, the most important thing is that you need to get enough rest so that your body can go into deep sleep often (you will dream often). The fact that you have a longer period of deep sleep increases your chances of having lucid dreams. 2. Try to write down dreams like the ones mentioned above. Lucid dreams often happen to people who can remember their dreams, so you may try to "remember" them first. Recording is forcing you to remember. The brain begins to realize the importance of dreaming and become accustomed to it.3. A reality checker like in the movie Inception (2010) if you have any signs to check if you're dreaming or living in the real world and doing it often, like squeezing your nose with your hand and breathing. If you can do it in a dream, or there are other signs you use on yourself, it's likely that you'll be aware more often.4. Remember the nature of dreamsMany people practice to remember dreams will begin to notice something that is often different from reality, such as reflections in the mirror that do not turn around, strange clock movements, sometimes we will have objects or signs that will appear in the dream repeatedly. If they catch those signals, they are more likely to be aware.5. Wake back to bed (WBTB) by setting the clock to wake yourself up after 5 hours of sleep. Mnemonic induction of lucid dreams (MILD) is to tell yourself before bed what you are dreaming and you will have Lucid Dream. Research on conscious dreams has been used to help treat patients with subconscious stress and anxiety. In addition, many artists and writers have achieved great success by taking inspiration from this dream and creating a work. Such as surrealist artists. The writer was also inspired to create his masterpiece from this dream. Source: https://www.wurkon.com/blog/45-lucid-dream?fbclid=IwAR3PVx18W2q-sJZz0qYA_X5_HVWRfLS9ER4jo9QUGS4XXoInybqi4bIBjzQ A Field Guide to Lucid dreaminghttps://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/323077 
Pantone raises "Viva Magenta" as the color of the year 2023|PANTONE announces Viva Magenta (18-1750) as the color of the year 2023, reflecting vibrancy, strength, courage and fearlessness. The U.S.-based printing industry firm and known as the creator of color calibration standards has announced its 2023 color, choosing Viva Magenta (18-1750) as its color of the year. It sends a new signal of strength, courage and fearlessness. On the other hand, it also promotes fun or conveys celebration. Another optimism with this year's Color of the Year is both powerful and empowering filled with pure joy. Encourage experimentation and expression without restraint. Spectacular and boundless shades that stand out Encouraging everyone to be enthusiastic, the Pantone executive director stated that the PANTONE 18-1750 Viva Magenta has primitive roots, re-linked to primitive matter. Invoke the forces of nature, stimulate the soul, and help build inner strength.
23 ROASTER "COFFEE SHOP" BREAKS THROUGH CRISIS - "COVID" TURNS CRISIS INTO OPPORTUNITY|After the COVID-19 pandemic crisis In the past 2 years, the southern provinces, especially the Andaman coast, where in addition to agriculture, tourism has been the main source of income for the country, opening up the country to foreign tourists. On June 1, 2022, it is hoped that the "Andaman recovery" will return, especially in Krabi and Phuket, "Thai PBS Online" went to Krabi to see the business recovery there. Before the "Thai PBS Roaming Andaman" event on December 10-11, which is a roaming activity to see the political, economic, and social trajectory of both provinces, we went to see the coffee shop business that was established just 4 months before the COVID-19 pandemic. There are no foreign tourists coming in. Only a handful of foreigners are left behind in closed tourist areas. Closed National Parks Thai people do not travel because of the nationwide lockdown." The owner of Coffee Roastery 23, Muang District, Krabi Province, tells us about how she started before starting a coffee shop and how she fought through the crisis that day until today, Ae recounts back to when she graduated from the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and came back to help Baan Thai PBA Teach Line. : What inspired you to open a coffee shop? Eh: When I opened a hostel 5 years ago, it was only open to tourists during the high season. Then I thought about doing other business because we like hospitality. We will have foreign friends very much. So I thought to my girlfriend that if we are going to do another career, then we have to invest. What do we have to do? So I framed it as something that we like. Secondly, I had the opportunity to work in both a hostel and a coffee roastery with Thai PBS Online. : When I decided to start a coffee shop, how did I start? Eh: I only thought about 15 minutes, went to school for 15 days, and then opened for five months. We felt that there was a force in our hearts that it was a career that we should do and be happy because at that time, we focused on the second profession with the idea that we would do this career until old age. At that time, I didn't think that I would start a coffee business, I just felt that it looked good to study, and then we might be able to charm a little knowledge and bring Thai coffee to serve guests to the hotel. After serving Thai coffee, foreign customers liked and were very impressed, it turned out that when customers came to check in, they would ask about coffee because there were customers who reviewed on Booking.com about coffee, so we were even more impressed about coffee. Farmers who intend to make good Thai coffee. It was like a voice that always echoed in his ears that he didn't know that Thailand grows coffee, which is very striking and the customer asks to buy Thai coffee beans back. That's why I chose to pursue this career and explore myself why I wanted to travel for coffee. We must love coffee. Thai PBS Online: Did you run a coffee shop at that time? Eh: No, at that time, I went to visit the coffee plantation with my brother Aod, who is a coffee teacher. Pee Od made me feel impressed with the coffee and made me feel that coffee is easy to access, think only good things, feel that we should be able to do it, so I sent coffee to people because Krabi is a tourist town. Foreigners, local tourists, and neighboring Thais also came to Krabi to meet my brother, who is a painting artist. He said the saber guy wasn't indie enough to have coffee in the glass room. There's a coffee roaster and we chill out, so we use this land, which is a relative's land. He built a wood shed that had been abandoned for 20 years, we went to coffee making classes for 15 days, and came back and built it here. It took 5 months, and people were very confused about what to do. People in the coffee industry are confused that we think that 2-3 years will gradually become known. I couldn't make it in time, I couldn't get customers in time, I was shocked by people because I thought we were gradually learning and the coffee beans started to sell. There was a café that supported us from the beginning. Buying our coffee beans to serve in a café, Ae continued, "At the time, I was determined to sell 70 percent of the coffee beans and only 30 percent of the café, but when it actually opened, it was reversed. We wanted to chill, but when it turned upside down, the customers came in. If we don't catch up, he'll lose his feelings at first, so let's do it with his girlfriend. After a while, I couldn't do it because there was no day off and it wasn't as chill as we thought and then Ae went on to talk about another angle during the COVID-19 pandemic that during that time, it was a channel that allowed us to meet more coffee farmers. Even Krabi's coffee, which farmers say they want to improve. We also support coffee from many sources, including many northern provinces, where we rotate to buy seeds. Krabi coffee, Ranong coffee, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai Tak, etc. It makes me love coffee more and feel that we are not just doing it as a profession or as a business. Thai PBS Online: Where do the coffee beans in the shop come from? Answer: They come from many places all over the country, but every roastery must offer uniqueness. The identity of the roastery, or what we call the House Blend recipe or our roastery recipe, is Red Bird. There is more than 1 type of flavor, different roasting levels or different sources of origin, which Red Bird roasted is not very strong, caramel, has thin fruity. Most importantly, I want to lay the foundation of Robusta, which is the coffee of the South and Krabi, which we previously used Robusta from Chiang Rai to mix with this is an inspiration that we will support farmers and communities who want to improve the quality of coffee. But we are just a small cog in the coffee industry before COVID hit. Everyone is thriving, but when there is a crisis, we have to change ourselves, develop ourselves, do not frame ourselves that I like. I don't like it. Open your mind, maybe we'll see a lot of opportunities and don't forget to improve yourself, because it's our career. Good things will be answered to us.
"Young Guide" Breaks Through COVID Wave Open a surf shop to build a network of young people|The 32-year-old guide opened a surfboard shop on Karon Beach amid the COVID-19 pandemic and hoped to do what he loves in his hometown. As a result, many businesses have had to close down because they could not bear the burden, but there was another business that countered the trend that occurred in the midst of the crisis. Just to not want Phuket to be lonely, the 32-year-old looks at his hometown. Look at almost every closed store. Mr. Narongyos Nakpan or Don, 32 years old, told Thai PBS Online that after graduating from hospitality tourism, he worked as a tour guide in Surat Thani province. This was Don's first time catching a surfboard due to heavy work, lack of time for himself, and no time to take care of family members or socialize with friends. The pandemic in 2020 caused a decrease in tourists, which was a turning point for him to decide to quit his full-time job for 4 years, but he loved service, loved languages, loved meeting people, and liked to open up new worlds. Don continued to take freelance jobs. The first surf board in Karon Beach that occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic with the last money available. Share with each friend 50,000 baht for a total of 100,000 baht to find a place to manage the shop every step by yourself. Don said that he is a Phuket by birth. And surfing activities in Phuket have been going on for about 17-18 years, but I personally started playing for about 5 years and before I did not know that surfing in Phuket can be played and with a passion for this sport. And on Karon beach there are beautiful waves that can surf just like other beaches due to negative costs. And in the midst of COVID-19, making it seem like a dream sales project, Nong Don said that he wanted to do something to let people know about this sport and let people know that Phuket can surf by starting to make a video about surfing as a promotion, but it took a long time, most customers will contact through social media channels. Popular groups such as Russia, Australia, England, America, and for Thai customers themselves are diverse, one traveler said that he has been to Thailand almost 10 times. And now I come back to Phuket again and again to surf from people who love surfing who gather here in a variety of professions, meet and talk, exchange information, and learn from each other. With designers, pharmacists, professors, and many other professions gathered to do passionate activities together, the community was born here. For example, a teacher who sells printed fabrics, as well as an art teacher who draws postcards and makes bracelets for sale, is another channel to help distribute income for surfing schools in Phuket. Don said he needs to see what level customers are at, basic, basic or proficient because surfing is playing with nature. The first consideration is the safety of the customer. However, the weather must be checked each day for those who are teachers or coaches must be trained by the Surfing Association of Thailand. Nong Don said that surfing is one of the most popular extreme water activities around the world.Ms. Benmaporn Na Takua Thung or Ben, 34, one of the co-founders of Swell Club, opened up that she was one of the victims who lost their family members in the tsunami. As a result, he became panicked with the sea and tried to find a way out by diving and doing marine activities, but what Ben discovered was that he was not afraid of the sea, but the "waves" that made Don persuade him to surf. When I tried Ben, I felt addicted and made the fear that arises under my mind less. He said Karon had not previously been popular for surfing because the monsoon was stronger than other beaches, but it appears that on less monsoon days, Karon Beach has very beautiful waves. Tourists are increasingly surfing in Karon for this sport. Don said that it has become popular and widely known, and many Thais have won many prizes at overseas venues.
Krabi Community Culture Tour "Baan Koh Klang"|Krabi Not only the beautiful sea, but also the tourism of the community. "Baan Koh Klang" is on an island in the middle of the Krabi River surrounded by mangrove forest. People here live a simple life with agriculture and handicrafts.To get to Baan Koh Klang, you can take a boat across from the pier of Thara Park Pier near the black crab yard across to the Klang Island community. It takes about 5 minutes, if only people will board the boat, the fare is 10 baht per person, but if you bring a motorcycle, the price will be 20-25 baht depending on the number of cars in each round. 3 wheels, the price is 400 baht, can seat about 3-4 people, travel around the island for about 2 hours, do activities that tourists can choose according to their interests, because the community here makes community products according to their aptitude and according to the resources at home. Soft, delicious, unique. The island coexists. Under multiculturalism, both Thai Buddhists and Thai Muslims are old fishing villages that use traditional ways of farming and handicrafts. But when tourism goes further, developing knowledge and products, there are a variety of products, including pate making, replica shipbuilding groups, coconut shell products, but all communities can drive together with small tricycles. Visitors can come on a day trip or stay overnight. There are homestays that locals open to accommodate tourists, and there is also one entrepreneur who has opened a hotel that focuses on community development. Most of the raw materials are sourced from the area.    
Turning COVID into an opportunity for "Ban Bang Rong Community" to enhance tourism and experience lifestyle |Ban Bang Rong Community Experience the community lifestyle with various ecotourism promotion activities, suitable for one day trips, as well as raising the standard of community tourism to a professional level along with distributing income to people in Ban Bang Rong community. Located at Paklok Thalang District, Phuket Province, which is an old community. The chairman of Ban Bang Rong Community Tourism Group, or Bangmad, told Thai PBS Online that in the past, some communities had a crisis of mangrove forest management that had been degraded until the mangrove forest was destroyed. Therefore, the group gathered to want to restore the mangrove forest. The group will be religious leaders with vision and knowledge, and from the past to the present, the mangrove forest has become even more beautiful when the mangrove forest is fertile. The sea creatures returned. Even the lost macaques have also returned, making tourists interested in the rich and beautiful way of nature and can be easily accessed, hence the beginning of the establishment of a tourist service point, which established a community restaurant as the first floating raft. This point is the jetty to Koh Yao Noi. Koh Yao Yai, which has uninterrupted tourists, said that the starting point was caused by tourists questioning that in addition to restaurants. Therefore, we have arranged a gondola to take tourists to see the canal and take them to see the shellfish coop of the villagers so that tourists can see the way of life of the people in the community. Model communities to observe, analyze, and then return to find the strengths of the community. This makes you realize that there are many highlights in the community, including rainforests, waterfalls, the project to return gibbons to the forest, the world's first white-backed palm, and the way of agriculture. Seasonal fruit plantations, rubber tapping, goat farming, pineapple farming, these are the traditional occupations of the people here. There are various activities for tourists to participate in. Study of mangrove forest nature trails, canoeing Bang Pae Waterfall Gibbon return to the wild Project Fish farming in cages Visit goat farm Visit the orchard, cut pineapples from the garden, pick coconuts from the trees, experiment with tapping tires, and make local sweets. Pate painting and marine activities are also available. In the future, it will be opened as CSR activities, EM Ball making to increase oxygen in the water, artificial fish housemaking, horse crab nursery, seagrass planting, there are also Thai cooking classes, from preparing raw materials, picking vegetables from the garden, fishing with villagers, who are trying to push the activities to diversity, which sees that tourists also need a variety of activities. However, tourists can choose to do activities according to their preferences and interests. The villagers are 80% Muslim and 20% Thai Buddhist. It takes a method. It takes time. 80% of foreign tourists, 20% of Thais, are mostly tourists from Europe, the UK, Germany, France, USA, Canada, Scandinavia, Sweden, Norway and Denmark, as well as Saudi Arabia. Dubai, United Arab Emirates as the community has halal restaurants. Therefore, some tourism communities meet the needs of this group of tourists, most of whom come in the form of group tours, 60-70%, the rest will contact them directly. Some communities can accommodate from 1-150 tourists per day. Baht 100 per share to fund the group. The income will be shared with the villagers each time, which is the main objective of the villagers who want to earn income from tourism and a portion of the income will be collected into the central pool to pass on to the youth group. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, tourists were considered very small as mainstream tourism was still preferred over community tourism. The community tourism epidemic has received good feedback, as well as the opportunity from Phuket Sandbox and tourists want to experience nature, open space, one week there will be tourists who come in for 3-4 days. The company has developed upgrades in many areas, whether it is the arrangement of the venue or various products, said that due to the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, pineapple products throughout the year cannot be sold due to the closure of hotels and restaurants. As a result, pineapples overflowed the market, so they figured out how to process them. There are also pineapple lotions and pineapple soaps, pineapple paste, which these products will be souvenir gifts for tourists by taking pineapple as the main body of the community, and in the future, there will be dried pineapples and pineapple serums, sunscreen lotions with attention to every process, taking into account the beauty of the packaging design, including the size and quantity that can be carried on board conveniently. Because in addition to tourists are impressed with the community way of tourism. We also get quality products back with marketing and public relations. Bangmad said that it is still considered a point of the community, although many agencies help to publicize and help push, but there are still groups of tourists who have not yet reached it, which Bangmad thinks that we should have public relations from upstream, midstream, downstream, that is, from the airport, on the way, or even the hotel itself should contribute to promote public relations as well, partly due to not confidence in the community's own standards. That it cannot accommodate tourists, but when the tour agent comes into contact There has been another public relations channel. Nowadays, there are more tourists coming in during holidays or school holidays. A group of youth in the community asked for volunteers to help with the event. Both to welcome tourists and to mentor tourists in activities. This is to practice skills in work and language. It also generates income for the youth group. Bangmad said that in terms of the standard of activities that tourists participate in, the core of community tourism is that tourists must participate in the process of activities. Tourists must be able to do it by themselves in order to experience the real way, which the community must be ready in terms of equipment, cleanliness, including the safety of tourists, tour registration and tour guides. It is another important part to raise the level of tourism to professionals, both as a tourist attraction that has a real identity, legality, accident insurance for tourists, in addition, community guides must also have a guide card that increases the confidence of tourists even more. Additional income is added to the main income. Even unemployed people can get into the process of activity. "I see that I am on the right path, focusing on good activities, focusing on available products, focusing on service standards, emphasizing on people in the community to earn income, making some communities one of the mechanisms that make Thailand's tourism prosperous again."
Open the world of life "Mahout - Elephant Companion" Kochaban Institute Lampang|Shine on life "Mahout" with a big partner Some people spend years building trust with elephants with the charm of mahout profession that requires love at the Kochaban Lampang Institute"Living together every day" from day to month, from month to year, becoming familiar with the bond between "mahout", an important partner of "pet elephant", breed Jitsuk, who has been with elephants for more than 20 years. He started taking care of AI from 2 years old until now 14 years old, usually elephant tusks have a fierce character, but AI is quite obedient to mahouts because they have been together for a long time, strong, even some stubborn, or used to get sick because they eat soil until they have to take them to the doctor. Chang Phang, 18 years old, has a "mahout" as a mahout. The duo have been together for more than 3 years, and even though they don't know each other 100%, being close to each other has led to a bond that begins with the day at the Thai Elephant Sanctuary. National Kochaban Institute under the patronage of His Majesty the King, Lampang Kachakorn Province Lump Kham or Mahout Pump will pick up the arena on the main cleanup of the elephant bundle source. Take them to bathe, walk, exercise, relax and wait for the time of the elephant tourist show at the exhibition ground, about 30 minutes, including demonstrations of basic elephant training such as leg lifting, teeth checking, dragging sticks, climbing sticks, playing ball throwing games, as well as collecting things and wearing hats for mahouts after the show. Eat grass before taking them to the main place, with mahouts taking turns taking care of each night mahouts. He said that elephant training at the Thai Elephant Sanctuary uses positive lessons. Focus on using food that elephants like to stimulate training without coercion. Each elephant rope takes from 2 months to 1 year to train, the charm of the profession of "mahout" in the sense of mahout pump is to be close and bond with 21 elephants. He decided to follow in his uncle's footsteps and took over the mahout profession at the age of 19 because his passion started as a mahout or mahout. It took more than 2 years to develop into a mahout, which is the mahout of each rope elephant by taking care of "Bai Bun", a 4-year-old little elephant, Mahout Ken said that Bai Boon has a habit like a person, likes to play, likes to tease, but if he speaks badly or uses harsh words, Bai Boon will get angry and disobedient during the 3 months of training together, making them understand each other more. The bond of this couple is like having a playmate. Being with your favorite things and animals is considered a pleasure and fun to work as a mahout or elephant herder. Caring and willing to take care of these big animals that are like family members.
From generation to generation "Oh Ew" Phuket Delicious Food Anyone who comes must stop by.|"Oh my gosh" is an ancient dessert. Trolley shop in front of Siam Old Cinema, Soi Sun Uthit, Phuket A legendary restaurant that has been passed down from generation to generation for more than 100 years, Oh Ew (薁蕘), a local dessert in Phuket, looks like a clear white jelly eaten with soy sauce or the south is called black jelly. Boiled red bean paste followed by finely flaked ice Add cat milk. Syrup is poured with red water to add a sweet aroma, similar to the clear ice "Oh Ew Pae Li" or "Oh Ew Pae". Chao Kao is a small trolley shop in front of the old Siam cinema near Phuket Traditional Food Center, Soi Sun Uthit. Yaowarat Road Talat Yai District Muang, Phuket Set up shop from 13.30 - 17.00 every day, Mr. Watcharaphan Pitakphiromprai, 52, a 3rd generation heir, told Thai PBS Online that Agong (grandfather) had inherited the method of making Oh Ao from a Chinese. Ah Kong tried to do it only once, he was able to do it, until Ah Kong took over the profession of selling Oh Ao since then and sold at Siam Cinema at that time, now the cinema is an abandoned building, but Pae Li still uses that space to set up tables for Oh Ao customers to sit and eat from the past to the present more than 100 years ago. That Oh Ao passed down from generation to generation until the 3rd generation, Brother Chut still seizes the profession of selling Oh Ao at present, Brother Chut said that he began to see Ah Kong doing Oh Ao since birth and helped Ah Kong prepare things and help sell them. When Ah Kong died, he helped Daddy (father) sell it ever since. As for the word Pae Li is the name of Papa, which is the origin that many people know this shop by the name of Oh Ew Pae Li, until when he graduated from secondary school 6, he took this profession and sold it until now, which is 15 baht per cup. It is made from the mucus of the Oh Ew seed or in Chinese it is called Aiyu seed (愛玉子), which is a plant like fig or fig vine. It looks like a brown basil seed. The shop will order seeds from Penang. Singapore part of the method of making Oh Ew seeds to soak in water and remove only the mucus mixed with the mucus of the banana Nam Wa. Bring to a boil, leave and strain, remove the pulp. The resulting water will gradually harden into jelly. Oh Ao's meat is very soft and tender. The shop will be freshly reworked every day. Pee Chut Say oh oew, there will be a symbol on the order. If it says white, red, black, that means, oh my gosh. Add red bean paste and white bean paste is Oh Ew, black is red bean paste and red is red bean paste. Some people stop by the store from their social following. Foreigners are Asian. Europeans are not very popular with Pee Chut. In conclusion, during the COVID-19 pandemic, The shop will only be closed for a certain period of time, which is frequented by people in the neighborhood to help support it, allowing income during that period for those visiting Phuket. Don't miss out on a bite to try. It is said that if you come to Phuket without eating Oh Ew, it is like you have not arrived in Phuket and you can also walk through the old town that is a Sino-Portuguese style building that is a historical charm of Phuket and there are also many delicious restaurants as well.    
Closed for 3 years, major renovation "National Theatre"|The Fine Arts Department has closed the National Theatre for renovation for 3 years and will hold an exhibition of old photographs and performances on January 7-8, while the show "Cheerful Suksaran Sangkeet" will be held every Sunday from December 18, 2022 to December 26, 2022. March 2023 at Bangkok National Museum today (13 December 2022) 14.30 Mr. Phanombutr Chandrachote The Director General of the Fine Arts Department presided over the press conference on the performance of "Man Joyban Suksaran Sangkeet", the 66th year Music for the People Project and the program "Transcendental Time, Precious Theatre" on the occasion of the closure of the National Theatre. Isarangkur Na Ayutthaya, Director of the Sangkeet Bureau, attended a press conference at the National Theatre, the Director General of the Fine Arts Department said that the Ministry of Culture by the Sangkeet Bureau, Fine Arts Department has organized dance and music performances to preserve and inherit Create and disseminate art and culture in dance and music to the eyes of both Thai and foreign people. With the National Theatre as a venue for all performing arts in 2022, the National Theatre has been allocated a budget for major renovations. The three-year project started in FY2022 to strengthen the performance stage and install a stage elevator for the performance. Installation of electrical and electronic engineering systems with the establishment of a computer-based centralized control system that meets international standards. Install a fire alarm system There is a safety control room, electrical system in accordance with the new building standards. Perform engineering infrastructure adjustments and building assembly systems, including the design and allocation of usable spaces. In order to ensure integrity, stability, strength, potential, readiness in all aspects and meet international theater standards, the Bureau of Sangkeet organized an exhibition of the history of the National Theatre, including old photographs recounting the past related to the National Theatre, performance-chorus, and the program "Turning Through Time, Precious Theatre" on the occasion of the closure of the National Theatre on 7-8 January 2023 at 13.00 hrs. About Kraithong. Kraithongchalawan episode and Khon show Ramayana series "Rambodee Chakriwong" Tickets for the show are available for booking at https://ntt.finearts.go.th. The 66th Annual Music for the People Project, which is an annual performance of the Sangkeet Bureau to disseminate and preserve arts and culture, with a variety of performances including Khon performances, dramas, visual tours, Thai music performances, international music. Until Sunday, March 26, 2023 17.30-19.30 hrs. Outdoor stage Bangkok National Museum Area In addition, there is a special program "Suksri Sunthorneeporn New Year" to watch the primitive chaknak show and the Khon Ramayana series "Sucreep Suriyo-Son" with no admission fee on Sunday, December 25, 2022 as a gift for the New Year 2023. 
"Rose" Blackpink "Mango with Sweet Fish Sauce"|The show is full of BLACKPINK WORLD TOUR [BORN PINK] BANGKOK concert on the first day, and the aftermath of the "Mango with Sweet Fish Sauce" trend after "Rose" Blackpink. Named as Bangkok's favorite dish, social media expects to create a soft power phenomenon in food. THAI ECONOMIC BOOST IS OVER FOR THE FIRST DAY OF BLACKPINK WORLD TOUR [BORN PINK] BANGKOK, WHERE THE FOUR GIRLS IMPRESSED WITH THAI BLINK LAST NIGHT (7 JAN 2023). But the aftermath of the event is not over. One of the members, "Rose", posted a picture of "Mango with sweet fish sauce" on her personal IG Story with the sweet words "My absolute favorite thing to eat here in Bangkok." Bring smiles to fans and music fans as well. Some social media users have started buying mango with sweet fish sauce to eat according to their favorite artist. Some people think that BLACKPINK members have helped create the soft power phenomenon in food. Let the vendors earn money. Stimulating the economy very well previously "Lisa" Blackpink He gave an interview after releasing his solo "LALISA". In 2021, he said, "If I go home to Buriram, one thing I want to do is eat meatballs standing at the Buriram railway station." The trend of standing meatballs began to fever until the vendors could barely take orders in time. It's not just food. But the MV of Lisa's song LALISA Blackpink pulled sales of "Tiara Yod" stores in Sampeng Market due to the COVID-19 crisis, while online orders from abroad grew by 20%. "Standing meatballs to eat" Unique Buriram Street Food where "Lisa" attracted to vendors delighted with "standing meatballs" stimulates the Buriram economy, the current "LALISA" pushes foreigners to order "Thai tiara" from Sampeng Piap 
« Wrap it up Sneaker" popular trend foreigners rent Thai clothes to wear to visit the temple inform.|From the trend in the online world that has started to become popular again for wearing Thai sightseeing clothes. "Wat Chaeng" that foreign tourists pay a lot of attention to. The Thai PBS Online news team asks for opinions of foreign tourists. Preparation of Thai costume rental shop operators with this trend as usual tourists and temples informed. Whether it's a large group tour or a private trip, but everything turned out to be put on hold because of the word "COVID", Wat Arun or Wat Chaeng almost became an abandoned temple without the shadow of tourists. Shops Beside the temple, they had to be forced to close their businesses because there were no customers. Working capital has been declining steadily over the past 3 years of COVID-19. Dominated the city until the announcement of Thailand's reopening on November 1, 2022, causing more foreign tourists to start coming in. Wat Chaeng is back to life and colorful according to the colors of Thai costume again, tourists especially Vietnamese who visit the beauty of "Prang Wat Arun", both Prang Chairman and 4 other Prang Rong Buddhist monks say that they see a very matching picture of Thai costume and the big prang that is the backdrop in the social world, making them want to come to Wat Chaeng and rent Thai clothes because they want to have their photos uploaded to their social media. If you compare the cost of tourism in Thailand and the price of tourism in your own country. Vietnamese say they will lose money equally, not much different, so they choose to travel abroad after the last temple renovation was completed in 2017 and Thailand opened up to foreign tourists in 2022. Thai costume rental shops in communities around Wat Chaeng had the opportunity to reopen their old shops that had to change their businesses. Finding other ways to earn money by selling food and water, he reopened his clothing rental shop. As for the new shop that chose to do this business, it is considered an opportunity to learn new things and adapt to the current situation. Especially Asians who love to wear and enjoy the Thai national costume very much when inquiring with tourists. Vietnamese, South Koreans and Chinese say that operators of Thai costume rental shops and restaurants around Wat Chaeng say that the silence of the temple is due to the number of Chinese tourists missing. Even now, the buzz is starting to return because of Vietnamese, Malay Chinese, and other nations, but they are still waiting for the "Chinese" to return. This is partly because of the high cost power and quick decision making even though communication is difficult because most Chinese people that entrepreneurs meet will speak less English, but it is not a big problem because shop staff are trying to practice speaking Chinese as much as they can easily communicate with each other. It shows the adaptation for the survival of today's entrepreneurs. COVID-19 The entrepreneur says not too worried. I personally do my best to protect myself and keep my clothes and equipment clean to reassure the next customer among foreign tourists. Even the love of Thai costume is the same. But the behavior of expression is different, Asians prefer to wear it. While Westerners choose to stand and admire the beauty of the dress through Asian tourists or ask to take photos together to feel closer to the dress, on the other hand, Western tourists echo through the question that the temple security officer cannot answer, this issue itself has been a controversy within the Arun Ratchawararam Temple because there are many voices that oppose wearing Thai clothes with open shoulders walking inside the temple. Tourists, about wearing a single-breasted shirt. Shorts that it is an immodest dress inside the temple, but another voice clarifies that the open-shouldered dress is the national costume of Thailand that has been around for a long time. Therefore, it is not strange to wear Thai clothes to the temple, and nowadays it is considered to help the mouth of the community and preserve Thai traditions while promoting Thai costume to be famous all over the world. The temple has an agreement that allows people dressed in Thai costume to enter the temple. Tourists wearing single-breasted shirts. I'm going to have to find a robe to cover it off. As for the curious travellers, The staff inside the temple only replied that it was an impolite dress code inside the temple.
"Miss Garbage Dump" The meaning of the evening dress of "Anna the Tiger" around the preliminary seminary  |It's all over for the Miss Universe 2022 preliminary pageant. It can be called "Anna the Tiger", beautiful to captivate people around the world, both walking and evening dresses made from aluminum can lids. The origin of this dress comes from her life. The first round of the 71st Miss Universe 2022 pageant was held today (January 12, 2023) as 86 beautiful women from around the world were showcased at the New Orleans Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. United States of America After the appearance of "Anna Sua Ngam Iam", a representative of beautiful women from Thailand in evening dresses. This past morning, Thailand time. The evening gown worn by "Anna the Tiger" is called eye-catching. It has been scored by fans from Thailand and around the world, and Ying impressed when the origin of the dress was based on Anna's real life, called "Miss Garbage Dump". The designer of Anna Tiger's preliminary evening gown shared her inspiration for creating the dress from Anna's real life. Clearly reflect and reinforce the identity of Anna, the tiger is beautiful, persevering, fighting for life, and not despairing. And the pride in my parents, whose father worked as a garbage collector and my mother was a garbage sweeper, combined with the teachings of my great-grandfather who was a nun, all of which were forged together to form a beautiful diamond called Anna, a beautiful tiger. The woman who was named the beauty queen from the garbage dump from Anna's life story was born with a great inspiration that was conveyed in the evening gown called "Hidden Precious Diamond Dress". Made through waste materials, aluminum can lids are crafted with jewelery detail technique and decorated with Swarovki diamonds to create the perfect evening gown that is ready to shine in the eyes of the world. I would like to be a part of passing on this pride together with Anna, the tiger and all Thai people. 
Thai dancers join ENHYPEN in Golden Disc Awards|Open your mind to "The Game" From cover dance teacher to Thai dancer, 1 out of 20 who performed with ENHYPEN, a rising K-POP boy band on the Rajamanga stage. At the Golden Disc Awards, the aftermath of the 37th K-POP Awards, not only chose Thailand as the venue for the grand event, but also some Thai team members were the sponsors behind the event. Kasemphan Wanthong at the age of 26 is one of 20 Thai dancers to take the stage as part of the band's show. ENHYPEN is a popular boy band and the only Thai dancer team on a stage full of famous K-POP artists. Children Activities in Kalasin Province He practiced cover dance with passion and carved his own dance moves before taking a serious dance fundamentals workshop when he moved to Bangkok. After graduating, he became one of the Thai dancers who competed in the Hiphop international competition in 2019. When the opportunity comes, the game Kasemphan immediately seized the dream and sent a profile with a clip of him dancing to a Thai studio. Without knowing that the courage of that day will become an invaluable experience in life after qualifying. All 20 dancers had to train together in the studio before going to the Rajamanga stage. Admittedly, it was an experience beyond my wildest dreams and working with the Korean team was rigorous. Discipline, especially in dance that will have a stronger and more organized dance line. This greatly enhances dance skills from real work from provincial children who learn and practice on their own that day. As a result, he chose to transfer various knowledge to interested and talented children to learn the basics of dance correctly. We hope that Thai dancers will have a platform to showcase their talents and enhance their skills to reach the world level. "Because Thai people After teaching children in private studios for a long time, it has seen a K-POP trend which encourages more children to learn to cover dance. Games Kasemphan then moved to teach special classes in international schools and taught at the To be number one youth center, which is a free class for youth aged 8 to 25. She said she usually likes to dance to the music that I play at home. Knowing that the youth center offers free dance classes, I signed up for the lesson and I didn't think my child could dance so well. 8 years old He said he was tired of learning to dance, but it was fun to come and wanted to keep coming again. game Kasemphan He told Thai PBS Online: Although there has been a trend in the past that children and parents are more interested in learning to learn cover dance, but after COVID-19, another trend is that students are asking to teach them to dance to TikTok songs. To see someone dancing well on Tiktok, not everyone can do it, but it must be someone with a good dance background. The main thing is the foundation to be the foundation for a career that favors both dancers and dancers. dancer You can be a dance teacher or even a choreographer.
"AE86" Resurrection Back to running the drift industry, delivering tofu with clean energy.|"AE86", the legendary classic car from the famous racing manga and anime "Initial D, lightning drift racer" Resurrection After debuting at Tokyo Auto Salon 2023 and Tokyo Outdoor Show, it returned as a clean energy vehicle to reduce carbon emissions last week. Tokyo Auto Salon 2023 and Tokyo Outdoor Show are held under the theme of "Toyota: Leaving no car lovers behind" amid the development of eco-friendly cars by companies. For example, "AE86", the legendary classic car from the famous racing manga and anime "Initial D, a lightning drift racer" where the hero has to drive his father's car to deliver tofu drift across Mount Akina every day to become a master racer, the return of "AE86". This time, despite the same appearance, the car's system has changed because the AE86 is back with two models: the AE86 H2 hydrogen car and the AE86 BEV battery electric car for AE86 H2. Hydrogen vehicles are equipped with high-pressure hydrogen storage tanks from fuel cell electric vehicles. Toyota Mirai, two tanks at the rear, and other modifications such as fuel injectors. The AE86 BEV is a manual transmission car. The new AE86 also features the development of seats and seat belts, and reinforced seat belt pads made from recycled materials. Both vehicles were developed and manufactured as part of carbon emission reduction. Seeing legendary cars developed like this could be another driving force for the clean car trend to gain more attention. 
Visit Phu Lom Lo to see the tiger flower - Walking to the Doi Children's Flea Market|Where are you going this weekend? Phu Lom Lo is an alternative for tourists who want to see the beauty of the pink tiger queen flowers blooming over the mountains and see the colorful paper flowers that are equally beautiful. Ready to stroll the Doi Children's Flea Market to buy goods from Phu Lom Lo community. It is a spot to see the tiger queen flower, also known as cherry blossoms in Thailand. More than 200,000 trees on an area of more than 1,200 rai, with tiger flowers blooming only once a year. Around January every year. Each year will bloom differently depending on the climate of that year. Phu Lom Lo is away from Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park Office. About 15 kilometers on the boundary of three provinces, Phitsanulok, Phetchabun and Loei, with an elevation of 1,664 meters above sea level. As far as the eye can see, in the cold weather, The community tour bus will take tourists to various spots to capture their impressions, making Phu Lom Lo a place that attracts attention from Phu Lom Lo tourists. In addition to being full of tiger flowers. Phu Lom Lo is also another beautiful spot where you can watch the sunrise and sunset. The planting of tiger queen trees to prevent villagers from encroaching on the park area and not expecting that by the time the tiger queen flowers bloom at the same time, it will be beautiful and has attracted the attention of tourists until it has become a popular tourist destination in winter. This is partly to replace the tree that has reached the end of its life expectancy and to further expand the tourism area as the path to Phu Lom Lo is quite steep. National Park Service Visitors are not allowed to bring their cars. Tourists must use the services of the community tour group. Phu Lom Lo can be climbed by several routes.1. The nearest route is Ban Rong Kla, Phitsanulok. Tourists can travel only 45 minutes for 1,000 baht and can seat up to 10 people2. Community tour bus service point at Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park, Phitsanulok Province, at a price of 1,000 baht per car, can seat up to 10 people.3. route T.Koksathon Dan Sai District, Loei Province The service fee is 1,500 baht per car, seats no more than 10 people, the bus departs from 05.00-16.00 hrs. It is now 100% in full bloom. It is expected to bloom until the end of January. Ban Rong Kla is another spot where there is a Phu Lom Lo tourist bus. Ban Rong Kla is a village that coexists seamlessly between Thai people and Hmong hill tribes. Visitors can take a leisurely stroll through the village and take photos and one of the must-see spots when visiting Phu Lom Lo. There is a must-see highlight corner where you can see the entire village. At Wat Pa Phu Hin Rong Kla, which is a hill, and walk for about 500 meters, you will find a bird's eye view of the entire village. If in January, you will see pink tiger queen flowers covering the village, a beautiful picture like a foreign scenery, like a painting. Ban Rong Kla also has a community market where villagers will bring various vegetables grown to sell to local people and tourists to buy at a friendly price. Cabbage, pumpkin, potatoes, carrots, broccoli and other vegetables are also available. Doi Children's Flea Market is a small market where children in the community spend their holidays dressed in Hmong hill tribe costumes. Bring winter fruits and vegetables as well as souvenirs to sell to tourists. Doi Children's Market is open only on Saturdays. Sunday and public holidays from 06.30-18.00 hrs. In the forest development project along the Phu Hin Rong Kla Royal Initiative. In Phu Hin Rong Kla National Park, Phitsanulok Province, there are 2 plots at the entrance and the cliff side area lined with colorful paper flowers including pink, red, white and yellow that are ready to bloom beautifully. Visitors are welcome throughout the winter, and there is also a clifftop observation deck. There are Love Cliffs, Love Cliffs, Love Cliffs, Longlasting Love Cliffs, Titanic Cliffs, Salad Rak Cliffs for tourists to see the scenery and take impressive photos as well.     
"Songkran" enters Tentative list of cultural heritage|UNESCO has added "Songkran Thai" to the tentative list for consideration at the meeting as a "Cultural Heritage". Today (24 Jan 2023) The UNESCO website reports that Songkran in Thailand, traditional Thai New Year festival has been approved. Entered the tentative list for consideration at the meeting as Thailand's 4th "Cultural Wisdom Heritage" after the previous one. Thailand has been registered as a World Heritage Site of Cultural Wisdom in the past, namely Khone, registered in 2018, Thai Massage. Registered in 2019 and Nora Dance of the South Registered in 2021 for Cultural Wisdom Heritage Intangible Cultural Heritage Sponsored by UNESCO, it focuses on the intangible parts of culture. In 2001 UNESCO conducted a survey. To try to define and formulate a Convention on the Preservation of Intangible Cultural Heritage. It covers performing arts, artisanship, language, etc. The Committee for the Promotion and Preservation of Wisdom Heritage No. 1/2022 that the meeting acknowledged Progress of submission of proposal documents "Songkran in Thailand" as a representative list of intangible cultural heritage of mankind to UNESCO. It is expected to be considered in late 2023.
SAVE Orange Curry, the original menu "Healthy Curry" with Thai Kitchen |The Department of Health joins #SAVEแกงส้ม healthy menus that are in Thai kitchens, complete with nutritional value and benefits in the case of social media using the hashtag SAVE orange curry after Thailand's orange curry was ranked 12th in the world as the worst food in the world by a well-known travel website in February. (8 February 2023) Dr. Sarawut Boonsuk, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Health, said that orange curry has been a staple food in Thai society for a long time. The distinctive taste is the sour taste taken from tamarind, which is a good source of vitamin C, followed by the properties of Thai curry pepper, which is the use of herbs such as chili, garlic, shallot, krachai, shrimp paste to pound together. Morning glory, mimosa, as well as meat proteins such as fish or shrimp are commonly pounded, combined with curry peppers or added separately. This makes the orange curry low in fat. Rich in fiber to help the digestive system, vegetables contain vitamin A that helps tissue growth and the immune system. Vitamin C improves iron absorption. Anti-oxidant, prevents scurvy. Vitamin B12 from meat helps produce red blood cells and brain function for the nutritional value of orange curry. You can eat steamed rice with mixed vegetables orange curry with other foods because orange curry is classified as a low-energy food, and the most popular food to eat with orange curry is usually an omelet if you eat orange curry mixed vegetables with fresh shrimp. Choose to eat with other foods that are low in cholesterol or if you want to eat orange curry with an omelet. It is recommended to switch from shrimp meat to fish meat instead. Another caution is that the sodium content in curry and the seasoning of orange curry is quite high for those who have high blood pressure problems or those who need to limit the amount of sodium in their food. Hygiene is not forgotten.
"Jihyo-Bangchan-Baekho", a K-POP idol with Thai food who fell in love|K-POP artists come to Thailand What is indispensable is to taste the favorite Thai dishes that each person loves. Like Ji Hyo girl, the band Twice, who came to find Pad Thai - favorite watermelon smoothie. Young Baek Ho Starting in 2023, foreign artists, especially K-POP artists, are continuously visiting Thailand. There are both commuting to work. Concerts Fan Meeting or some people come to relax and film vlogs, allowing fans around the world to see the atmosphere in Thailand, including a variety of Thai dishes that anyone who has tried will love and want to come back to taste it again. BAEKHO, who came to perform at the 2023 BAEKHO MINI CONCERT < BAEKHoney DAY> IN BANGKOK, which will be held today (February 4, 2023), has surprised fans. He showed off his Thai food he bought himself, including famous brands of curd, spicy squid snacks that many people love, as well as fruits like dragon fruit. He said that he stood for a long time and watched why the egg was pink, so he decided to buy it and asked the netizens what egg it was and why it was pink. Many fans, both Thai and foreign, have commented. Some said it was a flamingo egg, some said it was a "shy egg" and some said it was a "peach-flavored egg". Thai PBS Online has the answer to that. For pink eggs or horse stew eggs. Office of the Royal Society Duck eggs, chicken eggs or quail eggs are soaked in lye or fermented ashes for 10-15 days. Ji Hyo is a member of the popular girl group Twice. Vlog "죠기요" in Thailand Released She intends to seriously come to eat Pad Thai and watermelon smoothie and wants to try the curry powder crab. Ji Hyo ordered a watermelon smoothie, and also ate Tom Yum Kung, Somtum, and Grilled Pork Neck Sticky Rice when Pad Thai came. After tasting it for the first time, I immediately praised it, saying, "Pad Thai is delicious." End the meal with mango sticky rice before going shopping to many places and end the night with Leng Saap menu, not only Ji Hyo girl who loves Pad Thai, but the famous idol Bang Chan, Stray Kids from Sky Building or JYP Entertainment together, is very fond of Pad Thai. THIS TALENTED YOUNG MAN ARRIVED IN THAILAND TO PERFORM ON THE STRAY KIDS 2ND WORLD TOUR. "MANIAC" Live in Bangkok also sent a photo showing STAY fans a picture of Pad Thai with big shrimp and green curry and wrote, "Why is it so delicious?" In addition, members of the band Felix often say in Thai that "Pad Thai is so delicious" that fans believe that this guy is in love with Pad Thai. However, it must be said that dishes such as Pad Thai and watermelon smoothie are popular dishes for Korean idols that anyone who comes to order must order. The words Pad Thai and watermelon smoothie are often the top words that idols will talk about, and passing on both pictures of the menu and these interviews are another important soft power that makes foreign fans always follow in the footsteps of their favorite idols in Thailand. Generate income for vendors as well. 
"Seatscape &; Beyond" Public Chair Craftsmanship of the new generation for a better city|City people may be familiar with public chairs that they dare not sit on, but how good would it be if the new generation turned to designing public chairs that were beautiful and suitable for use? This year's Bangkok Design Week saw 10 models of young people put on display in the pop store in front of CEA. Stylish swing design Public furniture in front of the Creative Economy Promotion Agency (Public Organization) (CEA) or the Central Post Office Building in Charoenkrung district is another important gimmick for "Bangkok Design Week 2023". It also inspires and encourages everyone to come together to make Bangkok better. Step inside the pop store and you'll find 10 furniture models selected from an experimental concept contest. One Bangkok Urban Furniture Competition 2022 "Seatscape &; Beyond" To enhance the context of public spaces Today, 10 teams of students and students attended a workshop from THINKK Studio, a professional furniture designer for more than 5 months, to learn tools, equipment, materials, basic knowledge and expert experience to finally create a complete work. Thammasat University, who co-designed the furniture in this project, told the concept of designing public seats that the lifestyle lines of teenagers and the chair design by conducting a campaign through Story IG to collect data and translate it into patterns on the furniture. 5th year Faculty of Architecture student, Chulalongkorn University The 1st Best Performance Award winner stated that there was an opportunity to participate in the program during the school holidays. Understanding that the development of public furniture may not be just a design, but a space, the concept of sitting around a circle of Thai people is applied to the design works. The 10 teams selected from the project will be on display at the Central Post Office Building popstore from now until February 12, 2023 during Bangkok Design Week 2023. Coming soon 
"Flower cart photographer" of Pak Klong Market Show off your skills at Bangkok Design Week |Trolley-camera handle Talk to "Golf- Sumet Boonsong" from flower boy to photographer of Pak Khlong Talat Showcasing his skills at Bangkok Design Week 2023, 20 photographs of "Golf - Sumet Boonsong", a flower shop employee, were set up in front of Pak Klong Market near Krung Thai Bank. Bangkok Design Week 2023 is like a street gallery. "Golf-Sumeth" walked in with a big smile before introducing himself to Thai PBS Online. Tell us about your journey before becoming a photographer pushing flowers at Pak Klong Talat This young man came from Nakhon Pathom province when he was 18 years old to earn money after graduation. 6th grade with a love of photography. After 3 years of work, I spent all my salary buying my first camera. With camera magazines and YouTube as teachers in their spare time, they learn techniques to take pictures of flower cart handles and camera shoulder with lenses, becoming a memorable sight that people in Pak Khlong Talat see. "Golf-Sumeth" for the past 10 years, making most of the side job customers are merchants and vendors. Even though it is a side job, but the customers who come to hire are not playing, "Golf-Sumeth" must be limited to no more than 5 jobs a month in order to spend free time doing extra work and not to affect the main job of carrying and arranging flowers. Today, "Golf-Sumeth" has become a photographer with 6-7 cameras and more than 10 lenses. At the same time, Pak Khlong Talat that has changed over time has always been in his eyes through his lens. From the heyday when people were crowded on both sides of the road, to when people started to languish because of the new markets that popped up every day, and to the days of being without people during COVID-19. He admitted that he was happy and never thought that the photographs taken that day would become part of the Bangkok Design Week 2023 exhibits after being contacted by the team from the Faculty of Architecture, Silpakorn University. He told Thai PBS Online that even though photography is less tiring and better paid, he still wants to continue working in a flower shop at Pak Khlong Talat because both jobs are "jobs he loves" and can make a living. The main job is cold money, the job is extra money and doing what you like. Read related news "Seatscape &; Beyond" Public chair For a better city, transform the abandoned shopping mall "New World" into an exhibition telling the story of "Banglamphu" through light-shadow-sound! Exchange junk for "AriCoin", a digital coin of Ari people. Can be used for shopping - participate in workshops 
A meal of care for Japanese people who love Chiang Mai even though they have never known it.|Speaking of "Japan", Many people will think of Mt. Fuji, kimonos, samurai, anime. Shinkansen Railway, and when it comes to "Japanese", you probably think of "order", "on time", "precision", and "tamutami or kikuanone" as they like to call it in Thai. Japanese people like to do small things that make people who see them feel fluffy. Little by little, thoughts will start popping into my head, like, "He's so thoughtful." The Japanese call it "おもてなし" (omotenashi) or "heartfelt attention" that no matter who the recipient is, when the giver is Japanese, the giver is Japanese. The small details made by heart in every service will always make a good impression on the general public, just like the smile and tight satiety that the Thai PBS Online news team received from the "Makino" family. mate The owner of a Japanese restaurant combines Zen Japanese cuisine with Thai ingredients one afternoon. At Aeeen (Aine), the shop is located in Wat Rumpeng community. After Chiang Mai University 2 Makino Be well prepared to welcome the team as well as the first step in. We found 3 tea cups arranged along with the description "Makino Keiko", the wife and name of the restaurant, told the news team, and then "Makino Yuki", the man who owns the shop, who is responsible for preparing the ingredients that need to be used for cooking, especially the "tofu" that is the restaurant's specialty, showed off the soybean milling with a stone milling machine. Then the soybeans are put in a Thai bob. Standing in a nut shell pod reminds me of the pictures of elderly people in the countryside who have seen them since they were young. Both of them are non-meat eaters, either vegetarian or vegetarian. Keiko-san recalls the turning point that led her to turn her back on meat. She works on a bicycle delivering lunch boxes home in Kyoto. It was then that she started cooking healthy food. Cook everything with vegetables, plants, fruits and vegetables in all 5 colors, just like Zen monks eat, but I don't want the lunch box to look dull or boring. She gradually adapted her menu to a new name for her and her husband's creation, "Neo Shojin Ryori", a modern Zen style dish. An incident that the Makino family didn't expect at all. The whole world didn't expect it either. When Japan experienced a great earthquake and tsunami in 1999. In 2011, even more horrific than natural disasters was the explosion of a nuclear power plant in Okuma. Fukushima Prefecture Several chemical explosions have reportedly been observed. Inflict extensive damage. Radioactive material began to leak into the atmosphere and the Pacific Ocean, forcing evacuation of people and further expansion of the no-entry zone, Keiko-san recalled with a serious expression and a clear look of concern. Even though she and her family were in Osaka at the time and felt the tremors of a magnitude 9 earthquake, she said she was lucky not to have to face a tsunami. She couldn't predict if it would float to her hometown and how she would be able to deal with things she couldn't see. Yuki-san added that he himself more than 20 years ago had come to "Chiang Mai" once. The people are kind, and what I remember is riding elephants (there are no wild elephants in Japan, and there are only a few ropes in zoos). Keiko-san "never came to Chiang Mai" From Japan's bad situation at that time, until today, it's been 10 years since the Makino family moved to Chiang Mai. From people who never knew what Chiang Mai looked like. I can't say a word in Thai, but to this day. It's not just the changes that have happened to Chiang Mai. The perspective of the Makino family's view of Chiang Mai has also changed, and the most popular word to say is "Kapong" (sir). I tried to speak in a voice that wanted to show off my Thai skills, but I was embarrassed by Keiko-san's embarrassed eyes. She said she liked the word "tamachad" (nature) and she also admitted that her words were not tamachad at all, but she always tried to learn Thai because she wanted to communicate her mind in the language of her new home. Changing roads Cars are much more. Although many things seem to have evolved over time, Chiang Mai still has its own charm. Sweet, kind people ready to help. Keiko-san reiterated this phrase with a smile of admiration, not only with a happy expression on his face that he shared a small corner of Makino's 10 years in Chiang Mai with the Thai PBS Online news team, but also a good energy that made everyone in the interview smile and appreciate their changed perspective as well. Please eat the modern Zen style food at the restaurant along with the Thai staff at the restaurant. Just like when a chef in a big restaurant walks out to explain the origin of the finest ingredients that are used to create a menu like that, it is not distorted at all. But now the head chef would like to practice speaking Thai a little more Tamachat than the staff in the restaurant handed over 2 plates and said that the corner plate must be placed like this because it will fit the eyes of customers like when entering a department store. Shelving products that are at human eye level will have a more expensive rental price than the upper or lower floors because humans will see what fits the eyes first, while there are 5 menus that look different. They are arranged in 1 dish, but the subtleties of every piece must be said to be superb! Vegetables and sauces are specially formulated by the restaurant. Keiko-san tries to explain that every day the shop opens, She will come up with a menu that is almost unique. She doesn't want customers to have to eat meatless food that is not delicious, but still retains the traditional Zen concept of "eat to balance the body" on her plates. The ingredients are selected according to the seasons and adapted to new dishes every day, ending with dishes that every Japanese home must make. Rice balls wrapped in triangular seaweed This time, Keiko-san chose rice berries instead of Japanese white rice. It has a salty, oily taste that sticks to the tip of every bite that bites through the large algae wrapped in it. In fact, Japanese rice balls are mostly made by Japanese housewives that their family members carry with them to eat out, afraid of hunger on the way, but they don't leave the restaurant before they leave. The rice balls were handled until smooth, satisfying and satisfying for everyone, which is the end of the service resolution with heart, skill, Tamutami Kiku of the people of the rising sun, and the place that has changed. Read more: Chiang Mai changes in the rhythm of "Ta Ton Yeon" today at "Kad Luang" In Chiang Mai is not the same, small hotel operators in Chiang Mai. Sing a correction Hotel Act
Daddy's darn tofu with daughter's tofu: pass on the original deliciousness over time.|It is not always necessary that everything changes over time. But some things may add up, such as Have a nice bean tofu, where the 3rd generation heir saw what she ate instead of water since childhood that could be used to build on Papa's bamboo leaf wrapped.    Teochew questions mixed with Thai and mixed with Papa Thaweephol's small concerns. Reliance Pho Charoenpan The owner of the darn tofu wrapped in bamboo leaves of the globe brand in Chiang Mai province, when the Thai PBS team arrived online in the morning, was invited to eat porridge and 2-3 other side dishes on the table. Like celery, pickled ginger. Because at home in the Agong era, I was already running a pickle factory, but at that time it was just a "hand" to help pick up all kinds of things that Ah Kong told me, together with 2 other brothers. Even though some recipes fade along with it, I remember the recipe accurately and do it no matter how many times. The taste never changes is "darn tofu" because it has always sold well and customers are attracted to it. When the news team asked Papa to tell me the recipe, Papa said with a laugh, "I don't know", he taught everyone by showing it. Times change with unchanged tofu flavors. For more than 60 years, without a recipe ratio cookbook, and just passing it on to generations, Papa Thaweep uses his expertise and passion for his profession. Fill with honesty with customers to make tofu wrapped in bamboo leaves is another Chinese food of Chiang Mai people that is still popular for a long time until now. Reliance Pho Charoenpan That was 5-6 years ago. She lives like a normal person. Graduate, work. Send money to the house, but the turning point that makes The daughter of a darn tofu factory who at that time worked in the advertising industry. Back to continue the business of bamboo leaf wrapping tofu of Papa Thaweephol. She wants to come back to live with her family, including the motivation of her friends from school in Chiang Mai. It will have to go through the process of tofu juice before. You rain Choose to cut the tofu juice separately into a bottle and add tofu bubbles to create more prominence for the brand. Have a nice bean of its own, it will be difficult to communicate because Papa will not understand what the word "pre-order" is, even though at first it was full of objections and worried that the only daughter of the house who chose to leave almost 6 figures of salary to expand the business at home will survive or not. From the project to open a porridge and tofu shop because they want to make a shop for the elderly to eat rather than opening a café according to the classic problem that every home faces. Especially if the topic is about "change" from the same things that have been done for half a decade together with Papa Thaweephol's nearly 30 years of different life experiences with his daughter, such as selling online. Advertising through various social media platforms that Papa simply said, "Papa doesn't understand. Papa had only TV and newspapers." Numbers come to control of her daughter, but Papa insists, "It only takes skill. Although the aim is the same good product quality, but during the journey of these 2 fathers and sons, it is not always the same, Khun Fon admits that it is difficult as well to make the real owner of the recipe accept and understand the changing way of selling products that must respond to the needs of people nowadays and more importantly respond to Papa's health, the owner of the recipe as well. To open up the modern world for Papa to see the old ways. Since Papa was a teenager, it has been gradually changed little by little to support Papa in his 70s. Khun Fon took Papa to meet the retirement gang at the Retirement Market so that Papa could meet friends of the same age every 1st and 3rd weekend of each month and took Papa to Café Hopping to look at his own cans of bamboo tofu wrapped in bamboo leaves through Chiang Mai's health stores in the 2023 era. Reliance Pho Charoenpan is really great.
"Young" Traveling Camera - Photography Contractor|When the passion for travel that comes with photography, 2 young people who are fascinated by film camera quit their full-time job carrying their favorite camera to pursue their dreams. Pin "Mae Kha Canal", Chiang Mai Province, hired to take pictures as income. Year 1 Photo photography service at a low price to fulfill the experience of Nong Tam and Nong First, 30 years old, a couple who love photography and love to travel at the same time, both decided to quit their full-time jobs to find themselves because they saw that their full-time jobs made them feel tired, stressed, and had no time. After COVID-19 eased, I chose Mae Kha Canal as a photo hire location. Nong Tam told Thai PBS Online that coming to Chiang Mai since November 2022 is the winter season, there will be a lot of tourists and he expects to stay in Chiang Mai until the end of the month. Feb2023 As for which province to visit next, he has not planned to take pictures at a price of 59 baht per bag for 2 Polaroid cameras, 1 of which his father bought for him and saved money to buy 1 for himself. Because it makes the image clear and can be stored for 10 years, and the reason I like film cameras is because the image turns out to be charming. There is a classic in it, the image obtained from a Polaroid camera. Small storage in phone case The majority of customers are teenagers to working age, as well as teenage photographers who settle down to take photos of tourists at the Mae Kha Canal. "Nong Chon" or Miss Chon Thang Cha, 19 years old, a 1st year student of Chiang Mai Rajabhat University, who has started photography since the Mae Kha Canal began to open as a tourist attraction, Nong Chon told about the beginning of photography that during high school, he learned photography and videography, but he had a passion and aptitude for still life, so he wanted to use his photography skills to earn money to help ease the burden of his family and wanted to buy what he wanted. Without bothering parents with money. The parents were supportive, who saw it as a camera experience to take pictures. It is a camera that my father bought as a gift when he entered university and is saving money to buy 1 more camera in the evening after school every day, Nong Chon will sit down and set up a sign for a photo hire for 30 pictures for 100 baht at this Mae Kha canal before collecting his belongings around 2 p.m. and returning home which is not too far away. Each day, there will be 4-5 customers using the service, the income will be 400-500 baht per day, and the finished photos will be decorated and will be sent to customers within that night. Jobs in Chiang Mai In terms of price, it will be 300-500 baht depending on the number of hours that the customer wants. Because it is seen as training in photography skills, collecting experience, collecting portfolios, and most importantly, doing what you love for "Mae Kha Canal" is considered as 1 of the 7 Chaimongkol. In 1839, the Mae Kha Canal was an outer moat that surrounded the city, draining water into the Ping River and was also an important canal. Clean water and food sources have been a thoroughfare for the community for a long time due to the expansion of the community. Many agencies have jointly developed rehabilitation to revive the current "Mae Kha Canal". This small 750-meter canal has been landscaped to create a beautiful new tourist attraction in Japanese style that is one of the top attractions for tourists who must stop to take photos when visiting Chiang Mai. There are a lot of shops. There are also restaurants, drinks, and confectionery shops that are ready to decorate their shops and houses in a Japanese style, allowing visitors to visit, stroll, and take photos every day, but many shops are open on Saturdays and Sundays. :former Present, the future "Elephant Interpreting Community" and Lanna Conservation Today at "Kad Luang" On a day when Chiang Mai is not the same, Chiang Mai changed in the rhythm of "Ta Ton Yon".
Tam Hittoi Hoi on Hip Road: Nimmanhaemin|If facing Doi Suthep, there are 2 roads that go straight into Doi, one is Suthep Rd. and the other is Huay Kaew Rd. "Nimmanhaemin Road" from donating land to build Chiang Mai University of Nimmanhaemin family tree. The vacant area was constructed as a housing estate and had Nimmanhaemin Road It is the path of cultural and economic prosperity to converge. The size of the area is not large, the allocation of the plan of the area with alleys penetrating all the way to each other, thus Nimman has created a small community in no time and has continuously developed the community since Nimmanhaemin more than 30 years ago. It was the heyday of art making. Create many works of art, especially Nimmanhaemin. Artists gathered in Soi 1 until one day a group gathered to exhibit "Nimmanhaemin Art & Design Promenade" or NAP, which is one of the cultures of the Nimmanhaemin community that NAP must be held every year as it becomes more known. "People" began to travel more and more. Businesses followed. Starting from a coffee shop business that builds on artists in Soi 1 who open a shop to earn money to rent a place to open a gallery of works, it has become a model for many entrepreneurs who want to earn money. Nimman Soi 1 Relive the Past The changes occurred in the small alley area of Nimman community when Nimman began to grow. People in Chiang Mai began to spread to Nimman more and more, along with many educational institutions in that area. Nimmanhaemin Road has become an economic area. The charm of the arts community began to disappear and was replaced by businesses, and the more entertainment venues opened, the more motivated Nimman had to work almost 24 hours a day. Rental operators must find a way for their rental shops to make as much money as possible, not for more income, but because of increased competition. "Open day café, open night pub bar" in the last 10 years. Data from the Treasury Department Land appraisal in Nimmanhaemin area It has always been among the top 5 most expensive estates in Chiang Mai. In 2019, the land price in Nimman district was 180,000 baht per square wah or 72 million baht per rai. Gradually devouring the charm of the city. Many owners choose to turn their homes into stores. Others chose to sell their abandoned land because they couldn't stand the density of tourists and nearby shops, but while the original residents tried to unite, pushing for organizing Nimman, once tourists chose to visit Nimman because they wanted to experience Lanna art in each era. Stories are conveyed through music, canvas, clothing and coffee shops, but when capital groups come and go unblocked, Nimman loses almost all of its charm. Not only tourists who come will not see the chic. But entrepreneurs who are not local people or locals also do not experience or transmit the Nimman way as well, Nimman is no different from anywhere else around the world that has been affected by COVID-19. Virtually every store in this chic area has had to close. No one thought that a community that was open almost 24 hours would become a quiet, non-crowded place like it was before COVID-19 hit. Entrepreneurs say that if compared to the times of COVID-19. It's like lying sick in the ICU without a doctor or nurse to help. Multiple lockdown measures Open Country Tourists come to Nimman and are now recovering from illness and getting a little better. One Nimman district explained that the picture is clearer than when Chiang Mai did not have PM2.5. During the transition period, it is a place to see the culture and stories of Chiang Mai's past, from land donation to the development of the area to become an art space. Until it is the economic center of Chiang Mai, it is undeniable that every passing day will inevitably change. When I say that the change that changed Nimman The culprit is the capital group that comes in. But if you still hope Nimman will retain the charm of hip streets. Caught wind on Chiang Mai's tourist attractions like 20-30 years ago, it must help revive the swallowed charm of "Nimmanhaemin". Read more: Past Present, the future "Elephant Interpreting Community" and Lanna Conservation Today at "Kad Luang" On a day when Chiang Mai is not the same, Chiang Mai changed in the rhythm of "Ta Ton Yon".
Look at "Chiang Mai" for over 700 years with the eyes of historians-architects.|Visit the North Talk to a historian about architecture in Chiang Mai Lanna-style buildings and the arrival of foreign cultures look at Chiang Mai city that is more than 700 years old. It seems to have been a long time and has changed through many generations. politics government Community, People The transition of an era with people The community drives the city with architecture, residences, temples, and households, all reflecting each moment." Lecturer, Faculty of Architecture, Chiang Mai University Historical Specialist Architecture and urban conservation told me that Lanna architecture is divided into several groups, mainly houses, temples, palaces, all are elements of the city. Currently, the palace is missing. The context of society has changed, but the house is still there. The temple still stands. It is used to ritualize the character of Lanna architecture. It is not grand compared to Western architecture or any other region in the world, it is humble architecture with nature, coexists with the environment. Use materials seen in the environment. Dr. Charnnarong continued that during the arrival of Western people, especially after King Rama 5 onwards, we had forest concessions to England, which the British brought in construction technology. Whether it's large masonry, arches, Western decoration patterns, such as Kum Chao Burirat (Mahain) is one example of a combination.      "Lanna architecture blended, became another era of architecture, starting with Lanna architecture as wood, developed by incorporating incoming technology from Burma, western China, and the future believes that there will be modern technology." When technology The social context and people have changed, and people's tastes have changed, and architecture has also changed, Dr. Channarong said. Received culture from Burma and Bagan, especially the artisans who came to do religious work, decoration work. The next stucco work in the era of Lanna is the golden age. Get the culture from Sukhothai along with the Lankan religion. Later, they received culture from China, including patterns, wares, wood and sheep, as well as various technological innovations when the train reached. Modern technologies like concrete and wrought iron came in, and then Western culture was adopted. The Victorian era will be found to have gingerbread architecture, so Chiang Mai has blended and become a character, such as Kum Chao Burirat (Mahain), a 130-year-old building that is now a Lanna architecture center. Lanna house and western roof structure, the original architecture has been modified. When the social context changes People change and people's lifestyles change. "Dr. Charnnarang" gives an example. Ruen Thai Lanna The Calais house is raised under the basement is an open house. "At some point we need to adopt a new way of life. The house must have Western Chinese furniture. There must be a screen. There's a parking lot. The basement where the wagon used to be parked is not being used. Therefore, some periods of contemporary houses have not disappeared. But the masonry was closed to use the basement of the house, from the wagon park to the car park. It did not disappear, but was "modified", except for some families whose homes have few members. The children went to work elsewhere, leaving only the old ones. When an old man dies, there are two options: abandon it or give it to the temple. This phenomenon has always happened, especially in the boss's house. When the owner of the house dies, The children did not want to live, they gave it to the temple and the abandoned house, probably because of economic wisdom. At the same time, "Chiang Mai" was revived with a tourism economy. Descendants who see the potential of those houses. Seeing examples from all over the world restored it, which is good because the buildings were not utilized and abandoned. Dr. Charnnarong said that it is about the use and design of the company, and I believe it is the duty of architects and designers to know how to maintain the style and spirit of architecture. If you do not see any traces of the identity and spirit of the architecture, it is considered that we can not fully utilize and maintain the identity, but the young architect is considered to be good. Many well-designed buildings retain the character and identity of those buildings for people to admire the renovation and renovation. History and study of the stories of those buildings are important. Capture the characters and adapt them to new lifestyles and functions. He said that architecture has evolved over time, and that change has its criteria or rules. The context of society, technology, is the determinant and the key rule that causes architecture to change, asks if it is wrong for the original architecture to change. Depending on how we use the newly developed architecture in line with the way we live, the key question is not how architecture will evolve and innovate, but the right question is how people can coexist with that architecture. In the context of society and environment, "Chiang Mai is a wonderful city, unique and has always been accepted, exchanged, modified and resisted. The good thing about Chiang Mai is to get good things to improve. What is bad is chosen and then eventually disappears. The architecture is the same, each era, each era. Dr. Charnnarong believes that whenever the city is alive, the city still has a soul, accepting new architectural works will have an opportunity. Dr. Charnnarong as an architecture teacher and historian. How to teach the new generation, what to teach, and what do children need to know today, said the Faculty of Architecture, Chiang Mai University. All courses include subjects related to the history and preservation of architecture, not knowing one's own history. It means that he has not learned the good things or the mistakes of the past. Therefore, the faculty will nurture a new generation of architects to understand history and conservation. Architectural value is not only physical value that can be seen or tangible. But what underlies tangible is the spirit of spiritual architecture, the way of life of the people who live inside. Outside environment Landscape and a broad picture of the city where the architecture is located. Most importantly, how architecture coexists in a balanced context means that he has already set out to live in this city. Living in a blend of environments Therefore, how can the future of architecture be with the city in balance, in line with what Phaya Mangrai has laid down since the former experts of history. Architecture and urban preservation reflect that Chiang Mai City The good thing is about the spirit of the city. The culture and traditions that remain and the people are strong. Environment and cultural heritage, but what needs to be moved forward is management, infrastructure, mass transit. In the future, if the flag for the city to go in which direction it will go, it will become clearer, Chiang Mai city has few directions. We can move with culture, tourism, but how to use tourism as cultural capital perfectly? Present, the future "Elephant Interpreting Community" and the conservation of Lanna "Wat Ton Kwan Temple" The prototype conserves Lanna architectural buildings today at "Kad Luang". On a day when Chiang Mai was not the same, Tam Hittoi Hoi on the hip street: Nimmanhaemin
"Betong" colorful Amazing Betong Festival|Colorful lights are illuminated throughout the city, Betong district, Yala province. This evening, one of four events held simultaneously at the Amazing Betong Festival from February 9-19, includes city-wide illuminations, a food festival and a taste of Betong city's specialties. The OTOP Expo and running, drink, eat, check in @ Betong activities held simultaneously make the atmosphere in Betong city very lively. Almost all hotels are fully booked. The restaurant is crowded with visitors, especially during the Betong Food Festival, where local food and fruits from the southern border provinces and other regions are sold to tourists, such as Betong Shokul oranges or chicken Kor. Makri Yuzo said that he married his wife who is Thai of Chinese descent and inherited it from his wife's family in Kui Chai desserts, so it was converted into Halal Kui Chai snacks. It is expected to generate hundreds of millions of baht in a single week. After the last 3 months of the end of 2022, Betong District has only generated more than 300 million baht in revenue only for tourists who pass through border checkpoints.
"Red Car Teen" Tour - Free Photographer Increase the choice of tourists.|Red car Chiang Mai adapted, chartered tours with additional photography services is another option for tourists to enjoy tourism and also get beautiful photos back to the souvenir "Red Car" or "Red Four-Wheeler" is considered unique to Chiang Mai city and is the main mass transit system. If you come to Chiang Mai If you don't ride a red car, it's like you haven't arrived today. For those who have never been to Chiang Mai, may be worried about traveling. No car, but now it's no longer a concern. Whether there is already a program The red car will take you to the intended program. The red car will create to experience nature with the true Chiang Mai, there is also an additional photo service for tourists. It can be said that you can come to Chiang Mai to pay a one-time charter fee for both tour drivers and get beautiful photos back as souvenirs. Mr. Phuthawat Singha, 29, driving a red car entering his sixth year, told Thai PBS Online. After graduating, he drove a red car after his father from his father's generation who drove passengers around the city, then converted to a charter service to take tourists to Chiang Mai and neighboring provinces by gathering with friends who are teenagers as an alternative for tourists to choose to use the service with the group of teenagers. There are now 16 cars in the team, packages start at 1,500 baht, depending on how many days the customer is coming. The reason for choosing a career as a red driver is because it is freelance and happy. Enjoy what you do and use what you learn to improve your work as most tourists like to take photos to keep as memories when visiting those places. However, sometimes they get untouching shots, or some people traveling alone will lose their memories by volunteering to take photos for tourists. Some tourists ask to take pictures for them, so it is a starting point as a side service in addition to driving tours and graduating in communication arts. Practice photography for your teammates too. However, when tourists post photos on social media, it is considered to promote Chiang Mai's tourism as well if tourists who have never been to Chiang Mai and do not have plans. She said she had to ask her where she wanted to go. Want to visit the highlights of Chiang Mai such as Doi Inthanon Mon Jam? This will help guide the program, accommodation, counseling, and whether to choose the service or not. Nong F said that it is okay because he has done a good host job and asked for an alternative for tourists, but if the program is done, you can choose to use the red car service as well. Both chargers and chargers. Fans, extra seats, Bluetooth music, cup holders, as well as tailgate to ensure the safety of tourists with red cars. There are also services for schools where students and faculty go on field trips or outdoor activities. The Montfort College teacher said that the school has chosen to use the Red Car service to take students to see the event, which the school has chosen to use and work with the Red Car regularly in many school activities due to the convenience of staffing. Moving people during the COVID-19 pandemic without tourists The profession of driving a red car is just as impactful as other professions. Everyone has to adapt to a side job. Some went on to work in construction. Food delivery service to other jobs to sustain yourself in the old days when there were many red cars parked on the side of the road. And most of the red drivers are middle-aged to elderly, the red car is considered one of the characteristics that should continue to stay with Chiang Mai, and the red car is also another alternative to Chiang Mai public transport with Nong F. Now it has become a civilized city. I would like to see the development of tourism, better care of the transport system. Develop tourism to motivate people Related News :former Presently, the future of "Elephant Interpreting Community" and the conservation of Lanna Chiang Mai that has changed in the rhythm of "Ta Tonn Yeon".
"Tricycle" without a new generation of successors, countdown to legend|"Tricycle" unique to Chiang Mai, the remaining 28 cars, no new generation to inherit this profession. Only the number will decrease. Soon it will become a legend in the end. Another unique and part of the ancient culture that has been in Chiang Mai for a long time, the world changes with the passage of time. In the past, pedal tricycles were very popular cars. There are many vehicles happening, including cars, motorcycles, that are fast and convenient to travel. People have more options to use public transport. As a result, nowadays people use pedal rickshaws less and less, just like people spinning tricycles that have decreased in number along with the past, pedal tricycles are common in Chiang Mai. Customers who use the service are locals who take their children to school, to the market or to run various errands, but nowadays the pedal tricycle is not easy to find, Uncle Chan sitting waiting for customers on the tricycle in Kad Luang or Kad Warorot district. Uncle Chan, 67, told Thai PBS Online that he has been riding tricycles to earn money for his family for more than 50 years. He said that he has been riding tricycles for more than 40 years, some days customers come to use the service 1-2 times a day, but when the COVID pandemic had to take a temporary break, income did not come in at all. Some people want to try riding a tricycle, but most of them will go a very short distance, such as Wat Chedi Luang and Wat Phra Singh by Lung Chid will wait for customers from 08.00 – 16.00 every day to ride the tricycle to park at an acquaintance's house. Before hitchhiking home outside the city, in the morning, he would take a bus to the parking spot and ride a tricycle into the city. Because there is no one to continue, Uncle Manit, 71 years old, who loves this profession. He said that he has been riding tricycles since his youth, but there are many agencies that help and promote tourism to preserve this Lanna way to remain along with Chiang Mai. Miss JITMERTA NANTAKWANG Chairman of Chiang Mai Rotary Tricycle Project Revealed that at present, there are only 28 tricycles in Chiang Mai, all of whom are elderly people between 60-85 years old. Repair, emphasizing cleanliness, changing the image, costumes, including basic language training to have a standard of tourist service, as well as promoting tourism to make the tricycle more known, which has been done continuously for 7-8 years, many people may not dare to use the tricycle service because the tricycle rider is elderly, but in fact, all riders have a strong body. It's called good force. Because I have ridden the tricycle exercise every day. In addition to being one of the uniqueness of Chiang Mai, it is also a journey without air pollution because it uses purely human labor. Chill out like Slow life, experience the lifestyle of people on both sides of the road, and most importantly, generate income for uncles who ride with tricycles, professions that are all old people, and with this profession there are no new generations to continue because it is considered an uninteresting profession. And in the future, we may only see tricycles pedaling in hotels, restaurants, tourist shows, or in photographs. Related News: "Red Car Teen" Tour - Free Photographer Increase the choice of Chiang Mai tourists who have changed in the rhythm of "Ta Ton Yon".
Do you feel anything? When to Visit "Chiang Mai" In the landscape architecture corner|Ever questioned the "peace of mind" in Chiang Mai? The reason may lie in the "Lanna" and "landscape" when going anywhere. Why do some cities feel friendly, but why are some cities already not like that, people go to "Chiang Mai". Do you feel this way? How do people go to "Chiang Mai"? There is a concept called "Genius loci" (Genius loci) in Roman mythology. Refers to a place that has a special atmosphere or the spirit of that place"Master Pong" Vorong Wonglangka. Landscape Architecture Lecturer Faculty of Architecture, Chiang Mai University Expand and give examples to visualize that the city of Chiang Mai If people in Thai culture, Lanna culture come to live, they may feel familiar. Walking here, I found a small temple, found a small house and a big shade while going to some places, it may feel uncomfortable, lonely, not refreshing. Linked to the environment, soil, water, air and the original environment where trees or animals can coexist, it is a landscape architectural management where many cities are located in different environments. There are different ideas and beliefs. This makes the appearance of each city different according to legend. Phaya Mangrai built the city of Chiang Mai according to 7 auspicious victories, both vision and location, namely Doi Suthep. Ping River has Mae Kha water. There are seven lotus swamps, there are albino fans (keng), there are taro rats, and there is a large vegetable tree "Master Pong". Speaking from the perspective of landscape architecture. Since the establishment of the city, the physical aspect has been to organize the empty space into a gathering place. Manage the ground to have a living factor. There is water. There's roads, there's a diversion. There is protection against danger from enemy enemies. The wind is well flowing and the sun is imaginary. Religion and belief are involved. These are the main ideas of the body assembly to become the city of Chiang Mai, the area is not only air and soil, but also history. Stories, bonds. There are trees, animals, the influence of light. Wind and stars Which direction will the temple face, what trees will be planted in front of the house, or the preservation of the existing waterways in the city? If you adjust the space without thinking about it like this, history The way of thinking and believing will be forgotten." Take for example an important waterway like "Mae Kha Canal", one of the 7 auspicious triumphs of Chiang Mai 30 years ago. People along the canal played in the water, but as the city expanded, The Mae Kha Canal serves as just a small drainage trench behind the house. People don't care because there is water coming from the plumbing. There is water coming from the tap. "The canal that used to be preserved from the ancestors turned into a sewage channel because no one paid attention to the area there." This is one example when asked if pushing the Mae Kha Canal to become a new tourist spot will have an impact. Answer: If there is a push to make the Mae Kha Canal a tourist attraction without ignoring the eco in the old Mae Kha Canal. The Mae Kha Canal will be a waterway area and next to it is an area for foreigners to visit. If development does not look primarily at ecology. The values that once existed may simply disappear trying to change the city. From the architect's point of view, he sees it not as trying to make it prosperous, but as trying to increase the number of options, which should at least realize the value of the cultural landscape. These things have become so familiar that it does not raise questions because few people here have ever explored the trees around the moat. About 40,000 trees, over 600 species of vegetation, all kinds of plants, all kinds are all medicines, but no one uses them if we learn the cultural landscape extensively. What has been forgotten will be brought back to Chiang Mai with potential. There are good investors who want to come in. There are many drives that many cities can't do, but Chiang Mai should have a better environmental perspective. We want to be a Smart City, but now we want to be a city with walkable sidewalks and shaded trees along the way. For example, Singapore, which has no resource costs, is a seaside city with high-rise buildings, but attracts people to do business from both the west and east sides. There is a nice corridor. Parking is appropriate. There is a common area that can walk from the office to sit and rest. You don't have to pay for coffee before you can sit down, while Chiang Mai is a city with many temples, it is safe for everyone, but now some temples look like parking lots. With the participation of civil society, I believe that Chiang Mai will be a better place when people talk about landscape architecture. We as watchers and caregivers may help manage the factors that will make it "beautiful" and that the people who live here remember the beauty and "feel comfortable" to be here. Countdown to the legend of "Karen Woven Fabric" Ban Laing Kaew, new design on the old tradition looking "Chiang Mai" more than 700 years with the eyes of historian-architect "Red Car Teenager" Tour - Free Photographer Increase the choice of tourists.
Thai iced tea ranks among the top 10 best non-alcoholic drinks in the world|Fans of orange tea with milk all over Thailand must cry! When the most popular drink at almost every office has to be ordered almost every day. Top 7 Best Non-Alcoholic Drinks in the World"Thai Iced Tea" Or some people may call it "iced tea", "Iced milk tea", or some people are afraid of ordering it wrongly, it is called "orange tea with milk with ice". Ranked as one of the top 10 non-alcoholic beverages in the world, Tasteatlas, who reviewed and ranked Thailand's orange curry as one of the 12 worst foods in the world, explained why "Thai iced tea" is ranked among the top 10 best non-alcoholic beverages in the world. Darjeeling tea, a famous tea named after the Indian city of Darjeeling9. Ristretto, meaning "limited" in Italian, is an espresso coffee that is extracted with half of the normal amount of water. This results in a stronger drink.8. El Submarino, a thick piece of dark chocolate that is added to hot milk and stirred, has become Argentina's famous hot chocolate.7. Thai iced tea6. Salep A Turkish health drink that uses the stems and tubers of wild orchids to grind and mix with hot milk. Fill with Ginger and cinnamon5. Horchata A Mexican drink that uses rice in water, mixed with cinnamon, and squeezed with creamy water. It has a sweet and aromatic aroma 4. Mint Magreby tea is a blend of green tea and fresh mint leaves to a sweet, typical of the Maghrebi region in North Africa.3. Chai Masala It is black tea with milk mixed with spices such as cardamom, ground ginger, cloves, cinnamon and black pepper. Aguas Frescus means "fresh water" in Latin America, but the taste is not as tasteless as the name suggests. Hong Kong milk tea Ingredients of black tea leaf juice Sweetened condensed milk Sugar The brewing method requires silk stockings or stockings, a drink that combines Chinese tea culture and British afternoon tea. Source: Tasteatlas
"Pa Tong Ko" ranked 5th in the world for street desserts|"Patongo" ranked among the world's top 5 best street food desserts in the world Behind TasteAtlas, a famous website ranked The strangeness point is that it is formed in double shapes and developed strangely, such as dinosaurs, dragons. Global Food & Beverage TasteAtlas recently ranked Thailand's "Pa Tong Ko" as the world's fifth best street food dessert. With a rating of 4.5 stars, the reason why "Pa Tong Go" is a popular snack that Thai people grind in Chinese is called Youpeng. To make a cruller, mix flour, yeast, ammonia for making bread. Alum powder Warm water, salt, sugar and baking powder, then form into flour, then oil, set aside, and cut into long strips. To give the crumler a memorable shape, fry it in hot oil until it is colored. Inflated and slightly crispy, innovative. In molding crackers that go beyond the traditional ones have emerged over the years. Patongo can be seen in many unusual shapes, such as dinosaurs or dragonsRead more Thai iced tea ranks among the top 10 best non-alcoholic beverages in the world while exploring morning markets and night markets. Many places that have patongo for sale found that not only the trend of patongo desserts in the world but many provinces that are popular to eat patongo with tea and coffee, such as Trang city, are also fascinated by the charm of sipping coffee with patongo or some even eat stove water as well. It has been applied to make dinosaur shapes for 20 baht per person, and in Yaowarat district, there is a patong go grill topped with custard and milk, increasing the choice and developing the recipe to keep up with the era of Mr. Sombat Suwanmanop. The owner of Gopi said he was very proud and happy that he had cooked patongo and iced tea. Trending in the world's most delicious food This resulted in good feedback, increased sales. From the original preparation of 30 kilograms of dough, it has now increased to 40-50 kilograms, while the normal selling price is 5 baht per pair. 15 baht per pair from the Thai tea stream Pa Tong Ko also makes other menus such as dim sum, pork rib noodles, pork porridge, fish porridge also sell well. 
NEW GEN CHINATOWN Transitional breath|What reflects Chinatown, in addition to being a source of trade that sells various types of products. Restaurant Restaurant The opening of a food shop in front of the house and the renovation of the old building to a new Chinese style to accommodate tourists make the Chinatown area attractive as there is a new generation to continue the business from the grandfather's generation. Grandparents Agong A-Ma Mr. Rachat Charoenphimsakul or "Ten Thoun", the 4th generation heir of the fish shop Surf Ko Savoey, said that the beginning of the fish shop Surf Ko Savoey Born from Agong Ama who migrated from China to open the first branch at Thewet for 70 years, later his father took over the resale at Chinatown, the 4th generation heir to the fishing shop. This resulted in 2-3 income streams, Mr. Rachat said, but before the shop fried surf koh fish, but now there is grilled surf koh fish. There is an idea that the younger generation wants to eat less of that food. When grilled surfing fish Bring it out to make the fish surf go crispy, while Mr. Phum Somboonkulwut, owner of Pa Hao or Ba Hao, meaning number 8, said that he likes to travel and in the past, Chinatown did not have many bars that were Chinese-style. Thai-Chinese descent, not Chinatown and only found food I would like tourists to have a variety of restaurants for Pa Hao, renovating old buildings on the corner of Nana Road and Soi Panjit and Maitrejit Road. It is a bar serving cocktails and serving a variety of Chinese styles, a business that has been passed from the older generation to the new generation during the transitional lifestyle of Chinatown.  
Eat crab all year round in Ban Nam Rab community. Trang|Ban Nam Rab Community Tourist Attraction Bangsak Subdistrict, Kantang District, Trang Province Crab Ink Nursery Example of area utilization of resources Interdependence until it is expanded into community tourism Eat crab all year round "Ban Nam Rab" The coastal community is located at: The community was originally named "Ban Nam Rob" because of the surrounding water streams in all directions. and mainly engaged in local fishing. This is a community tourism enterprise, Ban Nam Rab. In 2014, it was famous for its rafting tourism. The highlight that attracts people is the creation of the crab bank and the squid egg bank, which was born by the gathering of local fishing communities currently with 200 members. You will have to visit the crab bank and ink bank first, then release the ink and release the crab back into the sea, and sail to plant mangrove forest on the heart-shaped island takes about 3-4 days. Hours for tourists who come to raft Ban Nam Rab He said that he was from Bangkok, he had just come here for the first time, he was very impressed and also came to participate in the release of horse crab breeds. The nature is beautiful, pristine come to visit and get merit, I want to have this kind of activity again. If arranged, it will come to visit again for the trip, tourists will take about 3 hours rafting, a distance of about 3 kilometers on the side. Miss Ladawan Chuachat, Director of TAT Trang Office Said that the community tourism activities Ban Nam Rab Reinforcing the image of Trang Yutchak province of deliciousness. Andaman charm, a paradise for foodies, selling the story of soft Power, selling lifestyle, so we invite tourists to visit nature.
"Mario Kart 8 Deluxe" will be released on March 9.|Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is set to unveil eight new tracks in WAVE 4 on March 9, one of which is Bangkok Rush, bringing Bangkok to the game. Drawing the attention of many Thai and foreign game fans, it has become a trend on social media. Mario Kart Rear 8 Deluxe 8 new courses will be unveiled in WAVE 4 of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe's Booster Course Pass. on 9 Mar 2023 One of the new stadiums was added. Inspired by Bangkok, Thailand, Bangkok Rush will allow players to experience many familiar landmarks such as the Swing Pillar, Floating Market, BTS Skytrain Station, Democracy Monument, Ferris Wheel, and uniquely shaped buildings. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, the number one selling racing game on Nintendo Switch with over 48 million copies sold (as of 31 Dec 2022) New Stage - Yoshi's IslandMario Kart Tour - Amsterdam Drift, Singapore Speedway, and Bangkok RushMario Kart Wii - DK's Snowboard CrossMario Kart: Double Dash - Waluigi StadiumMario Kart DS - Mario CircuitMario Kart: Super Circuit - Riverside Park Read related newsGamers flock to book! Shin-chan games on Nintendo Switch in some countries open for reservations 14 Japanese baht Super Nintendo World to welcome the 2020 Olympics 
Behind the scenes of "Thai Girls" photographer at the 2023 Academy Awards|Opening of the path of Thai photographer "Pupe-Jutarat Pinyodulyajet" Behind the scenes of her success, before becoming one of the photographers for the 2023 Academy Awards for The New York Times and a split-second shot of Rihanna-Michelle Yeoh, this year's 95th Academy Awards has become the talk of the town in many ways and has received the same attention as in previous years. Thai PBS Online contacted "Pupe-Jutarat Pinyodulyajet" as soon as she read the story and received a direct reply from the United States. It tells us about the beginning of her career as a photographer. With a passion for street photography called Leave the House. Inspired by world-class photojournalist Martin Parr, after graduating from the Faculty of Communication Arts, Chulalongkorn University, he decided to face the world and headed to the U.S. to study a photography course for a year. She chose to take another challenging path by returning to the U.S. to follow her dream on the world stage. Pupe-Jutarat was given the opportunity to showcase her skills at international media events such as The New York Times. Both news photography From festivals to fashion galas and award shows, she has made great use of her talent and talent, and most recently she was awarded "I'M HERE AT THE OSCARS !!!". Especially when a beautiful mother like "Rihanna" walks up to the end and waves in front of her lens. I was especially impressed with this shot, Michelle. Oh, that's another celebrity, Pupe-Jutarat. Looking forward to this Oscar. She will ever meet and photograph Michelle. But because she loves Everything Everywhere All at Once. She was very impressed with the results of this year's awards. To be able to show off your photography skills at a global awards like this. Many may see it as the pinnacle that makes a photographer proud. But not for Pupe-Jutarat because of working abroad. Like the United States. Everyone is capable and ready to develop themselves. It's a big event today, but there's no guarantee that I'll be back at the Oscars next day. Because there may be new and better photographers coming up. He told Thai PBS Online that working abroad is not difficult, but it is not easy. If you try, you have the opportunity to work with foreign media. Especially in the U.S., where all nationalities now have more space to showcase their skills. "Just don't be afraid, don't give up, don't burn out, the opportunity will definitely come to you." Read related news4 Impressive stories on the Oscars 2023 stageSpecial Report: Who are the Oscars judges? How is it judged? 
Pin "Unfolding Bangkok" backtrack 18-26 Mar|SRT Inviting Thais to join "Unfolding Bangkok" Learn about the important history of the nation before becoming "Hua Lamphong Station" through a light and sound music show celebrating the 126th anniversary of the establishment of the railway on March 18-26. Today (21 Mar 2023) Mr. Ekarach Sriarayanpong Director of Public Relations Center The State Railway of Thailand (SRT) said that SRT, in collaboration with the Creative Economy Promotion Agency, invites the public and tourists to join Unfolding Bangkok Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong) from March 18-26 from 4.00 p.m. to 10.00 p.m. THE WALL 2023: UNFOLDING HUA LAM PHONG HAS 3 ZONES, WHICH WILL BE HELD FROM 7.00 P.M. TO 10.00 P.M. Mughal steam locomotive No. 713 and 715 Prestige car 3rd class bus carriage wooden chair model Platform 4 and 5, as well as a time tour to study the train. Speakers from SRT and train lovers came together to share the history of Thai Railways and Hua Lamphong Station. Thailand's alternative transportation system from the reign of King Rama V to the present There is also an exhibition of life missions in the miniature world of model trains, which are miniature train simulations. On Saturday, March 25, there will be a special train tour KIHA 183 Bangkok-Ayutthaya-Bangkok, where travelers have already booked tour tickets, running out of and out of platform 5 between 07.00-08.10 and 19.45-22.00. Numbers 824 and 850, which travelers have already booked for sightseeing tickets, run out and from platform 5 between 07.00-08.10 and 18.35-22.00, allowing visitors to take pictures of KIHA 183 trains and steam locomotives that are rare to see on this occasion.  
Different meanings? "Radioactive-radioactive"  |The Royal Academy even went so far as to explain the term "radioactive-radioactive". Different meanings. Must be right after cesium-137 news. From the Prachin power plant disappeared mysteriously, surfaced the steel smelting plant. News case sticks containing cesium-137 Lost from a steam power plant in Prachinburi province, where the words radioactivity and radioactivity are still used. Inaccurate in the context of the Office of the Royal Society Post clarification via Facebook Radioactivity and radioactivity have different meanings, according to the Royal Academy Dictionary B.E. 2554. Radioactivity refers to the self-decay of the nucleus of an unstable atom. Gamma rays, which are electromagnetic waves with very short wavelengths and high energy, all ejaculated at very high speeds. In some cases, heat and light energy may occur as well, such as the decay of the nucleus of radium into radioactive radon. Radioactive wasteRead related news, distribute cesium-137 radiation measurement strips to communities within a 5km radius 
6 Thai herbal water to drink to relieve thirst to relieve the heat for the body|Even drinking cold water to quench thirst to cool off the heat, it still can't help much. The Department of Thai Traditional and Alternative Medicine has collected 6 types of herbs that have thirst-quenching properties such as chrysanthemum, Centella asiatica, pandan leaves, quince, okra, lemongrass, traditional plants of China and Japan and have spread into Cambodia. It is a herb that has the effect of being a cold, heat relief, sweating, and also helps prevent high blood pressure symptoms and nourish blood vessels. Remedy for fainting pungent smell; It has a bitter taste and sweet taste, how to use it to brew or boil mixed with sugar to drink, in addition to the chrysanthemum juice is refreshing, it is a "thirst quenching drink", it also has outstanding properties in terms of detoxification in the body, as a mild laxative, helps expel wind, help drain and digest food, making it feel refreshing and comfortable to the stomach. Also, white flower chrysanthemum. If used in combination with mint, bitter bamboo leaves will help relieve cough, according to the Faculty of Pharmacy, Chiang Mai University. Given that Centella Asiatica is an ideal plant to prepare as a drink and food. During the hot weather between 12.00-14.00 hrs, which is the time when the fire element in the universe is strong, it is most suitable for teenagers because it is the age of fire element of the body because of the bitter taste of Centella asiatica. Used to reduce body heat, Centella Asiatica as a tonic. Treatment of skin diseases, neurosis, diuretic. The stalks and leaves are a heart tonic, relieve fatigue, cure diarrhea. Symptoms begin as dysentery. Chinese people use water soluble with sugar as a remedy for heat in relieve bruising and fatigue well. Properties in Chinese texts say that the leaves are slightly bitter, slightly spicy, very cold, or cold. In China, it is used to expel heat, diuretic. antitoxin, anti-swelling Use in flu symptoms Use in food poisoning Use 15-30 g (dry) to nourish the liver. Take a 250 gram boil in sugar. It is also used to neutralize toxins in Lanna medicine. Recipes found in the vegetables include anti-epi (heat stroke or when hungry), cancer medication Krut (headache on one side very much), wind medicine (cramping) and ghost medicine of the League with other drugs as a participation. Squeezed water Asiaticosides are most common. It has anti-inflammatory effect, helps strengthen collagen to the skin. It can also inhibit itching, help inhibit ringworm, and water extracts can also help reduce purulent infections. This makes it suitable to use as an external product to reduce inflammation of oral ulcers, and many people may be familiar with it for cooking. Pandan leaves have more properties than you think because in addition to being a cold remedy to relieve heat in the thirst, moisten the throat, it also has properties to nourish the heart, nourish the body, reduce blood sugar levels as well by using pandan leaves, can boil fresh leaves, or if you want to keep it for a long time, take fresh leaves to dry and roast to make tea for drinking. Makes you feel refreshed, cool, relieves fatigue, balances the body, lowers blood pressure. Control blood sugar levels Read related news: 6 Thai herbal recipes Revive sun pigmentation after Songkran, another familiar dried herb. It is a perennial fruit tree. It is found mainly in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Vietnam and has been imported to Thailand until widespread today. Dried raw fruit cures diarrhea, cures dysentery, ripe fruits, laxatives, helps digestion, fresh leaves, juicing edible, cures bronchitis, and root and tree bark. Malaria treatment is commonly used to make "thirst quenching drinks". In summer, because it has properties to relieve heat in thirst, nourish the elements, has a pleasant aroma that makes you feel relaxed, in addition, it helps to resist the growth of bacteria, helps fight viruses, inhibits intestinal spasms, reduces and inhibits blood sugar levels, stimulates the amount of insulin to increase. Reduce inflammation with information from the Department of Thai Traditional and Alternative Medicine. Indicates that okra or okra is considered one of the folk herbs that has wide use. In primary public health, okra is classified as a home herb that is easy to use and highly safe. In addition to being able to make a "thirst quenching drink", there are also further research studies to find the effect of reducing pressure. Another effect of reducing blood lipids with Thai medicine textbooks. Indicates that okra has sour taste, diuretic, expectorant, cough properties, flushing oily mucus in the intestines into the anus. Roselle is also classified as a medicinal plant that has been included in the list of "herbic" medicine manuals in the National Master Medicines List. In addition, 1 in 10 herbs classified by the Department of Thai Traditional Medicine as home medicinal plants for health care. It has a diffused taste. aroma Properties help cure anorexia, nourish elemental fire to prosper. Cure urinary diseases, expel air in the intestines, make appetite. Rhizome part If roasted over the fire to yellow, brew water to eat. Used as a urinary scrub. Cure gallstones Cure light water crippling properties of lemongrass juice is the aroma. Diuretic is a "thirst-quenching drink" that helps to invigorate the mind. However, extreme sweetening should be avoided by adding large amounts of sugar. It may cause negative effects in diabetics as it can affect blood sugar levels.
World-class saab "Somtum-Pla Prawn" Top 10 best salads in the world |TasteAtlas ranks Thai food, somtum and prawn salad. Ranked 6th and 9th in the Top 10 Best Rated SALADS in the World, it is found in Thai restaurants around the world. 
Today (April 22, 2023), TasteAtlas, a website that collects recipes and reviews from food critics around the world, announced that it will be launching a new version of TasteAtlas. Ranked the 10 Best Rated SALADS in the World (2023) or the best salad menu in the world, the results of the ranking are 2 Thai dishes that are ranked this time, namely No. 6 Somtum and No. 9 Pla Kung. Use scores from reviewers around the world Announced on March 27, 2023, "Somtum" received the 6th place in this ranking, the website defines the ingredients of papaya as consisting of raw papaya, thinly sliced into strips, peanuts, lentils, tomatoes, dried shrimp, as well as other ingredients as needed. Sauce containing garlic, chili, fish sauce, palm sugar, lemon juice or tamarind juice This dish has a spicy, sweet, sour taste found mainly in the northeast of Thailand. Depending on the ingredients, somtum is a popular simple salad dish and is available in Thai restaurants around the world. Can be eaten as a main course, a side dish or together with other types of food, tribute to "Pla Prawn" that ranks 9th as a fresh shrimp salad with spicy and sour taste. Featuring lettuce, kaffir lime leaves, coriander and mint leaves topped with a sauce made from chili and lemon juice, this dish can be modified in a variety of ways as well. You can add ingredients and other ingredients as needed. In addition to 2 dishes from Thailand, there are also salads from around the world that are ranked as well. 
What day is today: World Ashma Day|Every first Tuesday of the month May is "World Asthma Day." What must be realized is that this disease is not contagious, but among the "children" patients are the group that is most often diagnosed with chronic asthma. World Ashma Day has been designated by the Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA since 1993) to fall on the first Tuesday of the month. The objective is to pay attention to asthma and raise awareness among people about chronic health conditions and treatments for 2023. This condition causes inflammation and tightness of the muscles around the small airways in the lungs, narrowing the airway With coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath, and chest tightness, asthma is often neglected and not taken seriously. This is especially true in low- and middle-income countries, although there is no cure for asthma. But patients can manage it effectively with inhalers, which allows people with asthma to lead normal lives and reduce symptoms. Department of Mental Health Concern NCPO Uses News of Violence to Raise Social DoubtSource: Indiatimes
Nature lovers should not miss "Butterfly Watching" Ban Krang Camp.|Nature lovers should not miss this summer with butterfly watching activities at Ban Krang Camp, Kaeng Krachan National Park, Phetchaburi Province, home to thousands of butterflies of various species and colors. Waterlogging point Sunlit roads or piles of wildlife dung It's the perfect time to see butterflies in the sun, but not so hot. From morning to noon. From March to June of every year, officials say that Ban Krang will have about 280-400 species of butterflies. Butterflies live 5-10 days and die, some die after spawning, and this year more butterflies than every year. Bird watching Wildlife and Flora Watching Also, with the amazement of the large number of butterflies. The main thing is not to take pictures until you enjoy it, be careful to step on butterflies as well, for the trip can drive into the camp Ban Krang which is 60 baht per person, 30 baht per child, 30 baht per child, foreigners, 300 baht per adult, 150 baht per child, 30 baht per 4-wheel car, and there will be a service car of the park that takes you to see butterflies. Read more news: "Watching butterflies" Ban Krang camp trip wow! Eat crab all year round in Ban Nam Rab community. Trang Tourism Phu Lom Lo See tiger flowers - Walking Doi Children's Flea Market to travel the culture of Krabi community "Baan Koh Klang"
May 4 "Coronation Day" |The Coronation Ceremony is a royal ceremony for the Royal Charity of King Maha Sawetachat Coronation Day of the King Chakri Coronation Day is set according to Coronation Day. His Majesty the King King Rama 10 has graciously set up this ceremony on May 4-6, 2019, so the current Coronation Day falls on May 4 every year. In 2023, His Majesty the King has graciously requested that the ceremony be suspended as he and Her Majesty the Queen will attend the coronation of King Charles III of the United Kingdom on May 6, 2023. Read more: Cabinet to add 1 day special holiday May 5 to the coronation ceremony It has existed since the Sukhothai period, as evidenced in the stone inscription of King Ramkhamhaeng the Great. It was first introduced during his reign. His Majesty the King King Rama IV as per the tradition of the 6th month (corresponding to the month Both front and inner officials who are responsible for maintaining royal and royal gifts will perform internal ceremonies in which the inner party will set up sacrifices, fanfares, and floral offerings. The front will hold a prayer ceremony for King Rama IV's coronation. On Thursday, May 15, 2394 and please the King to arrange charity on the day of His Majesty the King's coronation and give the name "Coronation" of His Majesty King Rama VII. King Rama V was coronated on Wednesday, November 11, 1868, but still held a coronation ceremony in the 6th month as exemplified by King Rama IV. The following year, the Coronation Ceremony was moved from the 6th month to the 12th month and was called the "Assumption of the King Maha Sawetachat". A total of 4 days of royal ceremonies were held. His Majesty the King King Rama VI had 2 coronation ceremonies, namely the coronation ceremony and the commemoration of King Montien. November 11, 1910 and His Majesty the King's coronation on November 28, 1911. King Rama VII performed the coronation ceremony on February 25, 1925. His Majesty King Ananda Mahidol Phra Atmarathibodindar King Rama VIII did not hold a coronation ceremony because there was no coronation ceremony. His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej Boromnathbopit King Rama IX's coronation ceremony is held every May 5 because the coronation ceremony was held on May 5, 1950 and is considered a traditional Thai holiday. After His Death The government has announced in the Government Gazette that May 5 will be the Coronation Day of the Royal Coronation. By the officer summoning the auspicious decoration Siri Benjaraj Then the chief Brahmin teacher read the Coronation Proclamation. Buddhist monks chant evening mantras for royal decorations, including: Bureau of the Royal Family, Office of the Royal Society
What day is today: World Press Freedom Day (Word Press Freedom Day) |UNESCO celebrates May 3 every year as "World Press Freedom Day" to raise awareness of the importance of press freedom around the world. UNESCO has set the theme of the campaign as "Freedom of expression as a driver for all other human rights" or "Freedom of expression is the source of all human rights", meaning that freedom of expression, whether media or people, is a fundamental right that deserves to be protected. In line with the principle of "freedom of the press, freedom of the people" that media professional organizations have always adhered to, as "World Press Freedom Day" 2023 is in the campaign period for Thailand's general election, which will take place on May 14, 2023. It calls on political parties to serve in the House of Representatives in the near future, both government and opposition. Therefore, the following claims are made:1. Protect and protect freedom of expression in various forms, including freedom of the press, freedom of expression, as well as peaceful, peaceful and unarmed political assembly or expression, which is a right provided for in the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand.2. Reform law enforcement related to freedom of expression In order not to be used as a tool to deprive the press and the public of freedom and to solve the problem of the use of the law to silence the media and the public, also known as SLAPP3. Create a mechanism to truly investigate and convict those who harass the media or use violence against media workers. To eradicate the culture of impunity 4. Do not adopt the "Bill on the Promotion of Media Ethics and Professional Standards" Versions that have already been passed in the previous Parliament will be considered again in the future.5. Support effective and independent governance mechanisms in the media industry to raise professional standards and promote media ethics along with media freedom. We would like to cheer for our friends, the media, all branches. Perform duties ethically and protect the interests of the people. Join the fight to promote freedom and oppose the deprivation of liberty, no matter who the perpetrator is or who the party is. : Journalists Association of ThailandRead more news : What day is today? : World Ashma Day
Occupation of making "Chinese noodles" Generate income for people in the community, Suphan Buri Province.|Tha Phra East Community Suphanburi province has been making "Chinese noodles" for more than 50 years until it became a Chinese dessert community and was selected as one of the areas to develop as a community tourist attraction. It is one of the important steps of making Chinese noodles that affect the chewiness and uniqueness until the noodles become famous in the Eastern Tha Phra community. U-Thong U-Thong Originally, the villagers were mainly engaged in farming. U-Thong district that can be farmed once a year. Therefore, the villagers bring colored rice to be processed into noodles for sale. To generate additional income and stick to it as the main occupation. Passed down from generation to generation for more than 50 years, this community has been known as a Chinese confectionery community, each household chooses to produce not many Chinese noodles. The labor and machinery available may have changed with the times, but while some houses still adhere to the traditional way of squeezing rice noodles with their hands. Although the whole community makes Chinese noodles, but there are no marketing problems or competition with customers because the flour used to make Chinese noodles is unique to the whole community, making the noodles at this community tough and delicious. In addition to the characteristics of Chinese noodles with a soft curiosity that makes customers fascinated. Catching Chinese noodles with a handle size that is not very large also enhances the taste of eating them deliciously. Therefore, it is a distinctive feature of Chinese noodles in this community and because of the outstanding quality of Chinese noodles, Tha Phra East community was selected as one area to be developed as a community tourist attraction that the Special Area Development Administration for Tourism has filed in collaboration with Suan Dusit University. Jointly develop business for the Chinese dessert community in order to develop the way of making traditional Chinese desserts to survive and be a source of learning about the culture of the community.
Passengers should be advised not to bring "durian" on the bus.|The BMC issued a notification asking for cooperation to prohibit passengers from bringing "durian" on buses. The incident is in violation of Ministerial Regulation No. 3 (4) by not bringing items that smell strong and annoying to others on the vehicle, which is not only durian but also other smelly foods. Today (3 May 2023) The Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) asks passengers not to bring "durian" on the bus in accordance with the Ministerial Regulation on Safety and Order that Passengers Must Follow During the Ride B.E. 2557, especially Article 3 (4) which states that items with a strong odor that may cause annoyance to others are not allowed on the bus unless they are stored completely without that smell. He asserted that the rule applies not only to "durian" but also to food or other smelly items that may disturb fellow bus passengers. There are passengers complaining on the website. In case of being invited to get off the bus due to durian Even though I tied my mouth in a 2-layer bag and put another layer in a cloth bag, there is still some smell coming out. 40,000 baht monthly hit grill buffet restaurant "Durian" How much does the selling point offset the cost of eating "durian" so it is not dangerous? 
"Craglitter", the new color of the Christmas party|Christmas Party Who said that only girls can enjoy winter fashion? A new trend was born, with bearded men putting ideas on how to make their own unkempt mustache become a futuristic "craglitter". Adding color to the upcoming festive season is as simple as sprinkling glitter or glitter on a shiny beard, becoming the 2015 version of Santa Claus. However, once you are satisfied with the decoration, before posting the image on social media. Bearded boys often wear the hashtag #GlitterBeard and then press the public post button, while the Bored Panda website has set up a thread for boys to send pictures of glitter beards to join the fun. Considering that the bearded fashion today helps many people look good, but there are also quite a few who do not seem successful in transforming into a modern Santa Claus. The two partners, Bren and Jonathan from Oregon, USA, who use the YouTube name The Gay Beards, are constantly looking for ways to decorate their beards, dyed or decorated with rainbows. November 2015 is expected to contribute to the creation of this craglitter trend as well.
Employers should note that 71 percent of employees use bonuses to consider continuing to work.|If asked about the gifts of work over the past year. It is believed that most employees are almost always waiting for bonuses from the organization. A survey conducted by JobsDB Thailand found that 71% of employees use bonuses as the main factor in their decision to continue working with their previous organization or leave for a new job. jobsDB (Thailand) Explore bonus payments for the year 2015 by asking employees in the organization, from junior employees to directors. 5,819 senior vice presidents and chairmen and 271 employers or entrepreneurs from various industries were asked.                                                The survey found that 25 percent do not prioritize bonus payment but see receiving bonuses as one of the rewards of their work. This group of respondents perceived that there were other factors that helped them decide to continue working at the same place, while 21 percent of respondents continued to prioritize bonus payment and would continue to work with the same company if the terms of bonus payment remained the same. Only 4 percent of respondents chose to stay with their current company despite the bonus payment or not, as there were other factors that made them happy to continue working at the same place. 76 percent received guaranteed bonuses. 79 percent received performance-based bonuses, according to the 2015 Bonus Payment Survey. More than half of employers surveyed think the bonus rates they pay are similar to those of other companies in the same industry, in contrast to employees who think the bonuses they receive are lower than other companies in the same industry. Employees think their bonuses are similar to other companies in the same industry. 11% believe their companies pay more bonuses than other companies in the same industry. Employees in the automotive and real estate industries receive bigger bonuses than other groups, followed by the petrochemical industry. Mechanical & Chemical These industries have posted employee bonuses higher than four months this year, with 34 per cent saying they will save up bonuses. 25% will be used to pay off loans or credit card debt. 25 percent invested in insurance, stocks, real estate and bonds, 12 percent spent on what they wanted, 71 percent said they would consider bonuses as a reason to continue working with their current organization, and many employees were ready to change jobs elsewhere. If the current employer pays less bonuses or if they receive better bonus offers from other companies, JobsDB (Thailand) recruitment agency commented that the results of this survey may make employers more aware of the reasons for employees' stay or departure. The survey found that 87 per cent of employers agree that bonus payments are the main factor in employees' stay or go, however, in addition to bonuses, organisations should add other factors that help retain employees. It is also the main factor that applicants use when deciding whether to continue working with their current employer or not. All in all. At present, employees take other equally important factors into consideration to decide their future of work, such as growth opportunities, training, etc. And from now on, entrepreneurs should take into account and be aware of recruiting enough job applicants to fill vacancies after employees leave after receiving bonuses.
"Instagram Husband" Message from husband Bored and then a human selfie stick for his wife.|When taking selfies with a girl's surroundings seems fun, the other person, who is her boyfriend or husband, feels different. There are quite a few who are bored or uncomfortable and gather together to record a video clip reflecting their feelings. Known as "Instagram Hasband", which has recently become a human selfie stick, the international news agency reported that the image of a young woman taking a picture of herself with everything around her that she sees as beautiful has become familiar and common. They will immediately become personal photographers. Reluctantly accepted photographer duties. The video was recorded on Instagram Husband to reveal his feelings that are comparable to his wife's walking man selfie stick, giving the social world a clear expression of boredom on his face and eyes. You have to take pictures for the girls, because whether it's coffee or eating. They are rarely eaten instantly. If not, she or he had to press the shutter from his smartphone or camera and finish uploading the photo to the internet. By saying that I love my lifestyle as it is now, very much, watch the clip.
Where are you going this winter? 5 flower fields and 5 mountains of clouds.|The Meteorological Department's official announcement of winter on October 22, 2015 sends a signal to tourists who are passionate about the cold weather, sea of clouds and Mae Kaning. Start planning your trip because from November to January is the perfect time for the Tong Lotus Festival in Mae Hong Son Province, a field of yellow lotus flowers glittering over 500 rai on Doi Mae U Kho. With 1,600 meters above sea level, the scenery around Bua Tong field is picturesque with cascading mountains grading in layers, including the turn path like a dragon pattern. For those who are interested, admission is free between 06.00-18.00 hrs. Mae Hao Mae Sariang District, Mae Hong Son Province is an equally beautiful flower field tourist attraction because Tong lotus flowers bloom along high and low hills beside the highway for about 2 kilometers. In the tent camping spot provided by the staff, the time of the trip to see is not different from Bua Tong Doi Mae U Kho field. Saraburi - Lopburi - Phetchabun province is not only the northern region, tourists like to visit flower fields, but the lower north and upper central region, or even in the central region, there are beautiful flower fields. Invite lovers of natural beauty to stop by to take a picture of the impression, which is the sunflower blossom festival during the month. November to December of every year, which each year will rotate in each district. The specialty is that each area has different activities. In addition to taking a photo as a souvenir. Tourists also harvest knowledge about how to grow sunflowers. Sunflower seed yield is used to eat sunflower seeds and sunflower seedlings back home. Those who are interested in seeing the sunflower field can go to Khao Din Pattana Chalermprakiat T.Na Yao A.Phra Phutthabat T.Hinson A.Kaeng Khoi Salaengpan Wang Muang Ban Kluai Nong Don and Mittraphap Muak Lek Saraburi province is another place where sunflowers are grown up to 200,000 - 300,000 rai. Pattana Nikhom Chaibadan, but the Chinese Lae hill area near Veluvan Temple. Khok Tum Subdistrict, Muang District, considered the most cultivated area, came to the place to see the sunflower blossom field, the last place is Samphan Pond, Phetchabun Province. Sunflower here is in full bloom in a month. Dec-Jan About 1 month later than others, the sunflower at Sam Phan Pond Field is also more distinctive and beautiful than other places due to its large size. The flowers are large and brightly colored. The surrounding landscape is also a beautiful cascading hill. In a month December of every year Bueng Sam Phan District will hold the "Sun Bloom on Phu at Bueng Sam Phan" which consists of various activities such as the largest sunflower contest and the daughter of the sun contest. Sunflower seed processing and distribution of agricultural products for tourists to join in the fun Phu Ruea Christmas Tree Festival in Loei province around the middle of the month. In November, Loei province will create a Christmas field on 5 rai of land by decorating the "Point Settia Tree", also known as the Christmas tree in Thailand. An important cash crop generates income for Phu Ruea residents hundreds of millions of baht per year. Visitors can admire the beauty and take photos day and night. Tourists will see a field of marigolds blooming on an area of 50 rai, demonstrations of breeding various kinds of plants, planting ornamental flowers and rare plants, as well as the sale of various ornamental flowers and winter vegetables, held between November 1, 2015 - February 29, 2016. 21 (Phurua-Dansai) Ban Nong Bong and Ban Kaeng Hai Nong Bua Phurua Tea Festival Cherry blossoms, tribal food Doi Mae Salong Chiang Rai Doi Mae Salong is one of the most famous tea growing areas in Thailand because of its cold climate and 1,200 meters above sea level. "Soft stem oolong tea" is famous for its aroma. It tastes just as good as Taiwanese oolong tea. In addition, visitors can experience the beauty of tiger queen flowers or cherry blossoms in Thailand that bloom along the way. The festival will be held from 28 Dec 2015 - 2 Jan 2015 at Baan Santikiri. Mae Salong Nok Mae Fah Luang Chiang Rai Flower Garden "The Bloom by TV Pool"                                                       The largest winter flower garden in Thailand on an area of 100 rai, packed with over 300 varieties of Thai and foreign flowers, The Bloom by TV Pool, located in Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, is the perfect place for tourists who like to take photos amidst colorful flowers. You can also feel the cool breeze and some mist fluttering in the early hours of the day. Open daily from 07.00-20.00 hrs. Mae Hee, Pai, Mae Hong Son is about 2,020 meters above sea level. The tiger queen tree or Thai cherry blossoms will leave beautiful pink blossoms. The best time to see the pink flowers is the last week of the month. Doi Samer Dao is one of the scenic spots of Srinaan National Park. Na Noi, Nan Province is suitable for relaxation and sea of clouds. Stargazing Watch the sunrise and sunset in the same area. Pha Hua Sing is a cliff shaped like a crouching lion, another place with a 360-degree view and another beautiful sunset spot in the North. There are also nature trails for adventurous people to enjoy the beauty that surrounds them. The location is located on Doi Samer Dao Doi Pha set up a Thai-Laos viewpoint at a height of 1,635 meters above sea level. Located in T.Por Wiang Kaen District, Chiang Rai Province. Tourists can see the Mekong water on the Laos side and also see the peak of Phu Chi Fa about 25 kilometers away. It is special and the tiger queen flower is blooming, showing its sweet beauty. Month section Feb. Crescent blossom will unfold the petals to show the beauty of Doi Mon Chong located at Omkoi A.Omkoi, Chiang Mai Ranked among the top 10 highest mountain peaks in Thailand The highest point of the mountain is named "lion's head" because it resembles a lion's head. In addition to the intricate mountain scenery, the winter meadows turn golden and feature azaleas that bloom from December to January, as well as many rare bird species such as the white-bellied falcon. Black-winged striped eagle Young eagle White-bellied striped bird Red-necked overgrown and black-necked thrush Doi Mon Chong Open for tourism from month to month. Nov-15 Feb. the following year. After that, it will be closed for renovation, tourists are not allowed to climb Doi Soi Malai. It is located in Mae Waek Wildlife Sanctuary. Thongfa Ban Tak District, Tak Province In addition to the viewpoint and the beautiful sea of mist in the morning. Doi Soi Malai also has a winter pine forest for tourists to visit. Another interesting thing is the salamander or water lizard. Rare primitive aquatic animals look like lizards, but the body is pink. There is also a camping spot where you can camp to enjoy nature.
Research suggests "married people aged 28-32 years" Marriage will be long.|A study by sociologists in the United States found that the age range between 28 and 32 years old is the most suitable age for marriage, but if they marry after the age of 32, the divorce rate has increased. While teenage married couples aged 15 to 19 break up, Time magazine reported on a study by Nick Wolffinger. Sociologists from the University of Utah, USA, found that the ideal age range for starting a marriage was 28-32 years old. It was found that married couples who were at this age had a lower divorce rate than those who married at other ages. Specifically, in the first 5 years after marriage, there was a very low rate of separation, Time stated the findings, which were published on the Family Studies website of the Academic Institute for Family Condition Studies. On July 20, 2015, it was a new body of knowledge about marriage because in the past, we often believed that late marriage would lead to a lasting marriage. According to the data analyzed, the divorce rate is higher between the late 30s and early 40s, and after the age of 32, the chances of divorce increase by 5% per year. He pointed out that there are several reasons why people aged 28-32 are suitable for marriage, such as: - People at this age are old enough to realize whether they really fit in with the other person or just a surge of hormones, - he or she has already chosen the path he or she wants, and has begun to take responsibility for things.- Has a certain level of financial security- Is not too old to adapt. Adapt habits, lifestyles, daily life, etc. to the other person, which is important in living as a couple – most people of this age have never married or have stepchildren, so they do not have to divide their time to take care of their children." There are also many reasons why late 20s and early 30s are a good way to start a marriage with someone." A sociologist from the University of Utah, USA, said Wolffinger said that successful married couples in their marriage Most of them are couples who know each other's quirks while Phillip Cohen Sociologist from the University of Maryland Instead, there is a different kind of information. He cited data from the American Community Survey that found that older married couples tend to have minimal changes in their marriage. The ideal age for marriage and breakup is 45-49 years old, while 15-19 years old are the most likely to get divorced, followed by 20-24 years old, 25-29 years old, and 35-39 years old, respectively. Good education Getting engaged before moving in together and getting married before having children all contribute to a married couple's long life. Imsiri Translated and edited from http://time.com/3966588/marriage-wedding-best-age/
From family menus to online marketplaces Sales grew 2 times|An entrepreneur who had faced obstacles with capital shrinking until he found that the product that could be marketed and resonated with customers was the "Southern Menu" that was eaten in the family by Somphan Hongsingthong mother. By the beginning of online food sales Born from her mother, she cooked delicious food, but with a small investment, she chose to sell online. First, she posted a sale. "Rice noodles" On her Facebook page, she had customers order products and earn 300 baht in profit, although the profit may not seem much, but it encouraged her to start her life as a merchant. She and her mother also introduced a new product, "Fennel Crab Curry". But it's also because of online storefront management and marketing. She shared that she had the opportunity to learn techniques from a well-known online entrepreneur. She has been in business for about 7 months now, sales have grown by 200% or 2 pieces, customers have to call to book in advance, from 1 week before, she and her family members will cook sweet and savory food for customers from the kitchen in a small house for only 2 days, but now it has become 5 days. Each menu is made to order to keep the ingredients fresh and not wasted. In addition to being purchased or sourced, some raw materials such as "rice" are obtained from their own production. The proportion is 70/30, focusing on high-volume sales, with current customers, in addition to general office workers, having a more mature group. As for her future marketing plans, she dreams of exporting her and her family's food products overseas.
"Cassette Night Party" brings back the good old days for music tape lovers.|In an era when people can download and listen to music from the Internet, there are hardly any companies that produce cassette players anymore. For some people, the value of recording media such as cassette tapes is the memory of the music industry and adolescent life. Tracked down from the report, just got back to old music. Memories of tape lovers like Pornchon Nivathavong seems to have returned to his childhood again, which the sound of music that is like a time machine back to the old days came from Anan Bunnag, while still a young singer who sold millions of cartridges, there are still works that are not easy to hear, including Desire of Maneenut's album Go-Inter in 1993. Because I Love You, one of two albums by Thailand's pioneering girl group, is part of the first Cassette Night Party, where the owners share valuable cassette tapes. And the discovery of artists by buying music tapes in the past is the inspiration behind Silpathorn artist Nikorn Saetang, who still holds 1,000 tapes of his beloved songs. It also plays a role in promoting the music business to the maximum growth. But the value of cassette tapes is declining today. This makes the cassette player work almost none. Replay music on cassette tapes Therefore, it has become a new experience nowadays. Cassette tapes have become a lost recording medium, but some countries like the U.S. still produce music as cassette tapes. Experience your favorite music and hear the analogue mechanisms that sound your favorite music. With music tape as a medium, a group of people are already happy with what they love so much.
Iran is the world's largest cosmetic surgery country.|Iran ranks No. 1 among the top 10 countries worldwide where people prefer plastic surgery to look good per year. At least 40,000 people queue up for official surgery each year, even though prices start at 54,000 baht just for a nose surgery. Iran Cosmetic surgery shows It is gaining a lot of popularity with the Arab population today, according to Iranian authorities. It was revealed that most of the patients who underwent surgery The purpose is to develop a better personality. There are 40,000 cosmetic surgeries performed each year, including 60% of nose surgeries. The statistics do not include plastic surgery and non-specialist surgeons. The cost of nose surgery starts at 54,200 baht, which is 5 times more than the minimum monthly wage of 9,700 baht. It was found that the rate of nose surgery among men was 35 percent. As a result, Iran is currently ranked among the top 10 countries with the highest number of cosmetic surgery in the world, reflecting that Iran is moving into modern society.
"Nat-Aniporn" Miss Universe Thailand 2015 and the influence of fashion to empower women|More than beauty, the influence of fashion has created a powerful image for women. The style of clothing worn also indicates the role that has been laid in society, as well as Nat-Aniphorn Chalermburanawong. Miss Universe Thailand won the national costume award from the Miss Universe pageant. According to a report today (January 6, 2015), reporters reported that any shirt room is now reserved as a hanger. After Nat-Aniphorn Miss Universe Thailand 2015 to influence fashion on the world stage to reach the last 10 people with the title of "Fashionista of Pageants" This year, because it's not just about winning the national costume. She also made the white evening gown she wore talked about as one of the most beautiful. Nat also took on the role of a model competing with Jina-Viraya. Pattarachokchai, a sharp-faced girl from The Face Thailand, both joined the debut of the movie The Dressmaker, which tells about the struggle of a young tailor with fashion as a weapon to elevate ordinary local girls to a role, reflecting the influence of fashion that is more than beauty or beauty. A strong pose while wearing the national costume that won the Best Award was sent to 'Tuk Yao Thailand'. It is an example of the design of a dress to create a picture of a modern Thai girl in the past. There are times when clothes change society. Since after World War II, women began to wear miniskirts and pants flexibly. Women have to get up to help their husbands work outside the home because the economy is not doing well, which is evident in the work of global fashion designer legends such as Coco Channel. Coco Chanel or even Christian Dior. Nat-Aniporn revealed that the woman who influenced her fashion was the same person that many people loved, Candice Swanpoel. International model as Victoria's Secret Angel. Nat likes Swanpoel because of her good body no matter what she wears, even though she looks good in simple and casual clothes, and she is considered an idol for her own dress. She always dresses sporty. Steadily, steadily, that's it.
"Sentai", a new trend of Japanese teachers-students, dressed in tight-fitting fabrics to help loosen the stretch.|Teachers, students Students in Japan love fashion. Wear a full-length stretch dress to relieve stress. It really helps liberate from strict customs. More than 3,000 members are expected to be in Tokyo alone. Today (January 20, 2016), the International News Agency reported that Japanese teachers, students and students There is a new way to relieve stress, preferably dressed in a tight lycra stretch cloth that covers the whole body from head to legs. He called the trend "Sentai" before posting a picture of himself online. They also dress up to meet at club parties, sometimes dress up and gather on the streets because sentai can relieve stress for Japanese wearers. Wearing such tights is one way to break free from the practices of society that value following traditions. Tradition Beyond personal desires, a female college student said that her family is ancient and wants her to act like a lady until she feels uncomfortable. I feel good about my tights and the friends in the group are all very friendly to me today. Just in Tokyo. The Japanese capital has around 3,000 Sentai members, and the number is likely to increase as new members join every day. At the same time, it appears on social media such as Facebook, many groups such as Sentai Addic, Sentai Ninja, Sentai Pokémon, and also spread to other countries as well, such as in England. Those who wear sentai also state that these tights have given him and her a better figure.
Answer: The phenomenon of baby god dolls, rights, beliefs in Thai society|The program responds to the question on 26 Jan 2559 Conversation with the owner of the baby god doll and psychologist about the phenomenon of baby god dolls that have become popular again, Mananya Boonmee, the initiator and founder of the popular association of raising children of the gods By Mae Ning and Manita Chuenemotion. Baby God Doll Keeper It tells about the beginning of raising a baby god doll. feeling Both Mananya and Manita describe what she gets from raising a child of the gods, saying that children of gods are about "happiness of the heart" and that "children make their parents happier."
2,000 years of lion dance legend passed down as a heritage of lion head making art in Malaysia |The production of lion heads in the lion dance tradition has a history of 1,000 years, and each lion head manufacturer has created a unique pattern to convey the identity of the Chinese who travel to live everywhere around the world today (Feb 6, 2016). The factory of Xiao Ho Piu, the lion-headed master of Selangor. His works are highly popular with lion dance troupes across Malaysia because they are beautiful and cheaper than orders from China, the 61-year-old artist said 30 years ago. He produced lion heads only for his own troupe. But later his lion's head became more and more in demand, so he decided to establish a factory. Unlike traditional bamboo, aluminum is lightweight and doesn't break easily during performances. Step 2 is to mold the shape with paper or paper mâche technique. The final step is the decoration of Xiao Ho Piu's unique lion head motif, Malaysian batik motif. In order for the lion's head to symbolize the Malay people, in the past, the Chinese lion dance tradition in Malaysia was controlled by Malay politicians who allowed the dance only for Chinese New Year before it was eased in the 1990s. Because the lion dance tradition has been around for 1,000 years and will continue to be passed on to generations to come, the lion dance tradition has existed since the Han Dynasty more than 2,000 years ago. The body is adorned with long, unkempt fur resembling a Peking dog. Lions from the Southern Bureau have horns on their heads. The body is decorated with wool. The purpose of the dance is to ward off evil spirits and bring good fortune in the past, lion puppeteers often come from Kung Fu and Wushu schools. Kicking, climbing, and balancing are all essential skills in martial arts. Only skilled disciples are allowed to dance lions, there is also a claim that if any Kung Fu school can dance many lions at a time, it is a guarantee that the bureau is full of talent, that is, opening a 2,000-year-old legend of lion dance, passed down as a heritage of lion head making in http://news.thaipbs.or.th/content/7802 #ThaiPBSnews #เชิดสิงโต #ตรุษจีน #มาเลเซีย-----------------------------------------------------Malaysia. 
